HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., May 17, 1862.

General B. HUGER,

Commanding, &amp;c., Petersburg, Va.:

GENERAL: Your letter of this date is received. with reference to that part which relates to the obstruction of the Appomattox I have to say, that if you cannot obstruct it below Port Walthall you must select the most favorable point above that place for the purpose, and push the work as rapidly as possible. I have already written to you with reference to the other subjects mentioned in your letter.

I am, general, very respectfully, your servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

MAY 17, 1862.

CIRCULAR.]

The division commissary has sent around notice that he has rations of bread for one day and bacon for two days. Brigadiers will see that all the regiments and artillery under their command draw to-night, as we are ordered by General Johnston to move at daylight in the morning.

The near vicinity of the enemy requires that the brigades should be so disposed as to be ready to resist a night attack.

The trains will move at early dawn. The infantry will move when the wagons are fairly out of the way. The march is not expected to be long, and if those gentlemen of leisure the quartermasters are made to attend to their duty the journey can be performed without fatigue.

By order-

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

ORDERS MAY 17, 1862.

Numbers -.

Captain Armistead will take the eight gums from Gloucester up to Richmond and report to General Pendleton or the Secretary of War.

The heavy artillery battalion under Captain Montague, including the companies of Captains Bagby, Otey, Jordan, and his own, will report to General Rodes as a part of his brigade until further orders.

General Rodes will give from this battalion such assistance as he may deem necessary to Captain Armistead to drive his battery to Richmond, but not assistance enough to man the guns.

The Twenty-sixth Virginia, Colonel Page, and all the non-conscript militia who owe ninety day's service to the Confederacy, are assigned to the brigade of General Rodes.

The Forty-sixth Virginia, Colonel Richardson, is assigned to the brigade of General Featherston.

The cavalry, Major Douthat, will report directly to these headquarters.

Many of the regiments have more wagons than allowed by law, and our march is rendered vexatious and wearisome by the enormous train.

Brigadiers will institute at once a rigid inspection of the wagons in their brigades and send off all the surplus (over seven to a regiment) to Richmond before noon to-day.

By order-

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

