
ing recovered his health and again reported for duty, will resume his former position as chief commissary of this army.

By command of General Johnston:

A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTER,

Harrison's, Va., May 20, 1862.

General LEE:

GENERAL: I had the honor to write you on Saturday, expressing the opinion that it is absolutely necessary that the Department of Henrico should be included in my command. Having received no reply, I respectfully repeat the suggestion, and ask the President to have the proper orders in the case given. It is needless to remind either of you of the mischief inevitable from divided commands.

Most respectfully, you obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., May 20, 1862.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding Army of Northern Virginia:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 17th, expressing your opinion of the necessity of the Department of Henrico being placed under your command, was submitted to the President, who directs me to state in reply that department, comprising the city of Richmond and a circuit of 10 miles around, was specially constituted and placed under martial law, with a view to its civil as well as military government, which he does not think it would be advantageous to disturb in consequence of your army being in the vicinity. He is willing to reduce the limit of the department to a circuit of 5 miles around the city, if you do not wish it to extend within your camps, or to make any arrangement so as not to interfere with your control of your troops or operations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., May 20, 1862.

Major General B. HUGER,

Commanding, &amp;c., Petersburg, Va.:

GENERAL: I am directed by General Lee to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of this morning, reporting the capture of a party of the enemy by our pickets at City Point, &c. Upon inquiry of General Winder he finds that the prisoners have been sent to Salisbury, N. C., which is what he would have directed had no disposition been made of them.

He hopes that the work of obstructing the Appomattox is being vigorously pushed forward, and that measures are being taken to protect the obstructions by artillery, rifle pits, &c. He instructs me to call your attention to the bridge over Swift Run Creek, between Petersburg and this city, and to the importance of having a force there to

