
FOURTH DIVISION - Continued.

Rains' Brigade.

13th Alabama.

26th Alabama.

6th Georgia.

23rd Georgia.

Featherston's Brigade.

27th Georgia.

28th Georgia.

4th North Carolina.

49th Virginia.

Crump's Brigade.

46th Virginia.

9th Virginia Militia.

21st Virginia Militia.

61st Virginia Militia.

Detachment cavalry.

Matthews Light Dragoons.

Armistead's battery.

Word's Command.

2nd Florida.

2nd Mississippi Battalion.

Cavalry Brigade.

Brigadier General J. E. B. STUART commanding.

1st Virginia.

4th Virginia.

Jeff. Davis Legion.

Horse Artillery.

Reserve Artillery.

Brigadier General W. N. PENDLETON commanding.

Pendleton's artillery corps.

Washington (Louisiana) Artillery.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA.

May 22, 1862.

Major-General HUGER,Commanding, Petersburg:

DEAR GENERAL: The enemy is now near the Chickahominy, his advanced troops showing themselves yesterday at the bridge of the New Kent road and near that, directly opposite to Richmond, on the Mechanicsville turnpike.

Little progress has been made in the bridge which I mentioned to you few days ago, thanks to the peace establishment habits of the Richmond officials.

The army in four divisions has its right on the Charles City Court-House road, behind Cornelius Creek, and its left near and outside of the Fairfield race-Course. It is necessary that you should be ready to go at a moment's notice wherever a considerable action may occur-to Drewry's Bluff, in the event of an advance upon it of a character to indicate that land forces are to be used in the attack, or to Richmond, should the Federal Army approach it from the east.

Could the railroad company furnish the means of transporting your whole force at once; if not, how much of it? I suppose at least half, and that in that way all might be brought in the course of a night without the fatigue of a march. How long a time would be required to collect the engines and cars necessary for your purpose? Can any arrangement be made now which would expedite your starting any time? If so, please have it made.

