
eral control of the military operations now exercised by General Mahone, who is of course subject to your orders.

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., May 22, 1862.

Major General B. HUGER, Petersburg, Va.:

GENERAL: I am directed by General Lee to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of yesterday, reporting progress of the work of obstructing Appomattox River, the force stationed at Swift Creek, &amp;c. The general desires you to report the progress made in the organization of the Ninth Virginia Regiment; also a return showing the number of arms on hand and the number required to complete its armament.

As regards the assignment of Captain Kevill's company to the battery at Drewry's Bluff, he instructs me to say that the battery is one of the greatest importance, is within your command, and will have to be manned by troops from your division. He understands that the company in question was one of the best and thought it advisable to place it at Drewry's. You might give the siege guns to Captain Hupp or some other company used to this service.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,May 22, 1862.

Brigadier General L. O'B. BRANCH:

GENERAL: I have just received your note of to-day.

You have two purposes to accomplish: To connect this army with that of Brigadier-General anderson, near Fredericksburg, and to protect railroad.

General Anderson has cavalry between the Pamunkey and Mattapony; that of General Stuart, belonging to this army, is in your front, its left on the Pamunkey. Put yourself in communication. It must keep you informed of all the enemy's movements.

This army is near Richmond, with outposts near Mechanicsville and Meadow Bridge.

If too strongly pressed, or you hear of a battle, join us. The object of protecting the railroad will make it necessary for you to dispose of and place your troops according to the enemy's movements.

Keep up a communication with the troops at Meadow Bridge.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING,Fairfield Race-Course, May 22, 1862.

Major-General [G. W.] SMITH,

[Commanding Reserve, &c., Harrison's Farm:]

SIR: I desire to withdraw the troops from New Bridge, leaving only one regiment at the Old Tavern, so that I may concentrate my forces

