
afternoon from Petersburg for Drewry's Bluff. I intend it to relieve Anderson; so soon as it arrives let Anderson understand that he is to rejoin you.

I regard the battery you mention as a folly; the guns should be together at Drewry's. Let Hill to-morrow furnish the necessary supports on the roads below.

Yours, truly,

J. E. JOHNSTON.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., May 24, 1862.

Colonel THOMAS S. RHETT,

Inspector of Ordnance, Richmond, Va.:

COLONEL: In reply to your letter of the 23d* I am directed General Lee to say that having no control over the guns belonging to the Navy, he cannot cause any other disposition to [be] made of them that such as they desire. The two 8-inch columbiads now ready and asked for by Major Stevens must go to the James River batteries. The 9-inch columbiad now in course of preparation may be sent to General french at Wilmington if not required for the defense of James River.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., May 24, 1862.

Major-General HILL,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: By order of the commanding-general I report to you that my brigades is assigned to your division. At present my brigade has-

1st. One regiment of cavalry, under Colonel J. Lucius Davis, not yet organized by election of its field officers. The election was to have been held to day; but the whole regiment ready for service is already detached and ordered to report to General Stuart.

2nd. The Forty-sixth Regiment Virginia Volunteers, with seven companies only, several being on parole, with some expectation of an early exchange.

3rd. The Twentieth Regiment Virginia Volunteers, with but two companies, which are ordered to be temporarily attached to the Forty-sixth until the Twentieth can be filled. These two companies are now in Richmond, under Brigadier-General Winder, who declines to turn them over until he receives orders from General Lee.

4th. The Twenty-sixth Regiment Virginia Volunteers, under Colonel Page, regularly organized. For these, the Forty-sixth, the two companies of the Twentieth attached, and for the Twenty-sixth, I have ordered, as you directed, a compact encampment, close in the rear of you headquarters. The moment my available forces are encamped I will take up my quarters with them in the field.

I beg that you will request General Lee to have the two companies of the Twentieth, ordered by General Johnston to be attached to the Forty-sixth, released from the orders of Brigadier-General Winder.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY A. WISE.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

