
All the bridges are still in our hands,a the enemy being less than half a mile in front of them, the farthest being defended by six companies of sharpshooters stationed in the woods, supported by a regiment on this side of Brooke Run in an admirable position for that purpose.

The Meadow road and railroad run here parallel and very close to each other.

I directed two mountain howitzers to be placed so as to enfilade each road, while they are themselves concealed and in proximity to the bridges.

One regiments is stationed on the commanding hills to the left, spoken of this morning. I had intended sending two mountain howitzers to that position also, as the descent is precipitous and the range not long, defend the canal bridge near that point, and I have ordered up my two 32-pounder guns on traveling carriages, which are excellent guns, furnished with shells, 15 and 20 second fuses, by which the other side of the enemy will be reached, and I think these important communications may be considered safe, except against a very powerful attack of the enemy.

I have directed rifle pits to be constructed midway between the heights and bridges, both at Mechanicsville and Meadow Bridges and on the right left of the roads, to be used by our sharpshooters when necessary or desirable. I have further to report from personal examination that there are no cavalry pickets to protect the left flank of this position against surprise. General Stuart requested me to have it protected by Colonel Lee, but I could not find that officer. It should be done at once, as the best ford on the river is at Dr. Powell's, 2 miles beyond the regiment, which is stationed on the hill between Brooke Run and the river.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding Right Wing.

RICHMOND, VA., May 26, 1862.

Brigadier-General ARMISTEAD,

Petersburg:

We are informed that if the enemy's pickets are kept off as far down as the Blackwater, on the Norfolk and Petersburg road, and the cars run, we can obtain large quantities of supplies. Can you afford the necessary protection? This is certainly so, and the Commissary General's agent, Everett Todd, will see you this evening.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, VA., May 26, 1862.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Yours of yesterday was received this morning. My note to you was handed to General Griffith, who had borne a communication from General Featherston, and who, I supposed, would deliver my note to you. It was not sent by me to General McLaws, nor was it intended to be formally of officially presented. At the time it was written I had heard of objections to the restoration of the Seventeenth Regi

