
ment, and the Nineteenth was supposed to be one which especially required to be in a brigade of Mississippians for reasons more likely to be communicated to me than yourself. I gave to General Lee, at a subsequent time, a list having the numbers, as stated by you, of the regiments which now compose Griffith's brigade. The only change which would be required in its components now be the transfer of the Mississippi battalion in exchange for that of Louisiana; and the only alteration I would desire in your proposed organization of the Second Brigade would be the addition of the Sixteenth regiment to it when it can be drawn from the brigade in which it is now serving (viz, Trimble's, of Ewell's division). This would combine the ten infantry regiments of Mississippi in two brigades, and I am confident they would be more effective in battle for being thus associated.

You will remember that the proposition made by me last fall was similar to this. Then the First brigade, to be of five regiments, was designated for Whiting, and was followed by his offensive rejection of a Mississippi brigade in an insubordinate letter, which was withdrawn by him for modification, but of which I have heard nothing further.

The addition of the troops under Brigadiers Anderson and Branch seemed to require another major-general, and upon the recommendations before me Brigadier-General Hill was selected.

Brigadier-General Jones was left by the Senate in a position which would render it improper for one to supersede him as a division commander, unless I should have cause to withdraw his nomination (still pending), and thus decide the question as to whether he should be a major-general. Counting the two, Jones and Hill, you have seven division commanders, with four brigades to the division. This would cover your commander very nearly.

I have sought some satisfactory solution for the case of Ewell to be chief of staff with the rank of brigadier-general, and can find none which you could ask me to adopt.

Very respectfully and truly, yours.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., May 26, 1862.

Major General B. HUGER,

Commanding, &amp;c., Petersburg, Va.:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 25th instant, reporting your arrival at Drewry's Bluff, has been received. I presume you will receive from General Johnston definite instruction. In the mean time I can state that I understood his object was to afford greater protection to the batteries on the river, to watch and oppose the advance of the enemy from City Point by the south bank of the river, and to have your forces in readiness to cross to this side of the river in case of a general engagement, which seems to be immediate [imminent].

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE APPOMATTOX,Drewry's Farm, May 26, 1862.

General R. E. Lee, Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: I inclose herewith copies of letters sent by the War De

