
You will draw such working parties from your brigade as may be necessary for the uninterrupted prosecution of the works; and should additional force for manning the heavy guns be required, it is suggested that the company " United Artillery," under Captain Kevill, be devoted to this purpose.

R. E. LEE,

General.

NAVY DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, May 15, 1862.

Captain LEE, C. S. N.:

SIR: Proceed to Drewry's Bluff and take command of the naval defenses of the James river, relieving Commander Farrand,who will re main there second in command.

General Mahone has been assigned to the chief command, but the naval force is expected to fight all the batteries, complete the obstructions, and mount additional guns where you may deem them necessary.

All the officers are ordered to report to you.

Consult freely with General Mahone, and defend the river to the last extremity.

Apply to me promptly for all and aid I can afford you.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. R. MALLORY,

Secretary of the Navy.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., May 17, 1862.

Captain S. SMITH LEE,

Commanding Naval Forces, Drewry's Bluff, near Richmond:

CAPTAIN: I am directed by General Lee to inclose to you the within copy of letter of instructions to General Mahone, commanding forces at Drewry's Bluff.

The general desires you to be informed that there will be no interference with the naval forces under your command by the land forces serving in conduction with you. He hopes that the two services will harmonize perfectly in the duties that have been assigned them.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. LONG,

Colonel, Military Secretary.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,May 26, 1862.

Major General D. H. HILL:

GENERAL: Brigadier-General Pettigrew, commanding Major-General Smith's advance, 1 1/2 miles this side of the Nine-mile road, on that to Williambsburg, has been ordered to hold his position. Should he be attacked in force he will be supported, so that an action may be brought on. Please be ready for such an emergency to support General Smith's right.

Yours, truly and respectfully,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

