
tion was Virginia, General Holmes was to move to Petersburg. He has thought it advisable to send Walker's brigade to that city, but the appearance of the enemy at Plymouth may change his plans. If Walker's brigade remain in Petersburg the presence there of General Armistead's command would be no longer necessary. General Johnston will be furnished with such information bearing upon this matter as may be received from General Holmes.

R. E. LEE,

General.

[Inclosure.]

PETERSBURG, VA., May 27, 1862.

Major General B. HUGER,

Commanding Department of the Appomattox:

GENERAL: I arrived here this morning with orders from General Holmes to assume command at this point. this order was given, I believe, on the supposition that you division had been withdrawn from this vicinity. As I find the case to be different, I have the honor to report my arrival merely, and will await your further instructions. One regiment of my brigade is now here, and the remainder will arrive to-day and to-morrow.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. WALKER,

Brigadier-General C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS,May 27, 1862.

General FEATHERSTON:

GENERAL: An attack is to be made at daylight by General Smith on the left of Rodes. You will move with your two pieces and regiments at dawn to the support of General Rodes, sending ahead to apprise him of the movement, that his pickets may not fire upon you.

Rodes is expected to keep his command parallel to that of Smith. I have given him full instructions, and as he is your senior, you will report to him for orders. The whole division will be immediately behind you.

Yours, &amp;c.,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

P. S.-I placed last night, according to promise, three companies of Rains' brigade on picket just in front of you.

HEADQUARTERS, May 27, 1862.

The brigades will be put in motion immediately The lightest guns of the batteries can alone be taken, and the extra horses may be attached to the caissons, that all may move with rapidity. The camps will be left just as they are. We are moving out for battle and all who can go should do so.

The brigade of General Rains will move by Currie's to the Charles

