
City road. The brigade of General Wise will follow that of General Rains, on the same road. The brigade of General Garland will be marched to the position now occupied by General Rodes and will be there held in reserve.

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

STONY RUN, May 27, 1862.

General BRANCH:

I assume the command of this division. I send you General Johnston's order.

Collect your command near Ashland, and be prepared to move in this direction.

Colonel Hamilton has been directed to vacate the Junction and moved toward Ashland. I shall move that way to-morrow with Field's and Gregg's brigades. Communicate with me at once.

Respectfully,

A. P. HILL,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,May 27, 1862-7.15 p.m.

Brigadier General L. O'B BRANCH:

GENERAL: I have just received your note of this date.

Please report to Major General A. P. Hill, to whose division you now belong, as soon as possible.

Your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., May 27, 1862.

Major General G. HUGER,

Commanding, &amp;c., Drewry's Bluff, Va.:

GENERAL: I am directed by General Lee to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 24th*, reporting the arrival of the First Louisiana Regiment at Petersburg, &c., and to say that Major-General Holmes has been instructed to take charge of and defend the line of road through Weldon to Petersburg, and that you are desired to send a light battery to Weldon as soon as one of those now in course of preparation at Petersburg is ready for field service, to relieve that of Captain Graham, which can then repair to Petersburg to recruit and refit.

It has been reported by General Holmes this morning that eleven steamers are at Plymouth and two gunboats removing obstructions at the confluence of these facts, and that General Holmes will regulate his movements accordingly, and it is presumed he will instruct you not to remove the brigade left at Petersburg until relieved by troops from the Department of North Carolina.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

