
Weldon, and that he would leave Armistead's brigade, Huger's command, at Petersburg. I had received a telegram from General Holmes to the same effect, but have ordered the brigade of General Walker to remain in Petersburg, and have so notified General Huger by telegraph, telling him that this would release General Armistead's brigade.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va. May 28, 1862.

Brigadier General B. HUGER,

Commanding, &amp;c., Drewry's Bluff, Va.:

GENERAL: I am directed by General Lee to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of yesterday, inclosing one from Brigadier-General Walker of same date, reporting the arrival of the advance of his brigade at Petersburg. It was reported by General Holmes a day or two since that two-thirds of the army and navy of the enemy at New Berne had left that place. It was presumed their intention was either to move against Wilmington or to re-enforce McClellan, and General Holmes was to move a proportionate amount of his army to Petersburg, and was to consider his department so extended as to include that place and the entire line of railroad to Wilmington. This will account for the presence in Petersburg of General Walker's brigade. On yesterday the enemy's transports (eleven) and gunboats (two) were reported at Plymouth, and this may change the movements of the troops en route from North Carolina. General Johnston, who has been made acquainted with theses facts, it is presumed, will give you all the necessary orders in the case.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., May 28, 1862.

Brigadier-General ARMISTEAD,

Petersburg, Va.:

What is the condition of the obstruction of the Appomattox, and is anything needed to perfect it?

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

PETERSBURG, VA., May 28, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

When I last visited obstructions with Captain Pegram, C. S. Navy, we both thought they could be easily removed. They are not in the right place. Give me the authority, with the officers and men now at work on the present obstructions, and I will try to redeem lost time. Let me have Captain Pegram, C. S. Navy.

L. A. ARMISTEAD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

