HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE,May 29, 1862-5 o'clock.

[General HILL:]

Upon deploying a line of skirmishers in the woods in front they immediately became engaged with the enemy's skirmishers and sharp firing is now going on. Result not yet reported; our men holding their own.

My men are under arms in the original position you found them yesterday. I think I distinguished the rumbling of approaching artillery. I'll send again further particulars.

I am, general, very respectfully,

S. GARLAND, JR.,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE,May 29, 1862-6.30 o'clock.

[General HILL:]

Major Call, commanding the skirmishers, has drawn them in and returned. Casualties on our side: One lieutenant from the Twenty-fourth Virginia and 2 privates Twenty-third North Carolina wounded, one of the latter being left on the field through a misunderstanding of my orders. Supposed casualties of the enemy 15 or 20; since reported more. Condensing the conflicting statements, I gather that two regiments were seen drawn up upon driving in their line of pickets, which held the edge of the woods in our front. Some cavalry were also seen in the road, and Major Call confirms my impression of hearing the wheels of artillery. From this I infer the presence of a brigade on my immediate front in the woods opposite. All now is profoundly quiet. The cavalry vedette reports parties of the enemy creeping up near the railroad. I have the Second Florida, with its left resting on the railroad, and shall preserve communication with it.

Your dispatch just received.

Very respectfully,

S. GARLAND, JR.,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,May 29, 1862.

Major-General HILL:

DEAR GENERAL: Your dispatch is just received. I suppose that your report mentioned was from General Rodes. You wrote my name.

Tell your advanced brigades to find out the strength of the enemy before them if possible. It may become proper to attack.

Yours, truly,

J. E. JOHNSTON.

I congratulate you upon the prize.

RICHMOND, VA., May 30, 1862.

Major General T. H. HOLMES,

Petersburg, Va.:

Bring your command here as rapidly as possible and report by letter. Send on in advance to General Johnston. He will instruct you.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

