
Blenker, and send them by the shortest route to Strasburg. Upon the force joining you at Manassas from General Wadsworth, if matters be entirely quiet in front, you may at once proceed to Fort Monroe to assume command of the two divisions of your corps. Let General Blenker upon reaching Strasburg reports to General Banks for instructions.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Steamer Commodore, April 1, 1862.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Fifth Corps, Strasburg:

I have given General Sumner discretionary orders to move two brigades of Blenker's to Strasburg to-morrow to report to you. Written instructions by mail.

Blenker is ordered to Fremont, but will remain a few days with you until affairs are settled in your front.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,No. 99. Steamer Commodore, Potomac River, April 1, 1862.

* * * * * * *

3. By direction of the President, Brigadier General Louis Blenker, and the division under his command, will, at the earliest practicable moment, be relieved from duty with the Army of the Potomac and transferred to the Mountain Department. In the mean while General Blenker will receive special instructions for his guidance from General Sumner, who will immediately send two brigades of the division, under General Blenker, to Strasburg, to report to General Banks for temporary service, and upon being relieved by him to proceed to Winchester and report for instructions to the Adjutant-General of the Army. The remaining brigade, as soon as the troops drawn from the Railway Brigade, Colonel Miles, reach Manassas, will proceed by the shortest practicable route to rejoin General Blenker.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[APRIL 2, 1862.-For McClellan to Burnside, in reference to co-operation of his forces, see Series I, Vol. IX, p.374.]

WARRENTON JUNCTION, April 2, 1862.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Army of the Potomac, Fort Monroe:

I forward herewith a copy of telegram just received from General Wadsworth for the information of the general commanding:

