HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,May 30, 1862-9.15 p.m.

Major General G. W. SMITH:

GENERAL: If nothing prevents we will fall upon the enemy in front of Major-General Hill (who occupies the position on the Williamsburg road from which your troops moved to the neighborhood of Meadow Bridge) early in the morning-as early as practicable. The Chickahominy will be high, passable only by the bridges-a great advantage to us.

Please be ready to move by the [Gaines?] road, coming as early as possible to the point at which the road to New Bridge turns off. Should there be cause of haste, General McLaws, on your approach, will be ordered to leave his ground for you, that he may re-enforce General Longstreet.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON.

Please acknowledge.

J. E. J.

A copy of this has been sent to General Whiting, who is directed to act upon the order in your absence.

J. E. J.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS,Numbers 21. Richmond, Va., May 30, 1862.

Brigadier-General Ripley, upon his arrival in this city, will report for duty with his brigade to General Joseph E. Johnston, commanding Department of Northern Virginia.

The regiments, as they arrive, will take the direction of Fairfield Race Course, unless otherwise ordered by General Johnston.

The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation to the encampment.

By order of General Lee:

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION,Near Richmond, Va., May 31, 1862-3 a.m.

Major General D. H. HILL,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: I am directed by Major-General Huger to write to you and say that a brigade will start for the Charles City road as soon as possible, and that when they are in motion he will notify you, and would be glad if you would send a guide to conduct them.

Brigadier General L. A. Armistead will report to General Rodes. I fear delay may occur owing to the state of the road.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS PINCKNEY,

Aide-de-Camp.

MAY 31, 1862-4.45 a.m.

General G. J. RAINS:

GENERAL: Captain White will report to you this morning as a guide to take your men down the railroad to position assigned.

