
banks. We have only a small force to prevent them from outflanking us. I do not know commands the forces outside.

S. S. LEE,

Captain, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., June 1, 1862.

Colonel E. F. KEEN,

Commanding Fifty-seventh Regiment Virginia Vols., Drewry's Bluff:

COLONEL: Your telegram of yesterday has been received. General Lee directs me to say to you that the command of the troops at Drewry's Bluff having devolved upon you, you will take all the necessary steps for protecting the defenses on the river. You will guard carefully all the approaches toward the batteries from the direction of City Point, sending forward your pickets on all the roads leading in that direction, with instructions to watch carefully the movements of the enemy and report any appearance of an advance. You will oppose to the last extremity any attempt upon your position. You will report promptly any movement of the enemy. There is a brigade of General Holmes' command at Petersburg. You will endeavor to keep a system of communication with this force, as there is a material dependence upon yours and this force.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. LONG,

Colonel and Military Secretary.

BRAVE DAM, June 1, 1862.

General S. COOPER:

I was at Jerrold's [?] Mill on yesterday when my advanced party of 6 men came in contact with and drove back 5 of the enemy's cavalry. The Federals are in force at Stuart's Mill, 2 miles beyond Jerrold's. No indication of any advance toward Richmond. Some part of McDowell's force has certainly been sent back to Washington or the valley, and if my information can be relied on, he is waiting further intelligence of Jackson's movements to determine his course.

Men and horses in my command have been worked hard, and I have come this side of the river to recruit for a day or two. I am acting under orders from Major-General Hill, and will beg the favor of you to have this telegram communicated to him.

B. B. DOUGLAS.

(Copies sent to Generals R. E. Lee and A. P. Hill June 2, 1862).
HEADQUARTERS LIGHT DIVISION,June 1, 1862.

Brigadier General L. O'B. BRANCH:

GENERAL: Send two regiments, under an experienced officer, down the Brooke turnpike to Mechanicsville. Let the men take their blankets, and if they have not cooked provisions to last until to-morrow after

