
WASHINGTON, April 2, 1862.

General E. V. SUMNER:

I find no regiments really fit to move or go into field. I will try and get them off on the 4th.

JAS. S. WADSWORTH.

General Abercrombie arrived to-night with five regiments, eight guns, and one squadron of cavalry. A successful reconnaissance has been made to-day by Colonel Farnsworth, with his regiment (the Eighth Illinois Cavalry), as far as the bridge over the Rappahannock. A small party of scouts only was seen, but they were driven out of the way instantly by an equal number of men. Upon the arrival of the regiment near the bridge a piece of artillery opened fire upon it from the opposite bank of the river, but did no damage. Colonel Farnsworth reports from his own observance and from all the information he could obtain that there is only a small force of the enemy at that point. As General Wadsworth's command, would the general commanding approve of my giving General Blenker the necessary instructions for his movement, with directions not to move until the 4,000 men alluded to arrive at Manassas,and proceeding myself at once to join him at Fort Monroe? The greater part of Richardson's division reaches Alexandria to-night.

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding, U. S. Army, Second Corps.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, April 2, 1862.

Adjutant-General THOMAS,

and Major-General HITCHCOCK:

GENERALS:I beg leave to refer to you the following papers:

1st. The President's Was Order, No. 3, dated March 8, 1862, marked A.

2nd. The report of a council held at Headquarters Fairfax Court-House, March 13, marked B.

3rd. The President's instructions to General McClellan, March 13, marked C.

4th. The report of Major-General McClellan, dated on board the steamer Commodore, April 1, addressed to the Adjutant-General [D].

5th. The report of General Wadsworth as to the forces in his command [E].

And upon examination I desire you to report to me whether the President's order and instructions have been complied with in respect to the forces to be left for the defense of Washington and its security and at Manassas, and, if not, wherein those instructions have been departed from.

Yours, truly,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

A.

PRESIDENT'S GENERAL, EXECUTIVE MANSION,

WAR ORDER, No. 3. Washington, March 8, 1862.

Ordered, That no change of the base of operations of the Army of the Potomac shall be made without leaving in and about Washington

