
Colonel Kemper is, I am informed now in command of the brigade recently commanded by General A. P. Hill. Colonel Archer has served with the Tennesseeans, and may know more of them than either of the other officers named.

Colonel Wright is a Georgian, and, as my memory serves me, Hampton's brigade was partly composed of Georgians. But you will know best how to dispose of these offices.

I give you the material to be used at your discretion.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS HUGER'S DIVISION,June 2, 1862.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding:

GENERAL: I beg to call your attention to the fact that all the troops I commanded have been detached, I presume from the necessity of the service; and finding myself on the field last evening without any command at all, I, with the permission of General Longstreet, returned to these headquarters.

The First Brigade of my division (Colston's) was detached to re-enforce General Magruder when the enemy first advanced up the Peninsula. The three brigades I brought up with me are at present serving under the orders of Major-General Hill.

I ask that all may be returned to my command. I hope the position I am placed in is merely an accidental one, and will be changed as soon as it can be done.

I must demand the command and position my rank entitles me to. On no other condition will I hold it.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DABB'S HOUSE,June 3, 1862.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Longstreet for a report of the facts in the case.

By order of General Lee:

W. H. TAYLOR,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, June 3, 1862.

The entire division of General Huger was left in advance upon retiring with the forces from the late battle-field.

He was absent yesterday, and not coming to report after being sent for, I ordered General Stuart to take the command of the division during the absence of General Huger.

He has joined his division this morning and taken command.

Respectfully,JAMES LONGSTREET,

Major-General, Commanding.

