
RICHMOND, VA., June 2, 1862.

SENIOR OFFICER,

At Drewry's Bluff, Va.:

We have just heard from Petersburg that seven or nine gunboats and six transports, with barges in tow, passed up James River since sunrise. Re-enforcements are on their way to join you.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 126. Richmond, Va., June 2, 1862.

II. By direction of the President, General Robert E. Lee, C. S. Army, will assume the immediate command of the armies in Easter Virginia and North Carolina.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNumbers WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. LONGSTREET'S DIVISION,

Numbers 18. June 2,

The commanding general congratulates the troops of Major General D. H. Hill and his own upon their handsome conduct in the various attacks upon the enemy's intrenched positions and camps in the battle of the Seven Pines, on the 31st ultimo, and the defense of the position on the 1st instant. After a severe struggle the enemy was driven from his stronghold and all his artillery and his entire camp captured.

It is a source of deep regret, however, that these gallant soldiers, after thus taking the entire position of the enemy, should have endangered our captured stronghold by so far forgetting themselves as to desert their ranks for plunder. This bad conduct is more the fault of the officers than the soldiers. If officers so obviously fail to do their duty nothing better may be expected of the men.

The Seven Pines will be inscribed on the regimental banners of each regiment of the two divisions, except those few regiments that disgracefully left the battle-field with their colors.

The Seven Pines will also be inscribed upon the standard of the fifty-third Regiment Virginia Volunteers of General Armistead's brigade, Major-General Huger's division.

By command of Major-General Longstreet:

G. MOXLEY SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Dabb's House, Va., June 3, 1862.

Major W. H. STEVENS,

Chief Engineer Army of Northern Virginia:

MAJOR: I desire you to make an examination of the country in the vicinity of the line which our army now occupies, with a view of ascertaining the best position in which we may fight a battle or resist the advance of the enemy. The commanding points on this line I desire

