
to be prepared for occupation by our field guns and the whole line strengthened by such artificial as time and opportunity may permit. My object is to make use of every means in our power to strengthen ourselves and to enable us to fight the enemy to the best advantage. It is not intended to construct a continuous line of defense or to erect extensive works. Having selected the line and put the works in progress of construction, I desire you to resume the examination and see what other positions can be taken nearer Richmond in case of necessity. You will please make requisitions upon the commanders of divisions in the vicinity of the works to be constructed for such working parties as may be necessary. You must also make arrangements to collect such tools as may be with the army, and I have to request that you will push forward the work with the utmost diligence.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,

Numbers 60. Dabb's House, June 3, 1862.

Surg. D. C. De Leon, in accordance with instructions from the War Department, is announced as medical director of the Army of Northern Virginia.

By command of General Lee:

A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, June 4, 1862.

General J. C. PEMBERTON,

Charleston, S. C.:

The call made on you for troops was the result of pressing necessity. It was hoped that the season would secure you against operations inland, and that you could spare troops without weakening your strength for the defense of Charleston. You can estimate the consequences to for the defense of Charleston. You can estimate the consequences to the common cause which depend upon success here. Send three regiments, or, if you think it safe to do so, send the largest number named by you.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS,Dabb's House, Va., June 4, 1862.

Major W. H. STEVENS,

Chief Engineer:

MAJOR: I am much gratified to learn by your letter of to-day that you have commenced a line for the occupation of our troops and hope you may be able to obtain a satisfactory one. Strengthen its natural positions by artificial defenses. The plan you propose for doing this is approved, and I hope you will be able to prosecute the work with vigor. I last evening directed Captain Rives to send 200 spades, shovels and picks in proportion, and 50 axes to you. Should Major Barbour have a sufficient quantity of tools to enable you to dispense with these, please have them returned. I also have directed him to

