
send you such engineer officers as are available. I inclose you a copy of a general order issued to-day relative to the establishment of a pioneer corps.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

P. S.-I wish you particularly to cause an examination to be made of the nature of the ground along the York River Railroad, to see whether or not some heavier guns might be placed there, as I think the only way the enemy can get his heavy guns up that way will be by the railroad.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,

Numbers 62. June 4, 1862.

Division commanders will have 300 men from their respective divisions detailed as pioneers, who, under engineer officers, may be employed as working parties, to throw up earthworks, dig rifle pits, and construct lines of abatis. These men will be borne upon their company rolls and paid as extra-duty men, retaining their arms and equipments. Regimental officers in proportion to details from their regiments-at least 1 to every 35 men-will accompany these details descriptive rolls being furnished with each company detail. Mechanics bridge-builders, and laborers volunteering for this duty will be preferred. Officers so detailed will report to Major W. H. Stevens, Engineer Corps, for duty with their details. Major W. H. Stevens, engineer department, will make the necessary requisition on his own or the quartermaster's department for implements and material required.

By command of General Lee:

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LYNCHBURG, June 4, 1862.

His Excellency Governor LETCHER:

The James River commenced rising this morning early; has risen 15 feet, and is yet rising rapidly-5 o'clock p.m. Should not this be known at the batteries? May not the gunboats take the advantage to pass over?

The river here is about the width at the obstructions.

C. DIMMOCK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS, June 4, 1862.

General D. H. HILL:

GENERAL: I have just ordered General Ripley to put all the force on the road that he can.

Very respectfully,JAMES LONGSTREET,

Major-General, Commanding.

