
10 privates from each regiment, to be selected from those most reliable and efficient, and to remain upon this duty unless relieved from inefficiency or other causes.

These guards, under such instructions as division commanders may give, will be aided by a cavalry company, which Brigadier General J. E. B. Stuart will send in daily to Richmond to pick up all parties absent without authority. Assistance, if required, will also be given by General Winder, provost-marshal of Richmond, to whom officers in charge of such guards will report whenever visiting the city in discharge of duty.

II. Whisky rations may be issued on the authority of division commanders when deemed essential to the health of the men from the inclemency of the weather or exposure in the swamps.

By command of General Lee:

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, June 6, 1862.

General JAMES LONGSTREET:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I have just received your note of this evening. General Jones' division has been moved to the left to rejoin General Magruder's command. Smith's division, General Whiting, occupies the ground between the Nine-mile road and the York River Railroad. There is not gap in the line or ought not to be. I found divisions and even brigades were becoming disintegrated to the left. You have a good neighbor, and I hope you will get along harmoniously.

I have been out all day on the left. Just in. All quiet, but the enemy working like beavers, making bridges and causeways. I saw no extension to his right. All the bridges, &amp;c., were from New Bridge down. He seems to be working for the plateau this side New Bridge, from the bridge itself, which he has renewed on one side, and his tete-de-pont on the other. Our people seem to think he will advance to-morrow morning. If so, I directed he should be resisted, and act upon circumstances. Be prepared on your side, and if you get work sweep around on your right.

Very truly,R. E. LEE.

[Indorsement.]

General D. H. HILL,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: I send you a note just received from General Lee. Be ready in the morning, bright and early, if you hear anything. That Mr. Allen would be of service to us in case we have to move.

Very respectfully,

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,June 6, 1862.

Major General A. P. HILL,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: General Lee directs that you send a regiment from Brigadier General Joseph R. Anderson's brigade to relieve the Sixteenth Georgia

27 R R-VOL XI, PT III

