
Regiment, Colonel Bryan, which [is] posted on the right of General Anderson's brigade. Upon being relieved the Sixteenth Georgia will report for duty to Brigadier-General Cobb.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING OF THE ARMY,June 6, 1862.

Brigadier-General WHITING,

Commanding Division, &amp;c.:

SIR: I am directed by Major-General Magruder to say that he will order one of Jones' brigades to relieve one of the brigades of your division, now in the rear of Mrs. Price's; that he will withdraw also the other brigade of Jones' division and place it in position extending from Mrs. Price's to Mr. James Garnett's thus leaving your division to occupy and defend the ground from the Nine-mile road to the railroad. As your division is a large one and Jones' is a weak one, he can do nothing toward defending the ground on the right of the Nine-mile road. He considers it essential, therefore, that one of your brigades be kept in front on that ground, and that your reserves should be in easy supporting distance of the troops in the vicinity of the Old Tavern. He hopes this arrangement will be satisfactory to you.

In reference to the artillery of your division, Major-General Magruder directs me to say that he does not recollect to have given any order upon any occasion whatever. He also instructs me to say that he considers you in the independent command of your division, except when operations are going on jointly between your own and his divisions, when by law the ranking officer commands, which he does not desire to do except in cases of necessity.

In order to effect the transportation of your troops and those of General Jones to-day, he informs you that General Jones will move his division from the right by the rear to your left, and will inform the next commanding officer of brigade in your division on his left when this movement will take place. He suggests that you will direct this movement of your line of battle by the right flank to the railroad and leave vacant the ground now occupied by your Third Brigade, to be occupied by one of General Jones' brigades.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. G. DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING,June 6, 1862.

Brigadier-General JONES:

SIR: I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to say that you will please move your division from the right by the rear to your left, and inform the next brigade commander (General Whiting's division) on your left when this movement will take place. It should be done with as little delay as possible, so that you can get into position before night. Direct the artillery of Toombs' brigade to remain in position until relieved by artillery of Whiting's division, either to-day or to-morrow. A brigade to protect this artillery from General Whiting's

