
division will be on the spot before General Toombs' brigade moves Anderson's brigade will relieve the Third Brigade; Whiting's division in the rear of Mrs. Price's house. At dusk two regiments of Anderson's brigade will relieve the two left regiments of Griffith's brigade near Mrs. Price's house and Dr. Garnett's respectively.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

A. G. DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PORT REPUBLIC, VA.,

June 6, 1862.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding Department of Northern Virginia:

GENERAL: My present position is such that if Shields forms a junction with Fremont by moving west he will have to do so by marching within about 2 miles of my advanced brigade or else he must return to New Market. Should my command be required at Richmond I can be at Mechanics' Run [Mechum's River?] Depot, on the Central Railroad, the second day's march, and part of the command can reach there the first day, as the distance is 25 miles. At present I do not see that I can do much more than rest my command and devote its time to drilling. My advanced brigade is about 7 miles this side of Harrisonburg. If Shield crosses the Blue Ridge, shall my entire command, or any part of it, move correspondingly?

White I rejoice at your success, yet I am grieved to hear that you are wounded.

Very respectfully, yours,

T. J. JACKSON,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, June 8, 1862.

Respectfully forwarded for information of the Secretary of War.

If General Jackson is safe in his position, and cannot undertake offensive operations, which seems to be the case, re-enforcements will be lost upon him. I have written [him] to report what he can do; to rest and refresh his men,and to be prepared to unite with the army near Richmond if called on, but not to omit to strike the enemy if it can be done successfully.

R. E. LEE,General.

RICHMOND, June 6, 1862.

General J. G. WALKER,

Drewry's Bluff, Va.:

Have you any information of the position of the enemy in the river to-day? How far down to your scouts keep observation? Has the obstruction been affected by the rise in the river?

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

