
should be kept upon the flanks of the army. The cavalry force being weak and hardly sufficient for the numerous demands upon it, it has been necessary to bring all the cavalry together as much as possible for the supposed good of the service, not from personal considerations. It must be apparent that your cavalry can be much more usefully employed where it is than it could be were it with your Legion in its present position behind the Chickahominy, where there would be no field for its operations. Though it may be on different sides of Richmond, it is in the same wing of the army as your Legion. When it is practicable, independent organizations will not be disturbed; but when a necessity arises every consideration must yield to the public interest. Should more artillery be required with General Cobb's brigade, or should there be no reason why that at present attached to it should continued with it in preference to that belonging to your Legion, I see no reason why, when practicable, an exchange should not be made. If you will make application through General Cobb it will be considered.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,June 8, 1862

Brigadier General HENRY A. WISE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: General J. E. B. Stuart is charged with all the outpost duty of the army in its present position, and for the purpose all the cavalry has been placed under his command. Special Orders, Numbers 120, of May 28, is in force. I regret that the order was not received by you previously. I am informed by Captain Mason, assistant adjutant-general with General Johnston, that it was ascertained a day or two after the issued of the order that it had not been received by you, and a special copy with a note of apology was forwarded to you by a staff officer of your command by General Johnston's direction.

I desire you to direct Colonel Davis to report to Brigadier General J. E. B. Stuart for orders, and request him, until further directed by General Stuart, to continue his pickets as now posted; to forward any information of importance to him, and at the same time to keep you informed of what is passing in your front.

Orders were given yesterday to have the bridge over James River above Wilton replaced. I was in hoped it had been accomplished.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,June 8, 1862.

General THOMAS J. JACKSON,

Commanding Army in the Valley:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 6th [addressed to General Johnston] has been received. I congratulate you upon defeating and then avoiding your enemy. Your march to Winchester has been of great advantage, and has been conducted with your accustomed skill and bold-

