
ness. I hope you will be able to rest and refresh your troops for a few days before compelled to enter upon active service. I desire you to report the probable intentions of the enemy and what steps you can take to thwart them. Should there be nothing requiring your attention in the valley, so as to prevent your leaving it for a few days, and you can make arrangements to deceive the enemy and impress him with the idea of your presence, please let me know, that you may unite at the decisive moment with the army near Richmond. Make your arrangements accordingly, but should an opportunity occur for striking the enemy a successful blow do not let it escape you.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,June 8, 1862.

Brigadier General R. RANSOM,

Commanding, &amp;c., Petersburg, Va.:

GENERAL: Your letter of June 4 is received.* I desire to reunite the regiments of your brigade, but I think the probability is that there will be more need of your whole command at Drewry's Bluff than at Petersburg. I am now expecting General Holmes to reach Petersburg with a part of his command, when the troops with you can be ordered to Drewry's Bluff to join those now at that place, where they will be nearer the probable scene of action.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS,Dabb's House, June 8, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: As far as I am able to judge, I am of the opinion that there is a sufficiency of artillery with this army, and that no more could be used to advantage. General Beauregard has already sent upward of 100 surplus pieces to his rear, after retaining what he deemed all that was requisite. Under these circumstances I respectfully suggest that the light artillery now being organized at the fair grounds near Richmond be changed to some other branch of the service, where the horses and men could be used to greater advantage. I do not think the good of the service will be at all advanced by completing their equipment as artillery.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING,Thorne's House, June 8, 1862.

Colonel CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: Major-General McLaws writes that he apprehends an attack in his immediate front, and desires that Griffith's brigade be sent to him

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

