
early to-morrow morning. I have declined sending this brigade, as both its officers and men know the ground here so well, and if the enemy attack anywhere I think it will be here. I have informed him, however, that Griffith's brigade should be sent to him if he is pressed and that brigade is not absolutely required here, and that I have suggested that Major General A. P. Hill should have orders to send him re-enforcements should he need them and if they can be spared. I do not anticipate the attack there except as a feint, however, but have the honor to request that such instructions be given Major-General Hill.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding Right Wing.

RICHMOND, VA., June 9, 1862.

Brigadier General J. G. WALKER,

Drewry's Bluff, Va.:

I presume that you have been informed by Captain Milligan that the Monitor and one gunboat are at City Point and that nine gunboats and four transports came up James River at 9 a.m. to-day. He has so telegraphed to the Department.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS, June 9, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,Secretary of War:

SIR: I received this morning a telegram from Staunton announcing a glorious victory achieved by the gallant Jackson and his troops. If confirmed it will enable him to take the offensive again. Re-enforcements will therefore be important to him. Those your ordered should go on in that event.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,June 9, 1862.

Brigadier General HENRY A. WISE,

Commanding Brigade:

GENERAL: The commanding general desires me to say that General Stuart is charged with all outpost duty of cavalry, and reports are made directly to him for direct communication to the commanding general. Your picketing, of course, under these circumstances is confined to infantry picketing to protect your front. It is designed to put Chaffin's Bluff under command of the Navy, if not already so commanded, and the attention of the authorities at Richmond has again been called to that point by the commanding general. Colonel Stuart's regiment will be assigned in orders to Garland's brigade, D. H. Hill's division, the Sixth Virginia already constituting a part of Mahone's brigade, its reunion with which will be regulated by Major General D. H. Hill. Your brigade forming a part of Hill's division, please make all

