
protection and comfort of the men. Please give me your views and the capabilities of the department to afford relief.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING,Thorne's Farm, Va., June 10, 1862.

Colonel R. H. CHILTON:

SIR: I have the honor to represent that I am informed that Major-General Longstreet is in command of all the troops on the right flank or on the Williamsburg road. As I occupy a similar position, on the Nine-mile road, to General Longstreet, I beg to be informed whether I am in command of General Whiting's as well as the troops of the right wing, regularly assigned to me. I consider it of importance to have this fairly understood. Had I so considered myself I would have taken many steps which I recommended, but did not consider myself at liberty to order.

The troops holding the ground between the Old Tavern and the railroad and those holding the positions at Mr. Garnett's and Mrs. Price's should obviously be under one commander.

I have also the honor to request to be informed if the engineers assigned to the division commanders under me are subject to my order, and if not, whether the commanding general will assign an engineer to me. I should prefer Lieutenant Douglas. Many works expected to be accomplished by me are delayed for the want of an engineer to lay them out and extend them as may be required.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding Right Wing.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,June 10, 1862.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: With regard to General Whiting's division being within your control, the commanding general desires me to say that you command does not extend beyond those of Generals McLaws' and Jones'. He thinks by continuing the system of division commanders greater harmony may be preserved throughout the army, as all questions involving differences of opinion may be referred to a common superior and promptly settled. This arrangement may be changed during an engagement, if deemed expedient at the time.

With regard to the assignment of Lieutenant Douglas, engineer Provisional Army, to your division, the general considers it necessary, in order to secure the prompt and energetic performance of all duties pertaining to that branch of the service, that engineer officers should report to Major Stens, chief engineer of this army, so as to be under the direction of one head, and consequently more available and easily reached when required for particular service.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

