
enemy's works. More force must be had to accomplish it, else the capital will fall. I have been over the ground, understand it, and the spirit of our troops. I think I know what they can do and what they cannot do. The loss of all our Southern cities is as nothing in comparison with the capture of McClellan and a rapid march northward. My deep, almost agonizing interest in this struggle must be my apology for again intruding upon your time.

Yours, truly,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

DREWRY'S BLUFF, VA.,

June 10, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

The report sent you yesterday by the signal officer at Petersburg seems to have been a mistake of his own. As soon as your dispatch reached me I sent Colonel Manning down to the mouth of the Appomattox; last night he sent me the information that there are four gunboats at Jones' Wharf, three near Turkey Island, and one small one at Bermuda Hundred. The signal dispatch sent by the lieutenant near City Point, on which Captain Milligan's report to you was based, was as follows: Monitor and one gunboat off City Point, nine gunboats up James River; all quiet on the river. There were no transports seen yesterday by my pickets or at the signal station. I have no report from that direction this morning, which I would have had if anything unusual was going on.

J. G. WALKER,

Brigadier-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS NEAR RICHMOND, VA.,

June 10, 1862.

Commanders of divisions will cause the utmost care and vigilance to be used in protecting and watching their front. They will also use every means in their power to gain all possible information of the operations of the enemy in their immediate vicinity, finding out his position, strength, and the possibility of striking him a successful blow. The advance of the enemy's working parties must be promptly arrested by our artillery and sharpshooters, each commander using his own discretion in the manner of attacking and annoying them in their approach to his position. When an effort of this kind is to be made the commander directing it will notify contiguous commanders of his intentions, that they may be ready to support him should it be necessary, and will also report to the general commanding the Army. Commanders of divisions will use every means at their command to strengthen their positions in the most perfect manner with redoubts, barricades, abatis, rifle pit, &amp;c. This will be done when positions only be but temporarily occupied. They will also cause particular attention to be paid to the health and comfort of the men under command, and endeavor to spare unnecessary discipline to be observed in their respective commands. Offenders must in all cases be arrested and made to answer for their offenses.

By order of General Lee:

A. L. LONG,

Colonel and Military Secretary.

