HEADQUARTERS, June 11, 1862.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Two brigades of General Smith's division, under General Whiting, have been selected to re-enforce temporarily General Jackson. Whiting, have been selected to re-enforce temporarily General Jackson. This will render some change in the disposition of the troops in front of the enemy necessary. I desire you to extend your command to the York River Railroad. The brigades of Generals Pender and Archer will, as soon as relieved by you, join the portion of General Smith's command under General A. P. Hill, who has been directed to take position nearer to your left. If you find it necessary for the occupation of the ground between the Nine-mile road and railroad you can withdraw from your left such portion of your troops as may be requisite as General A. P. Hill closes upon you. Make the movement quietly, if practicable consulting the comfort of the troops as well as the good of the service, which I know your good judgment will insure.

I am, general, with great esteem, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS, June 11, 1862.

Major General A. P. HILL,Brooke Road, Va.:

General Magruder has been directed to close by the right to the York River Railroad. He will probably be obliged to vacate a portion of the ground on his left, which you must occupy. The brigades of Generals Hampton, Pender, and Archer have been directed to report to you. As they are suffering from sickness I suggest that they be placed in reserve.

R. E. LEE.
HEADQUARTERS,Near Richmond, Va., June 11, 1862.

Brigadier General THOMAS J. JACKSON,

Commanding Valley District:

GENERAL: Your recent successes have been the cause of the liveliest joy in this army as well as in the country. The admiration excited by your skill and boldness has been constantly mingled with solicitude for your situation. The practicability of re-enforcing you has been the subject of earnest consideration. It has been determined to do so at the expense of weakening this army. Brigadier-General Lawton with six regiments from Georgia is on the way to you, and Brigadier-General Whiting with eight veteran regiments leaves here to-day. The object is to enable you to crush the forces opposed to you. Leave your enfeebled troops to watch the country and guard the passes covered by your cavalry and artillery, and with your main body, including Ewell's division and Lawton's and Whiting's commands, move rapidly to Ashland by rail or otherwise, as you may find most advantageous, and sweep down between the Chickahominy and Pamunkey, cutting up the enemy's communications, &c., while this army attacks General McClellan in front. He will thus, I think, be forced to come out of his intrenchments, where he is strongly posted on the Chickahominy, and apparently pre-

