
compelled to move the troops from my left flank, fronting on the Chickahominy, where the enemy have built bridges and require to be constantly watched in force. In order to carry out the orders of General Lee, directing me to relieve General Whiting's troops and to fill up the dangerous vacancy on my left, caused by the withdrawal of my troops, I have ordered Generals Pender and Archer to occupy this vacancy as soon as relieved from their present position and report to you by letter. It will require all my command to hold the line from the Chickahominy about Mrs. Price's house across the railroad. General Lee writes that you have been directed to take position more to my left. You will perceive the necessity of closing well up to my line. There are many necessary defensive works in progress on the line where your troops will replace mine.

I am, sir, &amp;c.,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding Right Wing.

CAMP ON VARINA ROADS,

June 11, 1862.

Major-General HILL,

Commanding Third Division, &c.:

GENERAL: I am notified that the Fifty-sixth Regiment Virginia Volunteers, now under Major Slaughter, is ordered to report to Brigadier-General Garland, and the Sixth, under Colonel Rogers, alone is left at Chaffin's Bluff. This reduces the forces for the defense of the batteries on the north side of James River to a very small and inadequate number. The enemy on the Long Bridge road seem to be advancing and a number of gunboats and transports, from five to ten at various times, are lying just below Varina, landing from time to time in small parties, and threatening to land in force. I ask that the four companies belonging to the fourth regiment of my brigade, three from Brigadier-General Rodes' brigade, and one from Drewry's Bluff may be ordered to join their regiments immediately. The whole of my cavalry has been detached and put under orders of General Stuart. Our men are suffering from the rains and want of tents.

Very respectfully,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement Numbers 1.]

The force with General Rodes was ordered three days ago to join General Wise. By desertion and general worthlessness it has been reduced to about 80 men.

D. H. HILL.

[Indorsement Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,June 11, 1862.

Respectfully returned to General D. H. Hill to ascertain if his orders have been carried out by the three heavy artillery companies, Goode's regiment, and reasons for not reporting to General Wise.

By order of General R. E. Lee:

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

