
in view of the great and absolute necessity of preventing his advance by either of these roads.

Major General D. H. Hill, who is with me now, says that he does not consider Mahone's brigade on the Charles City road as necessary. He placed him there himself, having no other convenient place for him.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding Right Wing.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Numbers 130. June 11, 1862.

I. Brigadier General William H. C. Whiting, with two brigades of Smith's division, to be selected by himself, will, as soon as practicable, report to General T. J. Jackson, commanding Army of the Valley. The troops with three days' cooked rations, will march to the Danville Railroad station in Richmond, where cars will be in readiness for their transportation. General Whiting will, in addition, select two batteries of Smith's division to accompany him if transportation can be obtained. Should the means of land transportation with General Jackson be in sufficient to meet the wants of this command, such as may be necessary will proceed hence to Charlottesville, and thence proceed as directed. This command, being detached for temporary and special service, will move in lightest marching order.

* * * * * *

By command of General Lee:

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,June 12, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General:

GENERAL: Some days since Colonel Pate, who is the command a battalion or regiment of cavalry, was to have reported here for duty with such companies as were organized, without regard to those in course of organization. The cavalry companies are greatly needed, and even where not fully armed can be usefully employed in replacing couriers of instructed regiments. The general commanding desires me to ask of you to cause Colonel Pate to report here without further delay with all of the companies which have been organized.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING,Thorne's, Va., June 12, 1862.

Major-General McLAWS:

SIR: I am directed by Major-General Magruder to say to you that you will arrange your troops along the line from the railroad to the Nine-mile road in such a manner as your judgment may direct as most

