
suitable for defense, using for this purpose such artificial defenses already constructed or commenced as in your discretion may seem proper. In carrying out the orders of General Lee it will be necessary to maintain very nearly a line resting on the railroad so as to support or cover the batteries being constructed there, with your right resting on the railroad and your left on the traverses near Mrs. Price's and to the left of the Nine-mile road. You will dispose of your troops on the intermediate line as you may deem proper and to the best advantage.

I am further directed to ask you to report to these headquarters the final disposition you may make of the troops. In any arrangement that you may make you are directed to keep your pickets as well advanced to the front as they are at present, and to retain not less than a regiment in support of them, and the artillery in or near the artillery epaulement most advanced on the Nine-mile road.

I am, general, very respectfully,

J. L. BRENT,

Major and Acting Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING,Thorne's House, Va., June 12, 1862.

Major-General McLAWS:

GENERAL: I am directed by Major-General Magruder to instruct you to fortify the line you may select between the flanks and a point indicated to you in a former communication as rapidly as possible. The artificial defenses already constructed will be used or improved by you when deemed advisable, and additional intrenchments will be made by you, using for that purpose such tools as you may have or be able to procure. You will use your own judgment in strengthening your position, as no engineer can be furnished you in addition to the one you have, in case you should have one assigned you.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. L. BRENT,

Major and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

HEADQUARTERS, June 12, 1862.

Major General D. H. HILL:

GENERAL: Please move one of your brigades to the pine wood where General Ripley's has been and relieve his till to-morrow.

I send you the best affairs that we can get up for Williamsburg and the Seven Pines. I only send you two "Williamsburg," one for the Fifth North Carolina and one for the Twenty-fourth Virginia. If there are others entitled to it send up for others.

I send enough of the Seven Pines for your troops, but think that neither of the regiments that left the battle-field have the slightest claim to it nor the regiment that lost its colors. Properly, it is not even entitled to colors.

We must endeavor to have this thing select, or it will be of no service. Any regiment that goes through the battle creditably I think entitled to the inscription; but I hold that no regiment goes through creditably when it leaves the field before the fight is over; particularly when repeated efforts have to be made to get it back upon the field.

