
I have spoken in strong terms about this, because I am entirely satisfied that it is just.

Most respectfully,

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Major-General, Commanding.

No regiment of mine can ever have the name of battle upon its banners if it quits the field before the battle is ended.
HEADQUARTERS, June 12, 1862.

Major General D. H. HILL,Commanding Division:

GENERAL: Yours of this morning is received. If you think that the Twenty-third North Carolina and Thirty-eighth Virginia deserve "Williamsburg" I think so too. My own impressions were taken from what I heard, not what I saw. I did not therefore venture an opinion on the subject.

I would like to compare rear guard and picket service with you. However, that has nothing to do with the question. My division has been put back as the reserve, and I do not think that I have the right to use it without the authority of the general. It is not the place that I ever expected my command to occupy, and should never have thought of seeking it. I don't think that I have ever complained of having more to do than any one else, but am entirely willing to compare with any other troops. I have had the same troops for a year. No one has been ahead of me in moving to the front since Manassas. Our travel has been on foot wherever we have gone, except from Richmond to Yorktown. I was rear guard from Falls Church to Fairfax Court-House; again from Fairfax Court-House to Centreville; again from Centreville to Culpeper Court-House; again from Yorktown.

Picket duty every one has had to do, and I presume that I have done more of it than any other person, as I have been months at a time in advance of every one else-just after Manassas up to October.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS LIGHT DIVISION,June 12, 1862.

Brigadier General L. O'B. BRANCH:

GENERAL: Move your command this morning. Leave two companies on picket to show themselves occasionally.

Either I or my staff will point out your camp to you. Take especial paints to prevent depredations on private property.

Yours,

A. P. HILL,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 135. Richmond, Va., June 12, 1862.

* * * * * * *

XVIII. Commander T. J. Page, C. S. Navy, having been appointed colonel of artillery, Provisional Army, and having reported for duty to

