
to rejoin its brigade. The commanding general desires that arrangements may be made to support Chaffin's Bluff battery with General Wise's brigade.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTH VIRGINIA,June 15, 1862.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: General Lee desires me to inform you that, in compliance with the wish you expressed a few days since, Lieutenant Colonel S. D. Lee is temporarily assigned to duty with the artillery now operating with the troops under your command.

It is not the intention of the commanding general to remove Colonel Lee permanently from the division with which he was formerly serving.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING,Thorne's Va., June 15, 1862.

Colonel R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: Some time since I reported to the commanding general that I considered the forces of Major-General McLaws alone inadequate to securely hold their present position, which in my opinion was only securely held by General Whiting's division, which numbers several thousand more than Major-General McLaws', and consequently suggested that another brigade be ordered to strengthen this line. In my letter I indicated Brigadier-General Mahone's brigade because I understood from Major General D. H. Hill that that brigade was placed on the Charles City road on observation and that it had been definitely ascertained that the enemy was not [in] force or threatening us on that road, which seems to be confirmed by the late reconnaissance of General Stuart. Further observation has strengthened me in the belief that another brigade is necessary for the proper defense of the position I hold, and as I have never received an answer to my former letter, I have the honor to present the matter again for the information of the commanding general.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding Right Wing.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION,June 15, 1862.

Major BRYAN, Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR:

* * * * * *

I respectfully request that the relief of General Toombs' brigade be drawn from the brigade to the left. General Gregg, whose position

