
has been so strengthened by redoubts that the force to defend it is not required as large as heretofore, and General Gregg has a force considerably larger than General Kershaw has. By allowing General Griffith to join his proper command much confusion, dissatisfaction, and annoyance will be avoided and the service be benefitted to that extent at least.

Very respectfully,

L. McLAWS,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

Brigadier-General Toombs' brigade having occupied an exposed position without relief for mine days, and it having been reported to me that the men are even annoyed with vermin, I regard it as necessary that it should be relieved and should hold a reserve position for some time. As General Jones' other brigade was engaged in holding the positions at Mrs. Price's and Mr. James Garnett's, I had directed General McLaws to relieve General Toombs' brigade by a brigade from his division, but in reply to this order I received the within communication from General McLaws. If it be practicable I have the honor to recommend that General Gregg be ordered to relieve Colonel Anderson's brigade, in order that the latter brigade may relieve General Toombs. I have the honor to recommend that this course be pursued; but as General Gregg does not belong to my command it will be necessary for an order to proceed from the Headquarters of the Army to accomplish this purpose. If, however, the brigade from the Charles City road be ordered over it will supersede the necessity of ordering General Gregg's brigade to relieve Colonel Anderson.

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, June 15, 1862.

General Ripley has been ordered forward to attack the enemy's outposts. Heintzelman is in our front and will probably give battle. See that your men have canteens; haversacks filled with cooked provisions, if possible. Rains' brigade will lead the advance in this division and this brigade next. Keep your men in the shade, but under arms, ready to move when the order comes. The order of march will be: Fifth Alabama, Twelfth Alabama, Sixth Alabama, and Twelfth Mississippi on left.

J. B. GORDON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, June 16, 1862.

Major General A. P. HILL, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I inclose herewith Surgeon De Leon's report* respecting the sick of Hood's and Whiting's brigades, which went with Major-General Whiting. As these brigades constitute a part of your division,
---------------

*Not found.

---------------

