
pickets extend down the river about 2 miles. The three thin regiments I have can't do double duty at points from 2 to 4 or 5 miles apart. I will send you a condensed report in a day or two in full, but can now report in brief my whole force to be, both infantry and artillery, 117 officers and 1,543 non-commissioned officers and privates present. Of these, 364 are on the sick list in camp, leaving a fighting force of 1,296.

We have been expecting the enemy every day; were called out in the pouring rain yesterday evening to meet him, and to-day he is shelling the river sides heavily below us about Curl's Neck. Rifle pits or not, we will fight him when he comes, and will watch him and work all we can all the time.

We received the countersigns to-day.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement Numbers 1.]

The letter of General Wise is respectfully referred to General Lee, that General Wise may receive definite orders.

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

[Indorsement Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS, June 17, 1862.

The post at Chaffin's Bluff is under the command of Captain Page, of the Navy, who commands the batteries and men that man them. The engineers are engaged in its construction. The Fifty-sixth and Sixth Virginia Regiments were ordered to Chaffin's Bluff as a supporting force when the position was first occupied. They have now been ordered to their respective brigades, as it is considered advisable to keep brigades united, if practicable. General Wise being on the extreme right, it is desired that his brigade should become the supporting force of the battery, for which purpose, if more advantageous, it is suggested that he take position on the line established by Major Stevens, chief engineer, for occupation by the troops. He could then strengthen his position by rifle pits, &amp;c., as designed by the engineers. His brigade pickets need only extend in his front as far as may be deemed necessary, the advanced positions being held by the cavalry. Major Stevens will be desired to designate to General Wise the line of defense, and General Stuart to give directions to the cavalry pickets.

Respectfully referred to General D. H. Hill to give proper instructions.

R. E. LEE,General.
HEADQUARTERS, June 17, 1862.

General D. H. HILL,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: According to my papers you now have eight North Carolina regiments, or two brigades. The one regiment (892 men) you speak of is as large as some of my brigades. This, with the other two regiments of 200 each, will go considerably above most of my brigades. Now, if you will give him one of your other regiments I think his brigade will be quite a respectable one. To call a brigade of 1,600 small-

