
I think it quite respectable for these times. I cannot promise another regiment. I don't think that more than four should be in a brigade, unless they are exceedingly small.

Most respectfully,

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Major-General, Commanding.

Nothing from the War Department yet.
HEADQUARTERS, June 17, 1862.

Major General D. H. HILL,GENERAL: I inclose the order detaching General Rains. Please assign General G. B. Anderson to the command of Rains' brigade, or, if you like better, transfer the Twenty-fourth Virginia to that brigade, and send Garland to it and Anderson to the brigade now commanded by Garland.

Most respectfully,

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Major-General, Commanding.

I have ordered another North Carolina regiment to you to-day.

[Inclosure.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Numbers 135. June 16, 1862.

* * * * * *

VI. Brigadier General G. J. Rains is detached from his brigade, and will report to the commanding general for orders.

* * * * * *

By command of General R. E. Lee:

A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING, Army before Richmond, June 17, 1862.

SOLDIERS: You have marched out to fight the battles of your country, and by those battles you must be rescued from the shame of slavery. Your foes have declared their purpose of bringing you to beggary; and avarice, their natural characteristic, incites them to redoubled efforts for the conquest of the South, in order that they may seize her sunny fields and happy homes. Already has the hatred of one of their great leaders attempted to make the negro your equal by declaring his freedom. They care not for the blood of babes nor carnage of innocent women which servile insurrection thus stirred up may bring upon their heads. Worse than this, the North has sent forth another infamous chief, encouraging the lust of his hirelings to the dishonor and violation of those Southern women who have so untiringly labored to clothe our soldiers in the field and nurse our sick and wounded. If ever men were called upon to defend the beloved daughters of their

