
country, that now is our duty. Let such thoughts nerve you up to the most dreadful shock of battle; for were it certain death, death would be better than the fate that defeat would entail upon us all. But remember, though the fiery noise of battle is indeed most terrifying, and seems to threaten universal ruin, it is not so destructive as it seems, and few soldiers after all are slain. This the commanding general desires particularly to impress upon the fresh and inexperienced troops who now constitute a part of this command. Let officers and men, even under the most formidable fire, preserve a quiet demeanor and self-possessed temper. Keep cool, obey orders, and aim low. Remember while you are doing this, and driving the enemy before you, your comrades may be relied on to support you on either side, and are in turn relying upon you.

Stand well to your duty, and when these clouds break away, as they surely will, the bright sunlight of peace falling upon our free, virtuous, and happy land will be a sufficient reward for the sacrifices which we are now called upon to make.

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, June 17, 1862.

General J. E. B. STUART,Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: I am directed by General Lee to say to you that he desires you to establish cavalry pickets in front of the position to be occupied by General Wise near Chaffin's Bluff. General Wise's command is to be established for the protection of the batteries at Chaffin's Bluff, and will be drawn closer to that point than he now is. The general wishes that position covered by cavalry pickets, with instructions to report any movement of the enemy bearing in that direction to General Wise. Major Stevens, Engineers, has been directed to designate General Wise's line of defense. This will guide you in the location of your pickets.

The general also desires that you will direct all scouts or pickets to report to the nearest brigadier-general anything of importance that may occur in his vicinity.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. LONG,

Colonel and Military Secretary.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, June 17, 1862.

Major W. H. STEVENS,Chief of Engineers, Department of Northern Virginia:

MAJOR: I am directed by General Lee to inform you that he desires you to have indicated to General Wise his line of defense in the neighborhood of Chaffin's Bluff as soon as possible, that he may proceed at once with the necessary works to secure his position. He wishes you to send an engineer to lay out the works and establish points for batteries, &amp;c.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. LONG,

Colonel and Military Secretary.

