
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING,

Numbers 30. Thorne's House, June 17, 1862.

I. Lieutenant Colonel Stephen D. Lee is appointed acting chief of artillery for this command, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

All companies not attached to brigades will report to Colonel Lee at once.

By command of Major-General Magruder:

HENRY BRYAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Dabb's House, June 18, 1862.

Major General T. H. HOLMES,Commanding, &amp;c., Goldsborough, N. C.:

GENERAL: By information received direct from Norfolk it is ascertained that at a "council of war," held at Fort Monroe a short time since, General McClellan expressed an inability to take Richmond without the co-operation of General Burnside, and that the force of the latter should advance by way of James River, landing and taking the batteries at Drewry's Bluff in rear, the gunboats being unable to reduce them. It is also ascertained that General Burnside has re-enforced McClellan with 14,000 men. This is reported from several different sources; in one instance the language is, "embarked at Norfolk with 14,000 men" and proceeded to join McClellan. It may be that his troops were transported to Norfolk through the canal. All reports, however, agree that he has formed a junction with the army under McClellan. In event of Burnside's ascending James River it will be necessary for you to oppose him with your whole force, and it was with this view that I desired you to concentrate at or near Petersburg, so as to have your command available to move speedily to the threatened point.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING, June 18, 1862.

Colonel STEPHEN D. LEE:

SIR: If an attack is made on the position in front or in force upon the pickets, place such batteries of light artillery in the field as you may think best. This will be your warrant to call on General McLaws or General Jones for such infantry supports as you may think are needed. You will be guided in this case by the nearness of the infantry to the scene of action.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding Right Wing.

