HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING, Thorne's House, Va., June 18, 1862.

Major-General McLAWS:

SIR: I send you the within note* through Colonel Chilton from General Longstreet. I send the Charles City Cavalry to report to you if the pickets are attacked at James Garnett's. General Jones has been ordered to support them with Toombs' brigade. You are authorized to use the cavalry sent to you, with such infantry as you may think proper (I would suggest at least a brigade), to feel and observe the enemy on the right of the Nine-mile road. You need not wait for the cavalry, as they are now on other duty near here. Keep your troops under arms and ready in the mean time. The cavalry will be sent as soon as possible. Take command until I arrive if there is anything serious. Though quite sick, I will be on the ground if anything of importance takes place.

Respectfully,J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding Right Wing.
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING, Thorne's House, Va., June 18, 1862.

Brigadier General D. R. JONES:

GENERAL: Should the pickets at Garnett's be seriously attacked you will support them by Brigadier-General Toombs' brigade, and if they are not in convenient positions you will send two regiments of Anderson's brigade at once to their support until Toombs' brigade can get into position so as to support them. If this is not enough, let Major-General McLaws know, so that he may order to their support Griffith's brigade. Toomb's brigade, however, should precede Griffith'a brigade into the fight.

Respectfully,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Commanding Right Wing.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 140. Richmond, Va., June 18, 1862.

* * * * * *

XII. Brigadier General G. J. Rains assigned to the charge of the submarine defenses of the James and Appomattox Rivers. General commanding troops on the said rivers will assist him in this operations as far as practicable by details of men or otherwise, and the Engineer and Ordnance Bureaus and the Quartermaster-General will also furnish him assistance.

XIII. Brigadier General William N. Pendleton, Colonel T. S. Rhett, and Lieutenant Colonel J. C. Shields will constitute a board to inquire into the efficiency of the unattached heavy artillery companies in the works around Richmond and the competency and qualifications of the officers; to report which of the said companies should be retained and organized into battalions, and which of the said companies should be disbanded and incorporated into the retained companies aforesaid; and also to in-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

