
quire and to report which of the light artillery companies in the said works and around Richmond, awaiting the completion of their equipment, shall be retained and equipped, and which shall be disbanded and incorporated into existing light artillery companies.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNumbers WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Numbers 137. June 18, 1862.

* * * * * *

II. The battalion of Washington Artillery is assigned to duty with Major General J. Longstreet, to whom Colonel Walton, in command of the battalion, will report for duty. Brigadier-General Pendleton will assign a battery to serve with General Toombs' brigade.

* * * * * *

By command of General Lee.

A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, June 19, 1862.

The Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

SIR: I have directed General Blanchard's release from duty and recommended General Huger's orders to be issued from the Adjutant and Inspector General's Office. I think it probable that the 60,000 men are intended for McClellan, and will be drawn from Halleck. Bragg ought immediately to advance. General E. K. Smith writes that Halleck is sending re-enforcements to East Tennessee.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS, June 21, 1862.

Major General D. H. HILL,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: Your note is received. Wilcox's position is, as you say, the strong position on the C. C. road, and ought to be fixed; but I have not the means to work with at present. General Huger has charge of the front line, and the suggestions that you make have been made to him repeatedly, and his promise to arrange his right has been made.

Skirmishing is going on in front at this time-the enemy trying to get a new position to fortify. Be ready in case you hear anything brisk in front or if you get a message from Huger, who is in front, and give me timely notice of any move. Relieve Ripley with another brigade whenever you think proper, but order the men not to load their guns until it is necessary.

Most respectfully,

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Major-General, Commanding.

39 R R-VOL XI, PT III

