HEADQUARTERS, Dabb's House, Va., June 21, 1862.

Honorable S. R. MALLORY,Secretary of the Navy, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have been informed by Colonel Gorgas that the railroad battery will be ready for service to-morrow. Inasmuch as this battery has been constructed by the Navy, I would be pleased if you assigned an officer and a requisite number of men to take charge of and operate it. If you desire to do so, I request that you will designate the officer at once, as I wish to place the battery in position to-morrow. I am very much obliged to you for your kindness as well as promptness in its construction.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE.
HEADQUARTERS, June 21, 1862.

Major General T. H. HOLMES,Commanding Department between James and Cape Fear Rivers:

GENERAL: I congratulate you upon the arrival of your troops at Petersburg. Your command has been extended from the Cape Fear to the James River, and I desire you to take charge of the military operations in the whole department. Your headquarters will be established where most convenient. It is difficult to say what may be the course adopted by the enemy, but I think he will endeavor to break up the batteries at Drewry's and Chaffin's Bluffs to let his gunboats up to Richmond. Should he attempt this on the south side, you will of course resist it with all the force in your department. Should he attempt it on the north side of James River, you may be able to re-enforce the army on this side.

I am very anxious to get the assistance of Ransom's brigade in the operations of next week. Could you prepare it, and should there be no movement on your side of the river send it, with light baggage, for temporary service. I will telegraph you as to the time, and think it will be about Tuesday. It can either come by rail, or, if you place it near Drewry's, it might cross on the pontoon bridge.

I have explained to General Ransom Burnside's movements and probable intentions, and have requested him to give you the information.

I am, with high esteem, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS, Dabb's House, near Richmond, Va., June 21, 1862.

Brigadier General JOSEPH FINEGAN,Commanding, &amp;c., Tallahassee, Fla.:

GENERAL: Your letter of May 21,* including return of troops in Florida, to Adjutant-General Cooper has been referred to General Lee, who directs me to say that he is much pleased at the number of troops which you have organized in Florida, and to express his regret that

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

