
they are not all armed, so that he might at once follow your suggestion and withdraw all save the number which you deem sufficient for the defense of Florida. In their present condition, however, after deducting the 2,500 which you think should be retained, there will be left but one regiment of armed men. If this can be spared he would like to have it here. More than this he does not think can be spared, nor does he think it would be safe to remove you from your present department, where you have already rendered such efficient service.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

DREWRY'S BLUFF, VA., June 21, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

Four rifle field pieces of French's battery and a company of the Third Arkansas Volunteers, as sharpshooters, all under command of Colonel Manning, had a spirited affair yesterday afternoon with one of the enemy's side-wheel wooden gunboats. One of her guns was dismounted and her crew of sharpshooters driven below with some loss. She made her escape with one wheel. This took place at Gill's Bluff, 10 miles below.

J. G. WALKER,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Numbers 140. June 21, 1862.

* * * * * *

VII. The department of Major General T. H. Holmes is hereby extended to the south bank of the James River, including Drewry's Bluff. He will establish his headquarters at Petersburg or at such other point as he may deem more convenient.

* * * * * *

By command of General Lee:

[A. P. MASON,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,

Numbers 70. Dabb's House, June 21, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel James L. Corley is hereby announced as chief of the quartermaster's department of this army, and is charged with the control and direction of all of its operations. All quartermasters connected with the army excepting those of brigades and regiments will report with whom they are serving and the condition of their respective charges.

By command of General Lee:

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

