HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING, Thorne's, Va., June 22, 1862.

Colonel R. H. CHILTON,Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: In answer to your inquiry as to the position of the several brigades of Major-General McLaws, I have the honor to state that they occupy a line from the small fort in the field on the left of the Nine-mile road to the railroad, Griffith's brigade occupying that portion of it on the left of the road (a few hundred yards in extent) by my order, so as to afford relief necessary to Toombs' brigade, so long in front. The other three brigades of Major-General McLaws' division occupy the line from the Nine-mile road to the railroad. As the relative positions of these three last-mentioned brigades are changed at the discretion of Major-General McLaws I have sent your letter to him for information, so as to enable me to give you the precise statement as to them.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

FREDERICK'S HALL, June 22, 1862.

General R. S. EWELL:

Move all your command to-morrow morning to Beaver Dam, with Cunningham's, if cars enough. Your baggage train must reach Beaver Dam to-morrow night.

Acknowledge receipt at once.

By order:

R. L. DABNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,

Numbers 71. June 22, 1862.

1. Under present disposition of troops Major General J. Longstreet is charged with the military movements and operations of his own and Major General D. H. Hill's division. Major General J. B. Magruder those of his division, to be composed of Cobb's and Griffith's brigades and the divisions commanded by Major General McLaws and Brigadier General D. R. Jones-Semmes' and Kershaw's brigades constituting McLaws' division and Toombs' and Anderson's, Jones'. All division commanders, respectively, will regulate the internal arrangements of each with regard to supplies and details, making their requisitions upon the proper departments.

2. No leaves of absence will be granted to officers except from these headquarters.

3. By arrangement with the enemy, medical officers of either side will be regarded as non-combatants, and free from capture when engaged in attending the sick or wounded.

4. The artillery of the army is necessarily so extensively diffused that it becomes essential for its due efficiency there should be in its administration rigid system.

5. The chief of artillery in each division will have charge of all the batteries thereto attached, whether acting with brigades or held in reserve. A battery duly assigned to a brigade will, until properly re-

