
lieved, report to and be controlled by the brigade commander. It must also, however, report to and be inspected by the division chief of artillery, as he may require. When a brigade battery needs relief it will, when practicable, be made to change with one of those belonging to the division reserve. Should this be impracticable, application, authorized by the division commander, must be made to the army chief of artillery for temporary relief from the general reserve.

6. The army chief of artillery will have general charge of that branch of service and special direction of the general reserve. He will, under instructions from the commanding general, see that the batteries are kept in as efficient a condition as practicable, and so distributed as to promise the best results. To this end he will require from the several chiefs of artillery weekly returns, exhibiting the condition of each battery and where it is serving. He will also make to the commanding general a tri-monthly report of his entire charge.

By command of General Lee:

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, June 23, 1862.

Major General T. H. HOLMES,Commanding, &amp;c., Petersburg, Va.:

GENERAL: Unless some movement of the enemy on the south side of James River is apparent or threatening against your position at Petersburg or the battery at Drewry's Bluff, which will require the aid of General Ransom's brigade to oppose, I desire you to send him, with the effective force of his brigade, to report to me on Wednesday morning next, 25th instant, prepared for service. He will come with light baggage and one days' cooked provisions in haversacks. You can retain the artillery attached to his brigade if you think proper. The best route will be by cars to Richmond, where at the railroad depot he will receive orders. He will inform me by telegraph at what time he leaves Petersburg. I understand that a part of the brigade is at Drewry's Bluff which is embraced in this order. These latter can come by rail, steamer, or march across the pontoon bridge, as you may deem best.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

JUNE 23, 1862.

Major General D. H. HILL:

GENERAL: I will send at once the papers to General Mahone; I believe the regiments referred to in the papers are of Mahone's command. The firing last night was in front of Mahone, the particulars of which I have not learned. He wrote me about 1.30 a. m. (this morning), asking that I permit one of my regiments to remain to-day on picket with him. In his note he stated that he had nothing important to communicate, and as the firing was about 9 o'clock last night, I presume it was some false alarm to absurd firing among the pickets.

I rode down the road little before sundown yesterday evening; did not see Mahone; he was out with or in front of his pickets. I was told

