
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, June 24, 1862.

Respectfully referred to Major E. P. Alexander, chief of ordnance. General commanding desires that you will arrange to get this battery down to-night or early in the morning, and get an officer and detail to man it. It may be that General Huger can give you an instructed party; otherwise it must come from Colonel Rhett.

By order of General Lee:

R. H. CHILTON,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS LIGHT DIVISION,

Numbers --. June 24, 1862.

Brigade commanders will direct their commissaries to-morrow (Wednesday) to draw two days' rations (hard bread), to be issued, cooked, and put in haversacks.

Each brigadier will select one battery for service, the captain of which will provide himself with two days' forage, to be hauled in the company wagon. The remaining batteries will be left in position and those in reserve put in position.

Where it can be done, brigade commanders are directed to take with their batteries at least six teams of spare horses and drivers (from the remaining battery of the brigade).

No wagons will be taken along except one for each regiment and battery for ammunition and the wagons mentioned for forage.

Knapsacks will be left behind in camp with the sick-artillery as well as infantry-the men taking but one blanket.

The infirmary corps of two men and one non-commissioned officer from each company, the men without arms, under charge of a lieutenant from each regiment, will be detailed and ordered to report to regimental surgeons.

Brigade surgeons will call upon Surgeon Watson at 5 o'clock p. m. to-morrow at these headquarters for badges.

All men on extra or daily duty in and around the camps who can be possibly spared must take their place in ranks.

Brigade commanders are urged to see that their men are in good fighting condition.

These orders are precautionary and, as far as they can be, confidential.

Orders of movement will be issued to-morrow evening.

A. P. HILL,

Major-General.

Acknowledge receipt.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 145. Richmond, Va., June 24, 1862.

* * * * * * *

XII. The light artillery battalions of Major Boggs and Major Moore will report for duty to Lieutenant Colonel J. C. Shields.

* * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNumbers WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

