
communicated with you or re-enforced you? Keep him advised of your movement.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

DREWRY'S BLUFF, VA., June 27, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH:

The enemy's gunboats drove off our battery and pickets at Point of Rocks. They landed a small force this morning at City Point. I have sent a regiment to defend the barricade below Petersburg, and I think one had better be sent back to have an eye on City Point, which will leave two disposable for Drewry's Bluff or the field, as you think best. Please answer.

TH. H. HOLMES,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, VA., June 27, 1862.

Major General T. H. HOLMES,

Petersburg, Va.:

I don't understand what you mean by "sending a regiment back." Do you mean to send it to Drewry's Bluff? We wish all the force we can get in the field, and it will not be advisable to send troops away from Drewry's Bluff. From that post they can readily re-enforce General Huger. You had better dispose of your force at Petersburg for the protection of the road from City Point.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING, June 27, 1862-1.15 p. m.

Major-General McLAWS:

GENERAL: Major-General Magruder instructs me to inform you that he only ordered that there should be two regiments in your front; one which you yourself placed there, if he is correctly informed, and one ordered by himself. Since leaving you this morning one of these (of Kershaw's brigade) it was desirable should be on the left of the swamp. Upon you representing to Major Brent that this would weaken you too much, I sent you a written communication telling you to retain the regiment in the position previously agreed upon. The protest which you sent against General Magruder's attempt to execute General Lee's orders will be forwarded to that officer.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,HENRY BRYAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING, June 27, 1862-5.30 p. m.

Major-General McLAWS:

SIR: I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to direct you to

