
PETERSBURG, VA., June 28, 1862.

The SECRETARY OF WAR:

I shall go at once to Drewry's Bluff, where there are three regiments and three batteries. Please let instructions meet me there by 12 o'clock to-night.

TH. H. HOLMES,

Major-General.

PETERSBURG, VA., June 28, 1862.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

The enemy's gunboats have disappeared from neighborhood of Petersburg. Do you want me with Daniel's brigade?

TH. H. HOLMES,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

It would seem best for General Holmes to move up with his force to the bridge at Warwick's Bar; or if there be any difficulty about transportation from railroad to bridge he had better come to Richmond.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

PETERSBURG, VA., June 28, 1862-9 a. m.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

The enemy have suddenly and unexpectedly left the Appomattox. Just received the following dispatch by signals from Cobb's Station, below Port Walthall, viz:

The gunboats opposite our station aground set on fire and abandoned by the enemy. Monitor has gone; all the gunboats are following toward City Point.

Your obedient servant,

J. F. MILLIGAN,

Captain and Signal Officer.

HDQRS. SEVENTH SOUTH CAROLINA REGIMENT, June 28, 1862.

Captain C. R. HOLMES,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: In reply to the inquiry sent me from brigade headquarters relative to the direction taken by my regiment yesterday in the "feel," as ordered by the general, I beg leave to state that the order issued to Colonel Nance and myself to "feel" the enemy in the morning was countermanded just about the time we were prepared to advance. I was then ordered to report to Colonel Barksdale, on the Nine-mile road, as a support to him in the event of his being driven back by the enemy. I did so, and had scarcely taken my position as his support when orders came again that "the regiment from Kershaw's brigade must form on the right of Barksdale's regiment and advance in line with Barksdale's." We formed in line of battle, prepared to advance, when another order came that we should advance in just such a line as would have thrown

