
us parallel to the Nine-mile road, and evidently in a direction perpendicular to the line of battle as formed by General Anderson on our left. Colonel Barksdale then formed his line of battle at his own discretion, perpendicular, or nearly so, to the Nine-mile road, and parallel to our line of pickets. I formed immediately upon his right, and we were again about advancing (much time having been consumed in determining our proper line of battle) when Colonel Henagan appeared on the field and required me to report to him on the position which had been assigned me in the morning when ordered to feel the enemy in conjunction with Colonel Nance. Some consultation with Colonel Barksdale was then necessary, because the direction in which Colonel Henagan and myself would presently advance would be at right angles almost to the line of advance as established by Colonel Barksdale, his line being a prolongation of General Anderson's line. These irregularities in the various lines of battle can be explained in a few words by assuming points of the compass. General Anderson's pickets are stationed in a line running perhaps northeast and southwest. The picket line in front of Colonel Barksdale runs more northward and southward, and just up on his right changes again almost due south. In front of the left of my regiment, as finally drawn up in line of battle with Colonel Henagan, the line of pickets runs east and west, while in front of Colonel Henagan's right the line was nearly north and south; consequently the line of advance formed by Colonel Henagan and myself was nearly north and south, while that of Colonel Barksdale was perhaps northeast and southwest. I was on the left of Colonel Henagan, and my left about 300 yards from Colonel Barksdale's right. Had Colonel Barksdale's force and our force advanced to the redoubt in front of Colonel Henagan's advancing line, we might perhaps have met the enemy on the west side of the redoubt, while Colonel Barksdale would have passed to the eastward entirely, our point of convergence being perhaps beyond the enemy's breastworks.

I trust I have made myself intelligible.

Respectfully,

D. WYATT AIKEN,

Colonel Seventh South Carolina Regiment.

CAMP HOVEE, HDQRS. EIGHTH S. C. REGIMENT, June 28, 1862.

General KERSHAW:

In obedience to orders I proceeded on yesterday, 27th instant, to the rear of General Semmes' picket. Not finding Colonel Aiken's regiment there, as I had supposed-I was informed that he had reported to Colonel Barksdale, in rear of General Cobb's picket-I ordered his regiment to march to the rear of General Semmes' picket, and placing his right about the center of the picket, I then formed my regiment on the right of his, my right resting in about 200 yards of the railroad. I then deployed the rifle companies of the two regiments in front, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Bland. I then gave the order to advance. The skirmishers had not advanced more than 80 yards from our picket line before they were fired upon by the enemy, which was returned promptly. We continued to advance, driving the enemy before us. We halted in about 100 yards of the open field in front of us, deeming it imprudent to advance any farther on account of the enemy throwing quantities of grape, canister, and shell in the woods. One of their batteries appeared to be near the

