
railroad, which would have swept my ranks had I proceeded farther. The enemy appeared to be in considerable force. I could hear them cheering down the line, though but few were seen by us. Colonel Aiken had 1 man killed and 3 wounded. No casualties in the Eighth.

Very respectfully,

JOHN W. HENAGAN,

Colonel Eighth South Carolina Regiment.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, June 29, 1862.

Major-General MAGRUDER:

SIR: My line is formed to the left and somewhat to the front of General Cobb. The enemy seem to be in large force in front of my right, and are or have moved a little to their right. I do not think it prudent for me to attack him with my small force unless there be a simultaneous attack all along our lines. I will keep a good lookout on my left. I had hoped that Jackson would have co-operated with me on my left, but he sends me word that he cannot, as he has other important duty to perform.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,D. R. JONES,

Brigadier-General.

PETERSBURG, VA., June 30, 1862-9 a. m.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

I have just received the following dispatch from Rhea's Farm Station, opposite City Point, viz:

Two gunboats gone down James River; one gunboat off City Point; six gunboats off Turkey Island, above City Point; heavy firing on up the James River; one gunboat hoisted a black flag.

J. F. MILLIGAN,

Captain and Signal Officer.

PETERSBURG, VA., June 30, 1862-6.30 p. m.

GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

Just returned from Blanfield Signal Station. While there four large steamers left Carter's Wharf, loaded with the enemy, and gone down the river. Six schooners were near the wharf covered with canvas, apparently for sick [and] wounded. Two river steamers arrived at City Point towing a schooner and a brig. There are mine schooners, one brig, and five steamers now off City Point. The Monitor and Galena, with four other gunboats, are off Carter's Wharf, shelling the woods, to cover the retreating forces of the enemy; evidently a lively engagement is going on in the neighborhood, and the enemy appear very busy about City Point and Carter's Wharf embarking their forces. The first two transports that came up landed a small force at Carter's Wharf.

Your obedient servant,

J. F. MILLIGAN,

Captain and Signal Officer, Department of the Appomattox.

40 R R-VOL XI, PT III

