
PETERSBURG, VA., June 30, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

The enemy did not effect a landing at Carter's Wharf with the troops that came up this evening. They have been driven down James River near Turkey Island, opposite City Point. Cannonading is incessant. All the gunboats have dropped down the river from Carter's Wharf to Turkey Island.

Your obedient servant,

J. F. MILLIGAN,

Captain and Signal Officer.

BERMUDA HUNDRED, Via Drewry's Bluff, Va., June 30, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

Large numbers of Yankees are on the river shore at Shirley, Colonel Carter's place. They seem to be encamped just above his house. Many are now bathing in the river. The gunboats and transports seem to be taking the troops off as fast as possible. Very few of them here, though; hence they can only take off the wounded.

THOMAS E. UPSHAW,

Captain Randolph Dragoons.

RICHMOND, VA., June 30, 1862.

General LEADBETTER,

Chattanooga, Tenn.:

After two days' fighting McClellan abandoned his camp and such stores as he could not destroy and is in full retreat, closely pursued by General Lee. Announce this to your army, and tell them that we hope soon to come to their assistance. I have ordered every regiment and battalion in Georgia not needed on the coast to proceed at once to Chattanooga. As they are new organizations, I am uncertain as to their number and condition. I am sending arms to you as fast as possible. Is it safe to send them through East Tennessee? Answer at once. General Heth is on his way to Chattanooga, but we wish you to remain, for the purpose of giving him all the assistance in your power. If you can defend your position we may be able to place Buell in a critical situation.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, VA., June 30, 1862.

General E. KIRBY SMITH,

Knoxville, Tenn.:

I am happy to inform you that McClellan was attacked by our army, under General Lee, on the 26th instant, and after two days' fighting is in full retreat, abandoning his camp and such stores as he could not destroy. Our army is in close pursuit. I have ordered to Chattanooga

