
pontoon bridge and inquire as to capacity and number of the employes, with a view to reducing them expenditures at that point.

Very respectfully, yours,

ALFRED L. RIVES,

Acting Chief of Engineer Bureau.

ENGINEER BUREAU, Richmond, Va., July 1, 1862.

Captain JOHN J. CLARKE,

Provisional Engineer Corps, C. S. Army:

CAPTAIN: It is proposed to erect a battery of three guns on the Appomattox for its defense. These guns are one 10-inch columbiad and two long 32-pounders; this battery to be ultimately strengthened The Secretary of War desires you to proceed to the Appomattox and put yourself in communication with Captain Dimmock, who has been in charge for some time past, and will consult with you as to the location and construction of the battery.

Very respectfully, yours,

ALFRED L. RIVES,

Acting Chief of Engineer Bureau.

PETERSBURG, VA., July 1, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General C. S. Army. Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: In obedience to General Orders, Numbers 40, May 29, 1862, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, I beg leave to report the number and organization of the signal corps of this department and its general operations during the quarter ending June 30, 1862.

The corps which I command is composed of one company, organized by authority of the honorable Secretary of War upon recommendations of General Huger, commanding Department of Norfolk, February 22, 1862, and is composed of 1 captain, 3 lieutenants, and 114 non-commissioned officers and privates.

The company was mustered into service for the war in Norfolk, Va., on the 25th day of April, by Major Bradford, inspector general of the Department of Norfolk, with 73 men, rank and file, by special authority of the honorable Secretary of War. Since its organization 41 men have entered the corps by enlistments and transfers. My posts in the Department of Norfolk extended from Harden's Bluff, by the south side of James River, to headquarters in Norfolk; distance between posts varying from 2 miles to 7, according to the facilities for connection and view.

The posts on James River, as far down as Pig Point, fell back after our evacuation of our fortification at Harden's Bluff and Fort Boykin. After the evacuation of Mulberry Island the posts were used to pass the steamers up and down the river by private signals.

On the 10th of May the post at Sewell's Point came very near being cut off by the enemy. Our forces, leaving at 4 a. m., gave no notice to the Signal Corps of their movement. They never left their posts until 7 p. m., and then only when ordered to do so from headquarters in Norfolk.

