HEADQUARTERS CENTRE, Battle-field at Crew's Farm, Va., July 2, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,Secretary of War:

SIR: The enemy having now changed his front and being driven to a new line, on which (should he attempt further movements against Richmond) time indefinite in its duration will be required for the execution of his plans, I consider the period has arrived when I cannot with propriety ask the longer indulgence of the Government in respect to the order already assigning me to the command of the Trans-Mississippi Department. I have the honor, therefore, to announce my readiness to conform to the orders of the Government relative to my new position as soon as they may be communicated to me.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, &amp;c.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTHERN VA.,

Numbers --. July 3, 1862.

I. Major General J. B. Magruder, having been ordered upon special service in the West (temporarily suspended), will now proceed to carry out that order, [the] circumstances causing its suspension having been removed. He will report to the Secretary of War for further instructions.

II. Brigadier General D. R. Jones is assigned with his division to Major-General Longstreet's command, and will immediately proceed to join him.

III. Toombs' and Griffith's brigades, of Magruder's division, are assigned to duty with McLaws' division.

By command of General Lee:

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Dr. Poindexter's, July 4, 1862.

Major-General HILL:

GENERAL: I desire you to-day to continue the work of burying the dead, collecting the wounded and sending them to the hospitals, and gathering up all arms and other property left on the field.

I understand that many of the enemy's wounded of Monday's fight are still on the field; they must have suffered greatly, and every effort should be made to remove all of them where they will be comfortable.

The enemy's dead (particularly at the scene of Monday's fight) must be buried, and any prisoners that may be in your hands can be devoted to this work.

Lose no exertion to collect your command, and in every way prepare it for immediate service.

Send a strong detail, under efficient officers, and finish the work at once.

I shall proceed to join the advance of the army under General Longstreet, where you can communicate with me.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,R. E. LEE,

General.

