
and assignments of medical officers of an army already engaged in action, my own position, of course, has been embarrassing.

I would be thankful for duplicate of any order you have issued for my guidance. I have followed the army, and in every instance endeavored to have all necessary operations performed before sending the wounded to Richmond. Of course many must have been sent from the infirmaries without primary operations, but the pressing exigencies under which we labored rendered the removal of such cases necessary. I would respectfully request that the medical purveyor be instructed to forward, with as little delay as possible, the supplies required by Medical Purveyor Johnson, particularly such articles as opium, morphia, and chloroform, which will be indispensably necessary in the event of another battle.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. GUILD,

Surgeon, C. S. Army,

Medical Director, Department of Northern Virginia.

P. S.-We are encamped near the house of Mr. Poindexter to-night. Should the supplies be immediately forwarded, the courier who bears this will guide the supplies to us, otherwise let them be sent to Mr. Crew's house, and all necessary instructions will be left to have them sent forward.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, July 5, [1862]-9 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel E. P. ALEXANDER,Chief of Ordnance:

COLONEL: General Lee directs me to say that General Pendleton is absent, and he [does] not know who is in charge of the Reserve Artillery; he therefore desires that you will go at once and ascertain the condition of the Reserve Artillery, and have it all put in condition to move to Malvern Hill early to-morrow morning.

The artillery will be held in readiness to move; everything ready for active service, but you will not move the artillery without further orders from these headquarters. You will also see that your ordnance train is ready to move at the same time, if necessary. If the artillery is ordered down the general desires that you go with it.

Yours, &amp;c.,

A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, Phillips' House, Va., July 6, 1862.

His Excellency President DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

Mr. PRESIDENT: From the conflicting and exaggerated reports of the movements of the enemy I conclude that he has been re-enforced, and there are besides indications that it may be his purpose to make a lodgment on the James River as a base for further operations. Seven

