
large steamers were reported to have come up Wednesday, said to be of the large-size New York Sound steamers, crowded with soldiers; other steamers with troops are also reported to have arrived at Westover; many sail transports with supplies, some of which contained bales of hay on their decks. Steamers going back are also said to contain men; but they appear to be sick, wounded, and demoralized; do not exhibit themselves on the decks, &amp;c. A large New York ferry-boat is also reported at the Westover Landing, where wharves have been prepared by means of their pontoon bridges. This boat may be nothing more than any other transport, but it would prove very convenient should he meditate a transfer of his troops to the other side of the river. The great obstacle to operations here is the presence of the enemy's gunboats, which protect our approaches to him, and should we even force him from his positions on his land front, would prevent us from reaping any of the fruits of victory and expose our men to great destruction. These considerations induce the opinion that it may be better to leave a small, light force with the cavalry here and retire the army near Richmond, where it can be better refreshed and strengthened, and be prepared for a renewal of the contest, which must take place at some quarter soon. I beg that you will take every practicable means to re-enforce our ranks, which are much reduced, and which will require to be strengthened to their full extent to be able to compete with the invigorated force of the enemy. I inclose a report from Captain Wingfield, stationed on the opposite side of the river,* which corroborates the reports that I have received from this side.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT.. OF NORTH CAROLINA,Numbers 144. Drewry's Bluff, July 6, 1862.

I. The division near Drewry's Bluff will march this morning with the least possible delay in the direction of Prince George County, via Petersburg, with two days' rations in the haversacks of the men and two days' more in the wagons.

The following will be the order of march: 1st. All the rifled guns; 2nd. Daniel's brigade; 3rd. The remainder of the field artillery; 4th. Walker's brigade.

II. The head of the column will move at 8 o'clock.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Holmes:

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, &C., Phillips' House, Va., July 7, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to call your attention to a paragraph in the Richmond Daily Dispatch of this morning, the publication of which might result most seriously to our army. In the third paragraph, first column, and first page, it states the forces at this point to be the divis-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

