
ions of Generals Longstreet, Jackson, and A. P. Hill. The entire Federal Army is in our immediate front; these papers reach the enemy, and the great danger of publishing any movements of this army and anything exhibiting its strength in whole or part must be apparent to all. I thought it was understood that our papers were to be silent on all matters appertaining to the movements of the army, and I beg that you will take the necessary steps to prevent in future the giving publicity in this way to our strength and position.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

[Indorsement.]

JULY 9, 1862.

Send copies of this letter to all the papers in the city, and express the hope that no steps may be necessary to stop such publications. A more rigid censorship should be established by the papers themselves, or they will do much mischief. It is the ardent wish of the Department that this revolution may be successfully closed without the suppression of one single newspaper in the Confederate States, and that our experience may be able to challenge comparison with our enemy.

[G. W. R.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Numbers --. July 7, 1862.

I. Brigadier General R. Ransom, jr., will rejoin with his brigade the command of Major General T. H. Holmes, reporting without delay for duty at Drewry's Bluff.

II. Major General B. Huger, so soon as the wounded and all public property have been collected in his front, will fall back to his former camp on the Williamsburg road, and, collecting his property with all dispatch, will take position on Falling Creek, south side of James River, marching by the shortest route, either by the pontoon bridge or through Richmond, as may be most convenient.

III. Division commanders are called upon to repress the spirit of depredation which the commanding general has observed with great concern to prevail among our troops. All offenders must be punished, and immediate commanders held responsible for the conduct of their men. Where growing crops are needed for forage the quantity will be ascertained, with the value, and receipts given therefor by the quartermaster of the troops camped in its vicinity requiring it for forage; and being purchased, it will be issued under direction of the purchasing quartermaster or his agent.

By command of General Lee:

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Numbers --. July 8, 1862.

The commands of Major-Generals Jackson and Longstreet will leave their present positions at sunset, placing previously some of their leading divisions on the different routes, as they may deem best, and proceed by easy marches-Major-General Jackson on the route by Rocks, crossing the White Oak Creek Bridge, and taking position on the Mechanicsville turnpike, north of Richmond.

