
Major-General Longstreet's command will proceed by the roads by Dr. Poindexter's and Turkey Creek Bridge, and take position on Cornelius Creek, between the Central road and James River.

Major General D. H. Hill will resume his former position near the Williamsburg road.

Major-General McLaws' division will take position north of the York River Railroad and between that an the New Bridge road, on north branch of Gillis Creek; this latter division to move to-morrow.

Each division commander will use every effort to reorganize his command, in securing the return of stragglers and all effective men, and preparing for immediate service.

Brigadier-General Stuart will dispose his cavalry after sunset to relieve the infantry pickets in front and cover the withdrawal of troops, as above directed, retiring before daybreak and taking position to secure his communication with Richmond, while his front will keep near to and watch the movements of the enemy.

By command of General Lee:

[R. H. CHILTON,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Dabb's House, Va., July 9, 1862.

Colonel T. F. GOODE,Commanding Third Virginia Cavalry:

COLONEL: It is desired by the commanding general that you will collect all the citizens willing and able to co-operate with your regiment and adopt the requisite measures to attack, and, if possible, capture this regiment reported to be crossing the Mattapony. The bearer of this (Mr. Walker) will extend all facilities as a guide and in collecting the citizens as may aid you to the extent of his ability.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Numbers 146. July 9, 1862.

* * * * * *

III. Division commanders will cause to be immediately established within their own lines field hospitals in house to be rented, if such can be conveniently found within their lines, otherwise under canvas, to which all their sick will be sent, to be attended by their own medical officers. Medical officers are strictly prohibited from sending men off from their commands on sick certificates, and commanding officers will enforce this regulation.

By command of General Lee:

[R. H. CHILTON,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WHITE OAK BRIDGE, July 10, 1862.

Major General D. H. HILL:

GENERAL: Yours of this date has been received.* I send you a copy of the order for falling back.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

