
RICHMOND, VA., July 11, 1862.

Brigadier-General FINEGAN,

Tallahassee, Fla.:

We shall need a considerable accession of force to reap the fruits of our victory. If you can spare any infantry in addition to the Eighth Regiment send them on and we will arm them here. Telegraph in reply.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

ENGINEER BUREAU, July 11, 1862.

LEWIS E. HARVIE,

President Richmond and Danville Railroad:

SIR: General Lee and the Secretary of War are both exceedingly anxious to push rapidly to completion certain defensive works on or near the James River. For this purpose hands were called out in Halifax, Charlotte, Lunenburg, Pittsylvania, and Campbell Counties, but have failed to come in except in small numbers. One difficulty met with I understand is want of transportation on your road. If such is the case, may I ask your attention to the subject as one of great importance at this particular moment.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

ALFRED L. RIVES,

Acting Chief of Engineer Bureau.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,

Numbers 77. July 11, 1862.

I. No leaves of absence during the rear proximity of the enemy to Richmond can be given under any circumstances after this date. Those applying for sick leaves will be taken upon the sick report, and avail themselves of hospitals or accommodations in Richmond under medical attention until sufficiently recovered for duty.

II. Division commanders will establish guards around their camps to prevent straggling, and by regular roll calls during the day determine the presence of the men, and when absent adopt immediate measures for their return to their companies.

III. Surg. T. H. Wingfield, Fifth Regiment North Carolina Volunteers, is assigned to duty as medical inspector of field hospitals and camps of the Army of Northern Virginia, subject to the instructions of Surg. L. Guild, medical director.

By command of General Lee:

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LIGHT DIVISION, July 12, 1862.

General R. E. LEE,Commanding Army:

I have the honor to request that I may be relieved from the command of Major-General Longstreet.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. HILL,

Major-General, Commanding Light Division.

