
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., April 3, 1862.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

Hampton Roads:

The additional ferry-boats and tugs required shall be sent promptly if it is possible to obtain them.

JOHN TUCKER,

Assistant Secretary of War.

FORTRESS MONROE, April 3, 1862. (Received April 3, 1862-8.10 p.m.)

General SUMNER:

I except to move from here to-morrow morning on Yorktown, where a force of some 15,000 of the rebels are in intreched position, and I think it quite possible they will attempt to resist us. No appearance of the Merrimac as yet. Commodore Goldsborough is quite confident he can sink her when she comes out.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,Warrenton Junction, April 3, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I am under orders to proceed to Fort Monroe, where my command is being rapidly concentrated,as soon as General Abercrombie reaches this place with his brigade and when I hear the additional force ordered from General Wadsworth's command is approaching Manassas. General Abercrombie arrived last night with 5,200 men. Colonel Geary's force of 1,400 men is expected shortly, and the brigade of 3,000 men from Blenker's division, ordered to be left at this point after General Blenker marches with two brigades to report at Strasburg to General Banks, will make in all 9,600 at this place. Shall I proceed at once to the head of my corps at Fort Monroe? I would ask the favor of an early reply.

E. V. SUMNER.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, April 3, 1862.

Brigadier-General SUMNER:

Your telegram has been received. The Department does not require any change in the instructions given you by General McClellan. You will proceed according to his instructions, and embark your forces as soon as you are satisfied there is in position sufficient force to hold the country. General McDowell had been ordered to supply the force that was directed to be furnished by General Wadsworth for the relief of your force at Manassas and Warrenton.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

