
instances the smooth-bore muskets, substituting those of longer range captured from the enemy.

Division commanders will cause rigid inspections to be made of their respective commands, giving uniform armament to different organizations, in order that confusion and possible disaster in supplying ammunition may be avoided, and report the armament of each, to enable the Ordnance Department to supply the proper ammunition.

By command of General Lee:

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, July 13, 1862.

Major General T. H. HOLMES,Commanding Department of North Carolina, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Your letter* of the 12th instant has been received. I take pleasure in expressing my gratification at the skillful and bold conduct of Colonel Cooke. Should you think his continuance on his present service advantageous he can remain or be withdrawn, according to your judgment. The information with reference to the movements of General Burnside I consider highly probable. If confirmed, the troops at Goldsborough and other points within the State, save to prevent expeditions, will be unnecessary; nor need there be men more than sufficient to garrison the batteries on Cape Fear River, to prevent the ascent of the enemy's vessels. I would therefore recommend that you concentrate all the rest of the force between the Appomattox and Drewry's Bluff, disposing them in the best position to protect the approaches to the battery at the latter point, and to cover that section of the country as far as possible from the minds of the enemy. I directed Major Meade, of the Engineers, some days since, to commence a system of land defense from Drewry's Bluff, encircling the approaches to Manchester. Should the health of Major Stevens, whose attention had been previously [directed] to the same object, have prevented him from entering upon this duty, I desire this work pushed with all possible dispatch.

In bringing on the troops from your department it is desirable that arrangements be made so as to interfere as little as possible with the transportation of the troops supposed now on their way from the Department of South Carolina.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

RICHMOND, July 13, 1862.

Brigadier-General FRENCH,

Or Officer in Command at Wilmington, N. C.:

Say to General Magruder, who will probably pass through Wilmington this evening, that circumstances render it necessary for him to return directly to this place. Telegraph after train has arrived whether message has been delivered to General Magruder. If he has left Wilmington, try to send this message to intercept him, and telegraph result.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

41 R R-VOL XI, PT III

