SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Numbers 151. July 14, 1862.

* * * * * *

III. Major General B. Huger having been relieved from duty with this army by paragraph II, Special Orders, Numbers 161, of July, 1862, to enter upon the duties of inspector of artillery and ordnance in the Army of the Confederate States, Major General R. H. Anderson, Provisional Army of the Confederate States, is assigned to the command of his division.

* * * * * *

By command of General Lee:

------

------

,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Richmond, Va., July 15, 1862.

Major General J. C. PEMBERTON,

Commanding, &amp;c., Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: It is deemed necessary for ultimate operations in this quarter, which are daily becoming more and more important, that the army for the defense of Richmond should be speedily re-enforced. The President therefore desires that you hasten forward such regiments and brigades of your command as you may be enabled to spare. In consideration of the present season, when sickness most prevails on the Southern coast, and when the enemy would be least likely to carry on active operations in that quarter, the President, after due reflection, has arrived at the conclusion that you might safely dispense with at least more than one-half of your effective force. In sending forward this force he desires that you will place it under the command of Brigadier-Generals Drayton and Evans, and retain for the command of the troops on James Island and the coast of South Carolina generally Brigadier-Generals Gist and Hagood, at such positions as your judgment may indicate.

I desire to impress upon you the importance of this movement.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, July 15, 1862.

Colonel THOMAS S. RHETT,

Commanding Richmond Defenses:

COLONEL: With regard to the Blakely and siege guns required at Wilmington and Charleston, the general commanding thinks they are not required-certainly not at Wilmington and probably not at Charleston, but their services are deemed more essential here than elsewhere at present, and unless urgent necessity should be shown to exist at Charleston they will be retained here; and with regard to the guns in possession of Tredegar Battalion, the matter was referred by the general to Colonel Gorgas for his consideration and action. The general deems it unnecessary for you to continue the picketing and authorizes their withdrawal. General Pendleton has been advised upon the sub-

