
ENGINEER BUREAU, Richmond, Va., July 21, 1862.

Colonel THOMAS S. RHETT,

In charge of Ordnance Bureau:

COLONEL: The number of heavy guns required for the defense at Warwick Bar will be in the course of three weeks six, minimum four; six heavy siege guns will be required for the Appomattox. As they are to contend with vessels, it is thought rifled guns would be decidedly preferable.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

ALFRED L. RIVES,

Acting Chief, &c.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF DIVISION,

Numbers --. July 21, 1862.

In pursuance of orders from the Headquarters of the Army, the undersigned relinquishes his present command to enter upon a new field of duty.* It is with unfeigned pain and reluctance he leaves a division which in the last two months has poured out more blood in the sacred cause of the South than any division of the Army; which alone and unsupported drove the enemy from his abatis, fortifications, and rifle pits at Seven Pines, capturing eight guns, the camp and stores of the enemy, and which at Mechanicsville, Cold Harbor, White Oak River, and Malvern Hill exhibited all those high and heroic qualities for which the Southern soldier is so remarkable.

The division, too, has been endeavored to its commander by its uniform good conduct in the camp as well as in the field. The troops have ever shown by their quiet and conservative character, their orderly behavior, and prompt obedience that they did not believe whisky, bluster, and profanity and rowdyism to be necessary adjuncts to the soldier.

May you ever maintain your present proud position. May you ever rebuke with proper scorn the wretches who desert your colors in battle or straggle from your ranks on the march or in camp. May your future deeds be such that when your name is mentioned it may send a thrill of joy through the heart of him who once had the honor of commanding you.

By order of D. H. Hill, major-general:

J. W. TAYLOE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, July 23, 1862.

General JAMES LONGSTREET,Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: Your note+ of his morning is received. If you can find suitable positions you can locate a brigade on the Darbytown and River roads and give them the necessary directions. They will serve, in addition to what was proposed, to prevent alarms and thus prevent annoy.

---------------

*To relieve Major General Theophilus H. Holmes. See Series I, Vol. IX, p. 476.

+Not found.

---------------

