
ance to the troops. I have directed General Wise's brigade to be attached to your command. He is in your front, and I desire you to take charge of the operations of that wing of the army.

General McClellan's demonstrations may be to deceive, test our strength, or preparatory to real movements. He will require to be watched and restrained. I have directed General D. H. Hill from the right bank of the river to endeavor, by movable batteries, sharpshooters, &amp;c., to annoy and arrest, if possible, the transport of his supplies.

Very respectfully,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, July 23, 1862.

Major-General LONGSTREET,Commanding Division:

GENERAL: Your note* of this date has been received, and in reply the commanding general directs me to say that, as you have examined the positions in the neighborhood of New Market, you are desired to select the position that you deem best, and to send such troops to occupy it as you may think necessary to hold it. You are desired to make all the necessary arrangements.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. LONG,

Colonel and Military Secretary.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Numbers 160. July 23, 1862.

I. Brigadier General H. A. Wise's brigade is hereby detached from Major General D. H. Hill's division and assigned to the command of Major General J. Longstreet, to whom he will report.

* * * * * * *

By command of General Lee:

[R. H. CHILTON,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Near Richmond, Va., July 23, 1862.

Major General W. W. LORING,Commanding Department of Southwest Virginia:

GENERAL: Your letter* of July 12 to the Secretary of War has been referred to General Lee, who directs me to say that he is very desirous that you should be so re-enforced as to enable you to make a forward movement, particularly at this moment, as the enemy seems to be tottering in his various positions; but he exceedingly regrets his entire

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

