
WARRENTON JUNCTION, April 3, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

There are no troops now here belonging to my arms corps except Farnworth's cavalry, and this regiment is ordered to remain here till the two regiments of horse arrive which have been ordered here. Richardson's division, the last of my corps, went to Alexandria yesterday, by order of General McClellan. Under these circumstances, is in intended that I shall stay here till the troops from McDowell's corps reach Manassas?

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 3, 1862.

General E. V. SUMNER,

Warrenton Junction:

You are expected to hold your position until relieved by such force as you think sufficient to maintain it. This I understand to be [the] import of the order given you by General Marcy this evening. It is desirable that nothing should be abandoned that has been gained from the enemy if it can be held.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., April 3, 1862-12.20 p.m.

Major General JOHN E. WOOL,

Commanding Fort Monroe,

Major-General McCLELLAN,

Commanding the Army of the Potomac:

The orders recently issued from this Department, placing the troops within the command of Major-General Wool, at the disposal of Major-General McClellan, will not be so construed as to authorize a reduction of the force under General Wool below what, in the opinion of General Wool, may be necessary for the safety of his position and its dependencies. General Wool will continue in command of Fort Monroe and the troops heretofore assigned to the Department of Virginia, and General McClellan will command the troops constituting the Army of the Potomac.

All prior orders conflicting with his order are revoked.

By order of the President:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE MANSION, April 3, 1862.

The Secretary of War will order that one or the other of the corps of General McDowell and General Sumner remain in front of Washington until further orders from the Department, to operate at or in the direction

5 R R-VOL XI, PT III

