HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA.

July 24, 1862

SENIOR OFFICER WITH CAVALRY

Between James and Chickahominy Rivers:

SIR: The commanding general desires that you will take charge of all the cavalry between James River, near Malvern Hill, and Savage Station, establishing a uniform line of pickets to act in concert, and holding position as far as practicable until withdrawn by competent authority. Artillery should also be kept at the crossing or bridge of White Oak and that point be held. Application to General Longstreet will supply the required artillery, and all changes or occurrences of importance will be immediately reported to him,with the view to such measures as he may deem necessary, his command holding the right of our position.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,[R. H. CHILTON.]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA.

July 25, 1862

Major General LAFAYETTE McLAWS,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The letter* of Colonel Nance, with reference to estrays, with your indorsement, is received. I fear this is one of the evils resulting from the laxity of discipline in the army, which it will require the united efforts of all to remedy. I do not see what can be accomplished by the publication of an order on this subject. If any course can be suggested, or if the enlargement of the power of any regimental or brigade commander is required, I shall be glad to consider it. Should any particular cases of misconduct be reported, examples will be made of the offenders. I hope that the measures taken by you will be found effectual to break up what I regard as a great evil in your command.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA.

July 25, 1862

Colonel STEPHEN D. LEE,Commanding Fourth Virginia Cavalry:

COLONEL: The report* of your affair with the enemy's cavalry on the 24th instant has been referred to the commanding general, who directs me to convey to you his hearty congratulations upon the gallant and successful manner in which you met and repulsed with you command the attempts of the enemy's cavalry upon your position. The affair was spirited, and reflects the highest credit upon yourself and command.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. LONG,

Colonel and Military Secretary.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

