
by sending officers to Tennessee to recruit for that purpose. With this view I desire you to cause proper officers to be selected from each regiment to be sent to Tennessee, and to report their names to me at once for that purpose. Governor Harris has been appealed too to send another regiment to complete the brigade, in addition to the requisite number of men to fill up the present regiments. Rolls of each regiment must be prepared to be sent with the officers.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA.

July 26, 1862

Honorable LOUIS T. WIGFALL,Confederate States Senate, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I send you herewith inclosed the reports* of three Texas regiments of Hood's brigade. You will perceive that 334 recruits are wanted for the Fourth Regiment; 486 recruits for the First Regiment; 316 recruits for the Fifth Regiment, and, in addition to these, 100 extra men for the Fourth Regiment, 50 for the First Regiment, and 50 for the Fifth Regiment, in order to fill up losses likely to be sustained by deaths and discharges among the present sick and wounded; making a total of 1,336 recruits needed to fill up the three regiment. In addition to these, two more regiments are desired to fill up the brigade and five more for a second Texas brigade. This application I would most earnestly urge. If the seven new regiments cannot be obtained, we ought at least to be able to get five, in order to make two Texas brigades of four regiments each.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 173. Richmond, Va., July 26, 1862

* * * * * *

X. The following officers will, without delay, report to General R. E. Lee, commanding, &c., for cavalry duty:Major General J. E. B. Stuart, Provisional Army; Brigadier General Fitzhugh Lee, Provisional Army: Brigadier General Wade Hampton, Provisional Army.

XI. Brigadier General Harry T. Hays will report for duty to General R. E. Lee, commanding, &c., near Richmond, Va.

XII. The following assignments to the command of brigades composed of regiments of Louisiana Volunteers in the army commanded by General R. E. Lee are hereby directed, viz: Brigadier General Richard Taylor to the Second Brigade; Brigadier General Harry T. Hays to the First Brigade.

* * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNumbers WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

