
south of the river. The commanding general desires that you will cause those two companies to join their regiment.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

[R. H. CHILTON.]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA.

July 30, 1862

Major General D. H. HILL.

Commanding Department of North Carolina:

GENERAL: The commanding general desires that you will send an officer after your wagon train, and cause the excess of transportation over regulation allowance to be sent back to Lieutenant-Colonel Corley, chief quartermaster of this army. The division is reported by inspector of transportation to have 102 wagons and 416 animals in excess.

By order of General Lee:

[R. H. CHILTON.]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. [DEPARTMENT] OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA.

July 31, 1862

Captain W. P. SMITH

Engineer Corps:

CAPTAIN: I am directed by General Lee to say that he desires the line of defenses extending from the river on this side prosecuted with the utmost vigor. By information just received from General Ripley it appears that he has a force of laborers ready to proceed with the works between the Charles City and the Darbytown road, but says that the line is not marked out, and requests that the proper engineer officer should communicate with him. Give the necessary assistance and instructions, and let the work be immediately commenced.

General Longstreet's command supplies the force engaged between the river and the Darbytown road.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,R. H. CHILTON.

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA.

July 31, 1862

Honorable S. R. MALLORY.

Secretary of the Navy:

SIR: The land part of the defenses at Drewry's Bluff has as yet no guns upon it. Can any be spared from the Navy for that purpose? I have heard that there are six 8-inch guns on the Patrick Henry. If these can be spared they would serve to add much to the strength of the defenses, as they would render the land point very formidable. I would be glad to hear from you on the subject. I regret to learn that you have been unable as yet to make the iron throats for two of the guns now in position.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,[R. E. LEE.]

General.

