
of Manassas Junction, or otherwise, as occasion may require; that the other corps not so ordered to remain go forward to General McClellan as speedily as possible; that General McClellan commence his forward movements from his new base at once, and that such incidental modifications as the foregoing may render proper be also made.

A. LINCOLN.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, April 4, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN,

U. S. A., Commanding Army of the Potomac, Fort Monroe:

GENERAL: The President, deeming the force to be left in front of Washington insufficient to insure its safety, has directed that McDowell's army corps should be detached from the forces operation under your immediate direction.

Major-General McDowell has accordingly been instructed to report for orders to the Secretary of War. Colonel Bayard's regiment of cavalry has been reannexed to McDowell's army corps by the Secretary's direction. The Secretary has also directed that Colonel Rucker, Quartermaster Department, shall remain on duty in this city, and that no troops shall be sent to relieve those near Manassas, in view of the new arrangements of McDowell's corps.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

FORT MONROE, VA., April 4, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

We are getting on very quietly and harmoniously. Major-General McClellan will move to-day on Yorktown. I will with my force occupy the stations abandoned by the rebels as the general advances. This will protect his left flank, which will relieve him from the necessity of a strong force to protect his rear and left flank, which was suggested by myself, which the general readily assented to, and as a much better plan than giving up Newport News. Captain Nims' battery is still here, and cannot get away for several days. I consulted General McClellan on the batteries remaining here. He says General Butler is very well supplied with artillery. This battery or some other will be indispensable to assist in maintaining the positions which no doubt will be abandoned on James River when the Army of the Potomac advances toward Richmond.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

BIG BETHEL, VA., April 4, 1862-5.50 p.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Our advance is at Cockletown, within 5 miles of Yorktown. Slight skirmishing to-day. Have turned Ship Point battery. Our cavalry probably in it now. I push supplies and troops on it at once, making

