
obtain all the force which you wish from among these men by active and immediate efforts. If this cannot be done, then the details will be made from the Army, as a sufficient supply of bread is an absolute necessity in our operations. I hope the number of such details will be as limited as possible, and that every effort will be made to obtain all the force required outside the Army.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE.

General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA.

August 4, 1862

Major General D. H. HILL.

Commanding Department of North Carolina, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: General Lee desires me to inform you that Lieutenant-Colonel Stevens, Engineer Corps, has been ordered to Petersburg to make an examination of the country and establish a line of works for the defense of that position. He requests that you will afford Colonel Stevens all the assistance you can with the forces and means you may have at your command.

Your obedient servant,A. L. LONG.

Colonel and Military Secretary.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA.

August 4, 1862

Colonel THOMAS S. RHETT.

Inspector of Ordnance.:

COLONEL: Your letter* with regard to the disposition of the guns on the works on the south side of the river has been received. The arrangement which you contemplate for the short 32-pounders is satisfactory. There are, however, no doubt, commanding points in those works on the south side in which it will be best to place barbette guns taken from this side. Hence I would prefer some of these guns to be removed to such position as may be selected at commanding points on the other side of the river. If there are such please let me know the number and caliber of the barbette guns on the north side, and whether or not it would be advantageous to transfer some of them to the south side.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,R. E. LEE.

General.

HEADQUARTERS, August 4, 1862

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH.

Secretary of War:

GENERAL: I am very reluctant to spare any troops from here at this time while from every quarter the enemy is congregating around us.

Still De Gournay's battalion may be of more service at Port Hudson.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

