
than here, and we must take the risk. It had better, therefore, be sent if men cannot be obtained there. General Loring has been very importunate for re-enforcements, but I have not been able to see that he is seriously threatened, or how he could use them unless he had sufficient force to drive the enemy from the Kanawha Valley. Starke's regiment-raised in that country and could probably be recruited there- had better be sent if re-enforcements are necessary. The North Carolina regiments, though not as serviceable, could then be brought here. Colonel J. Lucius Davis was written to on the 30th ultimo, through the post-office in Richmond stating that the Special Order, Numbers -, directing him to report to General Loring, was suspended. I have not heard from him, but Colonel Chilton saw him in the city yesterday, and I learn he was seen there to-day. I have sent him an order to report in person to me. If any one in the Adjutant-General's Office can see him it had better be done, as I do not know where to find him.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE.

General.

SPECIAL ORDERS HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA.

Numbers 172. August 4, 1862

* * * * * *

VII. Lieutenant Colonel J. F. Gilmer, Engineer Corps, having reported, agreeably to Special Orders, Numbers 161, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office is assigned to duty as chief of his department, and will take charge of and conduct all of its operations.

* * * * * *

By command of General Lee:

[R. H. CHILTON.]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS, August 5, 1862

General JUBAL A. EARLY.

Commanding Brigade, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Your letter* of the 23rd ultimo has just been received. I regret that you consider yourself unassigned to a command. I had hoped that your present command was agreeably to you. The service is important, requiring an officer of intelligence and capacity, and I know of no one to whom the brigade could be better intrusted than yourself. I consider, too, from your knowledge of the country and people, that you were peculiarly qualified for the duty, and congratulated myself that you were available. From the many changes constantly occurring in the service arising from causes beyond my control, it is difficult for me to consider any position more permanent than another. Your present brigade, it is true, was last commanded by General Elzey, and upon his restoration to duty it may be considered proper to assign him to it. But you surely would be considered entitled to another command, nor can General Orders, Numbers 47, in my opinion, apply to yourself or Generals Elzey and E. Johnson, inasmuch as your original brigades are in service. On entering upon duty with this army

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

