
Drewry's Bluff. Courier starting down with Stuart's telegraph to General Lee.

R. H. CHILTON.

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA.

August 7, 1862

Brigadier General JOHN B. HOOD.

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The commanding general desires that you will move your command over to the Brooke turnpike, taking position near Brooke River, having especial care for all standing crops and against damaging private property or depredating in any manner by men of your command. Throw forward a strong picket to the Chickahominy Bridge. A company of Critcher's cavalry battalion has been ordered to report to you, which can picket in front of your infantry. Major-General R. H. Anderson has been ordered to hold himself in readiness to cross the river if the necessity therefor should arise. This movement is ordered in consequence of reported movement of enemy in considerable force by the Telegraph road toward Richmond.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,[R. H. CHILTON.]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS

New Market, Va., August 7, 1862

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: If it has not been done, I recommend a general order to be at once published directing all exchanged officers among the returned prisoners of war belonging to the Army of Northern Virginia, Valley District, and the Department of North Carolina at once to report to the respective commanders of each, the rest to your office; or perhaps all had better report to your office; then you can order them as they belong and as soon as exchanged.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE.

General.
HEADQUARTERS,New Market, Va., August 7, 1862

Major General D. H. HILL.

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I request that you will spare on effort in urging on the works at Drewry's Bluff to a speedy completion, as it may become necessary to withdraw your command for service in the field, and it is of the utmost importance that the defensive works should [be] finished before that is done.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE.

General.

