
it a new depot. It is said by deserters and inhabitants that re-enforcements are arriving at Yorktown from Richmond. I except to fight to-morrow, as I shall endeavor to cut the communication between Yorktown and Richmond.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

GREAT BETHEL, April 4-10.30 p.m. (Via Fort Monroe, April 5-10 a.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

We have occupied Ship Point battery, which is very strong. The enemy evince determination to hold Yorktown. In that case we shall have fighting to-morrow. I move all my available troops at an early hour in the morning.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIST. OF WASHINGTON, D. C., April 4, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 28th ultimo I was ordered by General McClellan to assign from my command two good regiments to French's and Howard's brigades, Richardson's division, Sumner's corps, to join that command in its embarkation at Alexandria.

I was likewise ordered at the same time to replace the Thirty-seventh New York Volunteers in Heintzelman's division, that it (the Thirty-seventh) might be assigned to Meagher's brigade.

Referring you to may letter of the 2nd instant for a statement of the character and amount of the force at this point and the reasons for urging that it should not be diminished, I have now further to state that, after a careful inspection of the forces under my command I do not find any regiments fit to take the field. I beg leave to ask your instructions under these circumstances. As Sumner's corps will embark, as I understand, to-morrow, it is desirable that I should receive your command at once.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. S. WADSWORTH,

Brigadier-General and Military Governor.

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 4, 1862. (Sent 2.30 p.m.)

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

Fort Monroe:

Two new departments have this day been created: one called the Department of the Shenandoah, under the command of Major-General Banks, comprising that portion of Virginia and Maryland lying between the Mountain Department and the Blue Ridge; the other to be called

