
tion of a corps of rangers, permission to raise which you can get by recommending a suitable person for appointment to raise and command them. These rangers are paid like other troops, and if properly organized may do much service by making it necessary for the enemy to come in greater force, which he would be less likely to do, and making him move about in larger bodies, which would diminish very much his power to plunder. These rangers also receive pay from the Government for all arms, &amp;c., they capture from the enemy. The general also earnestly advises the removal of slaves, cattle, horses, &c., from the enemy's reach. Horses, mules, cattle, forage, &c., will all certainly by taken by the enemy, and the owners can easily sell to the Government or individuals all serviceable animals and other property they have or to individuals living beyond the enemy's reach. Patriotism and interest alike demand that every man should endeavor to remove everything that can be of service the enemy, who are now under orders from the President of the Washington Government to subsist their army upon the country.

Should you conclude to raise a partisan corps you should select a trustworthy person to command, and get the men in the surrounding counties. The advantage of such a corps is, that the members are regularly in service, and entitled to be treated as prisoners of war and have the benefit of exchange, which is not the case with unorganized volunteers, usually called guerrillas.

I am, gentlemen, very respectfully,

CHARLES MARSHALL,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA.

August 9, 1862

Major General R. H. ANDERSON.

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: Your note* of the 8th instant is received, and in reply the commanding general desires me to say that he approves of the course you have taken with your working parties, encamping them near the works upon which they are engaged. He is anxious that the works should be progressed as rapidly as possible. The order requiring you to keep your command in readiness to move is suspended for the present.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,A. L. LONG.

Colonel and Military Secretary.

SPECIAL ORDERS. HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA.

Numbers 177. August 9, 1862

* * * * * *

III. Colonel W. H. Jenifer will report for duty to Major General J. E. B. Stuart as inspector of cavalry of the Department of Northern Virginia, subject to the instructions of General Stuart.

* * * * * *

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

