
arriving for some of the regiments that remain, which also require all their officers. Can this be attended to to-day? All the reports and recommendations on this subject have been forwarded to your office that have been received by me.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE.

General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA.

Numbers 179. August 11, 1862

I. Brigadier-General Pettigrew, having reported for duty, is assigned to command of the brigade now commanded by Colonel Junius Daniel, of Major General D. H. Hill's command,to whom he will report.

* * * * * *

By command of General Lee:

[R. H. CHILTON.]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA.

August 12, 1862

Major General G. W. SMITH,Commanding Division:

GENERAL: It is reported to these headquarters that the enemy is advancing by the way of Malvern Hill. General Lee directs me to say that he desires you to proceed at once to New Market, and make such disposition of your troops as may be necessary to oppose the enemy and drive him back.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. LONG.

Colonel and Military Secretary.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA.

August 12, 1862

Colonel JOHN S. PRESTON, Columbia, S. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to request that you will do all in your power toward collecting and forwarding to Richmond the men subject to military duty under the act of Congress of April 16, 1862. The regiments from South Carolina are much reduced by sickness and battle, and it is highly important that their depleted ranks should be filled. General Orders, Numbers 30, from the office of the Adjutant and Inspector General, directs that assignments, when made at camps of instruction, shall be proportioned among all the regiments of the State.

By letter of yesterday's date the honorable Secretary of War informs me that the conscripts from South Carolina have been ordered here, and that the entire subject of assignment has been committed to me. As soon, therefore, as you will forward them to Richmond I will order them to the several regiments from the State, in accordance with the instructions received from the Department.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,R. E. LEE,,

General.

