
as soon as ready. I need not call to your attention the necessity of restricting the baggage of your division according to existing orders. Your transportation will necessarily be restricted to the standard established, and all surplus baggage wagons and teams must be turned in to the quartermaster's department. Your personal attention is requested to this matter. I suggest that you take summer tents or flies in such number as may be actually necessary to cover your men.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE.

General.

GORDONSVILLE, VA., August 15, 1862

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

Please put General R. H. Anderson's division in motion to-morrow. Direct him to halt at Louisa Court-House; orders will meet him there. I move to-morrow toward Rapidan.

R. E. LEE.

[Indorsement.]

To the ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

If the order has not been given, let it be done immediately and all the arrangements be made.

[JEFFERSON DAVIS.]
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING,August 15, 1862-10 p.m.

Major General D. H. HILL.

Commanding Department of North Carolina:

GENERAL: The inclosed order has just been received, with a copy for General Anderson, which is sent direct to him to avoid delay.

The major-general commanding instructs me to say that he desires you at once to supply from your command the troops necessary to occupy the positions now held by General Anderson.

The division of General Smith will be moved nearer to the pontoon bridge, and will take position so as to be advanced readily, either to the support of General McLaws or of your troops, in case of attack.

For the protection of the fortifications at Drewry's Bluff, and the completion of the lines of intrenchments already commenced on that side, it is though that at least 3,000 effective men will be requisite to supply the place of General Anderson's division. The matter, however, is intrusted to your judgment. The at present limited information of the major-general commanding in regard to the disposition of your forces would not enable him to give more explicit directions, even if he deemed it necessary.

He requests that you will at the earliest moment inform him as to your action in this matter, as well as fully in regard to the dispositions of your troops.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

SAML. W. MELTON.

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

