
[Inclosure]
SPECIAL ORDERS. ADJT. AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE.

Numbers 190. Richmond, August 15, 1862

* * * * * *

XXVIII. Major General R. H. Anderson will proceed with his command, with the least possible delay, to Louisa Court-House, Va., where he will halt and await further orders from the commanding general.

* * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNumbers WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,

Randolph's House, August 16, 1862-1 p.m.

Major General D. H. HILL.

Commanding, Petersburg, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Your note of to-day is just received. It is not intended to give up Petersburg. I supposed that Martin's brigade was a part of Anderson's division, and that the orders from the War Department removed all the troops protecting the batteries at Drewry's Bluff.

Please send me, as soon as possible, the statement of your forces and disposition of troops asked for in my note of last night. I have no information to go upon. If you can't furnish the troops without giving up Petersburg, do not send them.

Please direct General Martin to report all matters of interest concerning the movements of the enemy to me, and between us we must take care of Drewry's Bluff batteries and the obstructions.

Did you receive my letter of yesterday morning, sent by Colonel Gilmer?

Can you meet me either here or at Drewry's any time within a day or two?

G. W. SMITH,

Major-General.

GATES' MILL, ON FALLING CREEK,

Near Richmond, Va., August 16, 1862

Colonel R. H. CHILTON.

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters D. N. Va.:

COLONEL: In reply to the inquiries of the commanding-general I have the honor to report that I yesterday accompanied Major General G. W. Smith and Colonel Gilmer in an inspection of the field works at and near Drewry's Bluff. It will require another week to complete these works, and Colonel Gilmer thinks that those near the bluff need strengthening by some additions and by deepening and enlarging the ditches. The main force is now engaged upon the works on the extreme right, resting on Proctor's Creek. If the additions suggested by Colonel Gilmer are carried out, it will require, I think, as much as ten days or two weeks to complete the whole.

During the past excessively hot weather I have required only eight hours' work a day from the troops. I will increase the time to ten hours.

