
RICHMOND, VA., August 17, 1862

General ROBERT E. LEE.

Gordonsville, Va:

General D. H. Hill telegraphed at 10.30 o'clock last night that "there is no enemy now on this side of the James River and no indications of his presence on the other side." Shall we move McLaws toward the railroad?

G. W. RANDOLPH.

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, August 22, 1862

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have received your letter of 21st,* giving me authority to publish letters regarding the evacuation of Norfolk, "provided they are accompanied by your letter to General Lee written previous to that of May 3, in which a less favorable opinion of the expediency of holding Norfolk is expressed."

I cannot identify the letter alluded to by this description, and can find none on the files of the War Office corresponding to this description.

Unless this letter can be furnished me the proviso prevents my publishing any other on the subject. I beg the letter may be furnished, or the proviso withdrawn or modified.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General.

[First indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to the President.

Can the President identify the letter more accurately than the Secretary has been able to do?

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

[Second indorsement.]

The files of the War Department would not contain a letter addressed to General Lee. General Huger's letter-book probably would. It might be obtained by application to General Lee, if the letter-book of General Huger does not contain it.

J. D.

RICHMOND, August 25, 1862

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

SIR: As requested in yours of the 19th instant I send you a copy of my letter to General Lee, dated Norfolk, 29th April, 1862.

I should state that the copy of the letter I had retained was addressed to General Johnston, and indorsed "a similar letter of this date sent to

---------------

*Not found. The "letters-sent books" of the Confederate War Department during the months of June, July, and August, 1862, are not on file in the "Confederate Archives."

---------------

