
He directs me, further, to say that he wishes your command to march by the river road, through Williamsburg, in the direction of Lebanon Church, some 10 miles beyond.

Colonel Larkin Smith, depot quartermaster-general, will furnish you with a guide.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. J. HARVIE,

Captain, Assistant Inspector-General, Dept. of Northern Virginia.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA.

May 6, 1862

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to say that he wishes you to hold yourself in readiness to move to the rear, as he has received information that the enemy in large forces have passed through Williamsburg, and as you are 9 miles off he wishes you to send back some two or three brigades (artillery and infantry) some distance on the road, so as to be nearer to the scene of action. General Pettigrew's brigade cannot be spared, as Longstreet's division is out of ammunition and cannot find their wagons to get more. The general wishes you to give orders to Colonel Lee (commanding regiment of cavalry), and see that York River, is well picketed, so as to give early information of the landing of troops or movements on the river.

Respectfully,THOS. G. RHETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Ordnance Office, Richmond, May 25, 1862

Brigadier General WILLIAM N. PENDLETON,

Chief of Artillery:

GENERAL: I have been at 5, 6, 7, and 8 since 7 o'clock. Major De Gournay's battalion occupies Numbers 6 and has a guard at Numbers 5. Major Moore and Major Boggs are at Numbers 7, and Captain Lane with several companies is at Numbers 8. Two siege guns (medium navy) are on their way to Numbers 7; three 12-pounder rifle guns on their way to Numbers 6,and one 8-inch siege howitzer on its way to Numbers 5. Ammunition for these, of course, accompanies them. Lumber and carpenters are also moving to Nos. 6 and 7 and 5. A company from Petersburg, Captain Kevill, has just reported with four guns, two 12-pounder rifle and two 8-inch siege howitzers, but without horses.

I would like very much to see you; called to your headquarters as I was coming in. Will meet you, of course, at any place and hour you may designate. A number of the companies which came from Camp Lee have a few guns each. Would it not be well to take the guns to be located at proper points in the neighborhood of batteries, at least till the latter are prepared? It never rains but it pours; yesterday at this time I could not get a man, and now there are some 2,000 to be disposed of.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. S. RHETT,

Colonel, Commanding Battery.

