
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA.

Numbers 58. Richmond, May 29, 1862

The commanding general has the satisfaction to announce to the army another brilliant success won by the skill and courage of our generals and troops in Valley.

The combined divisions of Major-Generals Jackson and Ewell, commanded by the former and constituting a part of this army, after a long, arduous, and rapid march, attacked and routed the Federal forces under Major-General Banks successively at Front Royal, Middleburg, and Winchester, taking several thousands of prisoners and an immense quantity of ammunition and stores of all descriptions. The Federal Army has been dispersed and driven ignominiously from the Valley of the Shenandoah, and those who have freed the loyal citizens of that district by their patriotic valor have again earned, as they will receive, the thanks of a grateful country.

In making this glorious announcement on the eve of the desperate struggle about to ensue, the commanding general does not deem it necessary to invoke the troops of this army to emulate the deeds of their noble comrades in the Valley. He feels already assured of their determined purposed to make illustrious in history the part they are soon to act in the impending drama.

By command of General Johnston:

THOS. G. RHETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY CORPS,Oakwood Cemetery,, May 30, 1862-7.30 p.m.

General J. E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding Department of Northern Virginia:

GENERAL: I venture to offer a suggestion based upon some information respecting the Chickahominy River. It is said to rise immediately after a rain like this and to continue in flood some twenty-four hours. Would not this seem a providence to place all the Yankee force this side that stream almost certainly in your power? Might not an active, sudden, and adequate movement of troops to-night and at dawn in the morning so overwhelm the divisions confronting General Hill as to crush and capture them with next to certainty? I submit it with great deference. Your judgment will, I know, determine sagaciously on the subject.

Yours, most truly,

W. N. PENDLETON.

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS,Hughes' House, June 2, 1862

General R. E. LEE, Commanding, &c:

GENERAL: I regret to inform you that General Smith finds himself utterly unable to endure the mental excitement incident to his actual presence with the army. Nothing but duty under fire could possibly keep him up, and there is danger of his entire prostration. He goes to town to-day to gain a few days' respite. All business and all exciting questions must be kept from him for awhile. Major Melton will accompany him to prevent, while it is necessary, all such intrusion.

Since writing the above, I have again seen the general, and am pained

