
constitute the reserve artillery (twenty-two pieces), of which I consider only Moody's, Read's,and Jordan's batteries efficient for field service. I would like another battery, or have Woolfolk's battery replaced by heavier guns, so I could consider that battery as one of my reserve batteries. I should mention that each brigade of Magruder's division has a battery, generally four pieces. If all the guns in the division were well manned I consider what I have ample; but they are not. There should be several heavy pieces (like Captain Dabney's) at Mrs. Price's, and they would replace all the small pieces.

Yours, respectfully,

S. D. LEE.

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.

GENERAL: I would suggest a fuller report than the blank you sent me this evening, at least to include the men for duty and serviceable and unserviceable horses.

S. D. LEE,

Lieutenant-Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS, June 24, 1862

General R. E. LEE:

GENERAL: I have just heard, indirectly, that General Pendleton has ordered three batteries away from my division, leaving five in the division, two of which are not fit for field service. I could have spared two very well if the two that were unfit for field service had been taken, but would like to have as many as one for a brigade, and those fit for the field. One of those that I have is without horses (Dearing's); another (Stribling's) is too heavy for the field. The Washington Artillery is in my command, but I have always understood that its batteries were to be unassigned and it was my intention to have it together and in readiness for any portion of the command that will move to the attack, as a reserve for the whole. If the arrangement can be made, I am still of the opinion that this would be our best arrangement.

Most respectfully, &c.

JAMES LONGSTREET.

Major-General.

[Indorsements.]

HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA.

June 24, 1862

Respectfully referred to General Pendleton, commanding Artillery Reserve, with the request that the arrangement may be made, if possible, in accordance with General Longstreet's application.

By command of General Lee:

T. M. R. TALCOTT.

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

GENERAL: Colonel Brown will see you on this subject. Many cares have made you forget the arrangement for Colonel Brown's companies.

Captain Dearing I hope to have strong [sic] for you to-morrow. With him you have ten batteries, allowing one to each brigade, and four in reserve. However, I will gladly do for you all I can.

Truly, your friend,W. N. PENDLETON.

Brigadier-General and Chief of Artillery.

