
night the Washington Artillery, to be in position this morning. They are all fresh, not having yet been in.

Please let me have your views by the courier.

Very respectfully, yours,

A. H. COLE,

Major and Inspector of Transportation.

We had a heavy battle yesterday with heavy loss, without fruit.

Yours,

A. H. C.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION.

On Charles City Road, at old church, about 10 miles from the Williamsburg road, July 3, 1862

GENERAL: The batteries of the division having been very badly treated by the enemy since the fight commenced, I have been obliged to send back Captain Bondurant's artillery. Captains Clark and Peyton, of Major Jones' battalion, form only a battery of six pieces, and Captain Hardaway burst two of his guns; for these reasons the general (D. H. Hill) ordered me to ask from you for this division four more batteries. We need them, and if they report here to-morrow morning they will help us very much.

I am, general, your most obedient servant,S. F. PIERSON,

Chief of Artillery of Third Division.

RICHMOND, July 5, 1862

To the Army of Eastern Virginia:

SOLDIERS: I congratulate you on the series of brilliant victories which, under the favor of Divine Providence, you have lately won, and, as the President of the Confederate States, do heartily tender to you the thanks of the country whose just cause you have so skillfully and heroically served. Ten days ago an invading army, vastly superior to you in numbers and in the material of war, closely beleaguered your capital, and vauntingly proclaimed its speedy conquest. You marched to attack the enemy in his intrenchments with well-directed movements and death-defying valor. You charged upon him in his strong positions, drove him from field to field over a distance of more than 35 miles, and,despite his re-enforcements, compelled him to seek safety under cover of his gunboats, where he now lies cowering before the army so lately derided and threatened with entire subjugation. The fortitude with which you have borne toil and privation, the gallantry with which you have entered into each successive battle, must have been witnessed to be fully appreciated, but a grateful people will not fail to recognize your deeds and to bear you in loved remembrance. Well may it be said of you that you have "done enough for glory," but duty to a suffering country and to the cause of constitutional liberty claims from you yet further effort. Let it be your pride to relax in nothing which can promote your future efficiency, your one great object being to drive the invader from your soil and carry your standards beyond the outer boundaries of the Confederacy, to wring from an unscrupulous foe the recognition of your birthright, community independence.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

