HEADQUARTERS DIVISION.

July 6, 1862

General PENDLETON:

Major Nelson reported to me day before yesterday that he had six batteries in reserve. I informed him that he could leave three of them in the present reserve camp and report the other three to you.

Major Nelson has left Captain Jordan's battery, four pieces, and one piece of Cosnahan, now Jones';Captain Page's battery, two pieces; Captain Read's battery, four pieces.

My directions to Major Nelson were to leave three of the strongest batteries; whereas the batteries of Jordan and Page are very weak in men and that of Page in both men and guns.

I am not aware what batteries were taken away, but I cannot think they were the weakest, and therefore my orders have been positively disobeyed, according to appearances.

Very respectfully,L. McLAWS.

Major-General.

There are but two rifle pieces, one 10-pounder Parrot and one 3-inch, among all the batteries under my command (I mean efficient guns- those of Manly and of Troup Artillery being worthless, I believe), except in the battery of Kemper, there are two guns.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,August 10, 1862

Brigadier-General PENDLETON,

Commanding Reserve Artillery:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 9th instant* is received, and in reply General Lee desires me to say that he approves of your suggestion to organize an artillery force under Colonel Brown, to be employed about Petersburg, under the direction of General Hill, and to return with the remainder of your artillery to this side of the James River.

Major-General Hill has been informed of the wishes of the general in regard to your artillery. You are desired to return yourself to-morrow (the 11th).

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. LONG,

Colonel and Military Secretary.

GENERAL ORDERS. HEADQUARTERS.

Numbers 1. Richmond, Va., August 30, 1862

I. By direction of the War Department, Major General G. W. Smith assumes command of the defenses of Richmond and its approaches.

* * * * * *

G. W. SMITH,

Major-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

