
to admit of his positions being carried by assault. It may, and probably will, therefore, unless the enemy should retire, of which there are at present no indications, be necessary for the commanding general to resort to some of the operations of a siege, and he wishes you to forward without delay to Shipping Point the siege train and mortars; also Colonel Tyler's regiment.

He also desires you to establish a large depot for all kinds of supplies at Shipping Point, and thinks it would be well for you to send Colonel Ingalls at once to that place to make extensive arrangements for the forwarding of stores up the Poquosin River to the vicinity of Howard's Bridge. Boats drawing about 5 feet will be necessary for this purpose. The troops that may henceforth arrive at Fort Monroe for the Army of the Potomac will until further orders be sent to Shipping Point. Warren's regiment may come up that route, unless he has transportation, in which event he can march. General Casey, as soon as you can supply him with transportation, is to join General Keyes.

The commanding general desires me to impress upon you the necessity of throwing forward supplies of all kinds as rapidly as possible. You are desired to inform Mr. Eckert that the general wishes him to establish a telegraph line at once between headquarters and Shipping Point.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT MONROE, VA., April 6, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have received your dispatches of the 5th instant. I have not received your order referred to, but Major-General McClellan showed me the order. We are getting on very harmoniously, and I am doing all I can to aid the general in his movements. I will send you a report by mail showing the difficulties we have to contend with. Transportation is much wanted. Having, however, established a depot at Ship Point, it will relieve us much. The greatest want is experienced in the staff of the army. I think I will be able to do much in that respect for Major-General McClellan. The great trouble is to get rid of the useless baggage in the possession of regiments. I will again telegraph at 4 o'clock, when it is portable I will be able to give you important information. I received none of importance since the telegram sent you about 4 o'clock p.m.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, April 6, 1862.

Major General JOHN E. WOOL,

Fort Monroe:

Please let me know fully the state of operations toward Yorktown, and whether it is necessary to send more than Sumner's corps, which is on the way down.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

