
FORT MONROE, April 6, 1862. (Received 7th, 11 a.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Nothing of importance has occurred to-day at Yorktown. Baron Vegesack, my aide-de-camp, has just returned from the headquarters of General McClellan, but brings no news. It is thought that a strong demonstration will be made to-morrow against Yorktown. The baron reports that a large number of troops have arrived in last two or three days from Richmond. Magruder has 30,000 men. We are shipping forward troops and supplies to Ship Point; many are without rations.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, April 6, 1862.

General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

Fort Monroe:

Your instructions to McDowell did not appear to contemplate the removal of his force until some time this week. The enemy were reported to be still in force at Gordonsville and Fredericksburg, and threatening Winchester and the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. The force under Banks and Wadsworth was deemed by experienced military men inadequate to protect Winchester and the railroad, and was much less than had been fixed by your corps commanders as necessary to secure Washington. It was thought best, therefore, to detach either McDowell or Sumner, and as part of Sumner's corps was already with you, it was concluded to retain McDowell. Your advance on Yorktown gratified me very much, and I hope you will press forward and carry the enemy's works and soon be at Richmond.

The order organizing the new department will not in any degree affect your control over all the supplies, transportation, and material that has been left behind or that you may at any time require. The whole force and material of the Government will be as fully and speedily under your command as heretofore or as if the new department had not been created.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 6, 1862. (Received April 6,3 p.m.)

ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President:

The order forming new departments, if rigidly enforced, deprives me of the power of ordering up wagons and troops absolutely necessary to enable me to advance to Richmond. I have by no means the transportation I must have to move my army even a few miles. I respectfully request I may not be placed in this position, but that my orders for wagon trains, ammunition, and other material that I have prepared and necessarily left behind, as well as Woodbury's brigade, may at once be complied with.

The enemy is strong in my front, and I have a most serious task before me, in the fulfillment of which I need all the aid the Government

