
can give me. I again repeat the urgent request that General Franklin and his division may be restored to my command.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Two miles and a half from Yorktown, April 6, 1862-1.35 p.m.

General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

GENERAL: Our reconnaissances thus far confirm the strength of the enemy's position. I am now satisfied that I was correct in my statement of his general position last night. Things are quiet to-day-but little firing; we remaining quiet in order not to draw attention to our reconnoitering parties. I see the secession colors as I write. It is clear that the enemy intend to fight us, and I think equally clear that we will be obliged to use our heavy artillery. The balloon has been of great service to-day. I am more and more satisfied that the services of the First Corps are necessary. I cannot dispense with Woodbury's Engineer Brigade.

The order in regard to new departments is received. I fear the movement it indicates of an advance on Richmond in two isolated columns is a mistake; it will probably enable the rebels to concentrate on one while he holds the other in check.

I will take Yorktown, but it may be a slow process.

Very respectfully, yours,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, April 6, 1862-8 p.m.

LORENZO THOMAS,Adjutant-General:

I examined works on enemy's left very carefully to-day. They are very strong; the approaches difficult; enemy in force, and the water batteries at York and Gloucester said to be much increased. Have not seen them myself. Have not yet received reports of engineer officers. I go to-morrow to examine our left. Sharp firing on our right for some time to-day while I was there. No harm done, although their shells burst handsomely. Am receiving supplies from Ship Point, repairing roads, getting up siege guns, &amp;c. It seems now almost certain that we must use mortars and heavy guns freely before assaulting. The naval officers urge an attack on rear of Gloucester. I think they are right, but I am now too weak to attempt it unless new circumstances come to my knowledge. The affair will be protracted in consequence of the diminution of my forces.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

HDQRS. FOURTH CORPS, WARWICK COURT-HOUSE, VA., April 6, 1862-5.30 a.m.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN:

I received your note of 5 p.m. yesterday. The enemy, I find, is very strongly posted; but I am not yet certain of the extent of his works

