
or the number of his troops. He appears to be in good spirits, and his works are certainly very extensive. My line of front is now very long, and still I cannot find the upper end of his works. If I had more troops I would send them up and try to turn them. Wherever the enemy has shown himself I have shown a force to confront him, and I think he must suppose I have an immense army. Everything has been quiet through the night.

The roads are so bad that I have only been able to get forward but few guns. My forage is out, and I take care not to make any false moves to exhaust men or horses. I watch with small numbers, and only move masses for a sure purpose. I am not at all afraid of any attack of the enemy on me, but the badness of the roads and approaches may detain us here some time and the enemy may be strengthened.

I cannot find out anything about the roads from this point to Ship Point of sufficient certainty to depend on that depot for my forage and rations. I have written to Casey to send 200 pioneers to repair the roads from Newport News up, and to the commissary and quartermaster at Old Point to send up supplies from those places. We must have forage or our animals will give out, and our rations will be out to-morrow.

In great haste, I remain, your most obedient servant,

E. D. KEYES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Fourth Corps.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Warwick Court-House, April 6, 1862-9 a.m.

Brigadier-General MARCY:

SIR: I received your dispatch of 10.40 p.m. of April 5 one hour ago. I have issued all necessary orders to obtain supplies from Poquonsin Creek or Ship Point; also the orders for reconnaissance, exploration of the roads, &amp;c. The guide you speak of did not come over. A train is just about to start to the supply depot. Inclosed are copies of this day's orders so far. This letter goes with a dispatch to Major-General McClellan.

Please say to the general that the enemy's works directly in front of General Smith's division cannot be carried by assault, and that I think some light 8-inch mortars can be used to advantage if we can get them up, with the ammunition.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. KEYES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Fourth Army Corps.

UNITED STATES MILITARY TELEGRAPH.

(Received April 6, 1862, from near Yorktown.)

Commander JOHN RODGERS,

U. S. N., Washington:

All my arrangements are completely changed by recent orders, will telegraph you as soon as I know anything definite.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

