
received from General Halleck, confirming the capture of a great number of prisoners and immense quantity of military stores and artillery at Island No. 10, and also of a brilliant victory by General Grant and Buell's advance corps over Beauregard at Pittsburg. We hope even greater results from your operations, and are longing to send the shout of victory from the Chesapeake to the Mississippi.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

NEAR YORKTOWN, April 8, 1862.

Flag-Officer L. M. GOLDSBOROUGH:

MY DEAR SIR: Your kind letter received. From the information received thus far I am inclined to think that the masked battery on the river bank below Yorktown is not in existence, but that the gun fired upon Missroon was from the advanced bastion of the place itself.

Porter thinks that he has found a place from which we can enfilade their water batteries. I go three in a few minutes to look at it. Should it prove to be so, we can enable the gunboats to take an effective part in the contest.

The weather is infamous; has been raining hard for the last fourteen hours and still continues. The roads are horrid, and we have the devil's own time about supplies.

I have made strong representations as to the withdrawal of the First Corps, which has forced me to abandon the Severn movement, and hope that the President may be induced to change his order.

Persons say that Joe Johnston has assumed command; that heavy re-enforcements are arriving, and that they intend to fight the great battle here. I am probably weaker than they now are or soon will be, but I will whip them in spite of the fact [that] 50,000 men have been withdrawn from my command since I commenced the operation. This reduction of force necessitates more caution on my part.

The position of the enemy is considered strong, but we are learning more of it every hour. Our men behave splendidly; brave and patient as men can be.

I will communicate with Missroon this morning and write you fully to-night.

In great haste, sincerely, your friend,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Porter's camp is just shelling range; his pickets and sharpshooters are near enough to pick off their cannoneers.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp near Yorktown, April 8, 1862.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

GENERAL: I send herewith copies of letters received by me from Flag-Officer Goldsborough and Captain Missroon in regard to defenses of Yorktown and Gloucester. The Seventh movement was abandoned in consequence of the sudden decrease of my force. I had arranged

