
the matter with the flag-officer before I was informed of the decrease of my army.

The proposed landing at the Sand Box was obviated by the fact that my left turned the enemy's line at Howard's Bridge.

With the request that the inclosed papers may be laid before the Secretary and the President.

I am, respectfully, yours,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

U. S. STEAMER MINNESOTA,

Hampton Roads, Sunday, April 6, 1862-3.30 p.m.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

Commanding Army of the Potomac, near Yorktown, Va.:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Just this moment received your dispatch of last night. The Mystic is not here, nor do I expect her for some time to come. Until the guns on Gloucester Point be turned by the movement up the Severn it will be wholly impracticable, in my judgement, for the small naval force I can now detail to assist you to attack the forest at Yorktown and Gloucester with any prospect of success, unless, forsooth, it be practicable to run past those forts at night and so get on the inside of them and assail them in flank. Of this Missroon may judge. Tell him what I say. You know my position here. I dare not leave the Merrimac and consorts unguarded. Were she out of the way everything I have here should be at work in your behalf; but as things stand you must not count upon my sending any more vessels to aid your operations than those I mentioned to you. Some of them are now at and about York River, under Missroon, and the other three I hold here to move with your division up the Severn if you still intend to send over there, and, if you do not, I shall send them off to Missroon on being informed of the fact by you.

I wish it had been in your power to carry out the plan of landing at the Sand Box, up the Severn,and moving from Fort Monroe and about Newport News simultaneously. Will you not still have serious difficultly in your way in marching a force from Shipping Point to Yorktown?

The moment you tell me of your intention not to carry out the Severn movement I shall dispatch the three vessels now here for York River service to Missroon, but until I do hear from you on the subject I shall keep them on hand ready for a spring at a moment's notice.

Write me or telegraph as often as you can. I feel an intense interest in you and your operations.

In great haste, yours, most truly and faithfully,

L. M. GOLDSBOROUGH.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

WACHUSETT, April 5, 1862-11.45 a.m.

General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I received your note of 4th last evening, proposing to me to shell at long range to-day noon. I was prepared to do so with three gunboats to-day. At daylight this morning we had the first clear view, which disclosed vast additions to the fortifications

