
yet I will not hesitate to try the experiment, if required to do so, with the force, however inadequate.

I have explained to Colonel Key that if you turn the masked works which I fired on to-day and receive its fire in return, the guns would command the next water battery, which is about the fifth of a mile from it, toward Yorktown, as it appears from this ship.

With those two batteries carried, this force might approach near enough to shell Yorktown at long range, but nothing more. These vessels of this class are not calculated for closer or heavier work.

As I could not go in time to reach you to-day, as requested, I sent, after dispatching my letter to you, the second in rank, Lieutenant-Commanding Clitz, to confer with you, and now with Colonel Key I proceed to Wormley's Creekt to meet you or General Heintzelman.

Very truly, yours,

J. S. MISSROON,

Commanding.

NEAR YORKTOWN, April 8, 1862-10.30.

(Received April 10, 1862-2 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Weather terrible. Raining heavily last twenty-eight hours. Roads and camps in awful condition. Very little firing to day. Reconnaissance being continued under disadvantageous circumstances. General Sumner has arrived. Most of Richardson's division at Ship Point. I cannot move it from there in present state of roads until I get more wagons. I need more force to make the attack on Gloucester.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

No. 113. Camp near Yorktown, Va., April 8, 1862.

The following instructions are published for the guidance of this army, and will be strictly observed and enforced:

I. The order of march and the dispositions for the same will be communicated at the proper time to the commanders immediately concerned, who will be held responsible for their prompt execution.

II. While on the route, generals commanding divisions and brigades will be careful that the proper distances are observed throughout their respective columns, moving occasionally along the line or sending a staff officer to correct irregularities. Field officers of regiments will use the same means to preserve order in their commands. All unnecessary discharge of fire-arms is strictly prohibited and will be severely punished. The muskets of the troops, excepting those composing the advance and rear guards and flankers, will not be capped, unless special orders be given.

III. Halts, not exceeding ten minutes each, will be made every hour of the march and at midday, one from thirty minutes to an hour in length. The signal will be sounded from the head of the column and repeated down the whole line. Regiments will halt on the ground where they are when the signal sounds. When it is desired that the whole column shall close up regularly,the command will be given to the leading regiment and the word passed to the rear. During all halts the advance and rear guards, as well as the flankers, will remain

