
He also wishes you to draw your other divisions upon the same line, so as to connect with General Smith's left and Warwick Court-House, placing pickets upon the different small roads running toward our front and upon such other localities as you may think necessary for the security of your position; also watching closely the country below you to the mouth of Warwick River.

The general believes that under existing circumstances this will be best disposition of your corps, as it will enable you to observe the enemy and cover your masses. It will be necessary for you until further orders to supply your corps with forage and provisions from Ship Point with your own teams.

Please have the roads put in good condition as practicable.

I would suggest that whenever it can be done without loss of time you direct your teams to remain overnight at Ship Point, giving them a good feed of hay and grain there. This will economize transportation and will invigorate the animals for returning.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. FOURTH CORPS, WARWICK COURT-HOUSE, April 9, 1862-3 p.m.

Brigadier General R. B. MARCY,Chief of Staff:

SIR: I have this moment, on my return from a reconnaissance, received your dispatch of this morning. The line pointed out for Smith's division corresponds entirely with my views, and is nearly the same as that to which I supposed he would withdraw, under my order of 8 a.m. of the 7th instant, although I had not time to examine my whole front. I will direct General Smith to look out for proper camps for his brigades, so as to move as one of Sedgwick's brigades appears in his vicinity. Davidson's brigade was withdrawn a mile to the rear and considerable to the right after General McClellan was here. He can remain there until Smith establishes his other two brigades, and he will not probably find it necessary to move much to carry our your orders.

In regard to Couch's division, it may be found necessary to draw back Graham's brigade to near the Court-House and to extend Briggs' and Peck's brigades considerably more to the left and rear than they were when General McClellan reconnoitered the left. My reconnaissance this morning took me back to more than half way to Young's Mill, and I did not reach the mouth of Warwick River by more than a mile. I went quite down to the shore, and found a good hard landing and the remains of an old wharf. This morning a rebel gunboat came up into the mouth of Warwick River, fired a shell, and turned back.

I directed my pickets to connect with those thrown out from Young's Mill. They did so connect last night. I more apprehend a fight with the enemy on my left than at any other point, and must make my dispositions accordingly.

I have directed a reconnaissance of the road to Ship Point, and shall put on a working party as soon as the best route can be ascertained.

Owing to assiduous friendly exertions of that most excellent officer Brigadier-General Mansfield, I have been able to procure forage and

