
provisions from Newport News when they could not be had from Ship Point, which prevented serious suffering among my men and the probable loss of many animals. I had before the receipt of your note directed that animals should be fed well at the depots.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

E. D. KEYES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Fourth Corps, Army Potomac.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 10, 1862. (Received 6 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The reconnaissance to-day proves that it is necessary to invest and attack Gloucester Point. Give me Franklin and McCall's divisions, under command of Franklin and I will at once undertake it. If circumstances of which I am not aware make it impossible for you to send me two divisions to carry out this final plan of campaign I will run the risk and hold myself responsible for the results if you will give me Franklin's division. If you still confide in my judgment I entreat that you will grant this request. The fate of our cause depends upon it. Although willing under the pressure of necessity to carry this through with Franklin alone, I wish it to be distinctly understood that I think two divisions necessary. Franklin and his division are indispensable to me. General Barnard concurs in this view. I have determined upon the point of attack, and am at this moment engaged in fixing the positions of the batteries.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp near Yorktown, April 10, 1862-9.30 p.m.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

GENERAL: It has not rained to-day since quite early in the morning, and is now clear. The ground is already beginning to dry up, and we shall have better roads to-morrow. Additional and more suitable landing points have been found for supplies, siege material, &amp;c.; some of them on much better roads than any we have heretofore used.

I obtained to-day an excellent view of the water defenses of Yorktown and Gloucester; they are very strong. I saw a number of schooners; some landing men. Captain Missroon (commanding gunboats) informs me that re-enforcements are constantly arriving in that manner.

I have not yet heard the result of to-day's reconnaissance on the left. I directed the enemy's pickets near Lee's Mill to be driven across the stream, to enable the engineers to make a close examination.

I have telegraphed Flag-Officer Goldsborough, asking him to let me have the Naugatuck, in order that she may annoy the enemy's wharves and prevent their disembarking troops by daylight. The enemy is strengthening himself and will evidently make a desperate resistance. Gloucester is strongly fortified on the land side.

Assistant Secretary Fox has promised to let me have the Mystic. I

