
three vessels were captured must be some artillery and Ninth [N. Y.] Cavalry. Twenty-nine of these were sent here as deserters and sent to Fort Wool. I know nothing of your position, except report from several officers that your division was near Bates' Dock. It will afford me pleasure to correct any impression unfavorable to yourself.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp Scott, April 11, 1862-11.20 p.m.

Commander JOHN RODGERS,

U. S. N., Washington, D. C.:

Will you be kind enough to attend to the embarkation of General Franklin's division, and arrange matters so that is can all move together. After making arrangements for the movement I will be glad to see you here, and in time for you to join the division before it disembarks. I am particularly anxious that you should superintend the disembarkation. It will disembark on the Severn River.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Near Yorktown, April 11, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I reached these headquarters at 7 o'clock this evening, having had an accident to the steamer on the way from Fort Monroe to Ship Point, and I was five fours on horseback. The roads being almost impassable, and so entirely occupied with army. I frequently had to leave the road and take to the woods. The severe storm at Fort Monroe prevented transports from leaving for several days. The facilities for landing at Ship Point are very poor, and for several days it must have been next to impossible to move artillery over such roads. I learn that 12,000 men are engaged in repairing and building new roads. The difficulties of transportation have been so great that some of the cavalry horses had to be sent back, to keep them from starving.

I will report my observations of army movements to-morrow, but I see and earnest determination to lose no time in attacking the enemy combined.

JOHN TUCKER,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 11, 1862.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

Headquarters near Yorktown:

Franklin's division is marching to Alexandria to embark. McCall's will be sent if the safety of this city will permit. Inform me where you want Franklin to land. He will embark to-morrow and as quickly as possible.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

