
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., April 11, 1862-8.45 p.m.

Lieutenant FERGUSON,

Quartermaster, Alexandria:

Lose no time in having transportation ready to take Franklin's division to Old Point. Direct the boats to be coaled to-night, if it had not already been done.

Report to me immediately the names of the transports that are ready and how many men they can taken. I am waiting your answer at the Department.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

ALEXANDRIA, April 11, 1862. (Received 9.15 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

There are but two transports here that can be used for troops, and they are both in perfect readiness; their names are the Constitution and Ocean Queen; they can carry 7,000 men. Other transports will probably arrive to-morrow.

C. B. FERGUSON,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Near Yorktown, April 11, 1862-10 p.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Weather good; work on roads progressing. Nothing is left undone to enable us to attack with least possible delay. Reconnaissances pushed boldly and satisfactorily to-day. Several skirmishes to-day, in which we have had a few wounded-none killed. In every case drove back the enemy with considerable loss in his side. Our men show the utmost spirit in all these affairs, and have been uniformly successful. I am delighted with Franklin's orders, and beg to thank you. I shall make the movement I have alluded to as soon as possible after he arrives. There shall not be a moment's unnecessary delay in any of the operations here.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, April 12, 1862-11.30 a.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,Secretary of War:

Please have McCallum engage a first-rate wharf builder to come down at once with pile-drivers and workmen and material. I will send details in a few hours. My idea is to have a superintendent, who shall have the general control of the work, and that he should have several competent master-workmen under him.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN.

