HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Near Yorktown, April 12, 1862-12 m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Your dispatch received. I thank you most sincerely for the re-enforcements sent to me. Franklin will attack on the other side. The moment I hear from him I will state point of rendezvous. I am confident as to results now.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

APRIL 12, 1862.

Flag-Officer GOLDSBOROUGH,

Hampton Roads:

I shall be able to make our second movement. Where shall Franklin's vessels rendezvous? What of the Naugatuck; can I have her? We are pretty quiet here, but working hard.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

WACHUSETT, April 12, 1862-11 a.m.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I am happy to learn of General Franklin's destination for the point of such great importance. I communicated in reply a few minutes since that 17 feet would cross all the outside shoals and that 15 feet could be carried 2 miles up from the mouth of the Severn. No sounding are given but to just within its mouth, where are 3 1/2 fathoms. All I say of depth within the mouth is derived from pilots, who agree as to the above statement.

The Octorora (gunboat) was detailed for that service. I trust she may still be at Hampton Roads; she had a 9-inch shell gun, an 80-pounder rifle, and four 24-pounder howitzers. It is most important that Lieutenant Phelps, of the Corwin, should control that movement of vessels, as he is best informed, and whose first lieutenant has been in the river, landed there, and walked thence to the Point.

I apprehend that they enemy have fortified that entrance very strongly. I would suggest that you telegraph to the flag-officer immediately, so as to secure the services of the Octorora, which draws but 6 feet water, and those of Lieutenant-Commander Phelps, of the Corwin; both important to success.

Very truly,

J. S. MISSROON,

Commander.

APRIL 12, 1862-1 p.m.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I know of no place so good for assembling the division as just off Poquosin Flats, in from 4 to 6 fathoms water. From that point they would have to run about 15 miles, which the steamer would do in two hours, so as to reach the mouth of the Severn River by or before daylight.

The assembling off that point would not indicate positively to the

