
enemy (off Poquosin, I mean) anything more than what they know now, viz, that we have made a depot there.

I fear they have now fortified the mouth of the river, and have manned them, evening before last, with the troops that crossed over from Yorktown in our view, as I can't see what they have done with them.

Might not a landing be made at night on Gloucester on this side if your information gives assurance of strong works on the Severn?

Please look at York River chart 3 1/1 miles below Gloucester Point and 5 miles also.

Yours, very truly,

J. S. MISSROON,

Commander.

The point I would first indicate is plainly seen from our ship. Will you not come on board and see it?-the first sand beach just beyond the meadow-land. Gunboats could cover landing 600 to 800 yards off. No battery in view. A spot where oyster boats used to make landings.

A feint might be made at the Severn to keep troops there if fortified or to hand if not fortified.

Signal for a boat to land at Shields' house as the best point for embarking.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

No. 115. Camp Winf. Scott, near Yorkt'n, Va., Ap'l 12, 1862.

I. The present camp of these headquarters, and of all the troops in front of Yorktown, will be known as Camp Winfield Scott.

II. Special instances of good conduct and gallantry on the part of officers or troops will be reported without delay, through the intermediate commanders, to these headquarters. Orders of commendation are to issued at these headquarters only.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

No. 116. Camp Winf. Scott, near Yorkt'n, Va., Ap'l 12, 1862.

I. There will be established in the vicinity of General Headquarters a general depot for prisoners, under the charge of the provost-marshal-general and his staff officers.

II. In each division there will be a sub-depot, under control of the division provost-marshal, whose guard will consist of one company of infantry and one company of cavalry.

III. The provost-marshals of divisions are hereby directed to patrol from time to time during the day and the early part of the night the encampments of the division to which they belong, and will arrest and confine any soldiers found within these encampments belonging to other divisions unless they have the requisite passes from their division commanders. Any soldiers thus found with passes after taps, except such as are specially authorized by their division commanders-which authority will be written on the pass-will be dealt with in like manner.

They will also pay particular attention to those unauthorized persons

