
who may come within their lines for the sale of contraband goods; and if any such be found, will send them under charge of a guard to the provost-marshal-general's office, with a written report of the circumstances of the arrest and of the crime with which they are charged.

IV. The provost-marshals of divisions will submit daily to the provost-marshal-general, unless otherwise directed by him, consolidated morning reports of the forces under their command, together with a list of prisoners, showing the offenses for which they were committed, the letter of the company, the number of the regiment, the number of the brigade, and the name of the division to which they belong. It will also show the date of confinement and by whom confined, the list of prisoners of war and state being kept separately from that of offenders belonging to the army. They will specify on the morning reports the number and strength of the patrols from time to time sent out.

When the army is in position these reports will be sent in by 12 m., but when on the march they will be sent in at the earliest practicable moment after arriving in camp.

A guard, in charge of an officer, accompanying the morning report, will be sent in to the headquarters of the provost-marshal-general, to escort such prisoners as do not belong to the division and take back with it such prisoners as may belong to the division from which it came.

V. The foregoing will apply to the division of reserve cavalry, the brigade of regular infantry, and the reserve artillery, with this exception, that the commanders thereof will designate the strength of the force assigned to the provost-marshal from their own command.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., April 13, 1862.

Major-General BANKS:

Deserters from Yorktown to Fort Monroe and contrabands that have come into McDowell's camp agree in the statement that the enemy's force has left the Rappahannock for Yorktown.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, April 13, 1862.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

Headquarters near Yorktown:

General Franklin has started for Fort Monroe, via Baltimore, this afternoon. Nothing new. Beauregard is reported to be dead, but this comes from General Banks as a report, and is not relied on.

EDWIN M. STANTON.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, April 13, 1862-9 a.m.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Dispatch received. Arrangement proposed for Franklin would assist me much. Our work progressing well. We shall soon be at them, and

