
This will be handed you by Dr. Warren, medical director of my division, who is fully informed of the particulars of the case, and who will communicate to you the facts. His statements you can rely on as correct.

I am, sir, with respect, your obedient servant,

SILAS CASEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Third Division, Fourth Army Corps.

[Inclosure C.]
HDQRS. DIVISION OF ARTILLERY (CASEY'S DIVISION), April 13, 1862.

Captain HENRY W. SMITH,Asst. Adjt. General, Headquarters Casey's Division:

CAPTAIN: I have been requested by the general commanding the division to make a written statement of the fact concerning the capture of three schooners by the rebel steamer Jamestown on the 11th instant. I have the honor, therefore, to submit the following official report:

On the morning of the 11th instant I was attracted to the beach by the discharge of heavy guns. I found the rebel steamer Merrimac, accompanied by six gunboats, near the opposite shore, between Sewell's Point and the mouth of the Elizabeth River. They were then directly opposite the encampment of General Casey's division, and at least 3 miles from our own shore.

Soon after I arrived the Jamestown steamed down rapidly, hugging their own shore for a considerable distance, and then bore directly upon the three schooners, which were apparently anchored off Hampton. The course of the Jamestown was such as to increase her distance from General Casey's encampment. If there was any point between this and Fort Monroe where field guns could have been brought to bear upon her it must have been near and above the village of Hampton, where I understand there were two or more batteries of field artillery subject to the orders of General Wool.

My opinion at the time was (and still is) that nothing but heavy guns could have reached her, even from the place just mentioned; and I am positive that no rebel gunboat came within 3 miles of the shore occupied by General Casey.

The extreme range of 3-inch guns is 4,000 yards.

I may mention that soon after the appearance of the rebel steamers the artillery on this division was placed in position and so kept throughout the day, from which it could be instantly deployed near the beach in case the enemy came within range. But of course no ammunition was thrown away upon an enemy at twice the effective range of our guns.

I am, captain, respectfully, &amp;c.,

G. D. BAILEY,

Colonel and Chief of Division Artillery.

FORT MONROE, VA., April 13, 1862-4 p.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

By an explanation of Brigadier-General Casey it would appear that his division was not near the three vessels that were captured by the

