
trenches are being rapidly made. Our reconnaissances are now giving us the information we need. I cannot exaggerate the difficulties of reconnaissances here, but we are surmounting them.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

NEAR YORKTOWN, April 14, 1862.

General J. W. RIPLEY,

Chief of Ordnance:

Twelve 10-inch mortars, eight 8-inch mortars, one 8-inch siege howitzer, five 100-pounder and five 30-pounder Parrott's, and ten 4 1/2-inch rifled guns of the siege train requested to be sent here have arrived, and we hear nothing of the remainder. I am directed to ask that the other guns ordered may be pushed forward immediately, and that navy carriages may be procured, if possible, for the eight other 100-pounder Parrott guns on hand in New York and at Fort Monroe. I am also directed to ask that all the war rockets and tripods for firing the same at Washington Arsenal may be sent here; also the Union repeating guns and ammunition on hand; 500 carcasses each for 12 and 24 and 32 pounders, and for 8 and 10 inch calibers any incendiary shells that may be procured, and all the 4 1/1-inch guns available. If any tables of fire have been prepared for these guns they ought also to be furnished, and I would again urge upon the Department the necessity of having an efficient officer to attend to the forwarding of stores after their arrival in this vicinity. It is probable that much property will be lost without such an officer, and at this time it may be invaluable.

C. P. KINGSBURY,

Colonel and Chief of Ordnance.

CAMP WINFIELD SCOTT,

Near Yorktown, April 14 [1862]-9 p.m.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN:

I have seen General Frankllin, and beg to thank you for your kindness and consideration. I now understand the matter, which I did not before.

Our field guns annoyed the enemy considerably to-day. Roads and bridges now progressing rapidly. Siege guns and ammunition coming up very satisfactorily. Shall have nearly all up to-morrow.

The tranquillity of Yorktown is nearly at an end.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

CAMP WINFIELD SCOTT,

Near Yorktown, April 14, 1862-10.30 p.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Weather continued favorable. Making good progress in repairing the roads to the depots as well as on the new roads and bridges leading to the trenches. Busily making gabions and fascines and other

