THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3073
amend the amendment by striking out the last
word. Nothing is more common,! presume, all
over the country than the assignment of n®tes
secured by mortgage, different parties holding
notes secured by the same mortgage, and each
having the benefit of the mortgage to the
extent of the notes held by him, the general
doctrine being that notes are secured in the
orderin which they become due, or the order
in which they are to the extent of the property
mortgaged. The question arises whether the
assignmentof the note takes with it the assign-
ment of the security of the mortgage. This
stamp act comes in, and it is a question whether
the assignee is entitled to the benefit of the
jsecurifcy. It seems to me some mode might
be de.vised by which that uncertainty would be
removed. If it could it would be of great
benefit to the country. I do not know whether
the subject has ever before been brought to
the attention of the Committee of Ways and
Means or not.
I withdraw my amendment to the amend-
ment.
The committee divided on the amendment
of Mr. Stevens, of New Hampshire ; and
there were—ayes thirty-two, noes not counted.
Mr. STEVENS, of New Hampshire. I hope
the gentleman will consent to give us a vote
in the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. I agree to that, that the
amendment shall be reserved for a vote in the
House.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that the com-
mittee rise, with a view of doing away with the
evening session and continuing our present
session until five o'clock. I think the House
will be ready to do more business if it is agreed
to. Then the committee which meets in the
morning to perfect amendments should have
time to do so.
The motion was agreed to ; there being on
a division—ayes 49, noes 30.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Pomeuoy re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had had under consid-
eration the state of the Union generally, and
particularly the special order, being the bill
(H. R. No. 1060) to reduce into one act and
to amend the laws relating to internal taxes,
arid had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that the order
for an evening session to-day bo rescinded,
and that the session to-day continue until five
o'clock instead of half past four.
Mr. BLAINE. Say half past five.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will only move that the
evening session be dispensed with for to-day.
Mr. SCHBNCK. I hope that will not be
done unless it is agreed to sit until half past
five. I admit I should like to have an even-
ing's rest myself, but I am willing to sit until
half past five. If we cannot do that I hope
the evening session will not be dispensed with.
Mr. PAINE. I voted in favor of the rising
of the committee under the supposition that
it was agreeable to the Committee of Ways
and Means,- I understand now it is not, and
I shall vote against the pending motion.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
43, noes 35 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Mr. Garfield and Mr. Paixe.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes S3, noes 41.
Mr. fROWBRIDGE demanded they eas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered
So the evening session for to-day was dis-
pensed with.
leave 01' absence.
Mr. Moorhead was granted leave of absence
for a week.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled au act (II. R.
No. 601) making appropriations for the naval
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 193.
service for the year ending June 30,1869; when
the Speaker signed the same.
Mr. GARFIELD moved that the rules be
suspended and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union to resume the consideration of the tax
bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved that the House
adjourn; and demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and the Speaker
appointed Mr. Higby and Mr. Sohenok.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 47, noes '51.
Mr. BENJAMIN demanded the yeas-and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 50, nays 50, not voting
89; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baker, Barnes, Beatty, Benjamin,
Benton, Blair, Boyer, Bromwoll, Burr, Chanler,
CuHom, Eckley.Ela, Eldridge, Ferriss, Glossbremier,
Golladay, Gravely, Grover, Harding, Higby, Hol-
inan, Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Chester D. Hubbard,
Hulburd, Julian, Kitchen, Knott, Lincoln, Marshall,
Maynard. Mercur, Nioholson. Peters, Polsley, Robin-
son, Ross, Spalding, Aaron P.Stevens, Stewart, Taber,
TafFe, LawrenccS. Trimble, Trowbridge,Upson, Van
Aukon, Van Trump, Ward, and Windora—50.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Amos, Beaman, Blaine,
Butler, Cake, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb,
Cook, Cornell. Covode, Dawes, Driggs, Eliot, Ferry,
Garfield, Get?,, Griswold, Halsey, Jenckes, Judd,
Ketcham, Koontz, Logan, Lynch, McClurjr, Miller,
Moore. Morrell, Mullins, Niblaek, O'Neill, Paine,
Pi!o, Pomeroy, Price, Raum, Robertson, Sawyer,
Sehertfck, Seofield, Starkweather, Stokes, Taylor,
Twiehell, Van Aornam, Robert T. Van-Horn, Wil-
liam li. Washburn, and Wellter—50.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Archer,
Arncll, Delos R.Ashley, James M. Ashley, Axtell,
Bailey, Baldwin, Banks, Barnura, Beck, Bingham,
Boutwell, Brooks, Broomall, Bucklund, Cary, Sid-
ney Clarke, Coburn, Delano, Dixon, Dodge, Don-
nelly, Eggleston, Farnsworth, Fields, Kinney, Fox,
Uaigiit, Hawkins, Hill, Hooper, Asahel W. llub-
bard. Richard D. Hubbard. Humphrey, Hunter,
Ingersoll, Johnson, Jones. Ivclley. Kelsey, Kerr,
Lailin, Georgo V. Lawrence, William Lawrence,
Loan.Loughndge, Mallory, Marvin, McCarthy, Mc-
Coriniok, McCullough, Moorhead, Mom&scy, Mun-
gen, Myers, Newcomb, IS'unn, Orth, Perliam, Phelps,
Pike,Plants, Poland,Pruyn, Randall, 8olye, Shanks,
Shellabaraer, Sitsrreaves. Smith, Thaddeus Stevens,
Stone, Thomas, Johr. Trimble, Bart Van Horn, Van
Wyck, Cadwalnder 0. Washburn, Elihu B. Wash-
btune, Henry D.Washburn, Thomas Williams, Wil-
liam Williams, James F. Wilson, Jolm T. Wilson,
StophenF. Wilson, Wood, Woodbridge, and Wood-
ward—89.
So the House refused to adjourn.
reconstruction.
On motion of Mr. BEAMAN, by unanimous
consent, the amendments of the Senate to the
bill (II. R. No. 1058) to admit the States of
North Carolina, South Carolina, Louisiana,
Georgia, and Alabama to representation in
Congress were taken from the Speaker's tabic,
and referred to the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and resume the consideration of the
internal tax bill.
Mr. HARDING. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at four o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. KELSEY: The remonstrance of
cigar manufacturers and journeymen cigar-
makers of the town of Seneca, Ontario county,
New York, against an increase of the tax upon
the manufacture of cigars.
By Mr. POLSLEY: The petition for the
establishment of a post route from Kanawha
Salines, in Kanawha county, to Hiram Size-
move's, in Clav county, West Virginia.
By Mr. ROBERTSON: The petition of
General Sigel and others, committee of arrange-
ments of the National Association of Ameri-
can Sharpshooters for the third American
shooting festival, to be heldiu New York city
from June 26 to July 6, 1868, praying that cer-
tain prizes donated by friends and kindred
associations in Europe may be exempted from
the payment of duties.
IN SENATE.
Friday, June 12, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WILSON_ presented the petition of
Clinton P. Taggart, for pay for horses lost in
the service of the United States ; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. FRELIN'GHUYSEN presented the
memorial of the Protestant Episcopal parish
of St. Mary's, Burlington, New Jersey, praying
for the refunding of the duty paid on a chime
of bells at New York under a misconstruction
of the revenue laws; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. MORGAN presented the memorial of
James Boorman Johnston and John A. Stew-
art, trustees for the holders of the mortgage
bonds of the Selma, Rome, and Dalton Rail-
road Company, praying that the lands granted
to the State of Alabama and transferred to that
railroad company may be" exempted from the
operation of the bill (H. R. No. 267) to declare
forfeited to the United States certain lands
granted to aid in the construction of railroads
in the States of Alabama, Mississippi, Louisi-
ana, and Florida, and for other purposes, and
that the change of location and route of that
railroad may be recognized and authorized by
Congress, and a grant of lands made to aid in
its construction ; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. RAMSEY. I present a memorial from
that eminent publicist, Dr. Francis Licber, on
the subject of the postal service in the western
States. I will read a portion of it:
"The memorial of the undersigned respectfully
shows that the existing law regulating the carriage
of the mail and charge of postage exacts letter post-
age on everything carried by the mail to the western
Territories this side of California, excepting only
newspapers and periodicals when sent to regular
subscribers from the respective places of their pub-
lication. Books, reports, occasional numbers of
periodicals, singlo newspapers, circulars, documents,
maps, p unphlets of all sorts—on all of these the let-
ter postage at three cents for half an ounce must bo
paid. The law exempts, it is believed, documents
flanked by members of Congress, but so far as the
individual experience of your memorialist goes they
do not reach the places of their destination.
"Soldiers stationed in the States this side of the
Rocky mountains or in California may, according to
the oxisting law, rceeivo apparel and other things by
mail at a reduced postage. This advantage, too, is
denied the soldier stationed in the said Territories,
who indeed stands most in need of this lavor.
" This is a great grievance. Our sons and brothers
andiathers m these distant Territories,whether they
are in the Army, or pioneers as civilians in the ser-
vice of civilization, stand most in need of constant
and easy mail communication. If we boast that the
school goes regularly along with the clearing ax and
the miner s pick-ax, wo ought not, it seems, to levy
such postage on each primer, which is solely needed
long belore presses can be erected, as to prevent it
from being sent by thethousand; and unless this can
be done, the school-book is as not oxisting for the
people m the distant West, however active an agent
it may be elsewhere."
I move that this memorial be referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and if there is no objection, 1 ask that it be
printed. There are some interesting facts in
it that may be useful to the Senate.
Hie PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mc-
™ori^J„wi11 be referred to the Committee oil
1 osfc Offices and Post Roads, and the order to
'pi1"™"'' eni"ere<^ 'f there be no objection,
ihe Chair hears no objection.
reports of committees.
- SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, reported a bill (S. No. 535) to
reward the services of Matthew Low, of Nas-
sau; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
He also presented letters from the Secretary
j , ® an<^ from the Secretary of the Navy,
addressed to the chairman of the Committee
