1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Id#®
Blair,] whether, if this be true, the soldiers
in the Army, their pensioned widows, and crip-
pled comrades now the laborers on the streets,
the mechaaic in his workshop, the farmer for
Ills produce, the trader for his commodities,
and the sexton who "gathers them in," are
all compelled to receive greenbacks in full pay-
ment, we they treated justly? Again, is the
bondholder entitled to payment in gold and
silver while those above named are compelled
to lake rags ?
Mr. BLAIR. That is very good, indeed;
very good. That is a catchword which is used
to deceive the people all over the country. I
undertook to show, and thought that I had
answered the cavil of the gentleman, that the
greenback has some value, because a man may
trast that the Government means to pay it in
gold at some period. I said that the Govern-
ment ought to do it, and to do it directly: if
not now, then as soon as it can ; that that was
its duty, and it is for the benefit of all that this
should be done. I wish to make these securi-
ties more valuable than less so. It was a great
necessity which caused the use of this paper
at all. My sole object is to get rid of it as
soon as may be and to return tea sound specie-
paying currency.
Mr. WELKER. Will the gentleman allow
me to make one remark ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Law-
rexce, of Ohio.) The hour of the gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Blair] has expired.
Mr. PERHAM obtained the floor.
Mr. WELKER._ Will the gentleman yield
to me for a few minutes?
Mr. PERHAM. I cannot yield to thegen 
tleman for more than a remark or two.-
Mr. WELKER. I desire to say that I think
the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Blair] has
not correctly represented the position taken
by the recent Republican convention in Ohio
in reference to the payment of the bonds of
the United States in greenbacks. That is all
I will now take time to say, although I would be
glad to say more, if it were not for trespassing
too far upon the courtesy of the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Pekham.]
RELIEF FROM TAXATION—THE NATION'S H-
NANCES.
Mr. PERHAM. Mr. Speaker, next in im-
portance to the restoration of the whole
try to a condition of peace, happiness,
prosperity, and intimately connected with'
are the questions in which our financial inter-
ests are involved. These questions are not
only very important, affecting the interests of
al! the people, but exceedingly intricate. We
are so unlike a!i other countries that their ex-
perience furnishes no guide for us, and our
present condition is so unlike anything in our
past history that our own experience furnishes
but an uncertain light. True, we have many
men among us who comprehend the whole sub-
ject, can see with mathematical certainty the
precise results of any given policy, and can tell
us exactly the kind of legislation needed to set
all the financial machinery of the Government
in harmonious and successful operation. Un-
fortunately, however, no two of these men can
see alike. "What one knows will produce cer-
tain results the other believes he knows will
produce entirely different results. Some of
us not favored with this remarkable light and
foresight, who have been obliged to grope our
way in the partial darkness, have sometimes
attempted to follow in the path of these lumin-
aries in the hope of bringing order out of con-
fusion, but only to experience the. mortification
of seeing "confusion worse confounded." I
confess that I have not quite as much confi-
dence in the judgments of men- "learned in
finance" as I onee had. In our present con-
dition much wisdom and great caution are
required. We are liable to legislate too much.
In this lies our great danger. Laws of Con-
gress should not interfere with what the laws
of business demand. We need time as well as
laws to adjust our disordered finances. Every
40th Com. 2d Sbss.—No. 129.
step should be thoroughly considered before it
is taken. Better not move at all than take a
step in the wrong direction. This lesson it is
hoped we have learned by the experience of
the past.
The work before us may be stated as follows:
To lighten the burdens of taxation.
To establish the national credit.
To give a currency that shall bo equal to
gold.
To lower the rates of interest.
To provide for the payment of the national
debt.
I propose to discuss briefly the principles in-
volved in these several propositions, though
not, perhaps, in the order in which I have
stated them.
The large balances against ns in our foreign
trade, which we are obliged to supply by ship-
ments of gold and the most valuable of our
securities, has become a source of anxiety to
the people and threatens to involve us in fur-
ther financial embarrassments unless a remedy
can speedily be applied. The balance of trade
with foreign nations has for the last four years
averaged $>200,000,000 per annum against us.
That is, we have imported 5200,000,000 more
than we have exported, and have supplied the
balancc by sending abroad Government bonds,
railroad, mineral, and other valuable stocks,
and gold. This practice is ruinous to us and
must not be continued. If our people would
content themselves with articles of our own
production and manufacture, instead of im-
porting so largely from abroad, these balances,
now so ruinous, would soon be turned in our
favor; but this they will not do to any con-
siderable extent while the means of indulgence
in imported luxuries are at hand. How, then,
shall these balances be met? I can see but one
safe method, and that is the increase of our
exportable products and manufactures.
The restoration of the States recently in
rebellion on a basis that will secure the rapid
development of their immense resources and
their assimilation to the great industrial in-
terests of the other States in the Union, now
so auspiciously progressing, will do very much
toward this>-esult. But more than this must
be done^uupital, now lying dormant, must
be eajied out from its depositories^ national
taxafton, now paralyzing so many of the in-
dustrial interests of the country, must be re-
" iced and placed chiefly upon luxuries; labor
must be made to yield a reward corresponding
to the cost ot' living. Our agricultural and
mineral resources must be developed. The
music of the spindle and the hum of busy in-
dustry must again be heard in all our manufac-
tories. Our ship-yards, once the source of
prosperity and wealth to the country, but now
almost deserted, must be made again to re-
sound with the ax and hammer. Our com-
merce, now so much depressed, must be re-
vived-. Open the avenues of labor; give the
workingman enough to do ; protect him from
ruinous competition with the pauper labor
of Europe ; unlock the vaults in which much
of our capital is hoarded: put the money in
circulation; make the industries of the coun-
try active; develop our immense resources;
send more of the products of the soil and man-
ufactures abroad ; make the ledger of foreign
trade show a balance in our favor, so as to
enable us to keep our gold and valuable stocks
at home: these are the great demands of the
times, and which challenge our most earnest
attention. We can hardly expect to accom-
plish these desirable results while the in-
dustrial interests of the country are burdened
with heavy taxation. The bill just passed re-
lieves many of these interests a^id will be hailed
with great joy in all parts of the country and
impart a new impetus to business. Bat other
interests need the same relief, and I trust will
obtain it before the close of this session.
BELIEF PE03I TAXATION.
During the war, and while the necessity ex-
isted, the people of this country bore the bur-
dens of unprecedented taxation willingly and
cheerfully, and met all the demands made upon
them by the Government with wonderful prompt-
ness; bat now, when the war has closedf, they
expect, and have a right to demand, that the
expenses be reduced to something likeapeace
basis. We are now not only suffering from the
general derangement of business growing out
of a gigantic civil combat, but the States and
municipalities are struggling to free themselves
from debts contracted during the war, and while
they are doing this, especially national taxation
must be made to rest as lightly as possible. No
burdens should be imposed except such as are
absolutely nccessary, and those should not ap-
ply to the necessaries of life. How much tax
should be raised? Just enough to meet such
expenses as, in the exercise of the most rigid
economy, arencccssary todefray the expenses
of the Government, including interest on the
public debt, (with perhaps a small sum for its
reduction,) bounties and pensions, and no
more. Notwithstanding the large expenditures
necessary for the payment of officers and men
of the military and naval service at the time
of their discharge, including bounties, pen-
sions, &c., we have, since the close of the war,
reduced our national debt more than two hun-
dred and fifty million dollars, or at the rate of
about one hundred and twenty million dollars
per annum.
The large expenditures growing outof the dis-
charge of the Army'and the reorganization of
the States lately in rebellion, have chiefly been
met, so that hereafter by an economical ad-
ministration of public affairs we can reduce
our national taxes very largely and still con-
tinue a rate of reduction that would pay the
whole debt in about twenty years. To attempt
to pay the debt in that time, however, is, in
my judgment, neither necessary nor wise. l*he
debt has been incurred in the maintenance of a
Government in which the interests of the future
are as much involved as those ofthe present, and
should bear a portion of the price of the na-
tion's life. This generation- has paid the cost
of liberty and Union in blood, and the next, tc
which we bequeath this priceless inheritance,
may well pay its share of the debt. The in-
crease of wealth and population will rapidly
reduce the proportionate burdens of the debt.
The value of the property of the country nearly
or quite doubles every ten years; so that, if the
debt is now ten per cent, of our valuation, in
1S7S it will be but five per cent.j in 1888 two
and one-half per cent.; and when, in 1900, our
valuation shall have reached §200,000,000,000,
and our population eighty millions, the debt, if
no part of the principal should be paid before,
would be comparatively small, and its burdens
would be so light on each individual as to be
scarcely felt. •
But to return to the question, how much is
it necessary to raise by taxation? The Com-
mittee on Appropriations, after a careful ex-
amination of the subject, have reported that
the following sums will be sufficient to meet
the necessary expenses ofthe Government for
the next fiscal year:
Army 533,082,093
Navy ld,09o,045
Executive, legislative, and judicial  17,111),478
Post Ofllee Department  4,050.000
Con-iulsr and diplomatic  1,261,434
Indian Department  3,000,800
West Point .Xlilitaiy Academy  303,000
Miscellaneous of all kinds  1-1,000,000
Total expenses of the Government $90,912,050
This is a sum somewhat larger than was re-
quired before the war, but not so much larger
as the difference between gold and currency.
For the fiscal year ending June 80, 1808, the
expenditures for the same purpose were about
seventy millions, equivalent to gold, which,
in the present currency, would be equal to
$98,000,000.
The other expenses, chiefly made necesssaiy
by the war, are estimated as follows:
Interest on the public debt 
  
Total amount necessary . 6,242,050
