1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1025
Now, Mr. Chairman, 1 take the ground, in
the first place, lhat the House will not do this
injustice. We hare decided not to raise the
compensation of the employes in the Depart-
ments twenty per cent.
Mr. WASIIBURXE. of Illinois. My friend's
remarks are, out of order, and I hope he will
reserve them to another time.
Mr. PIKE. I am in order. I hope the
committee will not do the injustice to refuse
to change the law in reference to the compen-
sation of members while at the same time they
reduce the compensation of others from that
which the law provides, and who are equally
as well entitled to get what the law now allows
as we are.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I oppose
the amendment, and shall ask the committee
to rise unless it is agreed to close the debate
on this paragraph by unanimous consent.
Mr. SCHENCK. I want to make an inquiry.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the committee rise for the purpose of
closing this debate.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 65, noes 4.0.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Rpeakerhavingresumed the chair, Mr. Wilson,
of Iowa, reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, accord-
ing to order, had the special order under con-
sideration, being House bill No. GUo, making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1809, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. WASIiBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the rules be suspended and the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and pending that motion
he moved that all further debate on the pend-
ing paragraph of the appropriation bill under
consideration in the committee be closed in
one minute after its consideration shall be re-
sumed.
Mr. MUNGEN moved that the House ad-
journ.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
84, noes 85.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the motion was agreed to ; and there-
upon (at three o'clock and Hfty minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
; Vaughn, widow of Daniel Vaughu, deceased,
late private company A, fifty-eighth Penusyl
: \ania volunteers, for a pension.
\ By Mr. O'NEILL: A memorial of William
I S. liansell & Sons, Booking Biw., Samuel II.
I Phillips, 15. I'. Moyer & Bros., Kneass & Co.,
i Lacey Welker & Co., William Gallagher, A. M.
! Dorman. S. P. Harmer, William li. Pearce,
j and It. Nece & Co., leading manufacturers of
i saddlery and harness in the city of Philadel-
! phia, asking for the repeal of the internal rev-
| enue tax upon goods made by them.
By Mr. PAINE: Resolutions relating to
j payment of bounties and pensions, adopted at
j a meeting of soldiers iu Milwaukee, January
j GO, 1868.
I By Mr. OUTII: The petition for a mail
I route from Elizaville, via Millwood, to Nobles-
ville, Indiana.
By Mr. PHELPS: The claim of Thomas II.
Mube, of Baltimore, Maryland, for compen-
sation for beef cattle.
By Mr. POLAND : The petition of John II.
Garges, praying compensation for property
taken by the military authorities of the United
States.
Also, the petition of James Crux, praying
compensation for property taken by the mili-
tary authorities of the United States.
By Mr. STOKES: The petition of Lucinda
Tweed.
Also, the petition of Elizabeth Shelton.
Also, the petition of the loyal citizens of
Tennessee, for payment for supplies furnished
the Federal Army during the late rebellion.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts:
The petition of Rodney Wallace andothers, cit-
izens of Fitchburg, Massachusetts, asking that
the tax may be removed from burning gas
where it is manufactured in small quantities.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By the SPExVKER: The petition of Sheriff
J. V. Stephenson, of Paris, Texas, for the con-
tinuance of the Freedmen's Bureau.
By Mr. BOUTWELL: The petition of J.
Wright and others, C. F. Battles and others,
William C. Avery and others, manufacturers,
in reference to taxation and to the expendi-
tures of the Government.
By Mr. COVODE : The petition of Samuel
Wills, of Lananark, Illinois, lor relief.
By Mr. FERRY: A memorial of J. H. Palmer,
Theodore C. Downing, and 250 others, citi-
zens, praying that a post route be established
between the city of Battle Creek, in Calhoun
county, and Nashville, in Barry county, Michi-
gan, via post office villages of Assyria and Maple
Grove.
By Mr. GOLLADAY : The petition of Mary
F. Williams, of Cumberland county, Kentucky,
praying for compensation for a horse pressed
by the United States authorities.
By Mr. GRAVELY: The petition of citi-
zens of Springfield, Missouri, praying the es-
tablishment of a district court at Springfield,
Missouri.
Also, the petitions of citizens of Arkansas,
asking that a certain road in said State be
declared a post route.
By Mr. MYERS: The petition of Anne
40tii Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 65.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 7, 1808.
Prayer by Rev. E. II. Gu.tr, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. I desire
to present a memorial, signed by certain officers,
setting forth that they are honorably discharged
officers of the late Army raised to suppress the
rebellion, and while in service as such officers
there became due them as a part of their com-
pensation pay for servants kept by them at the
rate of sixteen dollars per month, from and
after the 1st day of May, 1864, by virtue of the
act of Congress approved June 20, 1864, in-
creasing the pay of the private soldiers of the
Army. They state further, that their right to
the difference between eleven dollars per month
for each of their servants kept during the pe-
riod from May I, 1864, to March 3, 1865, was
frequently urged at the time and since, but with-
out success, and that finally counsel was em-
ployed to present the question to the courts, in
order to fix a rule for the guidance of the depart-
ment j and accordingly suit was brought in the
United States Court of Claims in the case of
Charlotte M. Crocker, the widow of the late
General M. M. Crocker, oflowa, and that court
without dissent sustained tlic right claimed.
They further state, that in order to obtain the
decision of the highest judicial tribunal the
United States Solicitor appealed the cases de-
cided by the Court of Claims to the Supreme
Court of the United States, where they are now
pending.
They further state, that on Monday, the 20th
day of January, 1868, the Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Wilson] introduced in the Sen-
ate a bill which is designed to prohibit the pay-
ment to the petitioners of any portion of this
claim, even should the Supreme Court of the
United States decide that they are entitled to
it. I suppose the proper reference is to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and I move its
reference to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I have reoeived two me-
morials, signed by a large number of citizens
in the city and county of New York, relating
to a memorial adopted by the national conven-
tion of manufacturers assembled at Cleveland,
Ohio, December 18, 1867, which relates to
adjusting the internal revenue taxes so as not
to depress American industry and American
labor. I move their reference to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I have also received two
memorials, adopted by the same convention on
the_ 18th of December, 1807, at Cleveland,
Ohio, relating to the manner of collecting the
revenue taxes, and suggesting that revenue
agents and collectors and assessors should be
men of the highest character and respectabil-
ity, and that all candidates for such offices
should undergo an examination into their
moial and educational fitness. I do not know
but that these memorials should have been
sent to the President of the United States, aa
he makes all selections of officers; but as they
are sent to the Senate, and as the Senate do
have the privilege of advising and consenting
to such appointments, 1 propose respectfully to
refer them to the Committee on Finance.
The memorial was so referred.
Mr. DRAKE presented a memorial of Hess,
Becker & Co., of St. Charles, Missouri, asking
that the duty on imported ultra marine blue
be changed from an ad valorem to a specific
one ; which was referred to the Committee on
biuance.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Minnesota, praying the establishment
of a mail route from Hastings to Stillwater
and a mail route from Prescott to St. Paul, in
that State; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, relative to the protection
of American citizens in foreign countries;
which were referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, in favor of removing the
Indian tribes now occupying the country lying
| between the forks of the Cneyenne river, Da-
kota Territory, to some other locality, and
that that region may be made available to the
needs of the white man ; which waa referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, recommending that aid
be granted to the Northern Pacific Railroad
Company; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the petition of
the American Statistical Association, signed
by their president, in which they respectfully
call the attention of Congress to nine differ-
ent propositions relating to the proposed met-
rical system of weights and measures and coins.
The petition and accompanying papers mainly
relate to what is called the metrical system of
coinage. As that subject is now before the
Committee on Finance, I shall ask, the refer-
ence of the petition to that committee; but at
the same time it seems to me that the charac-
ter of this petition, which I have carefully ex-
amined, and the subject to which it relates,
its delicacy and its scientific character make
it important that these results shall not be lost,
as they might be by a simple reference. I shall,
therefore, venture to ask the Senate to order
the printing of this petition. It seems to me
that they will not essentially depart from their
rules if, in view of the character of this docu-
ment, they do authorize its printing. 1 there-
fore now present it, and move its reference
to the Committee on F'inance, and that it be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE presented a memorial
of honorably discharged officers of the late
Army to suppress rebellion, protesting against
the passage of the bill prohibiting the payment
