3074
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
on Foreign -Relations, in relation to the ser-
vices of Matthew Low, a resident of Nassau,
New Providence, to the United States gunboat
Tioga ; which were ordered to be printed to
accompany the bill.
Mr. NYE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
189) to amend the various acts establishing
the Navy Department of the United States,
reported it with amendments.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 398) to establish the right of way of
the Portage Lake and Lake Superior ship-
canal, and to provide for the extension and
completion of the same, reported it with an
amendment.
Mr. WILLEY. The Committee on Claims
lave had under consideration the petition of
Robert Gibson, of Kentucky, praying for com-
pensation for subsistence stores supplied to the
Army of the United States. Mr. President, this
presents one of the numerous cases of hardship
occurring all over the border States during the
war. it seems that United States troops were
quartered on the farm of this gentleman for some
time, and while there seized and consumed a
good deal of his property, hogs, poultry, vege-
tables, horses, burned his fences, &c. It does
not seem to have been done by any regular
authority of the officers, though the fact is that
the troops did seize and appropriate the prop-
erty, perhaps to the value of thousands of dollars.
It appeared to the committee to be in the nature
of an unauthorized depredation by the troops,
and although a case of great hardship it is of
such a nature that the committee do not feel
authorized to enter into it. They are there-
fore under the necessity of directing the peti-
tion to be reported back to the Senate, with a
motion that they be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The com-
mittee will be discharged, no objection being
made.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Elizabeth Carson, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 53(i) for the relief of
Elizabeth Carson. The bill was read and
passed to a second reading; and the report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 534) relating to contested elec-
tions ill the city of Washington, District of
Columbia, have directed me to report it back
with an amendment. As this is of immediate
importance and probably necessary to prevent
anarchy in the city, I ask for its present con-
sideration.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object to its present
consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the bill goes over under the rule.
ItlSV. JOHN m'mAIION.
Mr. MORTON. The Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (II. R. No. 137) requesting the Pres-
ident to intercede with her Majesty the Queen
of Great Britain to secure the speedy release
of Rev. John McMahon, convicted on achargc
of treason-felony, and now confined at Kings-
ton, Canada West, have instructed me to report
it back and recommend its passage ; and 1 ask
for the present consideration of the resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Indiana asks for the present consid-
eration of the joint resolution reported by him.
It requires unanimous consent.
Mr. HOWARD. I am very anxious to take
up Senate bill No. 256 this morning, relating to
the Central Branch Union Pacific railroad. If
this resolution is not going to take any time in
discussion I will not make any objection to it.
Mr. MORTON and Mr. JOHNSON. It will
not take any time.
Mr. CONNESS. I will say that I have no
objection to the consideration of this bill, but
I hope my friend from Michigan will not call
up the bill to which he refers to the exclusion
of one that I ain anxious to have action upon
and which I think will not excite discussion.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The resolution was reported to the Senate,
ordered to a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
exchange of documents.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Conynittee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 121) to carry into effect the resolu-
tion approved March 2, 1867, providing for
the exchange of certain public documents,
have instructed me to report it back with
amendments. This is to carry into effect a
wholesome law, and the want of this provision
stands in the way of it. I hope it will be con-
sidered at the present time. I am sure there
will be no objection to it.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Congressional
Printer to print fifty copies in addition to the
regular number of all documents hereafter
printed by order of either House of Congress
or any Department or bureau of the Govern-
ment, and one hundred copies additional of
all documents ordered to be printed in excess
of the usual number ; the fifty or one hundred
copies in each case to be delivered to the
Librarian of Congress, to be exchangecUiuder
the direction of the joint Committee on the
Library as provided by the joint resolution
approved March 2, 18(57. It is further pro-
vided that fifty copies of each publication
printed under direction of any Department or
bureau of the Government, whether at the
Congressional Printing Office or elsewhere,
shall be placed at the disposal of the joint
Committee on the Library, to carry out the
provisions of the resolution of March 2, 1867.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Printing was to insert after the word "printer,"
in line four, the words, " whenever ho shall
be so directed by the joint Committee on the
Library."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the eighth line,
after the word "documents" to insert "when-
ever he shall be directed by the joint Com-
mittee on the Library."
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendments were
concurred in.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
time, and passed.
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. CORBETT, it was
Ordered, ThatGoldamith k Brother have leave to
withdraw from tlio files of the Sonato their petition
and papers.
bills introduced.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 537) for the relief of Walter Crane, of
Michigan ; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 159.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope not, because by
a kind of consent it was agreed that the bank-
ing bill should be disposed of to-day.
Mr. CONNESS. I did not so understand.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We have not got through
yet with the morning business, and I object to
the motion at present, as I desire to introduce
a bill.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The motion
cannot now be entertained but by unanimous
consent.
Mr. EDMUNDS ask-ed, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 538) in addition to an act to regulate
the times and manner of holding elections for
Senators in Congress; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I now withdraw my
objection.
Mr. CONNESS. The objection is with-
drawn, and my motion is before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I renew the objection,
unless we can arrange that at one o'clock the
bill I have referred to shall come up.
Mr. CONNESS. I have no objection to the
honorable Senator's bill being taken up atone
o'clock, and I will aid him to take it up then,
hut I hope he will allow us to do some business
in the morning hour.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have not the slightest
objection to taking up the Senator's bill now
if the banking bill can be taken up at one
o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This is a
question which cannot be argued. The objec-
tion must either be made or not. Is there
any objection to the consideration at this time
of the bill mentioned by the Senator from Cali-
fornia ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
motion cannot now be entertained. The intro-
duction of bills is in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there is no other morn-
ing business, I move to take up for considera-
tion Senate bill No. 440.
Mr. CONNESS. I thought my motion was
pending?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not
pending, because it was objected to.
Mr. CONNESS. I suppose it depends on a
vote of the Senate ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It does
not depend on a vote of the Senate. One
objection prevents its being made until the
morning business is over.
Mr. CONNESS. The morning business is
not over, and I object to the motion of the
Senator from Ohio.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then that
motion cannot be entertained. The introduc-
tion of bills and resolutions is in order.
Mr. PATTERSON", of New Hampshire,
asked, and by unanimous consent obtained,
leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 539) to incor-
porate the Potomac Navigation Company;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 540)
to regulate the sale of hay in the District of
Columbia; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
ojider of business.
Mr. CONNESS. Now, if there be no more
morning business, I renew my motion to take
up Senate bill No. 169.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The intro-
duction of bills and resolutions is in order, if
there be any.
Mr. CONNESS. There do not appear to
be any more.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be none, the morning business is through,
and the Senator's motion is in order.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to proceed to the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 159) relating
to the Western Pacific railroad. I will say to the
Senator from Ohio that thisjjill was reported
from the Pacific Railroad Committee I think
more than three months ago or thereabouts.
It has been twice before the Senate, and con-
sidered somewhat, but was necessarily laid
over on account of the impeachment trial. I
wish a vote of the Senate on it. I must he neces-
sarily absent in the beginning of the coming
week, and I would regard it as a favor if the
Senate would consider the bill now. The bill
proposed by the Senator from Ohio we are all
for taking up, and it will unquestionably get
consideration to-day; and I hope it will not be
interposed against this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Upon that motion I de
