4098
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
of the Committee on Indian Affairs, knows of
any Indian who ever ate bread or meat raised
by an Indian farmer he can state the fact. I
do not. My understanding is that this sum is
paid to a man to cultivate a farm within the
Indian territory instead of cultivating one
somewhere else. I do not know how the fact
is ; but I suppose he subsists himself and hi,
family from the earnings of his own labors
from the products of his own farming. If
that is so, clearly $700 is enough, and it will
hire a farmer I suppose iu any part of the
country.
I call attention to the second amendment
now, because haying tried to divide the Senate
upon these amendments several times yester-
day, and the Senate having sustained every
one, I only call attention to this now because
it introduces a new class of amendments. I
propose to divide the Senate upon this new
class, and if they sustain the amendments of
the Committee on Indian Affairs in these par-
ticulars, as they have in all former particulars,
I shall take that as the sense of the Senate,
and I shall not ask to divide the Senate again
until some new proposition is introduced. The
second amendment, the one next following
this, provides for the support of schools. The
House bill names §400; the amendment pro-
poses to raise that to $1,200. The difference
is considerable. Neither sum is of any im-
portance. If it was really expended for the
purpose of educating the Indian children I
should think $1,200 was quite little enough;
but if the chairman of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs can show us that any Indian child
has ever had a day's instruction from all the
appropriations we have made for this purpose
for these tribes he will do it. I have not seen
the evidence of it. We have tabular state-
ments of the children attending these schools
cm different reservations; but 1 believe there
is no evidence that a child ever went to school
a day on this reservation. I have not seen any.
Under these circumstances I feel obliged to
call the attention of the Senate to these amend-
ments. If they sustain them I shall be entirely
content; but 1 think they will take so much
additional money out of the Treasury which
will do the Indians no good whatever.
Mr. HENDERSON. The honorable Sena-
tor from Wisconsin thinks this is but a repre-
sentative amendment of various amendments
submitted by the Committee on Indian Affairs.
1 apprehend that the Senator does the com-
mittee a little injustice when he says that this
is an extravagant proposition, and that it is
but a representative of others made.
Mr. HOWE. I did not characterize this as
an extravagant proposition. I say that it is a
difference of opinion between the Committee
on Indian Affairs and the Committee on Ap-
propriations as to what is a reasonable sum.
The Committee on Indian Affairs recommend
one sum and the Committee on Appropria-
tions another sum, generally that found in the
House bill. The question whether it is ex-
travagant or not is a question to be settled by
the Senate.
Mr. HENDERSON. I really cannot state
whether it is extravagant or not. As I was
going to remark, the Senator from Oregon, who
is a very valuable member of our committee,
was absent daring the consideration of this
bill, and only made his appearance in the Sen-
ate yesterday morning, since the amendments
were reported. I therefore do not know
whether this amount is too large or not. In
reference to all the changes made east of the
Rocky mountains, I thought 1 had some per-
sonal knowledge of the wages of laborers and
the prices to be paid for the farmers and
mechanics under the treaties with the Indians.
"West of the Rocky mountains I had no knowl-
edge at all : and the valuable services of the
mcmixr from Oregon not being had upon the
committee, of course in making these amend-
ments I bad to follow the recommendations of
the Indian bureau. I have done so only in
those cases west of the Rocky mountains.
Now, turning to the treaty under which this
appropriation is made, the fifth article is as
follows:
/' The United States engage that the followingpro-
visions for the use and benefit of the Indians resid-
ing on the reserve shall be made: aa experienced
farmer shall be employed to aid and instruct the
Indians in agriculture for the term of flttoon years;
too blacksmith shops shall bo erected at convenient
points on the reserve and furnished with tools and
necessary stock; two skillful smiths shall be employed
forthesameforfivoyears; an hospital shall bo erected,
and proper provision made for medical purposes and
care of the sick for ten years; school-houses shall bo
erected, and qualified teachers employed to instruct
the children on the reserve, and books and stationery
furnished for fifteen years."
I did not know how many schools there were
upon the reserve, and I could not ascertain,
because the member from Oregon was not
with the committee. What the wages of an
experienced farmer are in Oregon I could not
know, except from the statement made by the
Indian Bureau ; but for the benefit of the Sen-
ate I will read what they say on this particular
amendment.
It must be observed, before we go any further,
that the House Committee on Appropriations,
in order to economize—which is a very laudable
principle, and I agree with it as much as any
Senator—saw fit to out down the Indian appro-
priations to almost one half of what they have
been heretofore. Whether it is good policy
just at this moment to cut these appropriations
down as they have done is a question of course
for the consideration of the Senate. It is my
opinion that it is bad policy. I think that
economy in this direction is the worst economy
that could possibly be exercised. 1 think that
we ought to carry out faithfully our treaty
stipulations with the Indians and maintain
peace with them, if we possibly can. All over
the country, here in the Senate, and m the
other House, there is very great complaint
about the expenses of the War Department.
It ought to be considered by members of the
Senate that from fifteen to twenty millions of
the expenses of the War Department annually
arise from this question of Indian affairs. Now,
would it not be better to save that fifteen or
twenty millions by even making an appropri-
ation of $1,000,000 more than wo ordinarily
do for the Indians? I believe $500,000 judi-
ciously expended would accomplish the pur-
poses better, and save this fifteen or twenty
millions. It would be better to make an
appropriation to the Indian Bureau of §500,000
or $1,000,000 than to go on as we have done
and make largo expenditures in another direc-
tion. However, it is a matter in which I have
no more interest than other Senators.
Now, I will read what the Department say
in reference to this matter, and 1 was guided
alone by that:
"Fifth article treaty with Chastas, Seotons, and
Umpquas. For pay of farmer, $1,000, reduced to
$700; deficiency, $3U0."—Vol. 10, p. il'23.
That refers to the fifth article, which I have
just read:
"The amount in estimate is the same as lias been
appropriated fur years, and considering the cost of
living in Oregon, and that everything is upon a gold
basis, it would seem that $1,000 is but a reasonable
sum lor the services of a good farmer.''
Of that the Senators from Oregon, who arc
present, can speak. The Senator from Oie-
gon [Mr. CoiusbttJ was not present in com-
mittee, and 1 could not consult him ; butl put
it at $1,000,the amount appropriated ever since
the treaty was ratified. If it is too much, the
Senate can cut it down. I thought it was large ;
but I have followed the recommendations,
west of the Rocky mountains, of the Indian
Bureau.
The next item is one that I would not hare
reduced one cent. In regard to that the De-
partment says:
" Tho item for pay of teachers purchase of books
and stationery, per same article and treaty, is also
reduced from $1,200 to $100; deficiency of £800. It
must be apparent to all that no teacher can be em-
ployed for the amount embraced in the bill, 'i'he
sum asked fur in estimate has been appiopriutod for
ye:irs, and it has not beeij found too liuge for tho
purpose."
The Senator asked me if there was any
school on this reservation. He sajs that if
any Indian child has ever been educated there
it is more than he knows. The Indian Bureau
reports say that ever since the ratification of
this treaty this appropriation of $1,200 has
been made, and it has been expended in keep-
ing up schools on this reservation, and it has
not been found to be too large. If they have
thus stated falsely, of course we cannot rely
upon them for anything. They say such an.
appropriation has been made and they have
used it for years since this treaty was ratified.
Now, Mr. President^ if there are any schools
there, this is the best appropriation that can
possibly be made. The difficulty with the In-
dian is that he speaks another language. The
difficulty of his civilization consists in the fact
that we cannot approach him. If we can
educate the children, the whole difficulty is
gone; it has passed away; and the civilization
of the barbarous Indian tribes will have been
accomplished. There is no reasonable amount
of money that I would not appropriate in order
to accomplish this purpose.
So far from tho Senator beingcorreet on this
subject, I understand that two teachers are
employed on this reservation. The Senator
from Oregon can correct me if I am in error.
It must bo remembered that not only are the
teachers to be employed, but books have to be
purchased and sent into an interior reservation
in Oregon. It seems to me that $1,200 is a
very small sum for such a purpose. How many
teachers can the Senator from Wisconsin em-
ploy in the State of Wisconsin, where teachers
ought to be numerous, from the intelligence of
the Senators sent from that State, with $400,
and how many books can he furnish to com-
mon schools for this amount of $400? Why,
sir, if any appropriation isvneeded we need
more than $400. If any single teacher is to be
employed, we need more than that. The Sen-
ator can see that for himself. It is idle to say
that the appropriation in the bill is sufficient.
The Senator asks me if I ever saw any Indians
fed by corn grown by Indians. I can state to
him that I have seen a thousand acres of as
fine corn as I ever saw cultivated by Indians
alone ill one field. Why, sir, they are pro-
gressing very rapidly in the cultivation of the
soil upon the Missouri river.
Mr. 1IOWE. The Senator misunderstood
me. I did not ask if he had ever seen any
Indians fed by corn grown by Indians. I asked
him if he had ever seen Indians fed on corn
raised by Indian farmers.
Mr. HENDERSON. Assuredly I have.
Mr. HOWE. White Indian farmers?
Mr. HENDERSON. We have Indian farm-
ers to superintend and to instruct them in the
cultivation of the soil, and those farmers that
we have sent the Indians on the Missouri river
have succeeded in instructing them until they
are now almost self-sustaining. Last year the
Indians on the Missouri river—I mean the Yanc-
lon Indians, and some of the Brul6 Sioux—
would have_ been self-sustaining but for the
fact that their crops were destroyed by grass-
hoppers. The Senator is sadly mistaken if he
supposes that these very Indians we are now
speaking ol, the Chastas of Oregon, are not,
many of them, good farmers. Many Indians
in Minnesota-—the Senator from Minnesota can
correct me if I am m error—are good farmers,
and have succeeded admirably m cultivating
the soil. This is a proper appropriation if ft
is a reasonable one. If it is an unreasonable
one the Senators from Oregon can correct it
or let it be defeated. I do not want anything
but what is right. °
Mr. UOHBETT. I desire to state that this
appropriation of $1,000 is not more that,
sufficient to pay for the services of a good,
capable farmer to superintend farming in
Oregon. That will be, on the gold basis,
about seven hundred and twenty dollars a year,
and we cannot employ a good farmer for
less than that. I have been upon this reser-
vation. I he agent under whom these Indians
are, Air. Simpson, is one of the most capable
men that I have ever seen in the conduct of an
Indian agency. Upon his agency, the Alsea
