1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4090
agency, which he superintends, and the Siletz
agency, they raised twenty thousand bushels
of potatoes last year or the year before. I
went on the reservation last summer in order
to ascertain for myself the condition of Indian
affairs in that State. I saw there large fields of
potatoes; large fields of oats, rye, peas, and bar-
ley, that the Indians were cultivating, and that
showed thrift, and showed that they were mak-
ing progress in the art of farmic~- I went also
and examined their school, where they had a
good, capable teacher, in iny opinion, a man
who was formerly a soldier, well qualified and
intelligent, and the Indians who were attend-
ing school there read well, spelled well, and
wrote well. They wrote upon the black-board
for me ; and they appeared to be possessed of
general knowledge. They could_ talk good
English; could tell who the President ot the
United States was, who the Senators were,
members of Congress, &c.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to know
whether they could tell who is to be the Presi-
dent of the United States. [Laughter.]
Mr. CORBETT. I presume they can by
this time. [Laughter.] Their agent is a good
Union man, and I have just received a letter
from him in which he says that he thinks we
can carry the State for Grant. [Laughter.] In
my opinion, a teacher cannot be employed and
books furnished for a less sum than $1,200.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator tell me where
it was he found these schools?
Mr. CORBETT. I found this school at the
Siletz agency. I believe these Indians are
gathered together both upon the Alsea and
Siletz agencies under the superintendence of
Mr. Simpson and a sub agent, but he has a
general superintendence of the whole.
Mr. HOWE. But this amendment refers to
the Chastas, Seotou, and Umpqua Indians.
Mr. CORBETT. Yes, sir; they are com-
bined There is no appropriation for schools
for some of these tribes, and they have been
obliged to combine them in order to furnish
schools for a number. They not only apply to
those tribes, but to others. Where there has
been an appropriation of money for school
purposes for one tribe and there has been no
appropriation for some other tribes they have
allowed their children to attend those schools.
I will state to the Senator the situation of
the Indians upon this reservation. There was
a treaty made with these Indians combined of
various tribes, some eight or ten, that are col-
lected upon this coast reservation, to place
them upon this reservation, and they were to
receive a large amount of money. They have
been supported annually, and an appropria-
tion has been made for a school and school
purposes, and for the general pay of teachers
and support of employes. There is an amend-
ment here that provides an appropriation of
$50,000 to be expended forthe sustenance and
■support of the Indians with whom there are no
treaty stipulations, and for the support of
employes. That treaty was made in 1855 by
General Palmer, but was never ratified. They
were to receive a large amount of money under
those treaty stipulations, but the Senate refused
to ratify it; and it has been customary to ap-
propriate $50,000 for the Indians in Washing-
ton Territory and Oregon. It is divided,
$'25,000 to Oregon and §25,000 to Washington
Territory. There are some eight or ten tribes
of Indians on this reservation, and they are
supported by that §25,000 a year. It amounts
to about ten dollars per head. The Indians on
this reservation are supported cheaper than the
Indians upon any other reservation that I know
of. They raise all they want in the way of
wheat, and very near everything. They are in
need of some stock of various kinds, oxen
- and horses to plow their lands. They were
formerly a fishing tribe, and were not engaged
in agricultural pursuits; but they have been
gathered together, and we have been obliged
to supply them with agricultural implements
and with oxen and horses; but they are still
very destitute of those. I think if the Senator
from Wisconsin understood this matter, if he
had been upon this reservation and seen just
how the Indians are situated, the way they are
treated, and the progress they are making, he
would not object to this appropriation. They
certainly cannot employ a farmer for $700 a
year, which would be about four hundred and
ninety or five hundred dollars in gold, nor can
they employ a teacher for less than from fifty
to seventy-five dollars a month in gold. A
teacher as competent as the man I saw there
would get at least from sixty to seventy-five
dollars a month in gold in our public schools.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to ask the Senator a
question ; I only want information. Does he
know the farmer who resides among these
Chasta Indians ?
Mr. CORBETT. I have been there and
seen the farmer upon this reservation who
superintends the whole of the reservation.
Mr. HOWE. Does he cultivate a farm him-
self?
Mr. CORBETT. No, sir; I think not. The
farms are laid out for the Indians. Each In-
dian has a house situated upon a certain piece
of ground that is adjacent to his farm. They
cultivate in large fields, which are fenced in,
and the ground staked off in such a manner as
to designate what Indian owns a certain part
of the ground. They plow it with a common
team belonging to the agency, and the farmer
superintends the whole work. The Indians
work each upon his own farm. I did not see
them at work, but I saw their fields laid out
there.
Mr. HOWE. But the question is, whether
the farmer cultivates a farm of his own for
himself?
Mr. CORBETT. I do not think he does.
I did not see any farm belonging to the agent.
I saw a bouse andagarden of about twoacres,
perhaps ; that was all.
Mr. HOWE. Was there any farming land
adjacent to it?
Mr. CORBETT.' Yes, sir ; but it belonged
to the Indians. Off on the flat below is a tine
farm laid out, as I said, planted in potatoes,
where they raised twenty thousand bushels last
year. Large potatoe-houses or cellars are
built in the banks along, and they are put in
there, and they are used in common during
the winter for the Indians. They also take
them on their backs down to Yaquina bay and
sell them to the boats that come in there, small
schooners, and a portion of them go to Cali-
fornia. They export some potatoes. They
have not got teams to take them to market,
and so they take them on their backs some
four or five miles. I have been to the place
where they sell them.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to ask the Senator
whether heretofore the farmer has been paid
§1,000 or $700?
Mr. CORBETT. One thousand dollars.
That is the recommendation of the Depart-
ment ; and I understand that that has been
the usual salary. It was cut down in the House
without any reason, in my opinion. I do not
see any reason for cutting it down. It is the
usual appropriation.
Mr. HOWE. Either the Senator from Ore-
gon or myself is talking about different tribes,
or else there is a great deficiency in the reports
made from these tribes. He speaks of a very
advanced state of civilization among the Indians
on this reservation. We looked in the reports
made to the Department the otherevening, and
we could not find the return of a single child
receiving an education on this resenation
among these Indians.
Mr. CORBETT. _ This reservation, I will
state to the Senator, is one hundred miles long,
with the exception of twenty-five miles that
have been lately opened by an executive proc-
lamation, which contaius what is called the
Yaquina bay. The reservation has thus been
cut in two, and they have been obliged to put
a sub-agent upon that portion lying south, and
the portion lying north is under the super-
vision of the agent. I understand that there
are two school-houses. There is this one that
I visited and saw with my own eyes. I know
that this agent is a very competent mail,.and
is working to advance .the civilization of the-
Indians. He is said to be the best Indian
agent on the coast. * " ' * , -
Mr. HOWE. I am not disposed to' raise
any question upon the correctness of the report
made by the Senator from Oregon. It is a
much more flattering one than the official re-
ports made to the Department that I have seen.
I supposed that the way this farmer was instruct-
ing the Indians was by carrying on a farm,
himself.
Mr. CORBETT. Oh, no; that is not so.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator says no. A report
was read—I examined the report myself—
the other evening, by the Senator from Mis-
souri, the chairman of the Committee on
Indian Affairs, showing amount of produce of
different kinds raised by the farmer with the
help, as I understood it, of five white em-
ployes. I supposed he was carrying on a farm
for himself, and employing this labor for his
own advantage. I take it, he is not employ-
ing this labor to help him in the work of'
instruction. I supposed he was carrying on a
sorL of model farm there.
Mr. CORBETT. No, sir; I will state to the
Senator what that means. The five employes
refer to the wagon-maker, the sawyer, and the
different employes on the agency. There are
not five employes for the farm. They employ
but one farmer who superintends and the In-
dians do the work. ; . ■ :
Mr. HOWE. The Government pays but
one ; but if thefarmer himself sees fittoemploy
a dozen laborers under him he can do so un-
doubtedly. He is there for the purpose of
instruction, and if he attends to that part of it
-he discharges all the duty that the law imposes
on him.
Mr. CORBETT. I do not know under what
appropriation he could pay for five persons.
Mr. HOWE. He could pay them out of his
own pocket, and he could recompense- him-
self out of their earnings, if they could earn
enough. I do not know whether he would
find it profitable or not. That is the way the
report was read to me ; and so I was inclined
to think that this appropriation was to enable
a farmer to work for himself mainly, and carry
on the work of instruction at the same time.
If I have been led into an error; it is from
misunderstanding the official reports, and so
in reference to the schools. It is a very sin-
gular fact that there should be such a flour-
ishing school there, and no report of it made
to the Department.
Mr. CORBETT. I will state to the Sena-
tor that there may be some under-farmers
there. It is eight miles from where the ageut
is to the saw-mill, and there is a nice, fine
piece of piairie land that they cultivate and
where these farms are laid out. Five miles
distant in another direction troui the agency
there is another farm laid out, and there may
be some subordinate farmers who superintend
those different places. I am not positive about
that; but I think there was oue place some eight
miles distant where there was oue subordinate
farmer, perhaps, who superintended the In-
dians on that prairie land.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Indian Affairs was in lines one hundred and
forty-three and one hundred and forty-four to
strike out " §400" and insert " §1,200;" so
that the clause will read :
For fourteenth of fifteen installments for pay of
tcaciiers a.nd purchase of books an dotation c-ry, per
fii'th article treaty IStU November, 1851:, kl«,0tw.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after
one hundred and fifty the following : - .
Chippewas. Menomonees, Winnebagoes,
Now York Indians: ' .
For educational purposes, $lo,uw. .
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was m,'
line one bun-
