1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
Ions. It is a national disgrace that while the
other interests of the country are so heavily
taxed, we allow ourselves to be cheated out of
the amount justly due from this, by the conniv-
ance of corrupt officials with the distilleries.
It is demoralizing to the whole business and
every man engaged in it. The honest distiller
who pays two dollars per gallon on the amount
of his production can nut compete in the mar-
ket with the dishonest man who pays nothing
to the Government.
The result is that those who would not suc-
cumb to the temptation have been driven out
of the business. A practice which at once
puts any branch of business entirely in the
hands of worthless men cannot too soon be
abolished. It is a source of just complaint to
the tax-payers and a burning shame to the
country that should not be tolerated, and that
finds its remedy only in the removal of the dis-
honest revenue officers who now disgrace the
Government and eat up its substance, and the
appointment of men who are honest and whose
integrity cannot be purchased with gold. The
pay of these agents is sufficient to secure the
Services of men who are above suspicion, and
with whom the distillers will not dare to attempt
to tamper. It is a source of congratulation
that there is now a prospect of a speedy change
that will rectify this great wrong and relieve
the country from such deep disgrace. It is
urged by some, as a remedy for these frauds,
that the tax should be reduced to one dollar
or fifty cents, and some say twenty-five cents,
per gallon, on the ground that the reduction
of the tax would reduce correspondingly the
temptation to fraud and that the distillers
would then allow the tax to be collected. If
this was an original question the argument
might be a strong one, but its force is very
much reduced when applied to the present
state of the question. lam unwilling to con-
fess, without another trial, that through the
agency of better men the laws of the country
cannot be enforced. The truth is, these men
have learned the tricks of the trade.
They have already sunk into whatever de-
moralization the tax of two dollars may have
produced, and will hardly be elevated into a
much purer atmosphere by the reduction of
the tax. If a man has once disgraced himself
and forfeited the confidence of the community
by cheating the Government out of $100,000,
he cannot, without a miracle of special grace,
which an act of Congress would_ not be likely
to produce, be expected to refrain from taking
fifty or twenty-five thousand in the same way
when the opportunity presents itself. 1 trust
no reduction will be made in the tax, but that,
after the experience we have had, we shall be
able so to adjust the law that, with reliable
men, who must be placed in charge of these
interests, the revenue which the _ country ex-
pects from this source will be realized.
The frauds in the manufacture of fermented
liquors and tobacco have been about equal^ to
those in the manufacture ot distilled spirits,
and can only be prevented by the same instru-
mentalities.
From the facts I have presented, and other
data at hand, it is evident that an honest and
efficient enforcement of the law would, at the
lowest calculation, secure to the Government,
at the present rates of taxation, the following
sums:
From distilled spirits ®f?'SS2'SS2
B/om ferHrentod liquors 
From tobacco and its manufactures  ou,wu.uw
$195,000,000
Add frora customs    170.000.000
$365,000,000
Deduct interest on publi« debt  130,000,000
Leaves a balance of.     $235,000,(KX)
Deduct the sum estimated by the Com-
mittee oil Appropriations to defray the
• expenses of the Government, including
pensions and bounties 276,242,0o0
hare a balance of.  858,757,950
And we
which is amply sufficient to meet all contin-
gencies and leave a very considerable sum to
be applied to the reduction of the debt—cer-
tainly as much as we ought to attempt to pay
now. It will be observed that this calculation
leaves out every species of taxation except
duties on imports and the tax on spirits and
tobacco. All other national taxation can be
removed from the people whenever we can
secure reasonable efficiency in the collection
of the taxes from those sources.
It is understood that the Committee of Ways
and Means, seeing and appreciating the diffi-
culty that surrounds us, and the uncertainty
of being able to secure, in the present state of
things, the removal of the officials through whose
corruption the manufacturers of spirits and
tobacco are robbing the Government of its just
dues, have decided to recommend the contin-
uation of the stamp duties, license or special
tax, and tax on sales, &c. This may be neces-
sary for the present, but it is earnestly to be
hoped, for the honor of the nation as well as
the interest of those who pay these taxes, that
the occasion will not continue beyond the meet-
ing of the next session of this Congress.
TAXATION- OF GOVERNMENT SECURITIES.
In some portions ot the country the exemp-
tion of Government bonds from taxation is a
source of very great complaint. In some places,
men on whom the cities and towns in which
they reside have depended for a considerable
portion of their taxes have invested largely in
these bonds, thus reducing, in some instances,
their taxes and transferring the sum of which
they are relieved to those less able to bear the
burdens.
To the principle that all productive prop-
erty should bear its share in the burdens of
taxation, except under extraordinary circum-
stances, I most heartily subscribe. As, how-
ever, Congress has been severely censured for
its legislation on this subject. I desire to say
a word in vindication of its action. It is
proper to state, in this connection, that the
complaint to which I have referred has in
part been created by the impression that these
securities are held by the large capitalists.
This is but partially true. There is no class
of securities held so largely by persons of
small means as our Government bonds. The
savings of the masses were invested in them,
and freely offered to the nation, not simply as
a good investment, but as a proof of their
affection. They have been the favorite invest-
ment of the working people. They are de-
sirable for this class, because they are con-
vertible at any moment into money. A large
amount of these securities are held by the
trustees of orphans and widows, and by the
savings banks which have invested the sum
made up of the scanty earnings of the poor.
Another fact worthy of note: but a small
portion of the means invested in Government
securities had before paid taxes, or would have
done, if it had not been so invested. The in-
stances in which the valuation of persons has
been reduced because of investment in Gov-
ernment securities are not numerous. It is
supposed by many that the shares in national
banks, amounting to more than three hundred
million dollars, and all now taxable where the
shares are owned, and which is, in effect, a tax
on the bonds which the owners of shares have
deposited with the Government, will pay as
much tax as would have been derived from all
the money invested in these bonds providing it
had remained as it was before being so invested.
The principle has been well settled by the judi-
cial authority of this country that, Government
securities are not taxable by local authority.
The provision for the exemption in the several
acts under which bonds wore issued during the
war had no effect except as a notice to all in-
terested that they were not to lie taxed. Had
no such provision been made the exemption
would have followed in accordance with the
decision of the courts and the uniform practice
of the Government. The right of a Govern-
ment to hold its own securities exempt from
taxation is essential to its very existence, for
without this right, or in the absence of its ex-
ercise, the local authorities, if they should
choose so to do, might tax the Government
securities to such an extent as to render them
utterly worthless and effectually exclude them
from such communities, thus limiting the power
of the Government to borrow money to those
municipalities only which might happen to be
friendly to its policy and would be willing from
the promptings of patriotism to waive their
right to taxation or be content with a tax so
low as not to interfere with the ready disposal
of the Government securities. This would
place the Government, in times of great .de-
mand for money, as in the case of our recent
war, entirely at the mercy of its enemies. If
the Government should pay six per cent, in-
terest and the local authorities should tax the
securities four per cent., as they might do if Con-
gress should exercise no control in the matter,
capitalists would be very likely to invest in other
property. It may be said that no community
would so discriminate between different kinds
of securities. Suppose the local authorities had
been given unlimited power to tax Government
bonds issued during the war, what would have
been the result? Does any one doubt that the
men whs opposed the war would have combined
wherever they could control and prevent the
bonds being valuable by any system of local
taxation at their command? I need only call
attention to facts still too fresh and mortifying
in our minds.
Many men believed, or pretended to believe,
that the war for the suppression of the rebel-
lion as prosecuted under Mr. Lincoln's admin-
istration was unnecessary, unconstitutional,
tyrannical, exceedingly wicked, and no better
than a system of wholesale murder. It is not
strange that such men justified themselves in
throwing obstacles in the way of the Govern-
ment and resorting to whatever means they
found at their command to thwart its purposes
and paralyze its efforts.
Does any one doubt that had the privilege
of unlimited taxation been allowed these men
would have succeeded in excluding the bonds
from all places under their control, thus limiting
the power of the Government to borrow money
to support its struggle with the rebellion to
those places iu which a majority could be found
for the support of the war, thus seriously
hazarding, if not effectually preventing, suc-
cess in the great struggle?
Another reason for not authorizing the tax-
ation of the bonds issued during the war should
not be overlooked. The acts under which the
most of those bonds were issued were passed
when the military situation was not encouraging;
when every neighborhood was mourning the
loss of some cherished one fallen in the bloody
strife, and when the Government was obliged
to make frequent calls for "three hundred
thousand more" to take the places of the slain ;
when many of our best men feared that we
should fail in our effort to crush the rebellion;
when those who opposed the war were telling
us defiantly that we could never do it; when
leading men were declaring that the bonds
were no better than so much white paper, and
warning the people against investing in them;
when we were being told that we should never
pay the debt, and repudiation was boldly talked
of as a measure sure to follow the close of the
war.
These were perilous times for the country,
times when the strongest hearts were made sad
and when all faltered save those who felt the
justice of our cause, and could see by the eye
of faith beyond the seas of blood that encom-
passed them a glorious future of peace and
prosperity.
To prosecute the war the soldiers must be
fed, clothed, and paid. Money must be had.
Without it the war must cease, and the demands
of the rebels become the law of theland. Under
these trying circumstances Congress felt that
the terms of the securities to be issued must be
such as would present some inducement ioi
those who had money to take them, and. tney
were declared exempt from taxation. As o
the necessity or the wisdom <>f
country must judge. It should be remembere
