THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
Mrs CAMERON. The appeal of the hon-
orable senator from Massachusetts is rather a
strange one. It is hardly fair, I think, to doubt
the motives of a Senator. I take it for granted
that everybody here is governed in all cases by
some principle. Perhaps I may be mistaken:
but before I proceed any further I will ask the
Senator whether this Administration has "his
personal and political confidence?
Mr. SUMNER. Noi. at. all.
Mr. CAMERON. Then we are pretty near
equal m that respect. These are reforms that
are proper to be made, in my judgment, no
matter who may happen to be at the head of
this Government. Happening now to have so
large a majority as the Republican party has
in this body, I think it is peculiarly its duty to
begin reform somewhere. All great extrava-
gancies are made up of details. Men become
extravagant because they do not take care of
the particles, the small items, which in the
end make the grand totals. Every portion of
this Government has gone into extravagance
for years, greatly more during the war than
before, and it is because we were compelled
during the war to expend large sums. We
have become accustomed to look upon mil-
lions as we formerly did on hundreds or thou-
sands, and when a proposition is brought in
here appropriating less than one hundred thou-
sand dollars it is called a trifle, and Senators
say at once, "Let it go, it is a small thing."
We spent $40,000 in the last four or five years
for private agents abroad who, in my judg-
ment, as pure and reputable men as they have
been, and efficient officers as they may have
been, did not do a copper's worth of good.
Many of the agents who went abroad did noth-
ing which benefited -this country at all. They
did not even make public opinion.in England
to the amount of one vote in Parliament. Why,
sir, I myself was at a dinner in Liverpool, in
1862, at which were gathered the consuls there
from all the world, at which there were sev-
enty consuls, and there was not a man in all
that assemblage who was favorable to this
Governmen t but the consul from the United
States; and yet England and Europe had been
traversed that whole year by scores of men
from this country under the seal of the State
Department.
My object is to begin this reform at some
place. We have great extravagance here every-
where. I think our printing is one of the great
leaks of Congress. Sir, we must show the
country that we are earnest in this work of
retrenchment and economy. If we do not do
so we shall have bankruptcy in the country in
less than five years. We must reform here;
'we must cut down the taxes; and we can only
do so by retrenching and reducing our ex-
penses. In my judgment, there is no fitter
place to begin with than the State Department,
for that is the head of the Government, and
then we can go through all the others as quick
as we can.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour has expired.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
trust the gentleman from Iowa, who has the
floor on the special order, will permit this bill
to come to a vote. I think it will take but a
lew moments.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let the special order
be passed over informally for a few minutes.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection if the
debate is not protracted unusually long.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. _ It requires
unanimous consent to pass it over in this form.
Is there any objection to continuing the debate
on this bill? JSTo objection being made the
Senator from Maine will proceed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish merely to say
that I agree with my friend from Pennsylvania
that we ought to begin to reform, and I think
this bill is  -fair.beginning. ItcutsofF agreat
deal that is useless; but 1 .am not for carrying
this reform so far as to cut off what I believe
to be essential. Acting upo.n that principle,
you may just as well abolish-the Departments
and get along helter-skelter. We should do
nothing unless we are to give a rule or a reason
for doing it.
All I have to say with regard to this amend-
ment is, that I do not suppose there will be
ordinarily in time of peace any very particular
necessity for a special agent to be sent abroad.
Ordinarily, our consuls and our ministers can
do all the business that is necessary there.
That additional agents have been necessary
during the war there is no question. And I
wish to say with regard to the State Depart-
ment, although I have not been particularly
connected with its business in this body, yet,
from my observation of it, I think that Depart-
ment has been conducted always with a very
great degree of economy and care. I have not
seen the evidence of any very particular un-
necessary expenditure in that Department. If
gentlemen, instead of talking in general terms,
can specify an instance wherein there has been
extravagance, I should like to hear it, in order
that my opinions may be set right if they are
wrong.
Mr. CONNESS. I will specify to the extent
of reminding the Senator of the enormous con-
tingents that have been appropriated for that
Department and the fact that they have been
used. I think he will not be at a loss to find
the cost of that Department, outside of the
specific appropriations, if he will look at those
contingents.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I consider myself in
some degree responsible for the contingencies
because I had charge of the bills in which the
contingencies were placed, and instead of their
being enormous I do not think they have been
at all extravagant. They were enlarged, on an
examination by the committee of the necessity
of enlarging them, during the war. There was
a very great necessity for special emergencies
at that time, and the appropriations became
larger than usual. How far they have been
spent entirely the Senator does not know,
because it is in the nature of secret service,
and no particular account has been rendered.
The account is audited by the President him-
self personally.
Mr. CONNESS. Contingent funds are
bourns from whence nothing returns.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, Mr. President,
we cannot always know what is done with the
contingent funds. If there has been any ex-
travagance in a contingent fund anywhere it
has been in this Chamber more than in any
other place that I know of; and "physician,
heal thyself" applies, so far as a contingent
fund is concerned, to us more than to any
other Department in the Government, in my
belief. Of course, I am as much responsible
for that as any other Senator.
But with regard to the State Department, I
repeat what I said. There was one very large
contingency which passed through this Cham-
ber under my personal supervision. I did
not give a reason for it. I was not required
to give a reason. It was first adopted in the
House and came here—an appropriation of
$250,000. It was for a special purpose and a
secret purpose, necessarily kept secret at the
time. It was of the first importance that it
should not be known. It failed, and I sup-
pose the greater part of that contingent fund
is left.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand, the whole
of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Some part of it prob-
ably was spent in the pay of the commissioner.
Mr. SUMNER. Very slight, indeed. The
main part remains in the Treasury untouched.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But merely to com-
plain that a contingent fund has been appro-
priated, until we know the items and can see
that it has been misappropriated and misused,
is n'ot fair to the Department, let ine say to the
Senator from California. He should, in the-
first place, inquire and ascertain how it has
been used, to see whether it is unnecessary.
Now, sir, we have got back to a time of peace,
and we cut down the contingencies of the
State Dep&rtment last year very extensively,
We cut them down to a much smaller point
than they have been any year since the war
commenced. And I say again that I believe
from my examination here that the contingent
fund of the State Department has been ex-
pended with as much care and as much integ-
rity as it possibly could be. I have seen no
evidence to the contrary. I knew at the time
the object of the large contingencies that were
called for and I approved of them, and I do
not believe they have been misapplied.
Ever since the formation of the Government
it has been found to be expedient to allow a
certain amount of secret service agencies of
this description. As the Secretary of State
says, it may not be necessary to employ one
during the next year; but that, to a small
extent, the power should exist in the Govern-
ment, connected as it is with all Governments
abroad, I believe to be proper. I think it
should be; and when it is cut down to not
exceeding five in number I think we need not
complain that we are very extravagant in allow-
ing that. That is my opinion about it.
Personally, it is a matter of entire indiffer-
ence to me whether this is voted up or voted
down. I simply rose to give my opinion on
the general subject, that I think it would be
poor economy in economizing to cut off what
may be absolutely necessary and useful. Sir,
you must allow some discretion to the heads
of Departments. If tliey do not suit you
change the Government and get rid of them.
There is the remedy. But you must trust some-
body. The idea that a Gfovernment is to "be
carried on with great officers at the head of it
selected from the first men of the nation,
whatever party may be in power, and that they
are always to be looked upon as men who are
striving to cheat the Government somehow in
these little petty sums, is, in my judgment,
poor policy and very unfair to them. .The
remedy does not lie there.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania to the amendment of the com-
mittee, to strike out the proviso to the first
section.
Mr. CAMERON called for -the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. SAULSDURY (when his name was
called) said: I decline to respond to my name
for the reason given yesterday, that I am paired
off on all questions with the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Wilsox.]
The result was announced—yeas 8, nays30;
as follows:
YEAS—Me.««rs. Cameron, Chandler, Conness, How-
ard, btewart, Thayer, Tipton, and Wade—8.
NAAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Cole, Corbett
Davis, Doolittle, Drake, Ferry, Fe&senden, Fowler,
i^relinghuysen, Harlan, Henderson. Hendricks, Ho we.
Johnson, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Patterson of New Hampshire, Patter-
son ot Tennessee, Poraeroy, Ilamsev. Ross, Sherman
teumner, V an Winkle, Wiiley, and Yates—30.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Buckalew, Conkling,
tragm, Dixcm, Edmunds, Guinea, Guthrie, Norton,
rvye, feaulsbury, Sprague, Trumbull, Williams, and
Wilson—lo.
.So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. STEWART. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the proviso to
the first section as an additional proviso :
Tb:it ni the commencement
session of Congress the Secretary of State
snail report to Congress the name of every agent so
1 « tUS° of !"s appointment, and the full
amount paid or allowed eaeh of sueh agents on any
account whatever. - '
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust that amendment
will not be made.
Mr. STEWART. Why?
Mr. SHERMAN". In the first place, the
multitude of papers sent to us from the Exec-
utive Departments is a great nuisance. This
report would be of no service; and it might
be that in the opinion of the State Department
the names of the persons ought not to be sent
I regret exceedingly that the Secretary of State
sent the name of a distinguished foreigner here
as an agent of the United States. I regret it
