4100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
dred and eighty-three, to strike out " $3,000"
and to insert " $5,762 63so that the clause
will read:
For insurance, transportation, and necessary cost
of delivery of annuities nnd provisions for Chippe-
was of Lake Superior, $5,762 63.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk. The next amendment 
Mr. HOWE. 1 had not ascertained where
that last amendment came in. That presents
a new question on which I wish to get the
views of the Committee on Indian Affairs. It
raises the question whether when the Govern-
ment stipulates in a treaty to furnish to a tribe
of Indians and deliver a certain amount of
goods, the Government is to pay the cost of
transportation in addition to the value of the
goods; whether when the Government stipu-
lates to deliver to a certain tribe of Indians
$100,000 worth of goods, they are to buy those
goods in Europe or in New York, and spend
$100,000 in the place of first production and
pay the cost of transportation in addition ?
That is the question.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator from
Wisconsin submits a question that the Senate
is just as able to judge of as I am. I do not
recollect the wording of this particular treaty
in reference to that matter. I can refer to it
if the Senator desires it. But the question he
submits is one that runs clear through the bill,
and has been presented in every Indian appro-
priation bill since the origin of the Govern-
ment. Treaties sometimes provide i'or fur-
nishing annuities for the Indians in money, so
much money to be expended by the President
of the United States in such manner as he may
see fit; sometimes the treaty says for provis-
ions and clothing, &c.; sometimes the articles
are specified, sometimes they are not; bat the
amount in money is generally specified in the'
treaty; and then if it is to be otherwise deliv-
ered than in money the specification is made
in the treaty. Now, the Senator from Wis-
consin says if a treaty provides for the deliv-
ery of a certain amount of money to be ex-
pended in goods, should it not be uudeibtood
to be the cost of the goods at the place of
purchase? The usual course, in fact the uni-
form coarse of the Government has been to
purchase the quantity of articles named in the
treaty; that is, to expend the whole amount
of money named in tho treaty, and then to
transport the goods at its own cost to the place
of delivery. That is my understanding of the
contract. Every lawyer can determine it for
himself; I believe that the Senate is generally
composed of lawyers. We agree to pay the
Indians so much money, and in ordinary cases
it iSvrequired that it shall be expended in pro-
visions, in articles of clothing, and other arti-
cles—the articles are named generally—and
to deliver those articles at a certain point.
Now, the question is, how are we to get them
there? Is it to be at the expense of the In-
dians or at our own expense ? The uniform
practice of the Government has been to fur-
nish the transportation at our expense. That
has been the interpretation of the contract,
and I think it is rather late now to change that
interpretation of it.
We have always furnished, as the Senator
himself knows, transportation of articles, and
in this very ease I understand that the trans-
portation is set down at what it was last year.
The transportation was obtained as cheaply as
it could be last year, and the same sum is set
down now to a cent. That is the reason why
the cents are put down. The House cut it
down, we supposed, without any reason. The
goods are to be delivered, as the Senator well
knows, because these Indians are in his own
neighborhood, at various places in the interior
of the State.
Mr. HOWE. What is the amount to be
delivered?
Mr. HENDERSON. It is large. For the
Chippewas of Lake Superior $5,000 in one
place, $8,000 in another, §3,000 in another,
$3,000 in another, $5,040 in another, $1,320
in another, $1,060 in another—about twenty-
seven thousand dollars in all.
Mr. HOWE. In goods?
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir. _ The Sen-
ator will remember that these Indians are at
various points scattered all over the State, and
that the goods have to be separated and trans-
ported by wagons over a large district of interior
country. They are not all delivered at the
same agency. The Indians are scattered at
various agencies.
Mr. HOWE. What are the items of the
$27,000?
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator will see
them in the bill from line one hundred and
fifty-one to line one hundred and eighty-three.
The first item is in money. The next is in
goods, household furniture, and cooking uten-
sils.
Mr. HOWE. That is $8,000.
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir. Others are
in agricultural implements, cattle, carpenters'
and other tools, and building materials, which
the Senator will observe will require a vast
outlay for transportation in proportion to the
quantity furnished. They are to be furnished
according to the fourth article of the treaty
of September 30, 1854. I understand the
amount for transportation is fixed here at the
amount we expended last year. If it should
be too much the Department certainly ought
not to expend it. It may be said, on the other
hand, that if we appropriate it the Department
will expend it; but good officers ought not to
do so. They ought to obtain tho transporta-
tion just as cheap as they possibly can, and not
pay anything more. We ought to give some
discretion, of course, to our officers, and if
we have bad officers, we ought to try to
get rid of them as soon as we possibly
can. That is all I recommend. It certainly
would be very bad policy to reduce the ap-
propriation for transportation to an amount
that will not enable the Department to supply
the Indians with goods, unless, on the other
hand, we take the view entertained by the
Senator, perhaps—I do not knowthathe enter-
tains it—'that the transportation should come
out of the amount of the Indian annuities, an
interpretation of the contract, as I have before
remarked, that has never been given, and I
should dislike very much to see it adopted by
the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. While we are on this
subject I should like to call the attention of
the committee and of the Senate to the ques-
tion of insurance, the appropriation of so much
for insurance of transportation. Perhaps the
committee have studied that question. 1 have
given it considerable attention in my own
affairs, and after a long series of years have
come to the conclusion to pay no insurance on
anything. I would not pay an insurance for
goods on the Missouri river. I transported
goods there for a good many years. I would
not pay a cent of insurance on my house. 1
would not pay a cent of insurance on anything.
It may be bad financiering, but I believe that
any man who can afford to run the risk him-
self had better run it. I believe that this
Government had better insure its own goods
than to pay any company for insuring them.
This Government of ours could very well
afford to do its own insuring. If a company
can afford to run, and make money by running
our risks, we can run them, if wa can afford
to own the property.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to snggest to
the Senator, with his permission, that if these
goods should be lost, there would be an entire
failure for that year in furnishing them to the
Indians, because there is no other appropria-
tion from which we could supply the Indians
for the year, and unless we can get it out of
the insurance company they cannot be supplied.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know how it
may be on the Missouri river, brtt in these re-
mote places if goods are lost you cannot col-
lect the insurance in season to get another pur-
chase that year.
Mr. HENDERSON. It has been done.
Mr. POMEROY. There may be instances
■where it has been done ; but as a general
rule you cannot do it. I have no amendment
to propose on this subject. I only wish to
call the attention of the Senate and the com-
mittee who represent the department to tha
fact. I believe that the system of insuring on
the part of the Government is unwise. It
seems a very strange idea that this great Gov-
ernment of ours should intrust into the hands
of a corporation made up of a few individuals
its risks and pay them for running them. I
am confident it would be good policy, good
financiering, good management, and the Gov-
ernment would save money by paying its own
risks, by insuring itself. Occasionally there
might be something lost; but if these compan
ies can make money and pay from seven to
twenty-one per cent., as they do, for taking
your risk and mine, and the risk of the Gov-
ernment, I ask why cannot the Government
afford to run its own risks and make its own
insnrance. My own opinion is that the whole
subject of insurance is in the interest of the
parties who carry on the business, and not in
the interests of the commnnity. Ihave-watched
this question, and so far as my own affairs are
concerned I practice what I teach. I am con-
fident that a man who runs his own risks makes
the money. If you allow companies and indi-
viduals to run the risk for the Government,
they will make money out of the Government,
and T protest against their making money out
of the Government in this way.
Mr. COIiBETT. That would be a very good
plan if it did not interfere with our treaty stip-
ulations. Our treaty stipulations provide that
a certain amount of money and a certain
amount of goods shall be supplied to these
Indians annually. As I understand the idea
of insuring these goods, it is to insure that the
Indians get their goods as stipulated. The
great complaint of the Indians is that we do
not live up to our treaty stipulations and they
do not get their pay promptly. If the Govern-
ment loses a shipment of goods, they cannot
understand why the Government cannot replace
them until we assemble in Congress again and
make another appropriation ; which it is al-
ways difficult to obtain for anything that is lost
or destroyed. There is always a great contest
over such an appropriation. It is very diffi-
cult in the first place to get an appropriation,
and then to get an appropriation for lost goods
is like paying for a dead horse. I presume the
Department have adopted the policy of insuring
these goods as the only way to secure a prompt
fulfillment of our treaty stipulations.
Mr. HOWE. I will only say, not with any
hope of defeating the amendment or earing
whether it is adopted or not, that the difference
between this mode of paying goods and the
mode which I suggest is very apparent. W<s
contract to pay the Indians a certain sum, and
it is agreed that the sum shall be paid in money
or in goods. - The theory upon which the Gov-
ernment has practiced is, that they must ex-
pend that amount of money in goods some-
where, and wherever they buy them they must
pay for transporting them to the Indian res-
ervation, wherever that is. The practical
effect is, that instead of spending $100,000,
which the treaty calls for, we spend $100,000
and whatever the transportation is in addition.
Ihis is a wrong to the Government. The value
we got called for just so much money. The
duty °f the Government was to pay itin money,
or, if the Indians desired to have it in goods,
they should pay out of that sum the cost of
transportation. The Senator says it has been
the practice of the Government to deliver the
goods, and to deliver the goods at the cost of
the Government; and I suspect he is right;
but 1 must say the practice is wrong. I under-
stand that even in cases where it is at the
option of the Government to pay a certain sum
in money or in goods, the Government has
chosen, instead of paying the money without
any cost of transportation, to spend the money
