1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4101
in goods and pay the cost of transportation-
That is a wrong to the Government.
The Senator from Kansas wants to know my
opinion on the question of insurance. I have
not had any practical experience on that sub-
ject. I do not know whether it is better for
the Government to insure or not. 1 do insure
myself. I have lost money so far by it, because
I have never had any property burnt up that
was insured but once.
Mr. POMEEOY. I never knew a man but
had lost money by it.
Mr. HOWE. If we did not lose money the
insurance companies would not make any ; that
is very certain.
But the Senate is called upon to decide
whether this practice is right of paying for this
transportation, and if it is right then the Sen-
ate is called upon to consider whether the sum
mentioned in the bill or whether the sum called
forbytheamendnaentisnecessary. Theamount,
of goods is to be $12,020 worth, and the bill
appropriates $3,000 to transport $12,000, and
the amendment calls for over five thousand dol-
lars. The Senator says it is at various points
in the interior of Wisconsin. My judgment is
that no one point is more than eighty miles
from water transportation, and but few of the
goods are to be delivered off from water car-
riage on Lake Superior.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was in lines three hun-
dred and sixty-five and three hundred and
sixty-six, in the appropriations for the Chip-
pewas in Minnesota, to strike out " $1,500"
and insert "$1,800" for the employment of
two carpenters.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines three
hundred and sixty-six and three hundred and
sixty-seven, to strike out "$1,500" and insert
"51.800" for the employment of two black-
smiths.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line three hun-
dred and sixty-seven, to strike out "$2,000"
and to insert "$2,400" for four farm laborers.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line three hun-
dred and sixty-eight, to strike out "$1,000"
and to insert " §1,200" for the compensation
of a physician.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line three hun-
dred and sixty-nine, to strikeout " $250" and
to insert "$500''' for the purchase of medi-
cine for the sick.
Air. HOWE. That raises the question
whether $500 worth of medicines is necessary
for these Indians in a single year.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was after "1801," in
line three hundred and seventy, to strike out
"$6,250."
Mr. HENDERSON. That is merely a
recapitulation of the various amounts appro-
priated in the clause, and is entirely unneces-
sary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines three
hundred and eighty-five and three hundred
and eighty-six, in the appropriations for the
Chippewas of the Mississippi, and Pillager, and
Lake Winnebagoshish bands of Chippewas in
Minnesota, to strikeout "$400" and insert
" $650 so as to make the clause read :
For pay of services and traveling expenses of a
board of visiteis, to consist of not more than three
persons, to attend the annuity payments to the In-
dians, and to inspect the fields, buildiugs, mills, and
other improvements,' as ^stipulated in the seventh
aviiele, treaty May 7, 1.864, not exceeding any one
year more tinin twenty day's service, at five dollars
per day, or mure than three hundred miles travel, at
ten cents pel' mile, Jffil).
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after
line three hundred and eighty-six :
1'or this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary to defray the expenses incident to the
removal of the scattering bands ot Chippewa Indians
in Minnesota to their reservations, S15.U00.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may bo
necessary in addition to the residue of funds already
appropriated for the object, to subsist the scattering
bands of Chippewa Indians in Minnesota for six
months after their arrival at their new reservations,
887,395 84.
I tor this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary to erect a new unll atRed lakefor the use
of Chippewa Indians in Minnesota, 610,000.
For employment of female teachers to teach domes-
tic economy, $1,000.
Mr. HOWE. I must ask for an explanation
of that.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is rather an
important amendment, and my friend from
Minnesota [Mr. Kaiisey] in all probability is
more familiar with the circumstances than 1
am. The amendment is proposed upon his
suggestion or the suggestion of his friends in
Minnesota. I send to the Clerk's desk the
estimates and statement of the Department on
this subject. It is a matter that I know but
very little about. It is, however, a large ap-
propriation, and is therefore important, and I
desire the Senate to understand it thoroughly.
Many of the amendments we have acted upon
are mere matters of detail and of very little
importance, but this is really a substantial
matter. I send the documents to the desk,
and ask that they be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Department of the Interioe,
Washington, 1). C., March 25,1868.
Sir: I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy
of a communication ot the 18th instant, and accom-
panying papers, from the Commissioner of Indian
Aliairs, submitting an " estimate of appropriations
required for thediiferent bandsof Chippewalndians
in Minnesota, m removing them to their reserva-
tions, and subsisting them tor six months after their
arrival; also, tor the ot ection ot a mill at Red lake."'
The attention ot Congress is lespecttully invited to
an early consideration of the subject.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
0. II. BltOWiUSa, /Secretary,
lion. Schuyler Colj.ax.
Speaker oj the Hume of Representatives.
Department of the Interior,
Office of Indian Affairs,
"Washington, L>. C., March 18, 18tj8.
Sir: I have the honor to inclose herewith copies
of a tetter trom Agent Uassoit, ilated the loth instant,
sotting lorth the necessity tor removing certain In-
dians now residing at Otter Tail lake to the reserva-
tion at White Earth lake; alsool one dated the t>th
instant, relative to the removal of some ot the Mis-
sisippt bandsof the Chippewas to their new reserva-
tions, stating the cost ot such removal and of the
subsistence required to teed the Indians for six
months after their arrival, and recommending that
tunds tor the purpose be appropriated at once, as
the Indians will Lie removed oarly m the coming ;
summer. 1
The appropriation for removing and subsisting the ;
Indians in question, made under tnc tieaty ot JMay j
7, 1&o4, with the Chippewas (see Statutes-at-Large,
vol. 13, p. obli was based upon the supposition Mat j
there were eleven hundred Indians to be removed j
and subsisted tor six mouths alter their ariival at |
their new reservation. It appears from agent Bus- j
sett's letter ot tile 6th instant that seven hundred ]
and thirty-four persons have been removed, and that J
there are nineteen bundled and sixty-six more to be j
taken to said leservation. Tue agent thinKs it will |
cost 515,000 additional to remove those still lemain- >
mg at their old homes, and i^7,3'j8 84 m addition to I
the amount already appropriated to subsist them for j
si.v months thereatter. _ j
The cost of removing and subsisting the Indians j
now at Otter Tail lake is embraced in the foregoing ;
amounts. These Indians are a poition ot tue ril- j
lager band of Chippewas whose reservation is at
Leech lake. They have always refused to go to said i
reservation, but have expressed a desire to move to '
the new reservation belonging to the ilississippi
bands at White Earth lake, which the Mississippi ,
Indians—Agent Basse tisane—aie willing and anxious
to luu e them do. The lands now occupied by them
belong to th  Government. They are beiug rapidly ,
settled, and it is a matter ot aosolute necessity tor ,
the Indians to be removed at once or we m:iy expect ;
tioubicand dibieulty between them and the white ,
settlors '
" The amount of funds estimated by Agent Bnssett
to bo necessary to effect the peaceable lemoval oi
ali these Indians and to subsist them lor six months 1
thereafter may appear Urge; but it all the bauds
scattered through Miuiiesoia can be removed Irorn ,
the lands ceded by (Hem to the 1L mted fctatcs to the
reservations provided lor tht'in by treaty stipula-
tions, and eared for until su<-h time- as mej aieable
to raise a crop, at a cost ot not exceeding: $lU<.,ovh M,
theamount estimated by the agent to be necessary,
it, is the opinion of this office that tue result ol such
removal and the benefits and ad\antageo to be do-
rived therefrom by the white settlers, as wellas the ;
avoidance oi luture tioubies wifh the indutn>-in that ,
section of the couutrj', would oe oi tar more value
and benefit to tho c<>untr> at largo than tne sum j
required to accomplish the desired objects. _ I
1 incloso herewith an estimate of appropriations l
required to remove the Indians in question and to
subsist them for six months thereafter; also for the
erection of a mill atRed lake, which, as will be seen
by Agent Bassett's letter of the 5th, (copy herewith,)
has been totally destro>ed by the bursting of the
boiler; and, if you concur in the views herein ex-
pressed, I respectfully request that the same be laid
before Congress for such actios as in its wisdom may-
be deemed proper and just.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
N. Gr. TAYLOR,, Commissioner.
Hon. 0. H. Browning, Secretary of the Interior.
Washington, March 5,1868.
Sir: Referring to our conversation this day in
relation to a mill at Bed lake, I would say that the
mill which was built at Red lake has been totally
destroyed by the bursting ot the boiler, ax d that the
Indians are very desiiuus to have another built for
them. They have raided this year from six to seven,
thousand bushels of corn, besides a good quantity of
potatoes and other vegetables. The only use they
can make of the corn is to boil it, which they are
iorccd to do. The remoteness and almost inaccessi-
bility of their location renders it very dithcult to
keep a steam mill in repair. I have examiued a
stream that flows into the lake at their settlement
and find a good mill site for a water-mill. I would
therefore recommend that an appropriation be made
lor the purposeof building them a mill at the plaee
above referred to. I think that with an appropriation
of #10,000 lean build them a good saw-miiiandg-rist-
inill thatwill answertheir purposeaforyearstoeome.
Such a mill could be kept in repair by the employes,
and would always be ready to do their work. The
mill that they have had there has been of but very
little use to them, having been out of repair most o£
the time.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. 3. BASSETT,
United States Indian Agent.
Hon. G. Taylok, Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
Washington, March 5,1868.
Sir: Referring to our conversation this day, I
would say that in relation to thelndians who live at
Otter Tail lake, m Otter Tail county, State of Min-
nesota, they are a part ol' the Pillager bands, and
number from four to five hundred; that they have
always lived there, that county being a part of the
country ccded by the Pillagers to the United States,
tliose Indians never having been removed. The
country is rapidly being settled by the whites, and
the Indians are a great annoyance to them, numer-
ous complaints having been made to me by the set-
tlers and thieats ot opon hostilities unless the In-
dians are removed. 1 have consulted the Indians,
and they expressed a desiie to move to the new res-
ervation at White Earth lake if they cuuld be treated
as the Mississippi Indians were. The Mississippi
Indians are willing and anxious to have them go
with them. I would therefore lespectiully request
that I be directed to remove said Indians iu accord-
ance with their wishes to said reservation. My opin-
ion is that unless they are removed the Government
Will be forced to send a military torce there to keep
peace between them and the settlers.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. B. BASSETT,
United States Indian Agent.
Hon. 3f. G. Taylor, Commissioner of Indian Affairs*,
Washington, March 6,1868.
Sir: Referring to your letter of instructions of
August, lb()7,1 tind that additional appropriations
will be necessaiy to carry into effect the provisions
of the treaty of May 7, 1861, and February 9, 1865.
Article twelve of said treaty provides that the Gov-
ernment ot the United States shall provide the said
Indiana with transportation and subsistence to their
new homes, and subsistence thereatter lor six
months.
In pursuance of your instructions I have removed
seven hundred and thirty-lonr of said Indians to
their new reservations, and they are being subsisted
in accordance with your instructions and the treaty
stipulations.
The appropriation heretofore made was for tho
removal and sub-istence ot eleven hundred Indians.
Theie are ot the Mississippi bands about twenty-one
bundled, and ot the Utter Tail bands about live hun-
dred, making m all twenty-six hundred; Iroui which
amount deduct seven hundred and thirty-lour
already removed, and it will leave nineteen hun-
dred and sixty-six still to be removed. The estimate
for the removal was ten dollars per capita, which
sum is as small an amount as it can be done for, and
the contract for subsistence is $31 37 per ration per
day. The whole sum necessary lor the removal,
including the Otter Tail bands, will be $26,000; from
which deduct the amount already appropriated,
(.$11,000,) and it will leave a deficiency oi $15,000.
lue subsistence of the atoresaid Indians upon their
new reservations at the contract price will amount
to the sum of 3102.638 84; from whieh deduct the
auiuunt already appropriated. (£75,240,) and it Will
leave a deliciency of 587,<308 84 to be provided tor.
I respectfully recommend that the above amounts
may be appropriated, as the Indians will be remove
early in the presentsummer. I would also e&r3*.e. %
lecommend that the sum ot
to build a mill for the lied instant,
of whicn are set forth m my letter ot we ot
Respectfully, your obedient s^rJDjj^ggBTT,
United Stiies Indian Agent.
Hon. G. Tatlob, Commissioner of Indian
