186B.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Lave then only to unfetter the industry of the
country, readjust our currency so that it shall
be equal to gold, which will not, we hope, be
long delayed. When this is done our securities
will be equal to any in the world, will be eag-
erly sought after by capitalists everywhere, and
can be sold at a rate of interest that will re-
duce the interest on the public debt about one
third and relieve the people of taxation to thi
extent.
SUFFRAGE AND RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, referring
myself to several measures now pending in this
House, or lately passed, and to various speeches
which have been made here, I submit some
observations on three principal heads: suffrage
in general, negro suffrage, and the reconstruc-
tion laws. And if the discussion seems more
elementary than is usual in this Chamber I
beg gentlemen to remember that all safe con-
clusions are derived from elementary discus-
sions. First principles are our best guides to
eoinplcx truths.
The first relation which the new-born boy
sustains is that of the family, and out of this
relation result many rights and duties, among
which, however, is nothing in the nature of
suffrage. He has no voice in the choice even
of his name, by which he is to be known through
life, nor in the conduct of the affairs of the
family. When he becomes a pupil in school
or an apprentice in a workshop or an office
clerk he is subject to the will of others who
have been placed over him, not by his election,
but by the disposing providence of his parents
or guardians. Nor in the higher relation whieh
the human being sustains to his Creator has he
any choice or election. He is brought into the
world and taken out of it according to a will
superior to his own ; and through all his life—
" There's a divinity that shapes our ends,
Rough-hew them how we will."
But when men, emancipated from the disa-
bilities of infancy, and free to act within the
sphere of human agency that has been allotted
to them, come together to form a common-
wealth they settle for themselves the princi-
ples upon which they will be governed; they
agree what rulers they will have and how they
shall be chosen. And in doing this they are
guided by no natural laws, but by an intelligent
regard to the conveniences and expediencies
of their situation. If they find a government
already established their consent to it is im-
plied from their remaining under it, claiming
its protection, and enjoying its benefits. So
that every member of the State has either as-
sisted at laying the foundations or consented
to them as laid, and in both cases suffrage and
whatever other political rights he has acquired
have come, not from nature, but from the
social compact.
The governing power may be divinely ap-
pointed. as in the Jewish theocracy; or it may
be founded in conquest, as has happened in
every age of the world; or it may be heredi-
tary in families whom revolution has placed
upon the throne, as in the existing monar-
chies of Europe; or it may be conferred by
the consent of the governed, as in the instance
of our own country. All governmental func-
tions have their root in power or compact.
Naturally A lias no more right to rule over B
than B lias to rule A, but if one is stronger
than the other power decides the right; or if,
for mutual advantage, they agree how to rule
and be ruled, compact becomes the foundation
of their State. In neither case has suffrage or
any other incident that is peculiar to the gov-
ernment any foundation in nature.
The Declaration of American Independence
is often misapplied to this subject. Thirteen
English colonies were in the act of throwing
off and abjuring the only civil Government
under which they had ever ever lived. That
Government set aside, they were remitted to a
state of nature; and in a state of nature, ante-
cedently to the formation of civil government,
the Declaration, copying Locke, declares—
"That all moil are created equal; that they are
endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable
rights; that among —
pursuit of happiness."
are life, liberty, and the
But it goes on immediately to declare that
" to secure thesa-rights governments are insti-
tuted amonj*aien, deriving their just powers
from the cpSsent of the governed."
ThustKat immortal instrument brings into
sharp/Contrast the freedom and equality of a
,y§i nature, and the restricted freedom of
a s«ite of government. It does not predicate
solute freedom and equality of a state of gov-
rnment, but of a state of nature before civil
government has intervened or been set up. To
secure these natural rights governments are
formed, and government creates distinctions
and inequalities, for some must rule and others
obey, else you have no government at all. If
I am too weak to defend and secure my natural
rights standing alone, I will associate with oth-
ers in like condition and give up some of my
natural rights for the sake of forming with
them a commonwealth that shall secure to us
all the great rights of life, liberty, and the pur-
suit of happiness. For the sake of these great
interests 1 will assent to a condition of inequal-
ity and subjection which nature never ordained.
Such is the manner in which civil government
supervenes upon natural rights, and the mis-
construction which is so frequently made of the
Declaration of Independence consists in apply-
ing to a state of government that which it predi-
cates of a state of nature. The Declaration of
Independence never became an article of the
Constitution nor an institute of the Govern-
ment. The colonies I repeat, were passing
from one government to another, and in the
transition they called to mind their .natural
rights, that the government about to be formed
might secure those that are specified. But,
while these rights are distinctly asserted as
proper objects of governmental protection,
neither the absolute freedom nor equality of
individuals in a state of civil government is
affirmed.
And let it be observed, sir, that suffrage is
not among the natural rights which the Decla-
ration enumerates. Nor was it mentioned in
Magna Charta. That famous passage begin-
ning nullus liber homo, which has been called
bad Latin but good law, contains the germinal
principles of our Bills of Rights, but does not al-
lude to the elective franchise. The "Petition
of Right'' and the '' Bill of Rights'' in the reign
of Charles I were equally silent on this head.
Liberty never had more passionate devotees
than our Saxon ancestors, among whom those
principles.of common law grew up which were
reasserted in Magna Charta and the Petition of
Right. But suffrage was not claimed. They
were content that rulers should be elected by
the sword, by hereditary succession, by revolu-
tion, or by accident; but, whoever ruled, re-
ligion and speech should be free, trial by jury
and habeas corpus should be inviolate, the peo-
ple should be secure in their persons, houses,
papers, and effects from unreasonable searches
and seizures; warrants should issue only on
sworn probable cause, and no one should be
held to answer for crime unless on presentment
of a grand jury, or be deprived of life, liberty,
or property without due process of law.
These were the great principles of civil lib-
erty that were insisted on and obtained and
maintained without popular elections once
mentioned or thought of. Yet there are men
in our day so ignorant as to teach that suffrage
is essential to tfie negroes of the South to se-
cure the civil rights we have conferred upon
them. As if life, liberty, and the pursuit of
happiness could not be secured without the
ballot 1 Not only does all the history of Eng-
lish freedom disprove it, but the presence of
women, minors, and foreigners in our midst in
the full enjoyment of life, liberty, and the pur-
suit of happiness without the ballot demon-
strates the folly of such a pretense.
It is not intended to deny that suffrage may
be a safeguard to these civil rights; it is only
not indispensable to them. When, in the or-
ganization ofa State, suffrage is made universal
or limited or qualified, it is controlled by high
considerations of convenience and general wel-
fare, not by natural rights or necessity. Who
shall be voters and who shall not be is a ques-
tion of expediency rather than of principle,
and is to be decided by a due regard to the
greatest good of the greatest' number. The
framersof our Declaration of Independence
so considered it; for, while they asserted the
natural rights of the man and the principles
of good government, they left it to the States
which they called into being to regulate suf-
frage. The pith and substance of the Decla-
ration of Independence are contained in these
grand words:
"We, therefore, the Representatives of the United
States in general Congress assembled, appealing to
the Supreme Judge of the world for the rectitude of
our intentions, do, in the name and by the authority
of the good people of these Colonies, solemnly pub-
lish anddeelare that these united Colonies are, and of
right ought to be, free and indcpendentStates; and
that as free and independent States they have fall
power to levy war, conclude peace, contract alliances,
establish commerce, and to do all other acts and
things which independent States may of right do."
What a sublime fiat was that by whieh free
and independent States were evoked from
colonial dependence and bondage. If ever the
voice of the people was the voice of God it
was when it thundered these words into the
ears of the nations: independent States, with
full power to do all things which independent
States may of right do. How large the charter
here elaimed! And how triumphantly it was
borne aloft through the fires of the Revolution!
And how absolute the acknowledgment that
was wrung from the monarchs of earth that
thesepoor dependemj,Colomesliad, indeed, burst
into States. Sir, do gentlemen consider what
a State is? In law, it is treated as a corpora-
tion ; but it is more than that, for corporations,
both municipal and private) arc merely creatures
of the legislative will, whereas States make
Legislatures instead of being made by them.
No sharp definition of the incorporeal essence
which wo call a State is, perhaps, possible;
but, without going into metaphysical distinc-
tions, it may be said that a State is formed by an
aggregation of individuals into one Common-
wealth sufficiently numerous and possessing a
territory sufficiently extensive to secure their
independence and to enforce their will as
supreme law. And when the supreme power
is exercised by the people of such a State or
by representatives of their own choosing the
government is republican in form.
Such were the States which the colonists
formed in 1776. They were thirteen living
examples not only of States, but of republican
States; and whoever would learn what our
Constitution means when it speaks of guaran-
tying republican forms of government has only
to study the constitution of those States.
Two years after the Declaration of Inde-
pendence these States, in the exercise of the
inherent powers which they claimed to them-
selves, entered into Articles of Confederation
in whieh they called themselves the " United
States of America," a name which the subse-
quent Constitution retained.
The second article of Confederation reads as
follows :
"Each State retains its sovereignty, freedom, and
independence, and every power, jurisdiction, and
right which is not by this confederation expressly
delegated to the United States in Congress assembled.
"Aiir. V. For the more convenient management
of the general interest of the United States delegates
shall be annually appointed in such manner as the
Legislature of caeh State shall direct,"
Now, sir, take notice that while each State
possessed necessarily, in virtue of its statehood,
the absolute right of regulating suffrage within
its own borders, it did not delegate this right
to the Federal Government; but, on the con-
trary, the Federal Government agreed that its
own rulers should be chosen by such electors
as the States should qualify. Very important
it is that this fundamental principle of our civil
polity should be kept in view, for it is one of
the mischievous devices of our times to scout
State rights as a "pestiferous heresy," whereas
it is really the rock on which our political
fabric is built, and other foundation can no
man lay than that is laid.
