1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1
on his account,, and I regret it on our own. If
I supposed that any resolution of the Senate
would justify such a communication, I cer-
tainly would not vote for it. Now, these are
confidential agents, sometimes very important.
Why require that their names and the amount
they receive shall be sent here to the Senate ?
If it is desired, if we fear that the power is
being abused, we can call for the information
at any time; but we ought not to require it in
this way. All these regular reports that are
made to us lie upon our tables and are never
looked at by Senators. There are some thirty
volumes sent to the House of Representatives
or to the Senate of executive reports of vari-
ous kinds, and I doubt very much whether any
Senator looks over them. I trust this amend-
ment will not be agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think there is another
reason why this amendment should not pre-
vail. The Secretary of State, in the communi-
cation which was read to us the other day,
stated that not one of the agents whom he
enumerated had received any compensation
for his services, but had only taken his actual
expenses. Now, for employment of this kind
it is very desirable that the Secretary of State
should have men of high character and posi-
tion, such as he certainly did select, according
to .the list of names sent to us. What gentle-
man is going to serve the State Department in
that capacity if his name is to be sent in here
and the amount of money he has received and
the time he has been absent, and he is to be
treated precisely like an employ6 who serves
where he can get the most money? The con-
quence will be that the Secretary will have to
descend to that class of men who go for pay
instead of men who are willing to go and serve
the Government and receive no compensation.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will suggest another
difficulty that has not yet been suggested. If
this amendment be adopted, although the ser-
vice for the discharge of which the agent may
have been appointed is not completed, yet his
name must be exposed at the end of the year
when the regular report comes in. Of course,
it will be necessary for him to be named if he
has been appointed at all. His name will go
to the public. This might defeat the very
object that the Secretary had in view in his
appointment. Therefore I think the amend-
ment ought not to be adopted in its present
slllip6«
Mr. STEWART. I must confess that I am
unable to comprehend this matter. I cannot
see what relations the United States can have
with any foreign Government that are of so
secret a character that the agents cannot be
known. I do not believe we have any such
relations with the Governments of the world.
That might hav.e been so in former years when
the business of each Government was to cheat
the other. When diplomacy was a trick there
might have been something in that; butin this
country, situated as it is, isolated from Europe,
not engaged in their kingcraft at all, I do not
believe there is anything connected with our
Government to forbid the names of its agents
being sent to the Senate. It ought not to be
humiliating to any gentleman, however high,
to be an agent of the United States and have
that fact known. If it was proper that he
should be employed, certainly it could not hu-
miliate him to have that fact known; and if
it was improper that he should be appointed,
if lie was given this commission for the pur-
pose of making a European tour at the ex-
pense of the United States, that fact ought to
be known, and it ought to reflect upon him if
he is a man of character. Besides, it would
not appear from this report which I propose
to have made, what he had gone abroad for,
bat simply that he was an agent of this Gov-
ernment. , .
Mr. SUMNER. The proposition of my friend
is like those that have preceded it- it seeks a
change of the existingsystem, even to the extent
of entirely overturning it; and m enforcing his
proposition, the Senator says that he sees no
reason for the employment of any secret agents
by the Department of State. If my friend had
given to that question the attention which I
know he gives to others I should listen with
very great respect to his conclusion. If he had
gone into it as he goes into questions with
regard to mines, and then would communicate
the results of his examination to the Senate, I
believe that there are none who would be hear-
kened to with more entire respect. But I do
submit to my friend that he does take some-
thing of a burden upon himself when on his
own judgment he proposes to reverse the stand-
ing policy of this Republic from the Adminis-
tration of Washington. Those most intimate
with our foreign affairs, whether in the Senate
or out of it, I believe concurin the opinion that
something of this nature is needed—I do not
say on any large scale, but that some means
are needed to be at the disposal of the State
Department, something like this—for the man-
agement of our foreign relations. I was going
to ask my friend to withdraw his proposition,
so that we need not vote on it.
Several Senators. Let us vote.
Mr. STEWART. It may be that I am un-
familiar with the exact reasons which apply to
this case. I offered the amendment for the
purpose of eliciting the .reasons. If there is
any good reason why this Government should
conceal the names of the agents whom it em-
ploys for any business I should like to hear
them. If such reasons exist it ought to be
within the poiver of a man to state them or to
illustrate them in some way. There are a great
many things that we do in secret in regard to
which there is no reason for secrecy. There
is no reason for considering an Indian treaty
in secret session of the Senate, and yet we
close the doors and consider it in secret. Such
treaties are made with little tribes that have
no dignity as nations, and yet it seems to be
regarded by the practice of the Government as
disrespectful to the grand, high contracting
powers with which we make these treaties to
allow our doors to be open while we discuss
them. So we go into secret session upon them.
We do secretly a great many things that had
better be done openly.
There may be some reasons for this ; but, as
I stated before, I cannot see it. 1 do not know
what negotiations this Government can have
or ought to have with foreign Powers of so
secret a character that the fact that an agent
has been employed may not be published,
without stating the service on which he was
employed. What objection can there be to
publishing the fact that a certain person was
employed by the Government at a certain time
and received so much, without stating what his
business was, without any further disclosure,
and not stating whether he went out of the
country or where he was—nothing more than
the mere fact that he was employed so long by
the Government and received so much money?
It may be that there is some mystery about it;
but having ascertained that there are some
things which we do mysteriously that do not
require any secrecy, and our management of
the Indians being a very marked illustration
of it, I thought 1 would'propose this amend-
ment, and learn what reasons exist for secrecy
here. We sit in solemn session, in secret, to
consider treaties, made, perhaps, with half a
dozen Indians, whom it would be very difficult
to find, with names that nobody ever heard of
] before. We know that we do that, and every-
body knows there is no necessity for secrecy
in that case, and if there is any necessity for
secrecy here let it be stated. 1 cannot see it.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
hope that Senators will permit us to come to a
vote on this question. I do not wish to impose
onthekindness of my friend from Iowa. 1 sup-
pose the Senate understand the merits of the
question. I have refrained entirely from speak-
ing because 1 desired to come to a vote. I
wish to say. however, to my friend from Mas-
sachusetts that it was not simply and purely
distrust of the Administration that led to the
introduction of this bill. When the subject
came before the Committee on Retrenchment
it was looked at simply and purely in that light.
It -was understood that the number of officers
employed by the different Departments of the
Government had greatly increased and largely
augmented the expenses of the Government
during the war and in 'the State Department
as well as in other Departments of the Govern-
ment. The number of consuls and the num-
ber of ministers and other employes of the
State Department has greatly increased. Still,
we feel the force of the remarks which have
been made by the chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Relations. In time of war there is
an absolute necessity for some of these .secret
agents; perhaps not in time of peace ; and if
we are to retrench here in the State Depart-
ment let us cut off some of the useless consuls
and ministers. I hope we shall come to a vote
at once.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada to the amendment of the committee.
The amendment to the amendment was
rGjsctsd#
Mr. HOWARD. There is a class of officers,
or quasi officers, not very numerous, who seem
to have escaped the attention of the commit-
tee that reported this bill, and they are the
railroad commissioners existing under the
various acts of Congress in reference to the
Pacific railroad and its branches. I do not
think their case is covered by the language of
the bill, and I venture, therefore, to move an
amendment, to insert after the word "known,"
in the sixth line of the first section, the words
"nor any railroad commissioner;" so as to
read:
That at and after ten days from the passage of this
act no general or special agent of the President, or
of any of the Departments, bureaus, or branches of
the Government, by whatever name or designation
he may be known, nor any railroad commissioner,
except," &c.
I suppose there will be no objection to this
amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. This necessitates a further
amendment in line seven of section two by in-
serting after the word " law " the words " nor
any railroad commissioner," so as to make the
bill symmetrical.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. Then in section three after
the word "agents," in line two, the words
"railroad commissioners" should be inserted,
and after the word " agent " in line five the
word "commissioner."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to propose a verbal
change by inserting in the sixth line of the
sixth section the word "special" before
"agents ;" so as to give their proper legal des-
ignation to the special agents of the Post
Office Department here provided for.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I notice that the last
clause of the third section conflicts with the
tenure-of-otliee bill. I do not know but th^t
it is right; still I wish to call the attention
of the Senate to it. The tenure-of-office bill
provides:
"That every person holding any civil office to
which he has been appointed by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, and every person who shall
hereafter be appointed to any such office, and be-
come duly qualified to act therein, is and shall be
entitled to hold such office until a successor shall
have been in like manner appointed and duty qua.li-
; lied."
The effect of which is that men confirmed
by the Senate hold office until the Senate con-
sents to their removal. The concluding clause
of the third section of this bill, however, puts
it in the power of the President to discontinue
at his pleasure all the class of officers named
in the section without the advice and consent
of the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. Provided he discon-
tinues the agency or office which they fill*
