1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3077
railroad in tHe land must have it, and the out-
rage must be multiplied- and quadrupled!
Mr. CAMERON. That is not logic.
•Mr. 60-NNESS. No, Mr. President, it is
not logic. That is what I began to- say; I
understand what the Seto'ator "aims at very
well; but if he were as well' acquainted with
the localities and the; demands, of these other
roads as we happen to be he would not bring
forward the amendment which he proposes.'
Bat, sir,' I promised not to occupy the time
of the Sen&te, and I intend- to abide by that
promise. I give notice to the Senate that I
shall call this bill up again, perhaps later in
the day, when opportunity offers, or to-mor-
row, and I desire it to be exposed to the closest
scrutiny ; and I invite the close examination
as well as the most forcible arguments of nay
honorable friend from Pennsylvania to sustain
his proposition.
Mr. HOWARD. I merely wish to say, in
reply to a suggestion made by the honorable
Senator from Pennsylvania, that if in case it
shall turn out that in the judgment of the Sec-
retary of War and the President the whole of
this island ought to be retained for military
purposes they may so retain it, and this com-
pany cannot get a foot of it. The military
authorities are to determine the question
whether any portion of this island can be
spared for the purposes contemplated in the'
bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the docu-
ment which has been laid on the table by the
Senator from Pennsylvania be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. There is a map accom-
panying it. Let it be printed without the map.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes; the original map
can be returned with the printed document.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson", its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
enrolled bill (H. R. No. 601) making appro
priations for the naval service for the year end-
ing June 30, 1869; and it was thereupon signed
by the President pro tempore.
NATIONAL BANKS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The time
has arrived for the consideration of the special
order.
Mr. CHANDLER. With the leave of the
Senator from Ohio, I desire to make the mo-
tion which I proposed to make a while ago,
that to-morrow be sot apart for the considera-
tion of bills from the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
that motion being made, if it does not lead to
debate.
Mr. HARLAN. I shall have to interpose
an objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I hope we shall
proceed with the regular order.
Mr. HARLAN. I shall want to call up the
District business to-morrow.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let the vote be taken
on my motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Michigan moves that to-morrow be
set apart for the consideration of bills reported
from the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HARLAN. I' desire to say something
before that question is put.
Mr. SHERMAN. A single objection makes
the motion out of order at this time.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I give notice that
I shall to-morrow ask the Senate to take up
for consideration the bills from the Committee
on Commerce. Last Saturday was set apart
for those bills, but they then went over, and I
shall now ask that to-morrow be substituted.
Mr. SHERMAN. I insist that we go on
with the regular order.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Ohio calls for the special order, which
is the bill (S. No. 440) supplementary to an act
entitled "An act to provide a national cur-
rency secured by a pledge of United States
bonds, and to provide for the circulation and
redemption thereof," approved June 3, 1864.
The pending question is on the-amendment
reported by the Committee-on Finance, to in-,
sert the words which will be read after the
word "deposits," in line twelve of the first1
section-. ' -
The-Chief Cleric read the words proposed to
be inserted, as follows :
And-the limitation prescribed 'in section twenty-
nine of said act, which restricts the liabilities of indi-
viduals, companies, corporations, or firms, lor money
borrowed of national banking associations to one
tenth of the capital of such associations, is hereby
made applicable to all deposits made by such asso-
ciations with the private bankers or brokers or bank-
ing associations not organized under the national
currency act.
The "amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the fol-
lowing as the third section of the bill:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That section forty-
two of said act be so amended as to provide that
within ninety days from the date of the notice served
upon the Comptroller of the Currency by any na-
tional banking association that its shareholders have
voted to go into liquidation as provided in said sec-
tion, the said association shall pay over to the 'treas-
urer of the United States the amountof its outstand-
ing notes in lawful money of the United States, anu
take up the bonds which said association has on
deposit with the Treasurer for the security of its cir-
culating notes, which bonds shall be assigned to the
bank in the manner specified in the nineteenth sec-
tion of this act; in default of which the Comptroller
of the Currency shall sell said bonds to the highest
bidder at public auction in the city of New York,
and from the proceeds thereof shall pay over to the
Treasurer of the United States, in lawful money, an
amount equal to the outstanding circulation of such
association, and shall pay over any surplus remain-
ing to tho officers of the association. _ And any asso-
ciation which has heretofore gone into liquidation!
under the provisions of the section to wh,ch this is
an amendment shall pay over to the Treasurer law-
ful money equal in amount to its outstanding circu-
lation within thirty days from the date of the pas-
sage of this act, in default of which its bonds shall
bo sold as above provided. And from that time the
outstanding notes shall be redeemed at tho Treasury
of tho United States, and the said association and
the shareholders thereof shall bo discharged from all
liability therefor: Provided, That any association
winding up its affairs for the purpose of consolida-
tion with another bank shall not be compelled to
pay to the Ticasurer of the United States thuamount
of its outstanding circulation in lawful money, nor
shall its bonds be sold as above provided.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask the Senator from
Ohio what will be the result of this amendment,
if it is adopted, in case the Government should
return to specie payments and adopt such
measures as to redeem its own outstanding
notes, the legal tenders. Provision is here
made for disposing of the bonds^ held by
banks and paying the amount realized from
them in currency to the Government to reim-
burse it and turning over the balance to the
bank, if the Government shall have returned
to specie payments so as to redeem its legal
tenders in specie at any time, will it not be
obliged to redeem those notes with gold ? It
seems to me that when these bonds are dis-
posed of and national bank bills paid out the
Government will be obliged to redeem them.
Can it redeem them in bank bills, or will it
have to pay gold for them, provided it shall
then have no legal-tender notes in circulation?
I ask the Senator from Ohio what would be
the effect of the amendment in that view.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator will see that
no such ease can possibly arise, because before
the bank ean withdraw its bondsitmustdeposit
with the Treasurer lawful money of the United
States to the full amount of its circulation.
That "lawful money" is not bank notes;
"lawful money" is greenbacks or gold. Con-
sequently, if specie payments were resumed,
and our notes were as good as gold, they would
have to deposit gold, or greenbacks, which
would then be equal to gold.
Mr. CORBETT. The question in my mind
was whether this section would allow them to
deposit other bank bills.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; the section ex-
pressly says " the amount of its outstanding
notes in lawful money of the United Slates."
"Lawful money of the United States " is a
technical term which applies only to legal ten-
ders or gold.
Mr. CORBETT. That was the pomt I wished
to be certain about: I was afraid there might
be some doubt as to it,
Mr. SHERMAN. There can be none. The
words " lawful -money " are sufficiently defi-
nite. : '
Mr. FERRY. In the twelfth line of this
amendment there is a reference t.o " the nine-
teenth section of this act.?' I. suppose the
word " this " should be changed to the word
Mr. SHERMAN. It ought to be* "the
nineteenth section of said act."
Mr. FERRY. I move that amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That modi-
fication will be made without a formal vote if
there be no objection.
The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. HOWE. The amendment says these
bonds are to be sold "at public auction."
Would that require them to be sold at the
regular stock sales?
Mr. SHERMAN. The national bank act
provides the mode and manner of soiling
bonds; it is to be done at public auction.
They are sold at the stock exchange, I sup-
pose.
Mr. HOWE. Would they necessarily be
sold in that way?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; because the
original bank act requires it. This only repeats
its language. The provision is that they must
be sold in New York at public auction. If the
Senator thinks there is any doubt about it, I
have no objection to putting in the words " at
the stock exchange."
Mr. HOWE. I simply asked the question.
There may be public auctions in New York
entirely independent of the stock exchange.
Mr. SHERMAN. But 1 take it the Treas-
urer of the United States, as a matter of course,
would sell these bonds at the place where all
such things are sold.
Mr. HOWE. I should think he would.
Mr. SHERMAN. But if the Senator has
any doubt about it he may put in the words
"at the stock exchange" after the words
"public auction."
Mr. JOHNSON. That had better be done.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection.
Mr. HOWE. I think it would be well to put
in those words.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well, let them be
inserted.
Mr. HOWE. I move to insert the words
"at the stock exchange" after "auction."
The amendment to the amendment was
adopted.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to insert the following as the fourth
section of the bill:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That there shall
be allowed to receivers of national banking associa-
tions, appointed in accordance with the provisions
of the national currency act, in full compensation
for their services, a salary of $1,500 per annum, and
in addition thereto a commission ot three per cent,
upon the first $100,000; a commission of one per cent,
upon all sums above $100,000 and not exceeding
$500,000, and a commission of one half ot one per
cent, on all sums ovor SuOli.OOO that may be collected;
which salary and commission shall be paid by t.he
Comptroller of tho Currency out of any moneys
realized from the assets of the bank so in the hands
of the receiver: Provided, That thopnymcntof one
half of tho commissions may bo reserved, in the dis-
cretiou of the Comptroller, until the affairs of the
bankare finally closed. And all receivers, appointed
as aforesaid, shall be considered officers or agents of
the Government, and shall have the right to bring
suits in thc United States courts. And the judge of
the United States district court for the district in
which such suits are brought, shall fix the fees or
compensation to be allowed to the attorneys for such
receivers, having due reference to the amount of
labor performed and to the interests of the creditors
of the bank.
Mr. CAMERON. I move to amend the
amendment by making "three" in the sixth
line "two," "one" in the seventh line "one
half;" and "one half" in the ninth "line "one
quarter," so as to make the commission two
per cent, on the first $100,000, one half of
one per cent, beyond that up to $500,000, and
one quarter of one per cent, on all above
$500,000. The amendment of the committee
