THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
Mr., POMEROY. Perhaps that ought to
be so; but still so far as it relates to these
particular offices it conflicts with the tenure-
of-office bill.
Mr. PA1IERSON, of New Hampshire. I
will simply say that that clause was put in to
provide for cases where the duties of these
agents should cease during the recess of Con-
gress, giving the President a right to dispense
n°M0n^,WT,trh^? aSent but with his place.
Mr. HARLAN. I offer the following amend-
meni as &x\ additional section:
That thoPresident be, and
ho is hereby, authorized, by and with t.he advice and
consent of the Senate, to appoint in addition to those
™ for Wrby V7' th'WwtarfidiSi agents*
'l1,0 Sty° ,°f I«wa, two for the Territory of
Dakota, three lor tbe territory of Montana, two for
the Terutory of Idaho, two for the Territory of Ari-
thU'Vt0 °/w of New Mexico, one for
the htate of Nevada, and one for the Indian Terri-
tory, whose compensation shall not exceed $1,500 per
yeai each: Provided, That the President may at any
time discontinue any of said agencies.
In explanation of this perhaps I ought to
remark, in addition to what I said a few days
since, that there have been agents employed by
the Interior Department for work of this kind
which I think they must necessarily employ
hereafter or suffer great embarrassment. I
have by inquiry at the Department ascertained
that there are thirteen or fourteen Indian agents
employed in this way, and in looking over the
report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
I find the necessity for them. I will illustrate
it by reading a paragraph or two from the
report. In relation to Arizona the Commis-
sioner remarks:
"There is no full agent for Arizona. The special
agents are John Fendge, appointed November 7,1865,
to the charge of the river tribes, and Levi Ruggles,
appointed April 28,1866, to the Papagos agency."
In relation to Nevada the Commissioner
remarks:
"Franklin Campbell is tbe special agent for Ne-
vada; there is no full agent."
And so I find in relation to each of the
other cases which I specify in this amendment.
These agents are appointed to serve in con-
nection with tribes with whom we are now in
treaty relations, but for which tribes there has
been no agents provided by any law. They are
consequently appointed by the Department;
and this has been the custom for many years.
I remember having called the attention of
Congress to it myself at one time, and requested
authority of law for the appointment of these
agents; but it was passed over at the time for
some cause.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask my friend
whether, as this is a retrenchment bill, that
is not rather a curious kind of retrenchment
to provide for appointing some dozen more
officers?
Mr. HARLAN. That may be so; but I sug-
gest it to the judgment of the Senate whether
it is wise now to cut off this kind of communi-
cation with a large number of Indian tribes
with whom we have made treaties recently.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This, I understand, is
an addition to the agents now allowed by law.
Mr. HARLAN. In addition to the regular
agents now allowed by law; but they are in
service, and have been in service for years,
many of them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is not a cutting off.
Mr. HARLAN. It is no cutting off and no
addition, but merely puts it in the power of the
President and Senate hereafter to appoint
these agents; it legalizes what has been done
under a discretion supposed to be lodged with
the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. RAMSEY. The bill as it stands cuts
them off, and the Senator from Iowa wants to
save them.
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, sir; the bill reported
:by the committee and now under the consider-
ation of the Senate, it seems to me, cuts them
off, and will deprive the Interior Department
of their use hereafter.
Mr. PATTI5BSON, of New Hampshire. I
hope the Senate will not incumber the bill
with fhis amendment. If we .admit all the
amendments in this direction which gentlemen
propose thenature of the bill will be completely
changed. We can make an amendment to
the Indian appropriation bill which will cover
all the wants of the Indian service.
Mr. HARLAN. But in the mean time these
officers will be put out of office. This bill term-
inates their existence finally in ten days after
its passage. I have no personal interest in the
matter; I am not on any committee connected
with the Interior Department; but I could not
fail to observe the embarrassment which it
seems to me will grow out of the passage of the
bill without some such amendment. I leave it,
of course, for the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. I think there is a little
misapprehension in regard to the effect of this
amendment. It does not propose to increase
the number of agents; but, as this bill would
cut off all the agents now employed and that
are necessary, this amendment proposes to
legalize a certain number and cause their reap-
pointment by the President and Senate, while
now they^ are designated by the Secretary of
the Interior alone. In this connection I desire
to say that it will be simply putting the Indian
agents of tho whole country upon the same
basis that the Indian agents in the State of Cal-
ifornia are on now. They are provided for
by law and their salary specified, and they are
appointed by the President and Senate ; and
this is putting the existing agents elsewhere
upon the same basis, not increasing the num-
ber, and I think in many in stances cutting down
the compensation, for this fixes the compensa-
tion uniformly at $1,500, which is a very mod-
erate sum.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not understand
it before.
Mr. CONNESS. I saw that; and I think,
so far from embarrassing the bill, it is a very
useful and necessary amendment, because the
bill would drive these men out of office, and
the Department cannot do without their ser-
vices.
Mr. COLE. It is evident that there will be
much more discussion on this bill, and, judging
from the importance of the amendment just
offered, it seems to me that the whole measure
should receive very careful attention. I there-
fore move that the further consideration of it
be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
hope that motion will not prevail. Tliia' bill
has been four or five days before the Senate ;
it has been once recommitted, and is now
reported back.
Mr. COLE. It has been up on two or three
days, I think, a short time each day. It has
not, however, been very generally discussed. I
am satisfied I have not had time thus far to give
it the attention 1 should like to bestow on it.
I see that if effects some most radical changes
in the administration of the Government, and
such as I would desire to examine before the
bill becomes a law. I therefore insist on my
motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from California moves that the further con-
sideration of this subject be postponed until
to-morrow.
The motion was not agreed to—ayes seven,
noes not counted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Iowa.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not want to delay
this bill by discussing it; but it seems to me
the amendment itself is an illustration of the
necessity of passing this bill. If so many agents
as are here named have been employed with-
out authority of law it is rather extraordinary,
when at any moment the head of the Depart-
ment might have asked the proper authority
and it could readily have been granted. The
Indian appropriation bill every year adds more
or less to the number of officers of the Indian
department, and I think the proper commit-
tees of the Senate have never refused to give
to the head of the Department officers for In-
dian service when asked for. If, therefore, these
agents have been employed without authority
of law it shows the necessity for passing this
bill.
I have no doubt some temporary inconve-
nience will grow out of the passage of the bill;
officers not now thought of will be cut off; but
that is a temporary matter, and when the fact
is made known to us we can correct it alwafd
in the appropriation bills which annually come
to us, and which annually supply the compen-
sation for these officers. If any officers are cut
off lhat are really needed they will be supplied
afterward by amendments to the appropriation
bills ; and the temporary inconvenience to grow
out of the suspension of these officers until we
can pass the appropriation bills is not to be
weighed against the general merits of the bill.
Therefore, without debating the matter further,
I trust these amendmenis for exceptional cases
will be voted down and left to be provided for
in the general appropriation bills.
Mr. CORBETT. I can see wherein this bill
will affect some agents that are now engaged
in the Indian department in certain matters
that may involve the p^ace of the country in
some of our Territories. I think that the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Iowa is very important. Under his amend-
ment these appointments will come before the
Senate for confirmation, whereas previously
they have not been confirmed, but special
agents have been sent out by the Department
of the Interior to carry into effect certain trea-
ties and disburse certain moneys which would
naturally come under the charge of the Super-
intendent of Indian Affairs in some of these
Territories. This proposed amendment, in-
stead of allowing these appointments to be
made by the Secretary of the Interior, requires
the President to send nominations to the Sen-
ate and to have the agents confirmed by the
Senate. This will tend to secure men of re-
sponsibility, men that some of us know, and I
think it is very important that this amendment
should be adopted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa to the amendment reported by the com-
mittee.
The question being put, a division was called
for.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COiNNESS. I wish simply to say that
the effect of this amendment is to bring before
the Senate, by appointment of the President,
agents now actually in existence, and if it be
not adopted the effect of the bill will bo to
legislate them out of office.
I he question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 31, nays 8 ; as follows:
t YEAS—Messrs. Anthony. Bayacd, Cameron, Cat-
tell, Chandler Conn ess, Corbett. Cracin, Davis.
Drake, jiessoiulen, lowler, Prelinghu\>en, Harlan,
iiendrieks, Howard, Howl1, Johnson, Morgan, Mor-
ton, Is! ye, Patterson of Tennessee, Poineroy, Ramsey
llo*s, Sumner, lipton, Trumbull, Van "Winkle, Wade,
ana i ates~~"~oi,
NAYS—Messrs Bncfcalew, Cole, Conkling, Morrill
ot Maine, Morrill ot Vermont, Pa,tter?on of New
Hampshire, Thayer, and Willey—3
ABoEI\T—Messrs. Dixon, Doolittle, Edmunds,
ierry, Grimes, Guthrie, Henderson, Norton, Sauls-
wTlson—fJmaD' Spraaue' Stewart, Williams, and
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
,, RICKS. T move to strike out
the third, section of the amendment reported
by the committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, Thesectjcn
proposed to be stricken out will be read.
I he Secretary read as follows:
3'A?d ^ enacted, That the term of
otnee ana the employment of all such agents, rail-
roaa commissioners, and inspectors mentioned in the
pieceding section, in offico or employed at the time
or tue passage of this act, shall expire ten days sifter
tne passage of this act; and hereafter every such,
agent,, commi^xoner, or inspector whose employment
President".Vft1?' sha]i be appointed by the
President, with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate; but such agency or inspectorship may be discon-
tinued at the pleasure of the President.
Mr. HENDRICKS. This section, in the fii-st
pld.ee) legislates out of office those agents now
