3078
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
would give a receiver for collecting $100,000,
$4,500 ; my amendment will make it $3,500.
Mr. SHERMAN. So far as I am concerned
I have no objection to the Senator's amend-
ment; but I will state the reason why the
Committee on Finance proposed the compen-
sation for which the section provides. This
compensation is precisely the compensation
of the collectors of internal revenue. We
copied from the internal revenue act the
rates of compensation now fixed by law for
such officers. It will be remembered that the
Comptroller of the Currency, in calling atten-
tion to the necessity of legislation on this sub-
ject, says that the courts in the State of New
York have allowed five per cent, on all sums,
even in one case where the amount of capital
involved was $1,200,000, amounting to an
extortionate sum. This section is for the pur-
pose of x'educing the allowances made by the
courts, the fees of receivers being now fixed by
the State courts. In arriving at what would be
a proper compensation we came to the conclu-
sion that the amount allowed now by law to the
collectors of internal revenue would be about
fair. The duties to bo performed by these offi-
cers are generally of a high character, often very
difficult. Banks are usually broken on account
of frauds or peculations or misconduct, and
frequently the assets are very difficult to be
collected. It was thought, therefore, that on
the amount collected a reasonable commission
should be given. If the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, who knows more about the subject
than I do, thinks that SI,500 a year salary,
and two per cent, on the first $100,000 col-
lected is sufficient, I shall make no special
objection ; but the committee considered the
matter fully, and came to the conclusion that
we had better leave the rates at the amount
proposed by the Comptroller of the Currency,
being the rates fixed by law for collectors of
internal revenue.
Mr. CAMERON. In the case of collectors
of internal revenue, it will be remembered that
they collect in small sums from various persons
in different parts of the district, and sometimes
the districts are very large. Here it is all one
business and will be done under the same roof.
According to my amendment, if $100,000
should be collected, the compensation of the
receiver would be $8,500. I think that is suffi-
cient. If the assets are good, they are gen-
erally collected almost immediately ; and if bad
not at all. Then the percentage is increased
as theamount enlarges. I think the compensa-
tion above $'200,000 is too much, even as I
propose to leave it; but I am willing to agree
to the reduction proposed. My experience in
banking has been that when a bank breaks up
the gentlemen who settle its affairs generally
get pretty much all that is left. I want to save
something for the stockholders, if possible.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I know
that it is an unthankful and an unprofitable
business to undertake to oppose any proposi-
tion here to reduce the pay of anybody who is
expected to perform public duties; but I very
much doubt the propriety of reducing the
amount which is specified in this section as a
compensation to receivers appointed to settle
up the affairs of national banks. I doubt in
the first place the propriety of appointing men
to discharge responsible duties and then giv-
ing them a starvation salary; and it is to that
cause as much as to any other that we may
attribute the great demoralization that has
crept into the public service of this country.
We suppose that we are consulting economy
when we appoint men to office and deny them
a reasonable compensation for their services,
when in point of fact we are endangering, not
only the Government, but the people generally
who are concerned in the transaction of the
public business.
To be a receiver, as it seems to me, in set-
tline up the affairs of a delinquent or broken
bank, requires not only a business man, but it
requires a man who understands questions of
law, who cau not only engage in the collection
of such debts as may be due the bank, but in
the adjustment of all legal questions tbatgrow
out of the settlement. Now, to provide that
such a receiver shall receive only $1,500 a
year, and then $2,000 more for collecting
'$100,000, which would make $3,500 salary for
one year's labor, is to provide that no man fit
to do the work will undertake it. If a bank
was to break in any considerable city, 110 mer-
chant would undertake the business for that
pay; no lawyer would undertake the business
for that pay; and you must procure some
shyster who expects to make up what he lacks
in fees by stealing the assets of the bank.
That will probably be the result unless you
give to those officers such pay as will induce
respectable and honorable men to engage in
the business. The courts, while the bitsiness
has been in their hands of fixing the fees of
these officers, have allowed them much more—
five per cent, perhaps more than they ought
to have received. It may be supposed that a
court is honest in this allowance, and that a
court understands what is really due a man for
the transaction of such business ; and a court
conversant with the man and the business he
has done has allowed much more than this
amendment provides.
It seems to me that it is desirable that these
persons should be good, honest men, compe-
tent men, men in whom the community can
confide ; and although I am not much of a
banker, and know very little about settling up
the affairs of broken banks, I did suppose that
a receiver had something else to d.o besides
doing business inside of the bank. I supposed
that there was usually a large amount, of
money due to the bank from a great variety of
persons, and that it was the business of the
receiver to collect the debts due the bank, to
marshal the assets, make arrangements for the
payment of the debts of the bank, and take
the whole responsibility of settling up the busi-
ness. That I understand to be the duty of a
receiver ; and although I of course feel no
interest in this matter any further than the
public is concerned, I think that this compen-
sation is not an unreasonable one, and that we
shall not ga:n anything by reducing it as sug-
gested by the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. CATTELL. The rate of compensa-
tion fixed for receivers by the amendment
of the committee is precisely the same as that
fixed for collectors of internal revenue, $1,500
per annum salary and the same percentage
upon the amount collected. The Comptroller
of the Currency recommended this rate him-
self, and submitted it to the committee, and it
was a subject of discussion there. After look-
ing at it in all its aspects, the responsibilities
connected with the handling of so much money
and the talent required to settle up the affairs
of an institution and the integrity and honesty
requisite, we thought a receiver ought at least
to command as high a salary as that of one of
our collectors of internal revenue, and it was
with that view that this amount was fixed.
Mr. CAMERON. I endeavored to explain
before, but I believe the Senator from New
Jersey was not in, that the duties of a receiver
are much lighter than those performed by a
collector of internal revenue. The latter col-
lects from individuals various sums, small sums
and large ones, all over his district; some-
times he has to go all over a congressional
district to make the collections. Here it is all
done at one place, the banking office, or some
house in the town where it is located. I know
how difficult it is to succeed here in a propo-
sition to reduce compensation for lawyers,
because the Senate is largely composed of law-
yers, andtliey naturally haveasympathyforeach
other when you talk about reducing the pay of
their brethren. It is supposed that a layman,
as 1 was called some time ago, has a prejudice
against them ; but I am not one of that kind,
for I generally pay my lawyers pretty well,
though I do not often have to employ them.
This is a different affair from ordinary legal
business. It requires integrity; it requires a
knowledge of accounts ; but it does not require
any great legal knowledge. A man may not
be fit to be chief justice even of t.he State of
Pennsylvania or New York, and yet he may
be a very good commissioner to settle up the
affairs of a broken bank. I think the compen-
sation is enough if fixed at the rate I propose,
which would give, for a bank of $500,000 assets
$5,250; and I think that is a good sum. It
will take him, probably, between two or three
months. «
ThePRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-:
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania to the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. CAMERON called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. DRAKE. I did not intend to say a
word about this matter, but if the honorable
Senator from Pennsylvania insists upon having
the yeas and nays on liis amendment. I will
say a word or two.
The question presented by the honorable
Senator from Pennsylvania is whether, when
the stockholders of a bank show that they can-
not conduct their bank in such a way as to
keep it out of liquidation, cannot manage it in
such a way as to keep it from breaking, we
should put the man that does wind up their
affairs upon what the honorable Senator from
Oregon has correctly called starvation com-
pensation, in order to save some little for the
stockholders. I do not see the thing in any
such light. I think if a bank cannot manage
its affairs so as to keep out of the hands of a
receiver, the receiver ought to be paid a decent
compensation for winding up its affairs.
The honorable Senator from Pennsylvania
draws a distinction between this case and that
of a collector of internal revenue, but he does
not state the whole difference. A collector of
internal revenue, though he has to collect from
a large number of people in different localities,
doe3 it through his deputies, while he sits and
does nothing, or very little. This receiver
has to have everything pass through his own
hands, and be individually responsible for
everything, from the beginning to the end. I
think that the measure of compensation in the
bill is perfectly just, and it ought not to be
reduced.
Mr. CAMERON. I generally listen with
great instruction to my friend, the Senator
from Missouri; but this morning, as I think,
he is entirely out of the way. He says that
because the stockholders of a bank have not
been able to manage their affairs, therefore,
when some one who is fit gets hold of it, he
ought to be paid. The Senator ought to know
that stockholders very seldom have much to
do with managing the affairs of a bank. If he
has ever been a stockholder, as I dare say ho
has been, he must remember that somebody
managed the affairs of the bank, and not him-
self. It is the shifting of responsibility in
banks and other establishments that causes
banks and individuals to break.
But the Senator spoke of the collector, and
said the collector does his business through
deputies. He does to some extent; but much
more of his time is employed in his business
than a receiver of a bank occupies, because his
whole time is given to the duties of his office,
and while he has deputies he has himself to
travel throughout the district often to make a
portion of the collections. It is not so with
the receiver who may be employed to do this
business. I think the Senator was entirely out
of the way this morning. I wish he had gone
with me to Pennsylvania last week, and I
think he would have different ideas about
banking.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, the honor-
able Senator from Pennsylvania is perfectly
aware of that maxim of law which says qui
faeit per aliuni facit per se.
Mr. CAMERON. I am no lawyer.
Mr. DRAKE. What a man does through
another he does by himself. And if the stock-
holders elect directors who are not capable of
managing the affairs of a bank &o as to keep
it out of liquidation it is their act; and when
they by their own act in electing such men
