2056
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
exclaiming, with Madame-Roland, " 0 Liberty!
what wrongs are perpetrated in thy name."
But, sir, I must hasten to close with a sum-
mary of the thoughts suggested:
1. Suffrage is a conventional and not a nat-
ural right.
2. It is bestowed by the parties to the social
compact according to their views of their best
interests.
3. In our political system it is a reserved
and an exclusive right of the States with which
the Federal Government has no right to inter-
fere.
4. The reconstruction acts violate this funda-
mental law.
5. Negro suffrage, if ever established, must
be done by the States ; but the highest good of
both races forbids it, and dictates rather that
the African should be colonized on his native
shores.
Mr. Speaker,without exhausting the subject
my time is exhausted. I beg leave only to add
that thirty years ago I had occasion to discuss
negro suffrage in the Pennsylvania constitu-
tional convention, and having now before me
a speech I then made, I propose to conclude
my present remarks with the following extracts
from that speech. I have only to say that the
experience and observation of nearly a third
of a century have tended to.confirm the con-
clusions then expressed >
"Who ougli t to bevoters in Pennsylvania? Or, in
other words, who ought to havo the political control
ot our Government. This is a question of the linn
impression and of jfreat magnitude. AVhen you have
established your Government and distributed its
powers among the several departments of Govern-
ment, legislative, executive, and judicial, it remains
to dccide who shall control and direct that Govern-
ment. The machine may be well supplied with all
tho necessary wheels and springs; but in preparing
and fitting them no question can arise of so great
moment as who shall have the regulation of its mo-
tion and direction when it is finished and ready for
use. This question has now to be answered with
reference to two distinct and separate classes of men,
the whites and the Blacks; and from all thereilcction
I have been able to give the subject I am prepared
to say tho political powers of this Government oupdit
to be exercised exclusively by the whites. In oom-
ing to this conclusion, sir, I have endeavored as far
as possible to divest my mind of all tho popular
prejudices against tho African race whom we havo
among us. They deserve my sympathies, and thoy
have them; but I feel unwilling to surrender this
.Government, in wholo or in part, into their keeping;
and I am therefore prepared to vote for this amend-
ment, and to say in our constitution that the'votors
of Pennsylvania shall be white freemen.
"The reasons for this vote must bo stated; but I
cannot explain them clearly without noticing a tew
prominent and undoubted facts which attended tho
introduction of negroes into Pennsylvania and tho
other American Colonies, and which now mark their
condition hero. Tho first fact, then, to which L in-
vite the attention of tho Convention is that tho
negroes of Africa wcrebrouglit into these Colonies by
tho English. Whatever tho sin was of seizing tho
dofenseless African, of tearing him from his homo and
country, and carrying him into hopeless bondagoin
a distant land, lies at tho door of .England. And
whatever of ovil has resulted or is to result to the
colored poople or tho whites of this country from tho
institution of domestic slavery and the presence
among us of largo masses of degradedand wretched
blacks is also faiily chargeable to tho inhuman pol-
icy of Great Britain. From tho middle of the six-
teenth century up- to 1807 England carried on an
extensive slave trade from tho coast of Africa; and
whilo the American Colonics belonged to her .-ho
mafic it aState object to introduce so many of them
here as would render the Colonics more productive
and beneficial to licr. Avarice and an ambition for
commercial supremacy were tho motives which im-
pelled England to the vigorous prosecution of the
slave trade. And she made it as far as she could her
on u trade. She incorporated African companies and
gave to those and her merchants a monopoly of tho
business. If tho Colonies desired a participation m
this nefarious traffic thoy wore excluded by the mo-
nopolizing inhumanity of tho mother countiy, and
did not, to any considerable extent, engage in it.
" Tho next fact to which I refer is that from a very
early day in the history of tho Colonics they re-
sisted in every way tlicy could, bv petitions and
remonstrances and laws, the continuance of thcslavo
trado and the increasing of the black population by
importation. I find that in 1688 tho '.friends, who
have always been foremost in every work of human-
ity and benevolence, began in Pennsylvania to con-
sider and agitato tho subject. The Gorman Friends
settled at Gormantown presented a protest at then-
yearly meeting—thisyear held at Burlington-drawn
by Daniel F. i'astorius, against the buying, selling,
and holding men in slavery, as inconsistent with the
Chiistian religion.' That meeting ( id not feel prc-
naral to act, and declared it not proper then to give
a positive Vmlgmcnt in the case. In 1«H> the yearly
meeting diseouiaged the further importation of
sl-ues and adopted measures for their moial im-
provement. Ill the same year George Keith and hio
friends denounced the institution of slavery * as con-
trary to tho religion of Christ, the rights of man, and
sound reason and policy.' About tho same period
several of tho other Colonies began to move in tho
same direction. Massachusetts, in 1645, made a law
prohibiting the buying and selling of slaves, oxcept
those taken in lawful war or reduced to servitude for
their crimes by a judicial sentence; and in 1703 Mas-
sachusetts imposed a heavy duty on every negro
imported, for tho payment of which bofti the master
and vessel were answerable/' * * * *
"In 1728 Pennsylvania passed a law imposing a
duty on the importation of negroes and allowing
a drawback on their reexportation. Virginia, too,
was early and earnest in her opposition to tho intro-
duction of negroes. By petitions to the crown and
Colonial Legislature she discouraged to the utmost
this inhuman traffic, which had long been a settled
and a favorite policy of England; and tho first LcgiS"
iaturo which met under the first constitution of Vir-
ginia abolished the traffic.
"These measures were constantly opposed by tho
mother countiy. To tho petitions ot tho Colonists
sho turnodadeafear; to their legislation sho opposed
her negative, and overruled and defeated every effort
which was made in tho Colonies for preventing the
introduction of tho negro population. And this
policy, so disgraceful to England and so injurious to
tho Colonies,so porsevcringly adhered to by her, and
so abundant in bitter fruits to us, was one of tho
causes which finally impelled tho Colonies to throw
off their allcgianeo to Great Britain." * * *
"So soon as tho Colonios beeamo free States they
abolished tho slave tiadc—Virginia in 1778, Penn&yl-
vo nia in 1780, Massachusetts, Connecticut, and Ithodo
Island in 1787 or 1788. The Revolution was not yet
fought, their independence was not yet established,
when tho Old Dominion and tho futuro Ivoystono of
the Federal arch extinguished forever within their
borders tho nefarious traffic in human flesh. Now,
sir, let it bo remembered that England, who forced
slavery upon us, and whoso authors, orators, and
travelers denounce ua on account of it, did not her-
self abolish the slave trade until 1807." * * *
* "Federal America interdicted tho slavo trado
from her ports thirtoon years before Great Britain.
She madeitpunishablo as a crime seven years before,
and she fixed four yoars sooner tho period of non-
importation." * * ^ * * * *
"During tho time the British nation was engaged
in the slave trado, from tho early part of tho six-
teenth century to tho year 1807, a period of nearly
two hundred and fifty years, it is estimated that sho
must havo torn from their homes in Africa six or
seven million human bciiifis, and carried them away
into hopeless slavery. _ if tho English, instead of
superadding to their guilt by attempts todissolvoour
Union and to sacnlico our liberties, were to en-
lighten, civilize, and Christianizethoremaining mil-
lions on the continent of Africa, they would scarcely
atone for the deep and unutterable injuries inflicted
on that race by their prosecution of the slavo trade.
"The history of slavery in the American colonies
establishes the fact beyond all controversy that
negroes were brought here and planted by tho power
of England against tho will as well of tho negroes*
themselves as of tho colonists- They were forced
upon us. They came notas the primitive colonists
came, searching for liberty; but, torn from their
native soil by English rapacity, they woro brought
hero slaves. Tho colonists sought these peaceful
shores as a refuge from tyranny, and as a homo where
they mi slit worship God according to the, dictates of
their consciences, and enjoy all the blessings of civil
and religious freedom. And when in further pursuit
of these objects they proceeded to establish govern-
ments, thero was in their voluntary presence here an
implied consent to the forms of government which
were adopted. They werelrccmen, capable to con-
sent to a paiticular form of government, and they
did consent. It is tho great exccllcnco and beauty
of our b.vstem that it is founded on tho conscntof the
governed, so that allegianco and fidelity result as
necessary consequeuees, and need not to bo enforced
by oaths and positive enactments.
" But, sir, the negroes never assented, and their
prcsencc here, since it was procured by fraud and
force, could not be construed into an adoption of the
country or an acquiescence in its terms of govern-
ment. They were brought here to bo slaves and not
freemen ; and they were slaves and not freemen when
tho principles of government were agreed on, and
when its foundations were laid. They had neither
lot nor part in tho matter. I inquire not whether
they ought to have had. Sufficient for my present
purpose is tho fact that they had not. No, sir; this
Government, the control of which it is now proposed
to divide with tho colored race, was founded and
reared by white freemen; it was a white Government
and nota parti-colored. In its institution they had
no voice; in its early struggles no share. It was
founded by white men and freemen, and they be-
queathed it to us. Shall we preserve it as we inher-
ited it, or share it with a race with whom we cannot
have any social equality? It seems to be supposed
that since the first establishmcntof free government
in this country the condition of the negro, at leastin
Pennsylvania, has been so changed as to qualify him
for the proposed participation. A great change has,
indeed, been wrought in his condition by our humane
legislation, but nothing which elevates him to politi-
cal brotherhood with us.
"The act of 1780, which abolished slavery in Penn-
sylvania, has already been referred to. That act
was a proud monument to the humane policy of the
State, and presents a contrast with the course of
England on the subject of slavery which no Penn-
syivaman need blush to look on. It wiped out the
stain of slavery which England hod loft on our soil,
and conferred on the negro what he had not before
enjoyed, civil freedom. It secured to him those
civil rights to which he, in common with all other
human beings, of whatever clime or complexions,
had an inalienable title, and of which he never
ought to have been deprived. But did it do more?
Did it confer political equality? Did it say to tho
negro,4 You have indeed been thrust upon our soil
by your oppressor and ours against your consent and
in defiance of our opposition; but we bestow on yon
now a full measure of our political privileges, which
we have purchased at so great a cost of blood and
treasure?* No; such was not th© construction of
that law. It pledged thesecurityof the Government
for his life, liberty, his reputation, and property; but
it went no further. It has never been understood to
confer any political privileges; it opened no door for
him into the political family. Tho Legislature of
Pennsylvania and the public at large have reverse
understood it.
" Tho naturalization laws illustrate and fortify this
position. A free white alien comes to Pennsylvania
and establishes a residence. No law compels him to
become naturalized.
" We rcccivc him into the community on a footing
of exact equality with ourselves, so far as relates to
his natural and civil rights. We extend to him not
only tho charitics of life, butthe same protecting laws
whichsccure ourintere&ts; and he may livehis whole
lifetime in this condition,and be allthewhile as des-
titute of our political privileges as if he had never
set foot on our soil. Into that condition, sir, and no
moro, did the act of 1780 bring the negro. Before the
alien can add our political privileges to his other
rights he must becomo naturalizedr but no-provision
has boon made for admitting colored men, whether
native or alien born, to political equality. And !
infor, from tho absence of all such provisions, that ifc
was never dreamed of in the early days of our Gov-
ernment, that these people wero to be made voters*
Somo act liko that of naturalization would bo neces-
sary to testify the allegiance of even nativo negroes?
for when we look into the history of tho race we can
find nothing in tho fact of their prcscnce among us
which is a pledge for their fidelity to the Govern-
ment.
"But no moans havo been provided for their testi-
fying their allegiance, cverr though they come hero
voluntarily from abroad and take up a residence like
other foreigners; and is not this indicative of the uni-
versal undemanding of our people that they do not
and ought not to possess our political, privileges?
The act of 1780 was not a naturalization law. It
could not be; for it was the act of a single State and
would have interfered with the uniformity which was
to prevail under the legislation of Congress in ref-
erence to naturalization, and would have been un-
constitutional. It attempted no impossibilities ; and
it accomplished whatever it attempted, the relief of
the Pennsylvania negro from slavery and all its dis-
abilities, and here it stopped. The negroes have
themselves understood it in the same manner as the
whites. In common with the whites, they bave ap-
pealed to the laws for tho redress of their injuries and
tho protection of their rights; but they never have as
a body cxereised or claimed the right of exercising
the political privilege of voting. I do not say that
now and then on occasions of great popular excite-
ment a single vote, or perhaps a few votes, may not
have been offered at the polls by negroes, and occa-
sionally perhaps these votes have been received; bui
my genoral position is not affected by these instances,
that tho negroes as a body havo never claimed the
rights and privileges which have lately been dis-
covered to have belonged to them since 1780.
"No, sir; they have lived in the peaceful enjoy-
ment of their civil rights, exempted from the pay-
mentoffiuch taxes as are assessed on the person, and
from the performance of those duties which attend
tho right of suffrage; and they might have so con-
tinued to enjoy the blessings of freedom without
prejudice, cxcitemcnt, or reproach, if a new party
had not started into existence who arrogate to them-
selves a peculiar sympathy for this injured race,and.
who testify their affection by sowing discord and
jealousies where peace and confidence prevailed be-
fore. Would they not havo been content so to live?
Do they now ask for any change in their past con-
dition? But an excitement has been produced in
the country which threatens to overthrow all tho
Governments hitherto the protection of tho blacks as
well as the whites; an excitement which is rending
society to its foundation, and which Threatens to raeH
in its lurid flames the bonds of our national Union ;
and, under tho influence of this pernicious excite-
ment, men demand for the blacks what the blacks
never demanded themselves—a share, a partnership
with us in tho administration of this Government
of ours.
"If this point could be gained, if the negro raco
could be elevated to political equality with the whito
voters of Pennsylvania, this excitement would ac-
quire a new impulse, and the war of tne Abolitionists
against oar southern brethern would be waged with
redoubled ferocity. I cannot assent to it. Let us
rescue our institutions from meditated debasement
by declaring what has always been understood, that
voters must be white men. Let us rebuke the ex-
citement which has been kindled by the bad passions
of tho Noith by a vote which will show tiiat we mean
not to disturb the foundation of our political fabric-,
but that we do mean to preserve them where our
revolutionary ancestors planted them." * * * *
"For the manifold evils which connect themselves
with the black population of this country, slavery,
abolitionism, questions of suffrage and all, there is a
remedy—a peaceful and a constitutional remedy.
My friend from Alleghany [Mr. Forward] has dis-
cussed it. It is eoloniaation. The negroes belong
to Africa; they were cruelly torn from that country,
and it now they could bo returned to their father-
land with the arts of civilisation and the lights of
education and religion, their bondage might prove a
blessing to the benighted millions who inhabit that
continent.
