4104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
removed to their old homes without delay, for the
reasons stated by the agent; and for similar reasons,
as well as to break up the disaffected- clan, the fol-
lowers of Spo-ko-ke-gee-ya-hola should aiso be re-
moved, if possible, at the earli st day practicable.
It will be necessary, if the removal is made, to sup-
plythem with subsistence until they can harvest
their crops; and with this inducement I am of the
opinion that the agent will be able to prevail upon
the disaffected ones to return to their old homes and
live in amity with the mam portion of their tribe.
Should you concur in the views herein expressed,
I respectfully recommend that the matter be laid
before Congress for its action; and in order that this
may be done, I have caused to be prepared, and
inclose herewith, an estimate of appropriation neces-
sary to accomplish the object desired.
Yery respectfully, your obedient servant,
N. G. TAYLOR,
Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
Hon. 0. H. Browning, Secretaw o) the Interior.
Washington, D. C., February 3,1808.
Sib; I have the honor to inclose herewith copy of
a letter from 5, W. Dunn, United States Indian agent
for the Creeks, and beg leave to call your attention
particularly to that portion relating to the disaffected
and refugee Creeks now living in the Cherokee na-
tion and on Red river. Humanity demands for these
unfortunate and misguided people that steps be
taken at once to res%ore them to their old homes,
and I would respectfully and urgently request, that iin
appropriation of $10,000 be asked for and placcd in
my hands, the whole, or so much thereof as may be
strictly necessary, with judicious management, for
the purpose, to be expended m furnishing these ref-
ugees with transportation to their old homes in the
Creek country, and in providing them with subs st-
ence until such time as they may be able to raise
com and vegetables for their own support.
Yery respectfully, your obedient seivant,
JAMES WOllTHAM,
Superintendent Indian Affairs, Southern
Super intewlency.
Hon. N. G. Taylor, Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
Creek Agency, Indian Territory,
January, 1, 18(38.
Sir : In making report of the condition of affairs
within this agency for the month of December just
past, I have to submit the following:
The new constitution and laws adopted by the
Creeks in October last are now in full and sucess-
ful operation. The election of one principal and
one second'chief provided for, resulted in the elec-
tion of Samuel Shecote and Micco Hulke to these
Several positions by a majority as reported of over
thirteen hundred 1 They are now duly installed
and recognized as executives.
A meeting of the council is called for this day to
determine for what purposes the amount turned
over by yourself in the past month shall be used. It
is understood that this will be made a fund lor the
payment of all public debts incurred since the
treaty of peace of Fort Smith in 1865.
This sum, amounting to $53,786 U5, will be ade-
quate to settle all claims, but the intention is to pay
all now that can be paid, and reserve those unset-
tled for the future.
The weather duringthe past month has been mild
and pleasant until toward its close, when the north-
ers prevailed. and the snow fell in large quantities
throughout the country. Theriversare exceedingly
low, and all transportation of goods, usually by
water, has been made across the country from the
railroads in Missouri or iu Kansas.
The disaffected Creeks now located in the Cherokee
country remain unswerving. Owing to tbc with-
drawal ol authority, and to the waut of funds, I am
unable now to aot favorably to their removal. They
should be removed this winter without tail, in oider
that they may be settled in their old homes before
spring, to enable them to plant crops for their own
support during the coming year. A tyrannical sys-
tem, which should bo suppressed, seems to prevail
there that prevents any one leaving the clan without
being exposed to assassination.
By all means funds should be placed at my disposal
to enable me to act promptly and effectively. A
number of southern Creek refugees are reported still
on Red river, destitute and unable to return to their
homes. As soon as I am iully informed of their num-
bers, <fcc., I will make report thereof tor your inform-
ation. And in the event of an appiopnation being
asked from Congress lor return of northern drsaf-
fe6ted Creeks, J would suggest that the-expenses of
these southern refugees be also authorized. 1 con-
ceive that the sum of $8,000, with proper economy,
will be sufficient to effect the removal of all.
I am, sir, very respectfully,
J. W. DUNN,
United States Indian Agent for Creeks.
James Wortham, esq.,
Superintendent Indian Affairs, Washinoton City.
Office Superintendent Indian Affairs,
tfort Smith, Arkansas, April 9,1867.
Sir: I have the honor to transmit to your office a
communication from Major J. W. Dunn, United
States Indian agent for the Creek Indians, bearing
date the 1st April. 1867, received at this office, rela-
tive to a small band of the Creeks, who refuse to
acknowledge the late treaty made between the Uni-
ted States and the Creek nation.
This small band has given considerable trouble to
the agent. I have sent from this office a number of
written communications to the chief of this small
band, pointing out to him the folly of opposing the
late treaty, and that it was the supreme law of the
land and would be enforced by the United States,
and requesting that he and his band would return
to their country and become recipients of the pio-
visions of the treaty and the bounty ot the United
States.
^ So f)iras I can learn my communications had but
little influence upon the chief, and he and such ot
his band as he can control still refuse to return to
their homes, and refuse to acknowledge the binding
force of the treaty.
I instructed the agent to use whatever of influ-
ence he could to have those people return to their
homes and live in peace with their brethren, and I
aui satisfied the agent has l'ullv discharged his duty
in this respect.
I respectfully submit the communication for such
consideration as you may deem it requires.
Yery respectfully, your obedient servant,
W. DYERS,
Superintendent Indian Affairs.
Hon. N. G. Taylor,
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, Washington, Z>. C.
Creek Agency, Cherokee Nation,
Apr ill. 1807.
Sin: In compliance with your approval and sug-
gestion, I undertook during the last quarter to effect
the removal ot the destitute and disaffected Clocks
located within the Cherokee country, lor reasons that
seemed imperative, admitting of no delay. That this
subject may be brought clearly to your mmd and
properly understood thiough you to the Department,
a brief review ot theconduion of affairs leading to
my actiou in this matter may be necessary.
The Creeks iu question arc principally Tucka-
batches, who were led from the Indian country to a
refuge in Kansas by the lamented orator, Opothle-
yahola. On the death of the orator, the direction of
affairs was left to Spo-ko-ke-gee-ya-hola, who has
ever since been led by an idea that the mantle of
Opothle-yahola had fallen on his shoulders, and that
to him properly the direction of the affairs of the
Creek nation belonged. With the exception of his
adherents, composed at that time of probably five
hundred persons, there wero none others of the
Creeks who could discern his right or ahihty to lead
the nation in its councils.
An election gave expression to this opinion. But
Spo-ko-kc-gee, it'he could notbechief of the Creeks,
would be chief ot his own people, and he accordingly
separated himself with his adherents from the major-
ity of the Creeks; and since that lime referred to the
Spo-ko-ke-gees have endeavored to retain an inde-
pendence which has amounted to sulkiness, leading
them to abstain from ail share in the national coun-
cils, and to refrain from all that savored ol Creek
rule or authority. So far did they carry this sulky
disposition that when the Creeks, together with these
people, (whom tor want of a more suitable name we
may style Spo-ko-ke-gee&.) were removed from Kan-
sas to the Indian country the Spo-ko-ke-gees would
not condtscend to camp upon the same side of the
stream with the others. Indeed, it was this teeling
that led them to stop short of the Creek country and
take up their abode within the Cherokee nation,
wheie, they probably aiguod, they would at least be
free from Creek authority, although entitled to no
rights with the Cherokees either in lands or money.
On my return from Washington last summer I
noted this condition of affairs, and at once made
efforts to bring about a reconciliation; but my way
was clogged by fret-h difficulties. The Creek delega-
tion with whom I had been engaged in Washington
in negotiations with the United States Government,
had made a treaty which was made public on their
arrival in the nation, and ratified at a general coun-
cil, to which the Spo-ko-ke-gees were called in com-
mon with all the other Creeks. Tiue to their dispo-
sition they remained aloof, but took care to leain of
the proceedings ol the council.
All Indians are opposed to the sale of their lands,
for whatever puipo&es; so that Spo-ko-ke-gec heaid
that the Creeks had M)ld one half of their whole
domain to the United Stares, although neither he
nor ins people would set foot on Creek soil, he felt
that he had a newer and stionger hold on them
through this action of the Creeks. And he again
rallied his people, who were almost faltering in their
determination, and re&olved thatneitherhenorthey
should ever share in the benefits of the treaty or
acknowledge it in any way.
The general council of the Creeks repeatedly sent
delegates to the Spo-ko-ke-gees to confer with them,
and endeavor to lead them back to their own coun-
try, and I have aiso made many unsuccessful efforts
to the same end, 1 had considered that L would at
least be able to procure their enrollment, m order
that they might share in the per capita payment of
8200,000 then due the Creeks; but Spo-ko-ke-gee
maintained a stubborn silence; and absolutely re-
fused to permit the taking of the census. Such was
the condition of affairs at the ciose of the last year,
1806.
Early in January, 1867, I was informed by Major
Humphreys, United States agent for Cherokees,
that liis people were greatly dissatisfied with the
Creeks remaining among them, and that they insisted
on their removal, as they refused to come under
Cherokee laws, which they were constantly violat-
ing. A general council of the Cherokees has given
vent to a piotest to this effect, and he, .Major Hum-
phreys, was expectingthem to call upon the military
to efleet the removal of these people.
In view of these facts, it seemed to me eminently
proper to endeavor to persuade them to remove to
their former homes. I was confident that Spo-ko-
kc-gee was the directing spirit of the disaffection,
that his contiol was keeping the people from their
country; that there were many among them who,
from their destitution, would gladly avail themselves
of the per capita money could they be enrolled; and
that no enrollment would be pos-ible while Spo-ko-
ke-gee retained his swav over them; that the only
way to sever this control was to bring the people
among the loss prejudiced of their own nation, and I
considered that the time wasopportune for this con-
summation; their destitution argued well for are-
lease therefrom that might be secured by a share in
tho national money about to bedi vided; the approach
of spring suggested the planting oi crops and prep-
aration therefor; the dissatisfaction of the Cherokees
indicated that their remaining longer was doubtful,
and at least due to the generosity ot the people among
whom they were thrown; and nearest argument, the
coming down of the military might suggest their
being driven across the river without transportation
and at the cost of all their corn, on which they alone
relied for subsistence. And above all I considered
that these circumstances made it my duty as thei'*
agent to use all endeavors to break up the disaffection,
and to secure protection to their property, io do
this, I considered their removal absolutely necessary.
It was impolitic at that time for me to wait author-
ity from Washington, or even from the superintend-
ency. The affair demanded immediate action, on
account of the approach of the planting season, the
threatened action of the military,and the possibility
of an early payment, which once made, would no
longerserve as an inducement. I accordingly invited
the Spo-ko-ke-gees to meet me in council the 8th
day of January, 1867. On that day I met them accord-
ing to appointment, and made known the true con-
dition of affairs*; and as itwas impossible for them to
arrange for their own removal, I offered to furnish
transportation for all those who were unable to assist
themselves. Myoffer was very sulkily received. The
pcoplo wore afraid to speak, and referred everything
to the chiefs, from whom I could learn nothing; they
preserved a silence more dignified than satisfactory.
During the following week the chief of a little clan
called Weah-golp kus called on me at the agency,
and made known his desire of removing his elan
from tho Spo-ko-ke-gees to the Creek country. I at
onco made preparations for their removal, together
with all their corn and provisions and cooking uten-
sils, considering these absolutely necessary for their
comfort and subsistence. To meet the expenses of
this removal, amounting to nearly two hundred dol-
lars, I issued certificates payable on the receipt of
money from the Government for this object. These
wero the only removals made up to the time of your
arrival at the agoncy on your way to the Seminole
country, when you, in view of the prospective pay-
ment to the Creeks, thought proper to suggest another
attempt, which seemed necessary and possible of
success. The result of this endeavor was more suc-
cessful, the people being divided in their intentions.
1W, the militaiy not having been called down upon
them, and the fortunes of the Spo-ko-ke-gees trem-
bling from the influence of the payment, Spo-ko-ke-
gee determined to lemove further into the Cherokee
country with his retainers, and thus preserve his
rule. But some could not go, and of these few, some
were induccd to return to their own country. The
expenso of this removal, as well as can now be ascer-
tained, will not exceed $400, if it reach that amount,
and I have given certificates similar to those issued
in the previous lemoval.
I am confident that if the Government will place
sufficient funds in my hands I will be able to break
up this clique and restore the same friendly feeling
among these people as is constant with all other
Creeks, and prevent any disturbance occurring by
reason of a misunderstanding between the Chero-
kees and the Creeks. I do not think that the num-
ber of the disaffected can now exceed two hundred,
and I very respectfully suggest that authority be
granted me to arrange for their removal to their old
homes, and that money may be furnished for tho
sain^ purpose. I would also request that I may be
allowed &b00 to make good the expenses already
incurred, the same to be accounted for by pioper
vouchers.
Very respectfully, your ohedien t servant.
J. W. DUJN'X,
United States Indian Agent.
Colonel W. Byers, Superintendent Indian A fairs,
l'ort smith, Arkansas.
Estimate of appropriation required to defraythe exnencs
of removing certain disaffected and rejugee Creek In-
duins to their old homes in the Creek country.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to detray the expenses ot removing cer-
tain disanceted Greek Indians now living in the
Cherokee country, and also certain refugees ot the
same tribe now on tne Red river, to their old homes
in the Creek country, and to supply them with the
necessaries of life until such time as thev shall be
able to raise crops for their own support, iio.wo.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senate can see
irom those letters the reasons for the amend-
ment.
Mr. HARLAN. I am very clear in my own
mmd that this appropriation ought not to be
I -Ine Indians, of course, have their
political difficulties, just as white people have.
. seems from the reading of those papers that
one ot their leading meu has become dissatis-
■ ned because he was in a minority, and has
sloughed off aud taken off a part of the peo-
ple with him amounting to two or three hun-
dred. Ihese little difficulties are occurring
