1368.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Me. KERRY. That is all there is of it.
Mr, SHERMAN. I have no objection to it.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed, to.
The'-next- amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to insert the following as the fifth
section of th<3 bill: - ,
Sec. 5.' A.hd be it further evaeted, That section'
twenty-two of the swjt aforesaid be so amended that
the maximum limit of-national circulation fixed by
said act is hereby increased the sum of $20,000,000,
which amount shallbe issued only to banking asso-
ciations organized in States and Territories having a
less circulation than five dollarsper each inhabitant,
and sq as to equalize the circulation ia such States
and Territories in proportion to population.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment^ striking out all after the words 11 sum
of," in the fourth line, and inserting:
. Ono hundred million dollars, and in issuing such
circulating notes proterenoe shall begiven to banking
associations in States and sections ot the' country not
adequately supplied with banking facilities. But
whenever the amount of United States notes and
circulating notes of national banks combined shall
be in excessof $700,000,000, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is authorized: and required to retire and cancel
United States notes to the extent of such excess
until the whole amount of United States notes out-
standing shall be reduced to $300,000,000.
And be it further enacted, That for the purpose of
facilitating the resumption of specie payments the
interest received by each banking association upon
bonds owned and deposited with the Treasurer of the
United States by such banking association shall be
held as a reserve fund until the said banking asso-
ciation shall redeem in coin the currency issued by
it; and the said specie reserve fund shall boused
for no other purpose than tor the redemption of said
currency.
Mr. SHERMAN. Perhaps, in anticipation
of the argument of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts on his amendment, 1 had better state
the reasons why the Committee on Finance
reported this particular section, and withheld
for the present any action upon the important
questions raised by the amendment now offered
by him. I appeal to the Senator whether,
under the circumstances, he ought to open the
whole currency question, as his amendment
undoubtedly does/ There is the same division
in the Committee on Finance in regard to the
question of currency, the relations of bank
notes and United States notes that there is in
the Senate and among the people of the coun-
try. After fully considering the matter we
thought it best, in the midst of a heated polit-
ical excitement, to avoid discussion of the
whole question of currency which will be pre-
sented by this amendment, and which is neces-
sarily involved in. it. There are other bills
lying on your table which involve the question.
There is a bill which proposes to deal with the
public debt, another which proposes to estab-
lish a free banking law, and contains the sub-
stantial provisions embraced in this amend-
ment.
Now, is it wise at this period of the session,
in the midst of an election campaign involving
grave political issues, for us to commence the
discussion of this question? If it is, as a mat-
ter of course each Senator will have his own
project; and if the Senate determine that they
will open this whole question the Committee
on Finance will present their views and submit
their amendments. In order to save the time
of the Senate, 1 may as well state now as here-
after the reasons why the committee offered
this section.
There has been great complaint in the west-
ern and southern States in regard to the dis-
tribution of the national bank circulation. The
amount is now limited to $300,000,000, and
the limit has been reached, so that not one
dollar of circulation can be issued to any new
bank. This limit was fixed in the midst of a
war, when eleven States could not get any of
the banking circulation because they were rebel
States involved in the war. It was done, also,
at a time when in the western States, for want I
of means and facilities, and because of the [
high price of money, it was impossible to i
organize banks. This lias created iu ibe west- |
eru and southern States great complaint. It j
has been especially pointed out by the people i
of the West that the States of Massachusetts, 1
Rhode Island, and Connecticut have from fifty
to seventy dollars of banking circulation for
each inhabit\nt, while other States have less
than five dollars per inhabitant, so that there
is gross inequality in the distribution of this
banking circulation. As .a matter of course, we
all feel the necessity of avoiding this popular
clamori.
During the last Congress, when the. Senator
from Maine [Mr. Fessenden] was chairman of
the Committee on Finance, we had the whole
subject under discussion. We had several bills
proposing to deal with the equalizing of the
currency of the national banks, and, after the
most grave consideration, we found it very dif-
ficult to deal with. Perhaps the most proper
way would be to withdraw some circulation
from the States that have an excess and give
it to those who have too little ; but that would
create embarrassment and confusion. It might
cause distress to withdraw the banking circu-
lation from Massachusetts, Connecticut, and
other States, although there are some States
that have less than five dollars per inhabitant.
The Committee on Finance, after the ipostfull
reflection, have come to the conclusion that we
ought to satisfy, to some extent, the demand of
the western and southern States for additional
banking circulation. We therefore propose to
give to those States that have the least, a small
addition to their circulation. I have a table
hero which giv9S the banking circulation in
each State at the present time, and it appears
that Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Con-
necticut have twice or three times the amount
they are fairly entitled to, and the State of
New York has about twice the amount it is
entitled to.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator explain
what he means by these States having more
than they are entitled to ?
Mr. SHERMAN. They have more than
they are entitled to on the basis of the law,
and I will explain in a moment what I mean
by it. In my judgment, the Comptroller of
the Currency made a great mistake in ever
disregarding that provision of the law which
required the national banking circulation to
be distributed, one half according to popula-
tion, and the other half according to resources.
But I do not want to go into that question,
and I make no complaint of anybody. There
are some States that have less than live dollars
of circulation per inhabitant, and less than one
half their share upon any basis whatever
which you can take; and it is but fair that
they should liavo some addition. The States
that will be benefited by the amendment of
the committee, and get a slight addition to
their circulation, are Virginia, West Virginia,
Wisconsin, Iowa, Kansas, Missouri, Kentucky,
Tennessee, Louisiana, Mississippi, Georgia,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Arkansas, Ala-
bama, Oregon, and Texas. These States have
in some eases as low as forty-two, sixty-eight,
and thirteen cents of circulation to each in-
habitant. We propose to distribute among
them $20,000,000 of circulation, which will
give them all some banking facilities, and in
the States where they need them most. It
should, also, be remembered that these western
States have been largely increasing since the
census of 18G0. The apportionment was on
the basis of the population in 18G0, but the
western States have increased much more rap-
idly than the eastern States since then, and
that makes the inequality still more gross.
Mr. HOWE, I wish to ask the Senator
from Ohio if he supposes that in the distribu-
tion of the additional $20,000,000, provided
for in this section, any single western State
will get an additional dollar of banking capital ?
ilr. SHERMAN. I have no doubt of it.
Mr. HOWE. It would take the whole of
the $20,000,000 to bring the southern States
up to an equality with the lowest of the west-
ern States, as low as they are.
Mr. SHERMAN. But the Senator will
observe that in some of the southern States
they may not be prepared to furnish the neces-
sary capital. Twenty millions of circulation, in
the opinion- of the Comptroller of thg Cur-
rency—and after examination we thought so—
will give to each of the Stat.es I have named
some additional,relief, not very much. The
amount of $20,000,00.0, to be distributed is not
very large ; but there are.objections to increas-
ing the amount .beyond $20,000,000, because
if you go beyond that you raise the very ques-
tion which the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts now raises. If you propose to
increase the amount more than twenty millions,
many persons who are opposed to an inflation
of the currency would think that in accom-
plishing a good thing we were doing an evil
thing by raising the question of too great an
issue of paper money. We all felt that no
considerable increase of the banking circula-
tion ought to be made until bank notes were
equivalent to par in gold. All the commit-
tee propose to do is simply to answer a pop-
ular and equitable demand of some of the
States for some additional banking circulation.
My own opinion is that if it were confined to
the southern States alone, probably not more
than $10,000,000 would be absorbed until we
can consider this whole matter. As Senators
see, this is a temporary measure to answer a
popular demand which is now a cause of great
complaint. If we give this small relief, and
the greatanddifScultquestions of currency and
finance go over uptil the next session, we may
then be able to deal with them.
The Committee on Finance, under the cir-
cumstances, thought it better to give to these
States that ha*ve so small an amount of circu-
lation, some relief, little as it is, and leave the
great questions of free banking, of a general
increase of the banking system, of bank notes
taking the place of United States notes, of the
relative proportions of United States notes and
bank notes, to be decided when we are all
calm, after the results of the popular election.
If these reasons are not sufficient, and the
Senator's amendment prevails, as a matter of
course it will open the whole subject, and I
shall be prepared to propose various modifi-
cations.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, it is true that
the proposition I have made opens the question
of the currency, butl found it open when I made
the proposition. The committee opened it $20,-
000,000, and I propose to open it §100,000,000.
That is the difference between us, with the ex-
ception that I do not propose to inflate the cur-
rency, whereas the committee propose to do so
to the extent of $20,000,000.
The Senator says the committee have re-
ported in favor of this addition of $20,000,000
to the national banlc circulation, because there
is complaint of inequality. Sir, there is com-
plaint of inequality, and there will be after
we give the $20,000,000, though perhaps not
so much complaint then as there is at the
present time. This addition of §20,000,000
will do very little to equalize the circulation.
The New England States. New York, and Penn-
sylvania, with a population of less than one
third of the country, have more than two
thirds of the national bank circulation. There
is complaint about this inequality, and there
will continue to be complaints about it until
some plan of equalization is adopted. If our
banks redeemed their notes in specie I should
be in favor of a free banking system. It is the
only sound policy. As we have not reached
specie payments, we propose to regulate the
amount of bank circulation.
The committee propose to increase the
national bank circulation by the addition of
$20,000,000, and of course to inflate the cur-
rency to that amount. My amendment pro-
poses an addition of $100,000,000 to that cir-
culation, to go to the States which are not
adequately supplied with banking capital, and
to withdraw $100,000,000 of greenbacks.
Mr. CATTELL. No.
Mr. WILSON. Yes; I propose to have
only a total circulation of $700,000,000.
^ Mr. CATTELL. We have now a combined
circulation. United States notes and national
bank notes, of only $C45j000j000.
