1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1033
should like to know, in order to be guided in
the dispatch of the public business, the prob-
able length of the debate on reconstruction,
and I should like, if possible, to get the sense
of the Senate as to taking up another bill. I
desire on Tuesday or Wednesday to call up
the billreported by me yesterday; and in order
to give full notice to Senators I will move
now that on, say Wednesday next, the funding
bill be made the special order.
The PRESIEDNT pro tempore. TheSen-
ator from Iowa has a prior motion, which is
to take up the special order of to-day for the
purpose of postponing it to a future day.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator will
allow me to move to take up the funding bill
with a view of postponing it until Wednesday,
so that I may test the sense of the Senate on
that question.
Mr. HARLAN. I have made tliis motion
with a view of enabling the Senator who has
charge of the pending bill to terminate it; and
I think it is hfest that the regular order should
go over, in order that we may complete the
subject which has been under discussion
to-day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator from
Iowa allow me tn make a suggestion?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The bill on which the
Senator from Iowa is entitled to the floor is
now the regular order of business; it is enti-
tled to precedence. If the bill which has been
under consideration this morning is suffered
to go on and be finished that bill will then
have precedence, and he can hold it as the spe-
cial order by not proceeding to other business;
but if it be now postponed until one o'clock
oil Monday it will lose its place if other busi-
ness intervenes. I think he had better allow
this bill to be proceeded with if he thinks it
best to finish it, and then, if we adjourn over
■to Monday, that business which is the special
order for to-day remains so.
Mr. JOHNSON. There is no arrangement
depending upon me that I will not make at once
to accommodate the honorable member from
Iowa or the honorable member from Ohio. I
have heretofore attempted to get before the
Senate for disposal the case of my colleague.
I had hoped to do so last Monday; but at the
instance of several gentlemen who desired^ to
participate in the debate on the reconstruction
bill I then informed the Senate that I should
not call the question before them again until
that debate was closed. I rise now for the
purpose of saying that when that debate is
closed, or when the members who desire to
address the Senate on that subject and have
not yet addressed the Senate shall agree to
permit me to call up the case of my colleague,
I should do so; and when that debate is closed
I will ask the Senate to act upon the case of my
colleague. It has been pending a great while.
The State is partly unrepresented. I hope he
will be permitted to take his seat; but if he is
to be denied his seat in the Senate it is my
duty, and the right of the State that I should
perform that duty, to have the decision made
known to the Legislature now in session, that
they may appoint some other Senator against
whom perhaps the Senate would not have the
objections which in the minds of some seem to
prevail as against my colleague. I shall there-
fore, when the reconstruction debate closes, or
when the members who propose to address the
Senate on that question will permit, call up the
case of my colleague, although it may postpone
the consideration of the bill referred to by the
honorable member from Ohio.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Iowa moves to postpone the pending
bill and all other orders for the purpose ot
takinc up the unfinished business of yesterday,
being" House bill No. 459, commonly called
the supplementary reconstruction bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I now move to postpone
the further consideration oi the bill till Mon-
day next at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I move now that the Sen-
ate resume the consideration of the bill which
has been under consideration this morning.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before that is done I
should like to have a day set for the funding
bill, if possible.
Mr. CONNESS. I think it must be apparent
to the honorable Senator from Ohio that he
cannot, just at this time, fix a day for the con-
sideration of that measure, in view of the pend-
ing debate. The debate, it is true, lias been
prolonged ; but, considering the importance of
the question and the number of Senators yet
to be heard upon it who have not spoken, I
think it will be impossible to fix the consid-
eration of the funding bill for as early a day
as the Senator proposes. He must know that
the funding bill is a measure of great import-
ance, which will lead to lengthy discussion.
He cannot expect it to be concluded in a few
days, perhaps not in a few weeks, and he had
better, I think, pass it over at present until we
can see the end, or nearly the end, of the de-
bate which is now pending.
Mr. SHERMAN. I gave -way with pleasure
to the Senator from California; but I must
say that I have already done what he has ad-
vised me to do, and therefore the advice falls,
because it has already been profited by. I
have already gone around and ascertained that
the debate on the reconstruction bill will prob-
ably not occupy over two days more, so far as
I can ascertain and learn from various Sen-
ators. The Senate lias made up its mind, ap-
parently, that a day or two days probably will
afford all the time necessary to conclude that
debate—that is what I gather from various
Senators ; or, at any rate, if the debate is to be
very much prolonged, being in the nature of
a political debate, there is no great pressing
necessity to close it now, but it may as well
be continued after the bill shall have been re-
ported back as to go on now upon the question
of reference, and I see no great objection to
postponing it until after other bills of a more
urgent character arc acted upon. I do not
care what day is fixed, but I prefer that some
day should be set at which the Senate will feel
disposed to take up the funding bill, so that
we may prepare ourselves for that day ; .and I
would suggest next Thursday, so as to allow
one more day than I did before.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Ohio moves that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of Senate bill No. 207,
with a view of fixing a future day for its con-
sideration.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I really hope that will
not be done. Wo are already troubled with
two questions that are unfinished, upon which
there has been a great deal of debate, and I
think both of them ought to be disposed of
before we take up a bill of that importance. I
hope the bill may be reached in reasonable
season, although I do not perceive any very
pressing necessity for it at the present time.
I do not think there is, though I suppose on
that point there is a difference of opinion be-
tween the Senator from Ohio and myself. But
I have noticed that this appointment of days
for particular bills frequently results in a loss
or waste of time. I think the Senator from
Ohio will let his bill rest on the table for a few
days until we can finish the two questions to
which I have referred, as we shall probably do
in the course of the next week; the coast will
be clear then for his bill. I am not willing,
from the experience I have had here, to agree
to assignments of bills for special days, having
seen the infinite confusion and waste of time
that is often thereby created.
I hope, with the Senator from Ohio, that the
reconstruction debate can be finished in the
course of a few days, and I think the question
alluded to bv the honorable Senator from
Maryland ought also to be taken up and fin-
ished ; it has been postponed now for some
time. I suggest to the Senator from Ohio
whether he had not better let this bill lie a few
davs to sec the course these debates take before
he presses the bill. It is certainly one with
regard to which a week or two; more or less,
will not be of very great consequence at the
present time. It ought certainly to be taken
up before the close of the session, but I see no
immediate necessity for action, though of
course the Committee on Finance are much
better judges on such a point than other Sen-
ators.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish, as a mat-
ter of course, to interfere with the order of busi-
ness or with the disposition of the Senate as to
the discussion of any bill before the body, but
the pending debate on the reconstruction bill
is rather under peculiar circumstances. That
bill is not in charge of any committee, because
it has not yet been referred, and therefore there
is no one interested in calling for a vote on the
pending question upon it. I have no doubt the
reconstruction debate will go on for six months,
interrupted only occasionally by some Senator
getting before the Senate some bill in which he
takes a direct interest, either officially or other-
wise. The motion I made was at the sugges-
tion of Senators, that some indication might be
given by the Senate as to how long it would
allow this general political debate, for that is
the nature of it, to interfere with the ordinary
course of business.
Now, in regard to the necessity of acting on
the funding bill, I will state to the Senator
from Maine that I do not intend to press that
bill more rapidly than the sense of the Senate
shall indicate, because I consider it to be a bill
of great importance, and I desire to have it
deliberately considered, and I do not wish to
press it unduly; but at the same time it is im-
portant that the Senate should act upon it
before the general appropriation bills and the
tax bills come to us from the other House, when
the pressure of the other important business of
the session will be so great upon us as to pre-
vent the deliberate consideration of the fund-
ing bill.
But, sir, I am perfectly willing to follow the
suggestion of the Senator from Maine, and
therefore I withdraw my motion, and nowgive
notice that on Thursday next at one o'clock
I will move to take up the funding bill; and I
hope that the Senators who desire to partici-
pate in the discussion on the reconstruction
bill will so arrange among themselves as to
close that debate by Tuesday night, and then
on Wednesday we can dispose of the election
case from Maryland, and thus business will he
left in such a position that on Thursday l may
have the floor for the purpose of discussing the
funding bill.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that when the
Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Monday.
The motion was agreed to.
SUSPENSION OF SECRETARY STANTON.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope we shall now pro-
ceed with the bill which has been under con-
sideration this morning.
Mr. ANTHONY. I believe there_ is no
objection now to the resolution providing for
printing the reports in the case of the suspen-
sion of the Secretary of War, and I move to
take it up.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. Is
! there not a motion already pending before the
Senate to go on with the consideration of the
bill which was up this morning?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That bill
was superseded by taking up other business.
Mr. CONNESS. But the motion to take it
up again is pending, and the other business
which has been interposed has been clone by
unanimous consent. Let the bill be taken up,
and then the honorable Senator from l hodo
Island can get his resolution considered by
unanimous consent.
Mr. ANTHONY, \erywell. .
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. 1 he Chair
understood the Senator from Rhode Island to
! make a motion.
I! Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, sir; and if my mo-
