1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4105
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator will ob-
serve that the portion sloughed off under this
chief only consists of about two hundred, and
are now in the Cherokee country; but there
are a large number of others down on the Red
river who went off in consequence of the rebel-
lion. Some of them were driven out from
among the Creeks and have never returned.
They are on the Red river. That is altogether
a different band.
Mr. HARLAN. This is occurring constantly.
There are Creeks going into the Cherokee
country, and Cherokees going into the Creek
country, and Seminoles into one or the other,
and Choctaws going into the three first named.
They are constantly commingling with each
other, and if we undertake to compel them to
live within the limits of their respective reser-
vations when they choose to go across the lines
and live for the time being with their neighbors,
we shall undertake a work which can never be
accomplished successfully, and will be perfectly
fruitless. If this disaffected chief should go
back they would drive him away, in all proba-
bility. He would go back with the idea that
he was to become the principal chief, and
would be constantly fomenting difficulties when
he arrived at home. I think the proposition
wiil be fruitful of evil rather than good, un-
less they voluntarily go back. As I under-
stand it, they would be entitled if they go back
to their proportion of annuities. The Creeks
are not now poor. Since the sale of a part of
their large reservation to the United States,
they have a very considerable sum of money
due them, on which they are receiving interest
annually. They are not, therefore, poor In-
dians. If these people choose to go back to
their homes they will have the means of going
back. The Indians can travel. That portion
of the Indians referred to, the Creek Indians,
know how to use their natural means of loco-
motion. There is no difficulty in their travel-
ing even a few hundred miles without any
assistance from anybody but themselves. I
do not think this appropriation ought to be
made. I think it would be fruitful only of
evil if it were made. It would be entering on
a system of control of the local affairs of the
tribe which would be unending.
Mr. HENDERSON". The Senator will ob-
serve that I entertained some of the views he
now expresses in preparing the amendment.
I did not include in the amendment any ex-
penses whatever for removing that particular
band that is now in the Cherokee country that
went off of their own accord, but provided for
removing back the refugees on the Red river.
He will see that I say nothing about the Indians
under the charge of this particular chief who
went off voluntarily into the Cherokee country.
I am disposed to defer very much to the hon-
orable Senator's opinions in reference to these
matters. Indeed I should hate very much to
run counter to them, for I am satisfied that he
is very well acquaiuted with the whole subject-
matter. But my impressions upon an exam-
ination of the documents led me to suggest
the amendment that is now submitted, con-
fining it entirely to the Red river Indians.
I understand that these refugees dislike very
much to return except under the authority of ,
the Government. They are a long distance
from home. They went off during the civil
war, in which Creeks participated as well as
the people of our own country, some taking
one side and some the other; and they feel
hardly authorized to return home. Those who
voluntarily went off can return, but the others
do not feel that they would be safe on their I
return back without some sanction of the !
Government. There is no doubt they were i
disloyal Indians. I understand they are com- j
mitting depredations on the whites in the sec- j|
tion of the country where they are. In fact, j
we have various accounts of depredations com- ['
mitted down on the Red river within the last j!
few months, and it is supposed these Indians i|
are connected with those ^depredations. They ji
have not been receiving any part of the appro- ft
priations belonging to the Creeks, as I am II
informed, since these political troubles, and it
is highly essential that they should be brought
back. The agents and the superintendent do
not seem to be desirous of attempting to return
them without some quasi authority of Con-
gress.
There is another trouble, I understand.
The white people are quite hostile to them
because they have depredated upon them, and
unless they have the authority or sanction of
law for their return, they will probably be
attacked upon their return home, as they have
to pass through white settlements in order to
get back. This has been suggested as one
reason why a small appropriation should be
made. They will have to be subsisted. If
not, upon their return they will commit dep-
redations which will cost the Government per-
haps in the end much more than this small
appropriation.
I suggest to the Senator that if in his judg-
ment it be wrong as it stands, to move to
amend it in some shape, either to take it out
of the Creek funds or else make a smaller
appropriation and attempt to get them back
in some way. I am very clearly of the opin-
ion, from an examination of the subject, that
something ought to be done to remove them
back.
Mr. HARLAN. I would agree to the amend-
ment if amended as the Senator suggests, to
strike out that part which refers to the Creeks
in the Cherokee country, and let it apply only
to those on Red river, and then reduce the
appropriation to what amount he may deem
necessary. The additional facts which the
Senator has stated perhaps ought to control.
If they are committing depredations on the
white people in the Red river country, that is
a reason for bringing them back to their old
homes. I therefore move to amend theamend-
ment by striking out all those words that refer
to the Creeks in the Cherokee country.
Mr. HENDERSON. Strike out the words
"certain disaffected Creek Indians now living
in the Cherokee country, and also certain refu-
gees of the same tribe," and insert ''certain
refugee Creek Indians." That is satisfactory ?
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. HENDERSON. Then it will read :
"To defray the expenses of certain refugee
Creek Indians now on the Red river to their
old homes in the Creek country, and to supply
them with the necessaries of life until such
time as they shall be able to raise crops for
their own support." I do not know that that
last clause is necessary, because they will be
entitled to a part of the annuities upon their
return. However, that will not be objection-
able. Do you propose to reduce the amount?
Mr. HARLAN. I think it would be well to
strike out $8,000 and insert a smaller sum.
Mr. HENDERSON. Four thousand dollars?
Mr. HARLAN. Four thousand dollars will,
perhaps, be sufficient.
Mr. HENDERSON. I accept that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be reported as modified.
The Chief Clerk read it, as follows:
To defray the expenses of removing certain refu-
gee Creek Indians now on the Kcd river, to their old
homes in the Creek eouuti.v, an.d to supply them with
the necessaries of life until «nch a time as they shall
he able to raise crops for their own support, Si,000.
Mr. HOWE. I think this is decidedly im-
proved by the amendment suggested by the
Senator from Iowa, but I am still opposed to
the adoption of the amendment. I shall not
argue it. I think the way to send those Indians jj
back is to tell them to go. They are just as ,]
capable of going as we are of moving them, ;i
and they will go as quick as we tell them. ij
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to. il
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.. The ques- f
tion now is on the second clause of theamend-
nient, which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read it, as (allows: ;;
For expenses of takinjr a census rind investigating
the claims of loyal Creeks, refugees, and frcedmeu, jj
as per article four treaty of June 14,1808, $6,500. >j
The amendtaent was agreed to. Il
The next amendment was in line five hun-
dred and eighty-two, in the appropriations for
the D'Wamish and other allied tribes in Wash-
ington Territory, to strike out " $1,500" and
to insert " §3,000 j" so that the clause, will
read:
For ninth of twenty installments for the establish-
ment and support of an agricultural and industrial
school, and to provide said school with a suitable in-
structor or instructors, per fourteenth article treaty
22dof January, 1855, $3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line five hun-
dred and eighty-seven, to strikeout "three"
and insert "five so that the clause will read:
For ninth of twenty installments for the establish-
ment and support oi a smith and carpentershop, and
to furnish them with the necessary tools, per four-
teenth article treaty 22d January, 1855, $500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line five hun-
dred and ninety-two, to strike out "three" and
insert " four; " so that the clause will read:
Forninth of twenty installmentsfortheemployment
of a blacksmith, carpenter, farmer, and physician,
who shall furnish medicines for the sick, per four-
teenth article treaty 22d January, 1855, $4,600.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line six hun-
dred and seven, in the appropriations for the
Flatheads and other confederated tribes, to
strike out "$1,200" and insert " $1,800;" so
that the clause will read:
For ninth of twenty installments for providing suit-
able instructors therefor, per fifth article treaty 16th
July, 1855, $1,800.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line six hun-
dred and twelve, to strike out "two" and
insert " five;" so that the clause will read :
For ninth of twenty installments for keeping in
rep iir blacksmiths', tin and gunsmiths', carpenters',
and wagon and plow-makers' shops, and providing
necessary tools therefor, per fifth article treaty 16th
July, 1855, $500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line six hun-
dred and seventeen, to strike out "$5,000"
and insert " $7,400;" so that the clause will
read :
For ninth of twenty installments for the employ-
ment of two farmers, two millers, one blacksmith,
one tinner, one gunsmith, one carpenter, and one
wagon and, plow-maker, per fifth article treaty 16th
July, 1855, ->7,'?00.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line six hun-
dred and twenty-eight, to strike out " twelve"
and insert "fourteen so as to make the pay
of a physician $1,400.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line six hun-
dred and ninety-nine, in the appropriations for
Makah tribe, to strike out "(Me?3 and insert
" two so that the clause wittWad :
For ninth of twenty installments for the support of
an agricultural and industrial school, and for pay of
teachers, per eleventh article treaty 31st January,
1855, $2,500.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was in line seven hun-
dred and three, to strike out "three" and
insert "five;" so that the clause wiil read:
For ninth of twenty installments for support of a
smith and carpenter's shop, and to provide the neces-
sary tool3 therefor, per eleventh article treaty 31st
January, 1855, $500.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion, and declared the amendment appeared to
be rejected.
Mr. HENDERSON. I cannot submit to
that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will put the question again, if the Senator
desires it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I call attention to the
fact that this is under a treaty stipulation :
For ninth of twenty installments for the support
of a smith and carpenter's shop, aud to provide tne
necessary tjols therefor, per eleventh article treaty
olbt January, 1855.
Mr. WILLIAMS. For what tribe, and
* Mr? HENDERSON. The Makah tribe, in
