2058
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21;
V
courage the loyal white and black people of
that State. They have exhausted themselves
in means and money, and almost in mind and
body, in the election which has just taken
place. They have shown wonderful heroism
in accomplishing as much as they have accom-
plished against such terrible odds. The blacks
have acted the part of martyrs. They have in
many instances footed it for distances of even
twenty to forty miles, swam swift currents,
been without rest or food for well nigh several
days at a time, and breasted all sorts of dan-
ger to reach a chance to vote. They have
sought or received no office or nomination;
they have claimed no pay. Many of t.hern knew
they would for such act be driven from their
hearths and homes, and be subject to personal
injury, not excepting even death. Words can
hardly describe their sufferings, nor would
many men believe their story of woe so awfully
true. All this has been endured by the black
people of Alabama for the sake of giving aid
to a country which has promised them the boon
that they shall be free. What noble heroism !
Nothing but a reliance upon God, for which
that humble race are so remarkable, would
ever enable them to afford us such splendid
example. They cannot repeat such efforts
without encouragement from us. They will be
discouraged and dispirited if after all such
efforts they can see and feel 110 practical re-
sults. Their enemies will have more potent
/weapons with which to oppose them, and tram-
ple their rights in the dust. If disappointed
now, the black population will hesitate and
falter by and by, till their cause in that Stale
may be lost. Nor will they alone suffer from
our inaction. The loyal whites of that State
will have to pause in the work of reconstruc-
tion. Their representatives here, who have
come to Washington to maintain their cause,
say they would hardly be safe to return. 1 f
admitted, Alabama can maintain herself; if
rejected, the cause of loyalty and freedom, for
a season at least, in that State must die.
But, Mr. Speaker, there can be no reason-
able doubt that Alabama has complied with
the requirement that a majority of the regis-
tered votes shall be cast, if such compliance
should be necessary. There was an essential
performance of the condition, if condition it
is. While the nominal failure in the number
of votes is not great, the real failure is none.
Between seventy and eighty thousand votes
were thrownfor the constitution, and about one
thousand against. Adding to this the number
of votes shown to have been cast, and not
known to General Grant when he reported
to the House what information he had, and a
very few thousands more would in any view
have been enough. But the evidence is quite
conclusive and satisfactory, that on account
of the peculiar condition of that country the
number who have died or left the State since
the date of their registry would even exceed
the number wanted to bring out such a result.
Again, the evidence is as clear as sunlight that
thousands upon thousands of electors who
offered to vote were deprived of the privilege
on account of various and almost endless
errors in names. The hostile registrars of
election were very strict constructionists about
names, when slavery had hardly allowed name
enough to a black man to be known by.
But, Mr. Speaker, if the terms of admission
have not been literally complied with, it was
on account of the fraudulent, violent, and wicked
conduct of the red-hot rebels of Alabama, who
were as bent upon keeping that State out of
the Union as they were in taking her out in
the beginning of rebellion.
Mr. ELDRIDGK. Mr. Speaker, I ask the
gentleman from Maine what evidence he has
that the state of things existed in Alabama to
which he has referred? I should also like to
know whether he does or not claim that Ala-
bama is a State in the Union I I understood
him to say that the rebels of that State were as
anxious and persistent to keep the State out of
the Union—to prevent her coming back—as
they were to take her out original! jr. if the
State is out of the Union, as he seemed to in-
timate, at what time did it go out and what
power took it out?
Mr. PETERS. As to the evidence, in the
first place it is one of great notoriety. It has
been wafted on the newspaper press to every
part of the country. It has come to ns in, the
private letters and other communications every
member of this House has received. It is in
evidence before the Reconstruction Committee
in detail, and it will be laid before the House
before this question is closed. I have had the
pleasure of referring to that evidence in gen-
eral. I am fully convinced j 1 have no doubt
the House is fully convinced; I have no doubt
the nation is convinced of the truth of the facts
I have stated.
As to the other question of the gentleman, it
seems to me it has been put and answered a
great many times on this floor. I remember
that the gentleman asked the question once of
the gentleman now in the chair, [Mr. Law-
rence, of Ohio,] by whom it was fully an-
swered. I can only state that in my opinion
the rebellion took these States out of the Union,
at least so far as to leave them States without
any political rights in the Union at the present
time, excepting such rights as may be allowed
them by Congress.
Mr. ISIjDIUDGE. Will the gentleman then
allow me to ask him this question ? If the
rebellion took the confederate States out of the
Union then does the gentleman consider that
the rebellion was successful? I understand
that the rebellion, when it was inaugurated,
was intended to take those States out of the
Union. 1 had supposed that, the armies of the
loyal North had been successful and had over-
thrown the rebellion and prevented its success,
thereby preserving those States to the Union.
Mr. PETEIIS. Yes, the rebellion succeeded
to the extent of taking those States out of
any political rights in the Union. We have
conquered them; we have seized them; they
arc in our possession, and they can be allowed
to come back again when they have attained a
fit political condition for that purpose, a con-
dition to which, 1 contend, Alabama has now
attained, and which 110 other of these rebel
States has yet reached.
The proofs upon thispointarc incontestable.
Shall the men who have committed the frauds
against the adoption of this constitution have
the benefit of such fraudulent action? Shall
we hesitate to pass this bill because it will not
suit rebels, who have not even voted upon the
issue, but who have, by force and throat and
guile, restrained thousands of others from
voting? But the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Boyish] upon this iloor has asked how
could any frauds have been committed except
by Republicans, because they only had the ap-
pointing power. Let me ask, sir, why was
General Pope removed by Andrew Johnson
from this military district? Why was General
iSwayne ordered away? Was it not to give
more opportunities to the supporters of rebel-
lion to stifle the voice of the loyal people?
Was it not an emphatic expression of the
President of the United States against the
constitution offered to the electors of that
State? Was it not au act of rebellion in itself?
Mr. Speaker, I will read a letter just received
from a gentleman in Alabama, every word of
which, i have no doubt, is literal truth. The
picture here drawn will show gentlemen and
the country whether frauds were committed,
and who committed them. Bear in mind that
while it is reckoned that at least thirty thou-
sand white men voted for the convention no
more than from three to five thousand of the
same color dared to vote upon the constitution
which that convention had adopted :
Gbeexville. Alabama. March 2.18G8.
Bear Sir: I had refrained from writing you in
regard to the election, thinking that the facts would
be so fully stated by the Alabaraians now in Wash-
ington. and the case would be such a clear one for
congressional action, that there would be no justifi-
cation for my troubling you. But. tho delay that
has already occurred, and tho advoi.-e reports of
newspaper correspondents, awaken a i'ear that for
some, to me, unaccountable reason Congress is not
decided upon the matter. I wish only that all who
are in doubt whether tho free choice of the legal
voters of Alabama would have ratified the constitu-
tion could have been, incognito, witnesses of tho
scenes at the polling place tor this (Butler) county.
They would have seen the registrar deprived of all
competent assistance by the force of social and busi-
ness proscription tor the express purpose of hinder-
ing the voting and discouraging the brave and pa-
tient crowds waiting in the bitter storm to strike
the last blow at the shackles their old masters are
trying so hard to keep fastened upon them.
Those men have come from five to forty miles on
foot. Many of them have stripped and swam tho
deep and swift creeks thaterossed their route. They
have traveled through the woods and by night,
avoiding tho observation of their fellow-citizens,
gifted with white skins, as the bunted fugitive did in
the days of ownership slavery. They have endeav-
ored to show the Congress of tho United States that
they appreciate their generous sympathy andaid, but
they find all the vast machinery that Congress has
set in motion clogged and frustrated by the petty de-
vices of rebel malignants. The unknown looker on
would have seen next the sheriff of the county, a
turning and blatantrebel, with uposseot twelve men*
selected notoriously for their bitter and reckless
hatred and theiractive partizanship against the con-
stitution. These men crowd around thepollingwin-
dow, tilling all the space behind the ropes and com-
pelling every voter to pass between their lines. Tho
duty of a posse cnmitatuft is supposed to be that of
keeping order in the crowd and in the town should
any distui banco arise. The actual employment of
thisset was to wateh and mark every man who voted
and give immediate information to his employer, so
thathe might bedischargcd, in accordance with the
resolutions of tho Conservative Club adopted tho
Sat urday night before election.
Two of the jm-s'sc stood at tho window, book and
Pencil in hand, to take names and challenge voters.
They would challenge upon the mostfi ivolaus causes,
and endeavor to confuse and mislead the voter into
a statement of something to his prejudice. Others
would talk witli voters as they stood waiting their
turn, and by threats and promises try to induce them
not to vote. Kor a time they compelled every voter,
at a certain point in the line, to pull off his hat and
bow bei'oro lie could go on to vote.# Ali of t.hemcon-
tinunlly weic jeering, scouting, ridiculing, and in-
sulting the voters as they came up. Their rebel
friends outride tho ropes passed back and forth tho
■ocfctsjj.pttises, and information that thejxmcgaveoutto
vhe^nTandon one occasion circulated a scandalous and
obscene drawing of the registrai, which was passed
around among the possr with boisterous manifesta-
tions of admiration. If these observers had been
known to the colored people, and had their confi-
dence, they would have heard them saying : " Well,
I hardly know what, to do; I have alarge family. If
I vote 1 am to be turned out of employment andout
of house and home at once." "Cannot I vote se-
cretly? Men are watching who will go immediately
and report." Others would say, "Well, I have done
it. The old boss turned me off. I do not know what
J will do, but if I had it to do again I would gladly
do it."
Tho devotion and courage exhibited by the whole
class, and especially in individual instances, where
every chance of success or even support was depend-
ing on their action, cannot be too highly commended.
The thanks of the nation are due their sclf-sacritic-
ing patriotism. One word lurther m regard to tho
matter of the expression of the popular will in tho
election. Thcro were white men estimated by all
who know best to number between one hundred and
fitly and two hundred in this county who had prom-
ised and were anxious to vote the constitution, but
when they saw how completely the system of terror-
ism inaugurated by the malignants had gained tho
ascendancy their hearts failed them, and t.hry wont
home feeling as they felt when Alabama was dragged
into secession by the same means.
It is much to bo regretted that Congress has not
seen lit to ratify promptly, for every day that the in-
solent and selt-styied victorious rebels holdofliceis
an additional power of damage, which they are ready
and active to use. It is a possibility which we depre-
cate very much that a new election may be ordered.
I hope this policy will not be adopted unless ample
means and regulation* for securing a fair expression
ol the popular will are insured. The rebels will, of
course, change their policy and vote their strength,
while the friends of the con*titutiou, especially the
colored portion, will be confuted and distracted by
tho seeming whiffling and uncertainty, will be dis-
heartened by the failure of all their heroic sacrifices,
and blow to repeat tho ordoal. Many will be out of
reach of the necessary information to clear their un-
derstanding in the matter. Even if troops and orders
should be satisfactory, it is impossible to a\eri the
influence of social and business proscription which
will again be exerted in its fullest power. I greatly
fear such apolicy will only prolong the triumph of
the anarchists and call for greatly increased expense
and effort to secure the desired settlement.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
Hon. Johx A. Peters.
But, Mr. Speaker, I go further, and main-
tain that the only essential element in the tonus
of admission has been literally complied with;
and that is, that the constitution has been
adopted by an overwhelming majority of all
those who have seen fit to vote. No more
stringentprovision lias usually, or perhaps ever,
been required. The history of this subject-
mutter shows thai States have been admitted
