1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1036
communicate to the Senate, and did communi-
cate to the Senate, what he said were his rea-
sons for removing him. That communication
was referred to a committee of this body, and
the committee has reported, and the Senate has
passed upon the case. I think a due respect
on our part to our own decision calls upon
us to submit our reasons for our action to the
public. For my own part I have sufficient
confidence in the correctness of our conclu-
sion to let it go to the public, to let the public
see not only the conclusion but the reasoning
upon which that conclusion was adopted.
I think that all three of the papers ought to
go to the public—the President's communica-
tion, the report of the majority of the commit-
tee, and the report of the minority, because
they all go to make up the case. The case is
incomplete without them all. If one paper
goes the whole should go, that the public may
hear both sides of the questions presented, and
may pass, in view of the presentation of both
sides, upon the action of the Senate. And I
think this is more than all necessary and proper
to be done at the present time because the pub-
lic has recently been informed by a corre-
spondence laid before it that while the Presi-
dent conceded that his power to remove that
particular Secretary was taken from him by
statute; while he conceded that without the
consent of the Senate he could not remove that
officer; while he conceded that he could do no
more than suspend him from office temporarily;
and conceded that he was compelled by the law
to submit his reasons for doing that to the
judgment of the Senate, and while he did sub-
mit theiu to the judgment of the Senate—I say
there has been laid before the public a corre-
spondence in which the President, to my mind,
openly confesses that all that time, while he
was attempting to got rid of the Secretary of
War in accordance with the requirements of
the tonure-of-office bill, he was engaged in a
conspiracy to exclude the Secretary from that
office in spite of the provisions of the tenure-
of-office bill and in defiance of the decision of
the Senate,'let the decision of the Senate be
what it might. So much is patent to the pub-
lie to-day upon the confessions of the Execu-
tive himself.
That being the state of the case to-day, it
seems to me that the public should Jcnow whether
this Secretary has ever been charged with any-
thing so very criminal as to make it essential
to the public safety that he should be excluded
from office, in defiance of the will of the Senate
and in defiance of the statutes of the land; and
for that reason I want not only the President's
alleged reasons for suspending him sent to the
public, but I want the answer which lias been
made to them on the part of a committee of
the Senate also to go, and the defense of those
reasons which was made by the minority of the
committee.
Mr. BUCKALEW. As I understand the
correspondence to which the ^ Senator from
Wisconsin has referred, it justifies a statement
exactly opposed to that which he lias made
upon one point. I understand from it that the
President asserts that he had power to suspend
Mr. Stanton independent entirely of the act of
Congress commonly called the tenure-of-office
law, and that in exercising his power of sus-
pension he did not necessarily proceed under
the provisions of that law; that, although this
act was done by him under his general consti-
tutional power, there was no impropriety m
submitting his reasons for the act to the^ Sen-
ate of the United States for their considera-
tion. . . .
Now, sir, I took particular notice of that
part of the recent correspondence, because it
concurred exactly with my own opinion on the
subject of the power of suspension as it is now-
vested in the President of the Dinted States.
In my opinion, before the temire-of-office law
was passed, the President of the li tilted States
had the power to suspend any officer from his
office where the tenure was not fixed, ihe
power to remove which then existed m linn, or
was supposed to exist in him, included the
power of suspension on the familiar principle
that the greater includes the less. Now, there-
fore, any person, whether President or citizen,
who denies the constitutionality of the tenure-
of-offiee law, who holds it to be null and void
under the Constitution of the United States,
may yet well affirm a power in the President
of the United States to suspend the Secretary
of War, or almost any other public officer, from
the exercise of his official duties. The mes-
sage of the President transmitted to the Sen-
ate, which it is now proposed to print, does
not state that this suspension was made under
the tennre-of-office law, and does not ask the
Senate to pass judgment upon the act that lie
has performed. It is simply a message which
it was competent for the President of the Uni-
ted States to transmit to the Senate with ref-
erence to his official conduct, whether that law
be accepted as a valid law or not. He sus-
pended Mr. Stanton from the exercise of the
duties of his office, and he made that suspen-
sion for particular reasons. He transmitted a
message to the Senate informing us what those
reasons were, and the case is left at that. The
Senate thought proper—but it was an act of its
own ; I suppose it understood that it was its
duty under its own law—the Senate proceeded
to take up the case of Mr. Stanton and to ex-
press its judgment upon it by a resolution, and
transmitted that resolution not only to the
President of the United States but to the re-
moved or suspended Secretary of War and
also to General Grant.
Now, the point I mean to put is this : that
those who hold, with the President of the
United States', that the tenure-of-olfice bill is
unconstitutional and invalid, and who may
desire that the question of its validity should be
tested by the only department of the Govern-
ment which can pass upon it, to wit, the Su-
preme Court of the United States, are not
concluded by anything which has been done by
the Congress of the United States on this sub-
ject. Prom their point of view, they may insist,
and I understand he does insist, that that sus-
pension can stand upon his general powers as
President of the United States; that it was
a valid and proper act independent of your
statute ; and that whether _ we agreed or disa-
greed with the President of the United States,
the transmission of a message upon that subject
to us was an appropriate proceeding. The
Senate, of course, accepting that law as valid,
had put in its possession the means of action
under that law and did proceed to act, and the
action of the Senate has had practical effect so
far; but the case stands undetermined with
reference to the validity of that law. That is
a point that we need not go into at present.
But in publishing these papers, the message
of the President and the reports of our com-
mittee, and sending them out to the judgment
of the country, the j>oint I make is that upon
the face of the President's message he is not
concluded against questioning your law; 1
mean ho is not concluded^ against asking a
decision upon it by a judicial tribunal in the
proper manner. The act which he has done
of suspension, and his message to the Senate
on the subjest, may well stand good, may well
be held to have been appropriate, although he
or some person representing him should go
before the Supreme Court of the United States
questioning the validity of your law 
Mr. HOWARD. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania answer me a question ?
Mr. BUCKALEW. I always give way to a
proper question.
Mr. HOWARD. The honorable Senator
seems to insist that the power of removal in-
cludes the power to suspend under the techni-
cal legal principle that the greater includes the
less. Will he inform the Senate whether there
be any precedent in the whole history of the
Government, from the beginning down to the
present time, ofa more suspension of an officer
by the President, whether such a principle has
ever been put in practice ?
Mr. BUCKALEW. If the Senator asks me
if 1 can put my finger on a particular case •
Mr. HOWARD. That is the question I put.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I say to him I cannot;
but I desiie to accompany that statement with
another, which is that 1 believe officers have
been frequently suspended temporarily pend-
ing inquiry into their official conduct. I am
unable to state any case, but the impression of
my mind is that it has been often done.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not propose to argue
that question with the Senator now. I do not
uphold any such principle. The officer must
be removed under the old law, or be permitted
to remain.
Mr. HOWE. I propose to argue it with the
Senator from Pennsylvania now. I deny that
there was any power in the President of the
United States to suspend a man from office
before the tenure-of-office bill was passed. I
deny that the general principle of law which
the Senator from Pennsylvania cites applies
to that case. Instead of its being a case of
the greater including the less, it is a case of
the less including the greater. The power
to suspend is not the lesser power; it is the
greater one. The statute did confer upon the
President the power to remove a Secretary;
and when he had removed a Secretary, by
the act of removing a Secretary he created
a vacancy, and therefore he was authorized
by the Constitution to fill that vacancy tem-
porarily by an appointment which should last
just so long. But the power to suspend is a
very different one. The power to suspend is
a power to create two Secretaries, or rather to
have two Secretaries at the same time ; for sus-
pending an officer, independent of the statute,
does not create a vacancy in the office, does
not terminate the salary. He would still be
entitled to his salary; and yet if the President
had the power to suspend and put another man
in his place the other man must have a right
to the same salary; and so this power of sus-
pension, which was claimed as an incident of
the power of removal, was a power which,
uncontrolled by statute, would enable the Pres-
ident to have two Secretaries for each one of
the Departments under the Government.
Mr. HOWARD. Any number.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, as said by my friend,
any number. He could suspend as long as he
pleased, though perhaps he could not get but
two on the pay-rolls, and 1 do not know that
he would be able to do move than that. No,
Mr. President, I dissent entirely from the idea
that there was a power of suspension independ-
ent of the tenure-of-office bill. I do not un-
dertake to affirm that the President might not
by possibility be made to think he had such a
power; but I am inclined to think that that
idea never occurred to him until long after Mr.
Stanton was suspended. But the simple fact
is that Mr. Stanton was suspended after the
passage of the tenure-of-office bill. _ Whether,
in suspending him, the President did, in fact,
act upon the provisions of that law or not, of
course we cannot try here or elsewhere; but
he suspended him in accordance with the
terms of that law after that law was passed;
proceeded, just as that law directed him to
proceed, to submit the reasons lor doing it to
the Senate of the United States, and he pnt in
his place another officer, just as that law em-
powered him to do, to act ad interimHo
did all these things just as the law prescribed;
he did things which were never done, I under-
take to say, in the history of the Government
before that act was passed, and which I submit
confidently, as a matter of law, there never
was any authority for doing until that law
was passed. ,
And yet the Senator from Pennsylvania
would have us believe that, acting in this way,
he acted upon the belief and in the faith that
really he was not governed by the tenure-of-
oflice bill at all; that he was independent or
that, and had authority for doing all tticsse
things independent of that. Of couiss it
woufd not be safe for us to say that he knew
he was conspiring against the terms of that
law. I do not want to say that. I know how
easy it is for a man to affirm his belief in his
