1:868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
308B
identram I no,t right in saying that Congress
is ent\tl$d to be acquitted of all blame, if blame
there be, although, the acquittal of Congress
should be the conviction of the Secretary of
the Treasury ?
I wish to call attention to the act of March
3, 18,05, th$ first and second sections of which
I beg tp read:
"J3e it enacted, &o.t That the Secretary of the Treas-
ury b"), and lie is hereby, authorized to borrow, from
time to timo, on tho credit of the United States, in
addition to the amounts heretofore authorized, any
sums not exceeding in the aggregate $600,000,000, and
to issue therefor bonds or Treasury notes of tho Uni-
ted .States, m Such form as he may prescribe; and so
much thereof as may be issued in bonds shall be of
denominations not less than fifty dollars, and may
bo made payable at any period not more than forty
years trom date of issue, or may be made redeem-
able, at the pleasure of the Government, at or after
any period not less than live years nor more than
forty years from date, or may be made redeemable
and payable as aforesaid as may be expressed upon
their face; and so much thereof as may bo issued in
-treasury notes may be made convertible into any
bonds authorized by this act, and may be of such
denominations—not less than fifty dollars—and bear
such dates and be made redeemable or payable at
such periods as in theopinion of the Secretary of the
Treasury may be deemed expedient. And the inter-
est on such bonds shall be payable semi-annually;
and on Treasury notes authorized by this act tho
interest may be made payable semi-annually, or an-
nually, or at maturity thereof; and tho principal or
interest, or both, may be made payable in coin, orin
other lawful money: Provided, That the rate of in-
terest on any such bonds or Treasury notes, when
payable in com, shall not exceed six per cent. V>er
annum; and when not payable in coin shall not
exceed seven and three tenths per cent, per an-
num ; and the rate and character of interest shall be
expressed on all such bonds and Treasury notes; And
provided further. That tho act entitled 'An not to
provide ways and means for tho support of the Gov-
ernment, and for other purposes,' approved Juno 30,
1864, shall be so constiued as to authorize the issue of
bonds of any description authorized by this act. And
any Treasury notes or other obligations bearing in-
terest, issued under any act of Congress, may, at the
discretion of the Secretary of tho Treasury, and with
tho consent of tho holder, bo converted into any de-
scription of bonds authorized by this act; and no
bonds so authorized shall be considered a part of the
amount of $600,000,000 horeinboforo authorized.
"Sec.2. Andbe-it further enacted, That the Secretary
of tho Treasury may dispose of any ot the bonds or
other obligations issued under this act, either in tho
United States or elsewhere, in such manner and at
such rates and under such conditions as lie may think
advisable, for coin, or for other lawful money of the
United States, or for any Treasury notes, certificates
of indebtedness or certificates of deposit, or other
representatives of value which have been or may be
issued under any aet of Congress; and may, at his
discretion, issue bonds or Treasury notes authorized
by this act in payment for any requisitions," &c.
Mr. President, I stop here to analyze briefly
s these sections before reading the succeeding
act by which they are preserved and kept in
force, and by which they live to day for every
purpose for which I have cited them. It will
be observed, in the first place, that these pro-
visions relieve the Secretary from all obligation
to make bonds in form redeemable at the option
of the Government at any period prior to their
maturity. He may make them payable "at
any_ period not more than forty years from date
of issue." That is important because of the
suggestion that one respect wherein Congress
is in default is failing to clothe the Secretary
with power to divest bonds of an early redeem-
ability, which was supposed to impair their
availability in the market.
I call attention nest to the fact that bonds
may be made payable—■" the principal or inter-
est, or both"—'"in coin," so that if there bo
any virtue in the fact that one act of Congress
expressly authorized the issue of ten-forty five
per cent, bonds, payable principal and interest
in coin, here is the same provision. It may be
nominated in these bonds as it is nominated
in this statute that the whole debt, principal
and interest, shall be payable in coin, and
in nothing else.
Third, I call attention to the fact that as to
the amount of interest there is no limit or
condition, excepting that it shall not exceed
six per cent.
Mr. HOWE. In coin.
Mr. CONKLING. In coin. I am speaking
of coin-bearing bonds. I thank the Senator
for the suggestion, in coin. If it is currency,
it may be seven and three tenths per cent.
Therefore, observe, Mr. President, that the
Secretary may feel the pulse of the market all
the tirne. If he can float a five per cent, bond,
he is at liberty to issue it. If he can float a
five per cent, bond at twenty years, he is at
liberty to issue it. If a bond for forty years
will be better he can issue that. If he can
negotiate, a bond at three or four per cent.,
with a feature of early redeemability, he is. at
liberty to issue it, or he may make it payable
at its maturity, and not before, and the whole
of it absolutely iu coin, or the interest alone in
coin.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend permit
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to inquire how the
Secretary of the Treasury, or anybody else,
can float a bond, bearing less than six per cent,
in coin, so long as the public have a legal right
to make use of seven-thirty notes in conver-
sion into five-twenty coin-bearing six per cent,
bonds ? Does not the law now authorize every
holder of a seven-thirty note to convert it into
a five-twenty bond? And if it does, how could
anybody be induced to take a less than six per
cent, bond, when all he would have to do in
order to get one would be to buy a seven-thirty
note and convert it.
Mr. CONKLING. My honorable friend
diverts me from the line of remark I was pur-
suing by a suggestion less pertinent than those
he ordinarily makes. In the first place, I am
not referring to bonds issued by the Secretary
of the Treasury to the holders of seven-thirty
notes. I am not speaking of bonds which
holders of other securities have a right to
demand, It is said that the Secretary is issu-
ing five-twenty six per cent, bonds to retire
compound-interest notes and three per cents.,
and for other purposes aside from converting
the seven-thirty notes. The hypothesis, there-
fore, upon which the Senator bases his ques-
tion is not the one before us.
But, again, the Senator will observe that I
am discussing the question simply whether
there is a legislative cure for the high interest
complained of. It is not within the scope of
my remarks to inquire whether tho nature of
the case admits of any improvement in the
management of the finances ; I am only argu-
ing that the evil does not consist in a failure to
legislate, and that Congress cannot provide a
remedy. I am discussing not a financial ques-
tion, not the feasibility of funding the debt at
a lower rate of interest, but tho naked question
whether Congress is to blame because it is not
done.
Mr. EDM [JNDS. That is to say 
Mr. CONKLING. I will state what I mean
fully, if my friend will pardon me. as well
without as with interruption.
I am discussing the question whether Con-
gress, by legislation, can do more than it has
done to invest the Secretary with power to adapt
the securities he issues to the demands of the
market, and whether his failure to make better
bargains for interest than he docs is owing to
a want of authority to gauge time, interest, and
character of bonds. This is the whole of my
inquiry. Thus tho Senator will see, I think, that
the suggestion he makes is not at all pertinent
to the line of my inquiry ; he will, I am sure,
agree with me that if Congress were to impose
upon the Secretary tho duty, or give the Secre-
tary tho authority, to deprive the holders of
the seven-thirties of their option to demand a
certain description of bond that would be rank
repudiation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Clearly.
Mr. CONKLING. Clearly; andthe Sena-
tor will now see that I am not upon" that
branch of the subject, and am making no sug-
gestion in reference to it. I am simply dis-
cussing within tho limits of that domain which
Congress or the Secretary could occupy with-
out repudiation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend will pardon
me, I misunderstood him. I understood him,
in the outset of his remarks, to charge a
degree of guilt on the Secretary of the Treas-
ury in not having done something of this kind,
and my inquiry was directed to the question
(for I agree with him as to the law) whether
the Secretary could do this until he had retired
tho seven-thirties which he was bound to take
up \vith the five-twenty bonds.
Mr. CONKLING. -The Senator obviously
did not attend to my remarks, nor did he allow
me to come to the concluding part of them,
which will be presently, else he could not have
misconceived me so far. I trust I am as sen-
sitive as other Senators upon the point of repu-
diation ; and of course I comprehend that when
the holder of a Government security has an
option to demand a bond of a certain kind, that
bond he is to receive; and I cannot under-
stand how the Senator supposed that I was
drawing any such question into the contro-
versy.
The financial statement which lies upon our
tables will enable the Senator to see that there
is an indebtedness matured and not presented
for payment amounting to nine millions and
something. The Senator before me [Mr. Wil-
liams] has the statement showing precise
figures; it is nine millions and something. In
addition to this, there are three per cents.,
and in addition to them, compound-interest
notes, as to neither of which exists the option
or obligation to which the honorable Senator
refers. I am speakingof bondsissued to redeem
these, or sold for money to pay these and other
like obligations, if any other exist. I make
the discussion therefore just as broad as the
limits which can be addressed to the honest
discretion of Congress ; and I proceed to in-
quire whether it is for lack of legislation, or
for lack of anything that Congress can honestly
do, that where the Secretary is at liberty to
negotiate, he does it by issuing six per cent,
coin-bearing bonds in place of more econom-
ical securities. I had called attention to the
fact that the option was given him as to the
form of the security, and touching the medium
in which it was payable,both interest and prin-
cipal:
"And any Treasury notes or other obligations bear-
ing interest, issued under any act of Congress, may,
at the discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury,
and with the consont of the holder, bo converted into
any description of bonds authorized by this act: and
no bonds so authorized shall be considered a part of
the amount of $1500,000,000 hereinbefore authorized."
The Senate will see, without my dwelling
upon it, the efficacy of this provision. I come
next to the fact that by this act the Secretary
is not confined in his negotiations to the Amer-
ican market, but may effect his transactions—
"In the United States or elsewhere, in such man-
ner, and at such rates, and under such conditions as
he may think advisable."
I think that is elastic, as much so as any
legislator could make it.
Mr. President, if this act, with all these pro-
visions, remains in being, I think I hazard
nothing in asserting that itcovers all the ground
which can be covered by legislation conferring
such powers on the Secretary. Let me turn
now to the act of April 12, 180G, and see
whether the provisions I have read are in being
or not. I ask the attention of Senators to its
language:
" That the act entitled 'An aet to provide ways
and means to support the Government,' approved
March 3, 1805"—
That is the act, a part of which I have just
read—
"shall be extended and constructed to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury, at his discretion, to
receive any Treasury notes or other obligations issued
under any act of Congress, whether bearing interest
or not, in exchange for any description of bonds
authorized by the act to which this is an amend-
ment; and also to dispose of any description of bonds
authorized by said act, either in tho United States or
elsewhere, to such an amount, in such manner, and
at such nUes as he may think advisable, for lawful
money ot the United States, or for auy Tiuaijiuy
notes, certificates of indebtedness, or certificate-* of
deposit, or other representatives of value, which
have been or which may bo issued under auy act of
Congress."
Bear in mind he may sell them for any rep-
resentative of value, coin, lawful money, or
any other known circulating medium recog-
nized by the laws of the United States, and
the proceeds, the avails, are to be used in
retiring the debt. Thus, by a plain process,
