1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2050
under all sorts of application, and, as has been
said, Rhode Island was one of us without even
a constitution at all, but having merely a charter
from a king of Great Brit&in. All the pre-
cedents show that Congress has from the be-
ginning exercised the authority of admitting
States when and as they pleased. Let us recur
to the act of March last:
"Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That if, accord-
ing to said returns, the constitution shall bo ratified
by a majority of the votes of the registered electors
qualified as herein specified, cast at said election, at
least one half of all the registered voters voting upon
the question of such ratification, the president of the
convention shall transmit a copy of the same, duly
certified, to the President of the United States, who
shall forthwith transmit the same to Congress, i f then
in session, and if not in session, then immediately
upon its next assembling; and if it shall moreover
appear to Congress that the election was one at which
all the registered and qualified electors in the Stato
had an opportunity to vote freely and without re-
straint, fear, or the influence of fraud, and if tho
Congress shall be satisfied that such constitution
meets the approval of a majority of all the qualified
electors in the State, and if the said constitution shall
be declared by Congress to be in conformity with the
provisions of tho aetto which this is supplementary,
and the other provisions of said act shall have been
complied with, and the said constitution shall be
approved by Contrress, the State shall be declared
entitled to representation, and Senators and Repre-
sentatives shall bo admitted therefrom as therein
provided."
It will be seen that it is provided that if a
majority of the votes were given for the ratifi-
cation of the Constitution, and a majority of the
registered votes were cast upon the question of
ratification and certain other things are done,
the State then shall be declared entitled to rep-
resentation—Alabama could then with a show
of reason demand her admission. She could
have claimed to come in on a sort of moral, if
not a political right. But can we not grant her
admission by a relaxation of some of these con-
ditions if we please to do so? The conditions
are named upon which she should come in, but
there is no declaration that she might not come
in if the conditions should, some of them, re-
main unperformed. In annexing the condition
requiring the action of a majority of the regis-
tered voters Congress made no contract with
anybody, white or black, loyalists or rebels.
The question submitted was not so much what
kind of apolitical constitution Alabama should
have, as whether she should have any at all.
Thank Heaven, it was settled by the war and
the potent voice of the people that her consti-
tution should be a radically free one. That is a
foreclosed question. What, then, was the mean-
ing of the conditions annexed ? It was this :
Congress desired to be satisfied whether the
people of Alabama were strong enough to frame
and uphold a loyally reconstructed State. The
principal evidence of the fact was to be whether
the conditions of said section could be carried
out. Even if we had agreed with Alabama to
be conclusively satisfied with that amount of
evidence, have we not a perfect right to be sat-
isfied with less evidence under all tho circum-
stances which surrounded the election in that
State ? Nothing can be clearer than that Con-
gress would decide upon the political character
of the constitution for Alabama. The section
which I have read requires that it shall be in
conformity with the act of reconstruction and
that it shall be approved by Congress.
There can be no bad faith or want of author-
ity in our admission of this State. Then why
postpone action for a day? Is it an apprehen-
sion that the friends of the Government can-
not maintain the State upon the side of loy-
alty ? For one, Mr. Speaker, I am willing to
try the experiment. If there is a risk about
it I am ready and willing to meet it. Are we
not in as good condition to pursue the fight
now as we shall be in time to come? Are not
the patriotic people of Alabama as able to in-
augurate and maintain civil government now
as they can be the next week or the next year ?
Do they not need the hope and courage and
impetus which tho passage of this bill would
inspire? What say the rebels of that State?
Do not they believe that our friends could
maintain the government they are building up?
If not, why is every one of them as hostile as
death toward the new constitution ? VV hat
hopes and expectations can they have under
it when they have refused to vote, and used
murderous means to prevent others from voting
for its ratification ? Would not the success of
Alabama, like the leaven hidden in the meas-
ures of meal, work out good influences through
all the other seceding States ? Why should
the Democratic party so violently denounce
our mode of reconstructing this State, if, with
all their sagacity, they believed that, politically,
she could be turned immediately upside down
and her electoral vote be obtained for the Dem-
ocratic candidate? If we pause now for such
reasons when shall we dare to move again ?
When shall we attempt to give emphasis and
application to the words of Andrew Johnson,
that "loyal men, black or white, shall rule
America," a sentiment which has been echoed
and reechoed throughout the land.
I find this view, sir, sustained by the New
York Tribune in another phase, and in words
of a most direct and emphatic character; and
I invoke the sentiments of Horace Greeley, or
some one who writes in that paper as well as
he does,'when he says:
"We hold that the concerted proscription and ter-
rorism whereby the rebels of Alabama presented the
ratification of tha.t instrument by a majority vote
was a most culpable conspiracy, which should not be
allowed to prevail. Congress, in recoiling before
that conspiracy, concedes a virtual triumph to the
rebellion.'' * * ■* * "AVe venture to
suggest to the Republican majority that the country
is tired of agitation, turmoil, chaos, and longs forres-
•torationand peace. The rebels and their northern
allies want the South kept disorganized till after tho
presidential election. Their chief stock in traders
complaint that ten States remain unrepresented in
Congress, though they would keenly deplore their
being represented otherwise than by unchanged
rebels. It is the plain duty of Congress to divest
them of their pet grievance at the earliest possible
day. Every hour that a State remains unrepresented
is a damago to the Republican cause."
Mr. Speaker, we owe it to the black man to
admit Alabama. President Lincoln never ut-
tered nobler words than when he said : 11 We
have promised the colored men their rights;
and, by the help of God, that promise shall be
kept." It is needless to enumerate what the
colored man has done for our country. He
has prayed for and expected in return the
liberty of the citizen. Give him all else in the
States where slavery lately existed, andinsome
forms essentially continues to exist, and deny
him the right to vote, and you deny him his
liberty. If he does not obtain such a boon by
our indorsing the constitution of Alabama now,
in that State, at least, he may never obtain it.
The sooner he gets such a privilege the more
likely will he be to retain it. Tho longer he
has it, the harder it will be for rebels to wrest
it from his possession. If he can maintain
himself to-day, he will be stronger to-morrow.
The ballot is the symbol of freedom, and the
use of it in his hands will be the needle-gun
which will bring about a speedy political vic-
tory over the whole hosts of rebels and Demo-
crats combined.
Education will be constantly advancing him.
It makes a mighty difference whether education
of the race, as under this constitution, or their
subjection to ignorance, as under a slave con-
stitution, is enjoined by law. He hasthecapa-
city for self government. In spite of the decla-
ration of Democratic orators X will invoke the
belief and opinion of that man whom Democ-
racy has always canonized as a saint; I mean
Thomas Jefferson. He wrote a briet letter
which is valuable enough to read in lull:
Philadelphia, August 30,1791.
Sir : I thank you sinccrely for your letter of the
19th instant, and tor tho almanac it contained.
Nobody wishes more than I do to see siieh proof? as
you exhibit thatnature has given to our black breth-
ren talents equal to those of tho other colors of men,
and that the appearance of the want of them is owing
only to the degraded condition of their existence both
in Africa and America. X can add with truth, that
no one wishes more ardently to see a good |>'s'°m
commenced for raising the condition both ot their
body and mind to what it ought to be as fast as the
imbecility of their present existence, and other cir-
cumstances which cannot be neglected, iwll admit.
I have taken tho liberty of sending your almanac to
Monsieur do Condorcet. Secretary of the Academy ot
Sciences at Paris, and member of tne I hilaiithrnpic
Society, because I considered it a document towluoh
your whole color had a right for their justification
against the doubts which have been entertained
against them,
I am, with great esteem, sir, your most obedient
servant, THOMAS JEFFERSON.
Mr. Benjamin Bannekek, near Etticotl'e Lower
MiUstBaltimore county.
This Mr. Banneker lived at Ellieott's Mills,
in Maryland. He was a profound and scien-
tific scholar, although self-educated. John
II. B. Latrobe, Esq., in an interesting memoir
read in 1845 before the Maryland Historical
Society, says : "His father was a native Afri-
can, and his mother the child of natives of
Africa; so that to no admixture of the blood
of the white man was he indebted for his pecu-
liar and extraordinary abilities."
He compiled an almanac and sent it in manu-
cript to Jefferson. What a commentary is
this generous expression of the immortal author
of our Declaration of Independence upon the
bigotry and ignorance and prejudices of smaller
men 1
Mr. Speaker, let us extend to the southern
black man all political rights and privileges.
It will pour a new sunlight over that land. It
is just toward them ; it may be necessary for us,
and the very life of the nation. Then their
more perfect development, morally, socially,
and politically, will follow. Then will all classes
and colors be better off. Then other Bannekers
may be found among them; and now, while
the occasion offers, first of all, let us welcome
back Alabama.
I now yield the remainder of my time to the
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paixe.]
Mr. PAINE then addressed the House
against the ratification of the treaty for the
purchase of Alaska. [See Appendix.] At the
conclusion of his remarks Mr. Paii>e yielded
the remainder of the hour of Mr. Peters to
Mr. Wilson, of Iowa.
t"* amendment to judiciary act of 1789.
J Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I was
not in the House last Saturday when the some-
what remarkable debate occurred which was
reported in the Globe of last Monday. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Boxer]
speaking, as he said, for the minority of the
House, referred to an amendment which I
offered to a bill on the preceding Thursday,
denounced the whole proceeding as one which
involved not only sharp practice, but a fraud.
During that debate to a question propounded
to him by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Bx.aixe,] "the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[ilr. Boyer] replied as follows:
"The gentleman entirely misinterprets my lan«
guage when he says that X characterized this as ail
'illegal' transaction. I admit that whatever iraud
there may be in this case is not punishable at law. I
admit that the act, although passed as it has been,
cannot therefore be vitiated as an act ot legislation.
What I condemn particularly is not the illegality of
tho transaction, but the maimer in which the meas-
urc was foisted upon us?, and so made a law without
resistance and without debate. X say that such a pro-
ceeding was not consistent with the courage usually'
displayed bv the gentleman from Maine tMr. Blaine]
himself, and 1 will add by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr Schexck,] and the gentleman irom Iowa, [ilr.
Wnsov ] What is done in this llouseupon import-
ant matters like that should bo done courageously,
in a manly way, in open debate, with fair notice.
Your numbers surely are overwhelming enough.
Can vou not rely upon them without resorting to de-
vices of this description in your assaults upon the
judiciary of the country
Mr. Speaker, I cannot account for this lan-
guage or the general course of remarks indulged
in by the gentleman from Pennsylvania on
that occasion, except on the ground that lie was
smarting under the effects of his inattention to
the public business; for certainly there was not
involved in the transaction, so far as I was
concerned, anything which would afford just
ground for any such charge or complaint as
this.
Before I proceed further I will state the facts
involved in my connection with the adoption
of the amendment complained of and the pas-
sage of that bill. My attention had been called
to the bill by one of the revenue officers m
New York city, he suggesting it was important
that bill should pass. I examined it. 1 saw
it was a bill relating to the judiciary, an ou
Thursday morning, knowing an amendment
\/
