4108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to some extent misled. Those at that time rep-
resenting Oregon here, in whom we confided,
in whom all the Senators confided, represented
that it was a proper thing to be done ; that it
would not result in any damage to the Indians,
and was absolutely necessary for the promo-
tion of the welfare of the settlement immedi-
ately behind this reservation, in order that the
people might have access to the navigable
waters of the coast. It turns out now that
some of these Indians are dissatisfied, and for
the purpose of satisfying them it is proposed to
give them remuneration for some little prop-
erty which they had in thatpart of the so-called
reservation on which they at the time resided.
It may have been a blunder; but if so, it was
committed without any intention to wrong the
Indians.
Mr. HOWE. I am bound to take notice of
the introduction of two new facts that were not
within my knowledge when I before spolie
upon this question. One is that this treaty was
not ratified. I did not understand that part
of the statement before. I supposed this was
set apart to them by a contract executed be-
tween them on the one side and the Govern-
ment on the other.
Mr. CORBETT. They removed and gave
up other lands, and the Government has been
keeping them there by annual appropriations.
Mr. HOWE. The other fact is that the
Senator from Iowa had anything to do with this
provision. Of course I do not conceive that
the Government owes him a halter or anything
of the kind by any manner of means ; but I am
not any better satisfied with this way of deal-
ing with the Indians than I was before I knew
that the treaty was not ratified, or than I was
before I knew that the Senator from Iowa had
a hand in it. If this treaty was not ratified
that was a wrong. The Indians were placed
on this reservation, and they abandoned to
the Government whatever they occupied before
that time. I suppose that is not disputed.
They gave up whatever we bargained for, and
this reservation was the equivalent for that
which they had surrendered. Now, without
consulting the taste of the Indians or their
wishes at all, the Executive withdraws from
their occupation a portion of that reservation,
throws it open to settlement; and now, with-
out consulting the Indians, it is proposed to
pay them off by an appropriation in this bill.
The Senator from Oregon a short time ago
told us the extent to which these Indians were
civilized, what schools they had there, what
farms they had there, how industry is devel-
oped, how education is promoted-among them,
how they figure on the blackboard, how they
repeat history, how they even state prophecy.
I believe political prophecy, if no other. Sir,
it is not the right way to treat Indian tribes to
send ministers and schoolmasters to them with
one hand and to take their reservations away
from them with the other.
Mr. HARLAN. I inquire whether the Sen-
ator thinks the sum is too small ? If he does
I am willing to see it raised.
Mr. HOWE. I think it is too small or too
large or I do not care which it is. The point
ib that you have no right to mention a sum at
all until you know what will satisfy them. You
ought to have obtained it by purchase from
them. How can I tell whether it is too large
or too small ? The Senator from Oregon says
that they asked $10,000, and he thinks he is
doing a handsome thing by cutting them down
to $6,000.
Mr. CORBETT. I asked $10,000. I thought
that was nothing more than reasonable ; but
as there appears to be so much opposition to
Indian bills I thought the Senator might object
or some other Senator might to an appropria-
tion of $10,000, and so I cut ltdown to $6,000. I
find it very difficult even to get the Sp6,000 here.
Mr. 110 WE. I think the Indians will find more
difficulty than the Senator does in getting it.
f Laughter.] That is my impression about it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like to
ask the Senator from Oregon what became of
these Indians ?
Mr. CORBETT. They have gone back to
the interior of the reservation with no money
to build them houses and no money to buy
medicine for their sick, with no money to buy
agricultural implements with; and they are
gettingalong, subsisting as best they can. They
are at work raising potatoes, digging with the
hoe. It is a very good soil there. If they can
have a few cattle and a few agricultural imple-
ments to start with, it will satisfy them and
they can get a living in the interior of the
reservation by farming.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Do I under-
stand the Senator to say that citizens of Oregon
went in and took their possessions, their houses
and lands, and occupied them ?
Mr. CORBETT. After the Government
opened the land by executive proclamation a
tract of land twenty-five miles wide was thrown
open, the Indians were removed, and people
went in and took possession of that country
which the Indians had occupied as a fishing
ground.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Who took pos-
session?
Mr. CORBETT. The whites did.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. By force?
Mr. CORBETT. The treaty had never been
ratified and the Indians were removed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Do 1 under-
stand the Senator to say the citizens of Oregon
drove these Indians by force of arms out of
their possessions ?
Mr. CORBETT. Yes, sir; and of Cali-
fornia.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. And the Sena-
tor comes now and asks that the Government
of the United States shall indemnify the In-
dians for the losses created by taking from
them their possession, by force of arms, by the
people of Oregon and of California. That is
rather a strong proposition.
Mr. CONNESS. lobjecttothisstigmabeing
put on my State. These oysters were evi-
dently stolen by Oregonians, and I want it to
stand in that way.
Mr. CORBETT. You will find them in San
Francisco, in Front street, at Phiiips's.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirteen
hundred and forty-seven, to increase from
$2,000 to S3,000 the appropriation for ninth
of twenty installments for the purchase of
mill fixtures, tools, medicines, &c., for the
Walla Walla, Cayuse, and Umatilla tribes.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirteen
hundred and fifty-three, to increase from ยง8,000
to ยง11,200 the appropriation for ninth of
twenty installments for pay and subsistence of
one superintendent of farming operations, one
farmer, two millers, &c., for the Walla Walla,
Cayuse, and Umatilla tribes.
The amfendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirteen
hundred and eighty-six, to increase from $800
to ยง500 the appropriation for ninth of twenty
installments for support of schools, books,
stationery, &c., for the Yakamas.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirteen
hundred and ninety, to increase from $1,600
to $3,200 the appropriation for ninth of tsventy
installments for the employment of one superin-
tendent of teaching and two teachers for the
Yakamas.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirteen
hundred and ninety-six, to increase from $8,000
to $11,400 the appropriation for ninth of
twenty installments for the employment ofoue
superintendent of farming operations, two
farmers, two millers, &c., for the Yakamas.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fourteen
hundred and six, to strike out "$300" and
insert " $600."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fourteen
hundred and nine, to strike put "$300" and
insert 1 ^ 
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fourteen
hundred and thirty-six, to strike out " thirty-
five" and insert "seventy;" so as to make the
clause read:
For tbe general incidental expenses of the Indian
in thft Territory of Arizona, presents of goods,
r/rSral impfemSts, and other useful articles
and to assist them to locate in permanent abode-, and
sustain themselves "by f the^Secretaw
to be expended under the direction of the secretary
of the Interior, $70,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fourteen
hundred and forty-one, to increase from ยง,>,000
to $7,500 the appropriation for general inci-
dental expenses of the Indian service in Cali-
fornia.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines fourteen
hundred and forty-eight and fourteen hundred
and forty-nine, to increase from $20,000 to
$25,000 the appropriation for the general in-
cidental expenses of the Indian service in
Colorado Territory.
The amendment was agreed to. ^
The next amendment was in line fourteen
hundred and sixty-four, to increase from $15,000
to $20,000 the appropriation for the general
incidental expenses of the Indian service in
Idaho Territory.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
fourteen hundred and sixty-four:
For amount found due to the United States, on
the settlement of accounts of Caleb Lyon, late (gov-
ernor, &o.. of Idaho, claimed by hiin to nave been
stolon, $46,418 40.
Mr. CONNESS. Let us hear something
about that.
Mr. CORBETT. I know something about
it. This amount of money is due to the Nez
Perce Indians, and it has been withheld from
them two or three years, in consequence of the
shortcomings of one of the superintendents
appointed for Idaho. Governor Lyon took the
money, and returning here after his removal,
he attempted to bring it back ; and he is said
to have lost it on the way. He claims that it
was stolen from him. These Indians are now
here, and have come here to know the reason
why their treaty stipulations have not been
lived up to. It is in consequence of this money
having been stolen. There are many improve-
ments, schools, and other things, that were
promised to them which they have not obtained,
and the young men of the tribe are becom-
ing very much dissatisfied. The head chief,
Sawyer, has always been loyal to the white
people, and has fought for the whites in that
country during the Indian wars, and furnished
horses and men to fight the Snakes and other
Indian tribes. When Governor Stevens went
through that country, and it was supposed he
would be cutoff, Lawyer sent a messenger with
horses to bring him through.
These Indians make it a matter of pride that
they never have shed the blood of a white
man, although many of theirlndianshave been
killed, some ten or a dozen. They have always
been very friendly, and the people there have
the strongest feeling of friendship for the tribe.
It is one of the most capable tribes on the
Pacific coast. Lawyer is a man of consider-
able intelligence. He talks English. Certainly
this money should be paid to the Indians.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to have the
Senator state to the Senate some of the facts
and circumstances connected with the original
loss of this money. It is an easy thing to take
out of the Treasury any amount of money for
the second time I suppose, but I should like
to hear what the committee know, what they
have ascertained in regard to the loss, where
the money was lost, how it was lost, and what
were the circumstances.
Mr. HENDERSON. We appointed Caleb
Lyon Governor of the Territory of Idaho, and
of course he was ex-officio superintendent of
Indian Affairs. We put into his hands this
