3084
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12;
involving no circumlocution, the markets of
the world are open to him. He may go with
just such coin-bearing securities as he sees fit
to issue, with interest not exceeding six per
cent., nor running for more than forty years,
and negotiate at the lowest rate of interest,
and so far as the plighted faith of the Govern-
ment does not stand in the way, do the very
thing ol'which we talk so m-uch, namely, fund
the national debt at lower rates of interest.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to "ask the
Senator a question. As I understand, he
accepts the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, as modified.
Mr. CONKLING, No, sir ; I beg your
pardon.
Mr. MORTON. Iso understood the Senator.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg pardon of my
honorable friend; he misuuderstood me. I
only remarked that the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts, as modified, was
an inflation to the amount of five millions, and
would work a substitution of national bank cur-
rency for " greenbacks" to the amount which
is specified in the amendment.
I wish to make another observation on the
general question. If it be true that six per
cent, coin-bearingbonds are the best securities
for the Government which can be negotiated
now, nothing that Congress can do, without
repudiation, or, indeed, with • repudiation,
would cure the evil of high interest, because
the-laws of trade, I think, would prove supe-
rior to the laws of Congress. Therefore, in
order to suppose that there could be utility in
legislation in the direction of funding the public
debt at lower rates, you must assume that the
Government could do better than to pay six
per cent, in coin, or eight per cent, in cur-
rency, which it amounts to, and still moie
when you take into account exemption from
taxation.
Taking, then, this hypothesis as the only
one which utilizes the question at all, I submit
that it is too clear to be questioned that the
existing statute makes the Secretary of the
Treasury absolute master of the position. If
there be anything in the direction of such power
which is not clear upon the face of these acts,
1 am unable to imagine it. While I have no
wish to preach a crusade against the Secretary
of the Treasury, or to attack him, or act as his
keeper, I feel unwilling, as the humblest mem-
ber of this body, that the assertion should go
unchallenged, that upon us rests the responsi-
bility of withholding legislation by the aid of
which the Government would be able to cease
paying eight per cent, interest in currency
or six per cent, in coin, and fund the debt
at three, or three sixty-five, or four per cent.,
as the case may be. It is only to absolve
myself, and, as far as I am permitted to speak
for others, to absolve them from responsibiaty,
that i have called attention to existing statutes.
From these statutes all may see whether it be
true that but for the default of Congress we
should borrow money more cheaply, orputout
securities bearing a lower rate of interest.
Here 1 leave the subject.
Mi-. SHERMAN. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from New York has gone outside of the
merits of the proposition before us, and, as_ I
stated before, it is my desire to keep the dis-
cussion as far as possible to the particular prop-
osition before the Senate. I shall only make
a few remarks in reply to him, and not follow
him into a very dangerous and dubious field
of discussion. There is a great deal of feeling
in the country as to the responsibility forafact
which I think is discreditable to the United
States. While money can be borrowed by any
private individual citizen ongood securities for
three or lour percent, we are nowpaying eight
and forty hundredths per cent, for money.
The United States, the most powerful Repub-
lic. in the world, is paying more for money than
any other nation of the first rank. I think it
is lime that this should cease. The responsi-
bility tor that fact is not for me to determine.
One thing 1 can safely affirm, that I am not
responsible for delay in acting upon this sub-
ject, for I have over and over again attempted
to secure the action of the Senate upon meas-
ures tending to reduce the rate of interest on
the public debt, but I bow to the manifest will
of the Senate not to take up this question at
this session. Therefore I will not discuss it.
I ought, however, to say, in justice to the
Secretary of the Treasury, for I am not here
as his defender, that the Secretary would
naturally hesitate about assuming a responsi-
bility which Congress have not been willing
to take. The Senator from New York is cor-
rect in his construction of the law. I have
carefully studied the loan laws, and I believe
that the Secretary of the Treasury has the power
under existing law, especially under the act of
April 12, 1800, to issue any class of bonds
authorized during the war. I am sorry indeed
that such a power was conferred upon him.
It never was done with my consent. Congress
ought to prescribe the mode and manner and
form, and the limitations of every loan that is
made ; especially since the uncertainty of war
is over. We might prescribe many provisions
that would aid him very much to fund the
public debt and reduce its burdens. For neg-
lecting to do this, Congress is responsible. It
is a very doubtful thing whether he ought to
assume to exercise the power of issuing a new
class of bonds after the subject has been so
much discussed and has not been acted upon
in Congress. He can now issue, and I think,
negotiate at par, a five per cent, bond, princi-
pal and interest payable incoin. redeemable in
ten, twenty, or thirty years, and perhaps sell it
at a premium. Ceitainly he should never issue
a six percent, bond while the state of the money
market enables him to borrow money at a
cheaper rate. But he might very well hesi-
tate in assuming to issue a new class of bonds
when Congress hesitates and doubts in regard
to the terms.
Mr. CONKLING. If the honorable Senator'
will allow mo, I do notunderstand the remark
which he makes and repeats. He says the
Secretary might be excused from this when we
ourselves refuse to take the responsibility. I
beg to inquire of the honorable Senator how
he can say that, if it be true that we have taken
the responsibility of conferring upon the Sec-
retary expressly this power most amply and
fully? The Senator agrees with me in think-
ing that we have. How, then, can he say that
we do not take or have not taken the respon-
sibility ? Surely we cannot take the responsi-
bility of administering the Department or
determining how much on a certain day it. is
possible for him to do in the way of changing
the rate of interest; but everything else, it
seems to me, we have done.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Secretary has the
undoubted power to issue any kind of specie-
bearing bond bearing an interest not exceed-
ing six per cent., and any currency bond bear-
ing interest not exceeding seven and three
tenths per cent; but the Secretary would have
to decide many questions before he could issue
any bond whatever. Shall the interest be six
percent.? Shall it be five percent.? Shall
it be four and a half per cent,. ? Shall it be
four per cent. ? Shall it be three per cent.?
We refuse to decide that question. He would
have to decide it before issuing a single bond.
Shall the principal of the bond be paid in gold
and the interest be paid in gold? Shall the
bonds be taxable, and to what extent? We
will not decide these questions, and you can-
not get a decision of any of these questions in
this Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. We have decided it in
this statute.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; you have said
to him in that' statute, "You may issue any
kind of bond ; you may take the responsibil-
ity ; but, we are all at sea about what kind of
a bond you ought to issue ; but if you do not !
issue such a kind of bond as we think you J
ought, we will attack you." That is the posi-
tion in which that statute places the Secretary
of the Treasury.
Mr. CONKL1NG. I do not think so.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it is. Now, Mr.'
President, there are many other points——
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
from Ohio ought to add one other tiring in'
justification of the Secretary of the Treasury,
and that is, that nobody gets bonds paying six
per cent, interest in gold without'paying more
than one hundred cents on the dollar foi?
them.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ought to say also that
the body of the bonds—I think nearly all the
six per cent, bonds—that are now being issued
are issued in pursuance of the plain provisions
of the law in regard to seven-thirty notes. I
cannot say now whether any have been issued
beyond the amount used in the redemption of
the seven-thirties.
Mr. EDMUNDS and Mr. WILSON. Not
a cent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am glad to hear that,
because, I should think it almost a crime for
the Secretary of the Treasury now to issue a
six per cent, bond to pay a currency obliga-
tion.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to make an inquiry?
Mr. SHliRMAN. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. If that be so, if no bonds
are issued except for the purpose of fulfilling
this option given to the holders of the seven-
thirties, how could any legislation of ours aid
the matter?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will answer that. The
Secretary of the Treasury has been able to
redeem the floating indebtedness, together with
the compound-interest notes, mainly by sur-
plus revenue. That resource is exhausted by
the reduction of taxes, and he will undoubt-
edly have to issue new bonds for the debts
now maturing. He will be obliged to take the
responsibility of determining the direct ques-
tion which you yourselves hesitate about; and
that is, what kind of bonds shall be issued ?
IIow much interest shall be paid, &c.? It is
manifest now from the state of the money
market that the United States could go into
the markets of the world with a twenty or
thirty years' five per cent, bond and redeem
the present matured six per cent, five-twen-
ties. It is probable that a five per cent,
bond payable twenty years after date would
sell at a higher rate in gold than ourfive-twen-
ties now do. That is the opinion of many
eminent financiers, and I think it is correct. ^
Ovor five hundred million dollars of the pres-
ent five-twenties are payable at any moment at
our pleasure. The only question is whether
they are payable in paper or in gold. Pending
thatquestion, which we neglect to decide, pend-
ing that doubt, 'bonds running the long period
of twenty or thirty years at a lower rate of
interest would induce thousands of people, not
only in this country, but in Europe, to take
new five per cent, bonds in exchange for their
six per cents. There are now many trustees
all over this country, in every State of the
Union who desire a five per cent, bond in
exchange for those now payable. If the Sen-
ator will only think of the number of com-
panies that are based upon trust estates, and
who would gladly accept a long bond, running
ten, twenty, or thirty years, in exchange for
the bond that is now payable, he will see that
the demand in this country alone will absorb
a large, number of these bonds.
Mr. CONKLING. Then why are not the
bonds issued for the purpose ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Simply because, I sup-
pose, the Secretary does not want, to decide the
very question which Congress has refused to
decide ; that is, the character of that bond
and what interest it ought to bear. But I will
not debate that question.
Mr. POMEROY. There is nothing in this
bill about bonds.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is true, and I oughl
not probably to have gone so far into the
debate on that subject.
Mr. FESSENDBN. If the Senator will
allow me, I will suggest what is the probable
answer; and that is, we have gone upon a reg-
