1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4109
money; he got the money in the Territory ; it
was placed in his hands for a specific purpose;
but he returned from the Territory without
having made the expenditure and he claims to
have lost the money between New York city
aud this town.
Mr. CONNESS. Then he brought the
money back with him.
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly. Surely he
did not make the expenditure of the money
in (he Territory. He did not expend the
money for the purpose enjoined on him at the.
time the money was placed in his hands. I his
is a proposition to reappropriate this amount
of money for the benefit ot the Indians.
Mr. CONNESS. Have no steps been taken
to investigate the matter?
Mr. HENDERSON. I understand that the
Denartment have taken steps, but whether they
will get the money out of the securities or not
is another question. The case before the Sen-
ate is this: money was placed by the Govern-
ment in the hands of this man; it is an ad-
mitted fact that oar agent, whom we appointed
ourselves, and in whose hands we placedthe
money, has lost the money, and the Indians
have not got the benefit of it. It is true, as
the Senator from Oregon says, that the Indians
are complaining, and bitterly complaining,
of this alleged theft on the part of our agent.
I do not know whether he took the money or
not, or whether it was actually stolen from
him ; but the question is whether we shall re-
appropriate the money for the benefit of the
Indians. If the Senate think we ought not to
do it, of course they will vote down the prop-
osition. We appropriated the money, and
put in the hands of Governor Lyon, but it was
never applied to the purpose for which we
intended it. He claims that it was stolen from
him ; others claim that he stole the money him-
self. How that is I do not know. This is a
proposition to reappropriate the money and
place it in the hands of another agent. A part
of the money belonged to the Nez Perce.
Eighteen thousand six hundred and thirty-one
dollars belonged to the Nez Perce, and some
to the Flatlieads and Yakamas, and othertribes
of Idaho. It is a simple proposition to re-
appropriate the money for the benefit of the
Indians.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to call the attention
of the Senator from Missouri to the form in
which this amendment is proposed. It does
not appropriate any money to any tribe of
Indians, but it appropriates for an amount
found due to the United States, $46,000. I
understand that Mr. Caleb Lyon did lose some
money placed in his hands for trust purposes.
I never understood for what purpose. It is
part of the history of this transaction that he
had a claim pending before the Committee on
Claims for this amount, and the committee
reported against allowing the claim. The Sen-
ator from California [Mr. Cole] is more famil-
iar with it than 1 am. He wanted us to appro-
priate or to give him credit for this same
amount of money. As I understand the Sen-
ator from Missouri this money was due to sev-
eral different tribes. If so, it seems to me it
should be appropriated to those several tribes,
but this amendment is appropriating money
because money is due to us, not due to other
folks. It is appropriating $40,000 because
Caleb Lyon owes the United States $46,000.
The language is:
For amount due to the United States on the set-
tlement of accounts of Caleb Lyon, <fcc.
Mr. HENDERSON. By looking at the
estimates the Senator will see that I have
adopted the language there used. The Sena-
tor's comments are perfectly correct, and I will
remedy the difficulty. I copied the language
of the Department. I move to amend the
amendment by adding "to be appropriated to
the Indians to whom the funds in the hands of
said Lyon belonged at the time of the loss."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. It will be impossible
to close this bill before the dinner hour; in fact,
I suppose it will take us two or three hours
longer. I therefore now submit a motion that
at five o'clock to-day the Senate take a recess
until half past seven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
The reading of the amendments of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs was resumed.
The next amendment was in line fourteen
hundred and seventy-one, to increase from
$15,000 to $20,000 the appropriation for the
general incidental expenses of the Indian ser-
vice in Montana Territory.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
fourteen hundred and seventy-one:
For the purchase of a grist and saw mill, to be
erected for the use of Flathead agency, &e., $10,000.
Mr. HARLAN. I think the phraseology of
that amendment ought to be changed so as to
read "for the use of the Indians of the Flat-
head agency," and the words "and so forth"
should be stricken out. I move so to amend it.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fourteen
hundred and seventy-eight, to increase the ap-
propriation for the general incidental expenses
of the Indian service in Nevada from $20,000
to $25,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fourteen
hundred and eighty-five, to increase the appro-
priation for general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in New Mexico from $30,000
to $50,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fourteen
hundred and ninety-two, to increase the appro-
priation for general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Oregon and Washington Ter-
ritory from $25,000 to $35,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fourteen
hundred and ninety-nine, to increase from
$15,000 to $25,000 the appropriation for gen-
eral incidental expenses of the Indian service
in Utah.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fifteen
hundred and three, to strike out "ten" and
insert "twenty;" so as to make the clause
read:
For the transportation and necessary expenses of
delivery of provisions to the Indians within the
Utah superintendence', $20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fifteen
hundred and seventeen, to strike out£ * S11 -000'5
and insert $22,825;" so as to make the
clause read:
Miscellaneous: ,
For the expenses of colonizing, supporting, and
furnishing agricultural implements and stock, pay
of neeussaiy employes, purchasing clothing, medi-
cine iron and steel, maintenance of schools tor in-
dian's lately res.ding in Texas, but now residing on
the Choctaw tea ohold, to be expended under direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior, S22,82 .
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fifteen hun-
dred and twenty-four, to strike out ■■ ^15,000 '
• and insert " $37,800 ; so as to make the clause
j read ■.
For the Wiohitis and other affiliated bands:
Tor the expenses of colonizinsr, supporting, and
' furnishing said bands with agricultural implements
i and stock, pay of necessary employes, purchase ot
! clothing, mcdicincs, iron and steel and maintenance
! of schools, to be expended under the direction ot the
Secretary of the Interior, $3i,800.
j The amendment was agreed to.
! The next amendment was in line fifteen hun-
i dredand thirty, to insert after " carpenter_
! t.lie words " and one teacher;" to strike outm
! lines fifteen hundred and thirty-one and fifteen
hundred and thirty-two, after •'Calforma. the
words "at the rate of fifty dollars per month;
to strike out in lines fifteen hundred and thirty-
two and fifteen hundred and thirty-three, after
the word "and," the words "for the pay of
one school teacher upon each" and insert
" one herdsman, one miller, and one clerk
upon each of the Bound Valley and Hoopa
Valley;'' and in lines fifteen hundred and thirty-
three and fifteen hundred and thirty-four, to
strikeout after the word "reservations" the
words " at the rate of seventy-five dollars per
month, $15,600," and insert " $25,920so
as to make the clause read :
For pay of one physician, one blacksmith, one as-
sistant blacksmith, one farmer, one carpenter, and
one teacher upon each of the four reservations of
California, and one herdsman, one miller, and one
clerk upon each of the Round Valley and Hoopa
Valley reservations, $25,920.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
fifteen hundred and thirty-four:
For the purchase of a grist and saw mill, Round
Valley reservation, California, $5,000.
For the purchase of the Tule river Indian farm,
$12,800.
For expense of removal and subsistence of Indians,
not parties to any treaty, in Oregon and Washington
Territories, and for pay of necessary etnploySs,$60,000.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary to pay the indebtedness incurred for the
Indian service in California, in the years 1860,1861,
1862,1863,1864,1865, 1866, and 1867, 450,000.
For surveying Indian reserves under treaty stipu-
lations, $60,546.
Mr. HENDERSON. Let the items for a
deficiency in the Indian service in California
in 1860, 1861, 1862, 1863, 1864, 1865, 1866,
and 1867, be stricken out. We do not intend
to have it in this bill. It is clearly a de-
ficiency.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment will be so modified.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out fines
fifteen hundred and forty, fifteen hundred and
forty-one, fifteen hundred and_ forty-two, and
fifteen hundred and forty-three, in these words:
For subsistence for the Navajo Indians, and for
the purchase of sheep, seeds, agricultural imple-
ments, and other articles necessary for breaking
ground on the reservation upon the Pecos river.
$100,000.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
For amount of deficiencies expended jn subsisting
the Navajoes at the Bosque Eedondo, from the zlst
of February, 1868, up to the time of making their
late treaty, agreeing to remove to their old homes,
$120,000. „ , „T .
For cost of removal of the Navajoes from the
Bosque Redondo to their old home, and for sheep,
cattle, and corn, as provided for in article twelve of
the new treaty, $150,000, or so much thereof as may
be needed.
For annuity goods, not exceeding five dollars per
head, as provided in article eight of the new treaty,
^For^seeds, farming implements, work, cattle, and
other stock, provided for in article seven of said
treaty, $200,000.
For constructing warehouse, as per article three,
For constructing agency building, $3,000.
For constructing blacksmith and carpentcr shop,
QQQ
v j?or constructing school-house, $5,000.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will state for the
information of the Senate that this large appro-
priation is proposed in consequence of letters
of General Sherman and the peace commis-
sioners who have recently made a treaty with
these Indians. They have removed them back
from the Bosque Redondo to their old homes.
It is unnecessary to have the correspondence
read. I have put down the items to the lowest
possible figure. The treaty has been made,
and they have been returned back. General
Sherman says he feels satisfied that this is
the last appropriation of any consequence that
will be required except the regular annuities.
It ought to be remembered that the War De-
partment for the last four or five years has
been paying for these Indians from tbree quar-
ters of a million to a million dollars annually.
Mr. HOWE. The treaty has not been rati-
fied, I believe. . .
Mr. HENDERSON. No, sir; it is now
pending; but the military have removed the
^Mr.^CONNESS. I should like to know
how these deficiencies occur. The f
is said there to be $120,000. , Whoas to-msh
:.1(r t},p Qurmiies? How has the business Deea
carried on ? Who are the parties furnishing
