1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2061
House had no previous notice. That was all
that I or any other member of the House, had
any right to complain of. If there was no such
previous understanding, then, of course, much
that I objected to was unfounded. But that
was the point on this side of the House, that
we were entrapped by a previous understand-
ing of some sort of which we had no knowledge.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will now rec-
ognize the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wil-
son] as entitled to the floor for one hour.
Mr. ELI)RIDGE. Will the gentleman from
Iowa yield to me for a question ?
Mr. WILSON. I desire first to answer the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Niblack:.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think the gentleman
can reply to both of us at the same time.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Very well.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to say that just
before this bill came up, I was called to the
door by a gentleman who had sent his card in
to me. I was at the door when unanimous con-
sent was given to the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] to have this bill taken up from
the Speaker's table. I came into the House
just as the last words of the amendment, as I
supposed, were being read. It struck my ear
as something differing from the proposition
which I heard. As I came in and took my seat
I was asked if the amendment proposed by the
gentleman from Iowa was a matter reported
from the Judiciary Committee, and not recog-
nizing it as anything we had considered in com-
mittee I at once called upon my colleague on
the committee [Mr. Marshall] to know if it
came from the committee. He said he knew
nothing of it. I then went to the Clerk's desk
to read the amendment; but about the time I
reached the desk the Speaker announced that
the measure had passed.
I did not at that time suppose it was any-
thing extraordinary, and as was remarked by
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Niblack] the
first that led me to suppose we had been en-
trapped or tricked in the matter was a remark
made to me by gentlemen of the House.
The Speaker himself, about the time we
adjourned, came to my desk and wondered
that no one had discovered what that measure
was, as no one had made or insisted upon any
objection. These remarks have been made to
me repeatedly since by gentlemen of the House
who said that they understood the matter. I
remember one gentleman from Indiana saying
to me—and I suppose he was not speaking to
me privately—that he understood precisely
what was to be done ; that if the bill of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] was al-
lowed to come before the House the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Wilsox] intended to move his
amendment. It was from these remarks that
I became satisfied—and I must say the impres-
sion still remains upon my mind—that gentle-
men on the oilier side of the House had ar-
ranged to adopt the measure in the manner in
which it passed the House.
I now wish the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Wilson] to state—and I certainly shall be
satisfied with his statement—whether there was
not an understanding by certain members of
the House that in case the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sceexck] should get unanimous
consent to take up his bill that amendment
was to be moved, and whether it was not
drawn in such language as not to inform the
House by its terms and without reference to
the section of the statute it was intended to
repeal of the nature and character of the
amendment.
Mr. WILSON, oflowa. Mr. Speaker, Ihave
nothing to disguise in this matter. When the
charge was made, at least impliedly, that I had
entered into an arrangement with the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Schbsck] that he should
disarm the House of any suspicion of what
might be coming, in order to get that bill before
the House so that I might offer that amend-
ment, I said, as I say now, that it was en-
tirely without foundation. I had no interview
with the gentleman from Ohio on the subject
of the preparation of the amendment, nor did
he see it, nor did I know that he was aware of
what the amendment was to be. If he was it
certainly came from nothing said by me to him
or by him to me. I am free to say that Iliad the
amendment prepared for the purpose of putting
it on to that particular bill as an additional
section, and in pursuance of that purpose I in-
quired of the Speaker, as I have already stated,
whether there would be a morning hour on
Thursday, intending, if such should be the case,
immediately upon the expiration of the morn-
ing hour, to move to proceed to business on
the Speaker's table for the purpose of taking
up that bill. I had resolved to make that mo-
tion in order that I might attach to the bill the
then prepared amendment as an additional sec-
tion. And it- was for the express purpose, so
far as I was concerned, of taking away the
jurisdiction of the Supreme Court in the cases
that are affected by the amendment—of repeal-
ing the very power which we conferred upon
that Court about a year ago. I have no dis-
guise about that. That was my purpose.
But how the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] came to move in the matter at that
time I do not know. It was proper for him to
take charge of the-bill. The bill having origi-
nated with the Committee on Finance in the
Senate, the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means in the House very properly
assumed jurisdiction of it. I learned that he
proposed to ask to take it from the Speaker's !
table, and I was resolved not to permit the op- j
portunity afforded by its consideration to pass j
without offering that amendment whenever that j
bill should come before the House. But, sir,
had not the gentleman from Ohio interfered i
with my purpose, in about twenty minutes after
he made that motion, the morning hour would
have expired.
Mr. BOYER. I would like to inquire if the
gentleman from Iowa heard the remark made
by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Suiiexck]
introductory to that bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. 1 certainly did;
and the statement of the gentleman from Ohio
was entirely correct, so far as I now remember
it. As I remarked, within twenty minutes
after the motion was made the morning hour
would have expired, when I should have moved
at once to proceed to business on the Speaker's
table. Now, it is very well understood by
every member that that is a motion of very
high privilege.
"Itis an invariable practice io permit a member
on the expiration of the morning hour to take the
floor, even though another may have occupied it, to
make a motion to proeced to business on the Speak-
er's table." House, j>. 30.)
Under that rule, by a vote of the majority, I
had expected to reach that bill and offer that
amendment.
Now. sir, I will say further, in order that
there might not be any misunderstanding about
the matter, after I had made known to the
Speaker my purpose to make that motion, I
did say to very many gentlemen on this side
of the House that I intended to make it, and
that I would also offer that amendment to the
bill. I have no concealment to practice about
that.
Mr. WOODWARD. Will the gentlemen
yield for a question?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Yes, sir.
Mr. WOODWARD. I wish to inquire of
the gentleman whether, in his legal judgment,
the effect of that bill was to take away the
jurisdiction of the Supreme Court in the Mc-
Cardle case V
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Yes, sir ; I thiuk
it would be.
Mr. WOODWARD. One further question.
Was it not your intention in offering that
amendment to take away the jurisdiction in
that case ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Most assuredly it
was my intention to take away the jurisdiction
given by the act of 18G7 reaching the McCardle
case, or any other ease depending on the pro-
visions of that act affected by the amendment.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I would
like to inquire whether the gentleman had any
other specific intention than to reach the Mc-
Cardle case?
Mr. WILSON, oflowa. My specific inten-
tion was to reach that case and all other cases
in which the jurisdiction might depend upon
that provision of the statute.
And now, inasmuch as the gentlemen have
themselves introduced the McCardle case, let
me see whether it was a very improper thing
to be done, considering the kind of man he is.
In the first place I may say that, in my judgment,
the court is mistaken in its construction of that
act; but they have construed it so as to take
jurisdiction, and there we must be content to
rest as to that case if it should be decided
before the repealing amendment becomes a
part of the law. I hold in my hand the Yicka-
burg Daily Times, a paper of which the said
McCardle is the editor ; and, sir, during the
very time that he and his attorneys were press-
ing the Supremo Court to advance his case on
the docket, on the ground that his rights and
liberties were being interfered with, in a num-
ber of his paper, bearing date January 21,1868,
I find an editorial article from which I will
read an extract. Speaking of the constitu-
tional convention then in session in the State
of Mississippi, and of the ordinance for the col-
lection of taxes in order to pay the expenses
of the same, he says :
"There h not a man who will pay any tax imposed
hy this convention, and if their tax collectors under-
take to enforce collection, by seizing and selling the
property of the people, they will be shot down like
dogs, as they are I They will deserve to be shot, and
we advise every man to resist the payment of such a
tax by all the means God has given him. Xho My-
gatts andOrrs.thellausersand Gibbs, the A] dor sons,
and all the other scavengers may make a note of it.
The people of Mississippi are in no humor to be
trifled with. They know that Ord's convention has
no power or authority to tax them, and they are de-
termined not to be robbed ! The men who attempt
it will certainly get hurt, lor they will bo treated as
all robbers and highwaymen deserve to be treated._
"The insolence and villany of this convention is
boundless. The adventurers Irom abroad, the rene-
gades of home production, and the negroes assem-
bled with them seem to thmk that they are the
masters of the people, and that they can rob them at
pleasure. We advise a little caution. There are
some thing? thatilesh and blood will not bear. Let
them go on and concoct their villany; let them mako
their constitution " so callcd," and when it is com-
pleted the people—tnereal people—not the omnibus
full of vagrants and vagabonds, called Radicals—will
rise in their might and trample this constitution
under their leet. Decent negioes even will not voto
for it 1"
This was published on the 21st day of Janu-
ary, 1880, and at the very time McCardle's
counsel were pressing the advancement of this
case on the docket. And now, because, in
strict accordance with the rule of this House,
myself not being entitled even to the floor to
enter upon any discussion except by consent,
I offered the amendment which may or may
not (that is a question of time) result in de-
priving the Supreme Court of jurisdiction
in that man's case, we are told that we have
been practicing a great wrong upon the rights
of a man who uses his press for the purpose
of obstructing the laws of the .land, a man
who calls upon the people of the State of Mis-
sissippi to shoot down the agents of the law ;
to " shoot them down like dogs, as they are."
Because, in the exercise of our just powers,
this man may be interfered with in some re-
spects, we find the minority of this House
raising a hue and ciy, as though some great
outrage had been perpetrated.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I wish to
put an inquiry to the gentleman from Iowa,
who is, I believe, in the habit, at all events, of
thinking in regard to himself, as I do of myself,
that he means to act fairly and to give just
judgment in regard to a matter of this kind,
in view of the explanation which was given
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sohexck,J
—and I base my question simply upon that,
for I have no feeling about this matter, so far
as I am concerned; I did not happen to be
here; and there was no fraud practiced upon
me personally, so far as I am aware—I ask the
gentleman, in view of the explanation of the
gentleman from Ohio, in view of that gentle-
man's statement that there was nothing objec-
tionable in the proposition for which he asked.
