THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8085
ular.system.of keeping these loans within oar
control at shout periods. We have issued two
of-bonds, five-twenties and ten-forties,
i he idea has been to have them controllable,
to keep them so that within a very short
period of time comparatively we could, if the
finances of the Government would permit, take
them up. The suggestion which is made by the
Senator of issuing bonds at thirty years, or
twenty-live years positively, involves the idea
of losing that controllability which has been a
part of our system; and I suppose what the
Secretary is waiting for is to see whether Con-
gress is ready to give up that idea upon which
we predicated our financial system heretofore
in order to bring about a reduction of the inter-
est. You may issue a five per cent, bond and
reduce the rate of interest of course one per
cent, and replace the six per cent, bonds now
out with that five per cent, bond; but in so
doing you decide that you will give up the power
of redemption for a certain long period of
time, which power you now have.
The first Secretary of the Treasury under
the administration of Mr. Lincoln, Mr. Chase,
adopted the system which I speak o£ I thought
it was a good system. I have been waiting for
the time to come, and I have believed it would
come, when the matter would be all in our own
hands, when we might not be obliged to issue
a bond even at five per cent., when we-might
fund a portion of our debt at least, if not the
whole of it, at a still lower rate. So long as
we hold the control, as we have it now, that is
in our power; but if we replace our present
bonds, which are within our control, with bonds
at a less rate of interest running for thirty
years, we lose it, and consequently we cannot
look to a lower rate still. The question for
Congress to decide is what it is best to do with
reference to that particular matter; and it is
that question, X take it, which the Secretary of
th® Treasury prefers that Congress should de-
cide, whether it will abandon the old system
-upon which we stood in the beginning or
whether we will adhere to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me say this further,
in justice to the Secretary of the Treasury: it
is his opinion undoubtedly, from his public
messages, that a bond, say running twenty or
thirty years, ought to be issued. It is the
opinion of the Senator from Maine, and my
own opinion corresponds with his, that wo
ought not to issue a bond, the principal of
which is beyond the powers of redemption
beyond ten years. The very first question
that the Secretary will have to determine,
if ho issues new bonds, will be, what shall be
the duration of those bonds? He will make
them long bonds. He has so stated in his
official reports. Now, I do not think that
such .bonds ought to bo issued, and I never
would, in any event, issue a bond in the present
state of the money market running more than
ten years, because 1 have no doubt that at the
end of ten years we can reduce the rate of
interest below five per cent. Now, we cannot
get money for less than five per cent. But
we have failed to legislate on that subject. We
have left the matter open ; and the Secretary
will be compelled, from the pressure of public
necessities, to act on his own judgment, on the
general laws to which the Senator from New
York referred, which are ample, and he will
decide this question according to his judgment
instead of according to the judgment of Con-
gress. But, sir, I trust we shall not be led any
further into this discussion.
The only question now before us, in my
judgment, is whether we are willing to give
to the southern and western States—nearly all
to the southern—some little additional facili-
ties in the way of banking until we can determ-
ine the great questions of currency that have
been proposed here, and which will be dis-
cussed at the next session of Congress. My
own judgmentis, that public policy will require
us to extend these banking facilities to the
amount of $10,000,000 or $20,000,000. I shall
be willing, in ease $20,000,000 bethoughtbyany
Senator too much, to give them $10,000,000;
so that in the leading cities of the South, in
Mobile, Charleston, Atlanta, New Orleans,
and .other places, they may organize banks to
aid in promoting the movement of the crops
and the like. It ought to be done now. That
is the only question in this case, and I trust
nothing elso will be brought into the debate.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no disposition to
make any remarks on this subject, especially
upon those questions that are not contained in
the bill. This bond question is a bottomless
pit, that we can throw into forever, and I
believe we shall never then be agreed in regard
to it. But the question of allowing our national
banks that have been organized and have got
no currency to have some currency, is a ques-
tion of very great interest to those sections of
the country from which the currency has been
withheld. I suppose it is known to Senators
that in the State that I in part represent, we
organized national banks without any currency.
We had to waive the question; because when
we got ready to organize, there was no currency
to be given out. Under that clause of the law
allowing the banks in the East the right to
convert their capital into national banks and
take precedence of other organizations, they
took up the amount limited in the law.
The apportionment of this currency was
made upon the census of 1860. By that census
we had a population in Kansas of one hundred
and nine thousand, whereas to-day wo have a
population of three hundred and ninety or four
hundred thousand. Even upon the basis of
that apportionment, the population of 1860,
when we had but one hundred and nine thou-
sand inhabitants, we were entitled to $750,000,
and yet we received only $350,000 circulation,
or just about one half the circulation we were
entitled to even under an apportionment based
upon the population of 1860. But as our pop-
ulation increased the people of our State organ-
ized banks, and they waived the question of
having circulation. They had the capital to
make national banks, and they wanted banks
of that character. Although they got no cir-
culation from the Government,,.yet in some
instances they were enabled to buy circulation.
They went to New York and found where there
was a surplus of circulation, some banks retir-
ing which had more than they needed, other
banks failing, and by some circumlocution, I
never knew how it was, by paying three or four
percent., they were able to get circulation.
They bought it of those who had it to spare
and were willing to retire it, and by concert of
action with the Comptroller they were able in
some instances and by some means to obtain it.
Mr. JOHNSON. How much have you
altogether?
Mr. POMEROY. We have $350,000 re-
ceived from the Government, and then the
banks have bought fifty or seventy thousand
dollars from other parties; so that in the State
there may possibly be $400,000 of bank circu-
lation. Now, I say there is great complaint
on this head. I only speak of my own State
because it represents a class of States around
on the borders that are growing, that are pros-
perous, but have no circulation comparatively.
This bill in its last section is looking a little in
the direction of giving relief. It is not any-
tiling like the remedy that I think ought to be
applied. The Senator from Ohio begins to
hint that if Senators think $20,000,000 too
much, he will cut it down to $10,000,000. I
had not supposed, if there was to be any change
that it was to be in that direction. If there is
to be any amendment to this $20,000,000
clause reported from the committee, do not let
it be downward toward $10,000,000, but let
it be upward toward the wants of the country.
There are those who think we might dispen'se
with all national banks and issue greenbacks;
but even if that was done the remote States on
the border would not get any of the greenbacks.
In order to have circulation distributed over
the country to any great extent, to anything
like an equal amount, there must be organiza-
tions in the locality that can control the cur-
rency, or otherwise the great money centers
and markets of,the country get it. It is an
inevitable law of .trade and commerce over
which we have little or no control. It may be
true that we might dispense with our national
currency; these national banks might have
issued to them greenbacks instead cf national
currency, and make them responsible ; it would
be better to have all one kilid of currency in
that, respect; but there must be organizations
in the different localities to control it, or else
we lose control of the currency entirely, and it
follows our products to market and goes where
our products go.
I do not wish to see the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts adopted. I fear
we are not prepared to adopt a system which
we must ultimately reach, because the western
and southern States are not going to be kept
without circulation if we continue the system
of having national banks ; but I hope there will
be at least no diminution of the $20,000,000
contained in the last section of the bill. This
measure may do for this session. It is only a
temporary measure if we are looking to the
wants of the country. Before long, before we
adjourn, there will be SenatOio here who will
demand circulation and banks from six or
seven States not represented here now. While
this measure is before the Senate why can we
not make some provision for those States ? I
propose when they are returned here to treat
them not only as our equals, but in the most
liberal and friendly manner. No one can shut
his eyes to the wants that have already come
to us from those sections of the country.
There is a restlessness, an uneasiness, and
I think I may go as far as to say that there
IS a complaint in my own State and m other
•western States on account of the unequal dis-
tribution of circulation. They cannot see
why it is that the eastern States, New York,
and Pennsylvania, should have so much of
the circulation of the country, and when they
organize banks under the law in the West
they are not able to get a dollar. I receive
letters almost every day from my State inquir-
ing why it was that I was sitting here and
allowing such an unequal distribution of what
was contained in the law. The Senator from
Ohio has explained it; everybody can explain
it; but our legislation ought to be of such a
character that it does not need explanation.
It ought to bear on its face such perfect equal-
ity among the citizens of the States and among
the States that we should not have to explain
to our constituents why it was that we lost our
circulation and why we did not get our pro-
portion.
I have thought that law was a most remark-
able one. That law got into the tax bill. I
confess I did not see it. That law that gave
a preference to the old banks to convert, their
currency into national currency and have a
preference over the new organizations found
its way by some circumlocution or other into
the tax bill where no one would expect it, and
it became a law without my attention being
called to it, I know. Prom that day to this,
on the border, in the West, we have never had
a national bank with national circulation, and
we never shall have. We have applied to the
Comptroller time and again. He tells us.
what of course every one knew before he told
it, that although his disposition is to give us
circulation, he cannot do it under the law.
The last section in this bill reported by the
Committee on Finance, affords a little relief.
It is half a loaf, at any rate; and, if the
amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts should not prevail, as I hope it will, I
certainly hope there will be no diminution of
the $20,000,000 contained in this section. The
Senate certainly should come up to that; and
that will not satisfy the wants of the South at
all. That will be taken up by banks already
organized. If you notice the language of this
section, they cannot organize another new
bank under it. The language is, "which
amount shall be issued only to banking asso-
ciations organized." You cannot organize a
new one.
