1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
some reluctance that I refer to the political
view of liiiy (juustiun before this bocly? but cer-
tainly this strikes me so forcibly that I cannot
but mention it in this connection.
^lese reasons I am opposed to the bill,
but it it must pass it certainly ought to pass
with the amendment I have designated, namely,
substituting thirty days for ten days.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from California, in section one, line one,
and also in section three, line four, to strike
out the word "ten" before the word {4days"
and insert the word u thirty/'
The amendment was agreed to ; there being,
on a division—ayes 21, noes 7.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole was concurred in.
Mr. HENDRICKS. With a view to taking
the yeas and nays on the subject, I move to
strike out the third section—the same amend-
ment which I proposed before.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The amend-
ment made in Committee of the Whole has
been concurred in in the Senate, and it is not
in order to move to strike out that section.
Mr. HENDRICKS. This whole thing is an
amendment, I understand.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator can move a reconsideration.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I make that motion. I
was misled by the fact that the whole bill is an
amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Indiana moves to reconsider tlie
vote by which the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole was concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. As the Senator says he
did not understand the state of the case and
wants simply a vote of the Senate I think we
ought to give it to him. I shall vote against
his motion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I _ desire to have the
yeas and nays on this motion to strike out the
third section. I supposed that the amendments
that had been agreed to in committee were the
verbal amendments which had been made. I
did not think of the whole bill being an amend-
ment. It is rather exceptional for a whole bill
to be reported as an amendment, and therefore
I was misled. However, I am not very partic-
ular about it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has no control over it, and the Senate have
refused to reconsider its vote.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. COLE. I call for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 32, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Chandler,
Conkling, Conness, Cragin, Drake, Edmunds, Ferry,
Jxelinghuysen, Harlan, Henderson, llowaid, Howe,
Moigan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nye,
Patterson of New Hampshire, Pomeroy, llamsey,
Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Trum-
bull, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, Williams, and
Yates—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Buckalew, Cole, Davis,
Dixon. Hendricks, Johnson, Patterson of Tennessee,
and Itoss—9.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cattell, Corbett, DoohtUe, Fes-
senden, Fowler, Grimes, tfuthrie, Morton, Norton,
Saulsbury, Sprague, and Wilson—12.
And so the bill passed.
BItlDGE AT LA CROSSE.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is on the table of the
Senate a bill (H. R. No. 96) to authorize the
Southern Minnesota Railroad Company tocon-
struct and maintain a bridge across the Missis-
sippi river and establish a post route. It is a
House bill, reported favorably by the Commit-
tee on Post Oiiiees and Post Roads of the Sen-
ate, and I hope it will be taken up and passed.
I do not suppose it will occupy five minutes
time. I move to take it up for consideiation.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. It proposes to authorize the
Southern Minnesota Railroad Company, a cor-
poration existing under the laws of the State
of Minnesota, to construct, and operate a rail-
road bridge across the Mississippi river, between
the city of La Crosse, Wisconsin, and a point
opposite, in the State of Minnesota, with the
consent of the Legislatures of the States of
Minnesota and Wisconsin, and the bridge thus
authorized to be constructed is declared a post
route and subject to all the terms, conditions,
restrictions, and requirements, and entitled to
all tbeprivileges named in an act approved July
25,entitled "An act to authorize the con-
struction of certain bridges and to establish
them as post roads."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
if the act referred to in the bill is the general
one authorizing bridges on the Mississippi ?
Mr. RAMSEY. It is the general bill in re-
lation to bridges on the Mississippi river ; and
this bridge is to be subject to all the restric-
tions, conditions, and requirements imposed
by that act.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not know whether
that was the act referred to.
Mr. RAMSEY. That is the act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, and
read the third time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like to
know how it happens that the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Iioads have taken to
building bridges?
Mr. RAMSEY. Because the Mississippi
river is a navigable stream, and it requires the
authority of law to cross it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is a com-
mercial question, and not a question of post
offices and post roads.
Mr. RAMSEY. Inthe judgment of the Sen-
ate the Committee on Post Olliees and Post
Roads were better informed on that subject
and a more safe depository of that question,
I imagine. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I propose, with
submission to the honorable Senator, to try
that question with him, whether that is the
judgment of the Senate.
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I maintain there
is not the slightest authority, either in law,
Constitution, or precedent, for any such action.
It never was pretended in this Government any
where, at any time, under any circumstances,
that the Government had any authority to
build a road or a bridge under the power to
establish post roads. The establishment of a
post road is simply the authority to carry the
mails over roads that are constructed. It never
was construed, and there is not an instance in
the whole history of the Government where
it was ever supposed that this power gave the
Government the slightest authority to make a
road. Now, when you come to the question
of bridging a navigable stream, is that a ques-
tion that belongs to the Post Office Depart-
ment? Why. sir, it is commercial. Whether
you can afford to throw a bridge over a navi-
gable stream at a particular place is a commer-
cial question, emphatically and peculiarly.
I make these remarks simply that the hon-
orable Senator shall understand that hereafter
I propose to question his authority.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator from Maine
says there is no precedent for this. Ho cer-
tainly could not have been here during the last
Congress when the act of July 25, lBtiij, was
passed and all the bridges on the Mississippi
were authorized.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is high time,
if the honorable Senator has been practicing
this, and it is his good nature and persistency
that have got these bills through the Senate,
that we should understand it. It is the first
time i ever understood he was dealing in any
such way. E do not know that I shall make a
motion to refer this bill to the Committee on
Commerce; but I do not want it to be under-
stood, as a matter of course, that these bridges
are to be thrown over navigable waters at the
instance of the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads. As my attention is called to this
bill, let us see what its provisions are. I will
read it it the Senate will indulge me:
" That the Southern Minnesota Railroad Company,
a corporation existing under the laws of the State
ot Minnesota, is hereby authorized to construct and
operate a railroad bridge across the Mississippi river,
between theeity of La Crosse, Wisconsin, and a point
opposite, in the State of Minnesota, with the consent,
of the Legislatures ot the States of Minnesota and
Wisconsin ; and said bridge by this act authorized to
hereby declared n> post route and
subject to all the terms, conditions, restrictions, and
requirements, and entitled to all the privileges named
in an act approved July 25,1866, entitled 'An act to
authorize the construction of certain bridges and to
establish them as post roads/ "
I think my honorable friend will hardly say
that a bill to authorize the construction of a
bridge which does not contain within itself the
provisions, stipulations, and conditions upon
which it may and ought to be constructed is
exactly a suitable thing to be done. This
bridge is to be built according to some other
bridge built somewhere else. It does not
follow that a bridge that may be suitable at
one place will be suitable in another, by any
means. This bill refers to a bridge which was
authorized to be constructed somewhere else.
The Senate ought to know whether this is a
proper tiling to be done at this particular
place; whether it will interfere with the com-
merce of the great father of waters. That is
the question ; and I want the honorable Sen-
ator to understand that that is a question of
commerce, and it is paramount to the con-
sideration of carrying the mail; and the Sen-
ator, as chairman,of the Post Office Commit-
tee, is not presumed to know anything about
the wants of that river for commerce, [laugh-
ter,] notwithstanding all he knows on the
question of carrying the mails on which he is
supreme, and I defer to him entirely on that.
If the chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce were here and knew of this, the Sen-
ator would hear what he will not hear now.
[Laughter.] I do not feel any great inter-
est in this particular thing; -but I do say no
graver question can be presented to the Sen-
ate. Who has the jurisdiction now over this
question of placing obstructions on our in-
ternal waters? because a bridge is an obstruc-
tion any how. Is that a question of carrying
the mails? If this committee have got into
that business, they had better get out of it.
It does not belong to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, and I give the hon-
orable Senator to understand that I shall an-
tagonize him every time he undertakes to
exercise that jurisdiction. If he has got hills
through of this character before, I am satisfied
the Senate did not understand them.
Mr. JOHNSON. They voted on faith.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Of course. The
Senator from Minnesota is almost always right,
is very apt to be right; and I suppose the Sen-
ate took it for granted that his bills were right.
I do not know how I came to listen to this one,
but I did. Now I suggest that this bill really
ought to go to the Committee on Commerce. I
have no reason to believe, and do not believe,
there is anything particularly injurious in this
bill; but 1 submit to the honorable Senator
that it is not a proper thing to undertake to
pass a bill to authorize the construction of a
bridge at a particular place on the Mississippi
river far up as this is. I do not know what
the character of it is—and to make the terms
and conditions of it depend upon another bill
for the construction of a bridge at an entirely
different place—it is that loose kind of legisla-
tion which never ought to bo authorized, I
submit. I had two objects in rising : one was
to protest against this jurisdiction and the
exercise of it hereafter; and the second was
to point out this defect in this bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. I am sorry that my honor-
able friend from Maine is so very short in his
memory. He has voted for every proposition
for bridging the Mississippi river that has here-
tofore passed this body and passed Congress.
Then, again, he is locking the stable after the
