SUPPLEMENT TO
on© Lorenzo Thomas with intent unlawfully to seizo,
take, and possess the property of tho T/nited States
in the Department of War, in tlio custody and charge
of Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of said Department,
with intent to violate and disregard the act entitled
"An act regulating the tenure of certain civil offices,"
passed March 2,1867, whereby said Andrew Johnson,
President of tho United States, did then and there
commit a high misdemeanor in office.
Article VIII.
That said Andrew Johnson, President of the United
States, unmindful of the high duties of his office and
of his oath of office, with intent unlawfully to control
the disbursements of the moneys appropriated for
the military service and for the Department of War,
on the 21<?t day of February, in tho year of our Lord
186S, at Washington, in tho District of Columbia, did
unlawfully and contrary to the provisions of an act
entitled "An act regulating thetenureof certain civil
offices," passed March 2,1867, and in violation of the
Constitution of tho United States, and without tho
advice and consent of the Senate of tho United States,
and while the Senate was then and there in session,
there being no vacancy in the office of Secretaiy for
the Department of War, with intent to violate and
disregard the act aforesaid, then and thoro issue and
deliver to ono Lorenzo Thomas a letter of authority
in writing, in substance as follows, that is to say:
Executive Mansion.
"Washington, D. C., February 21,1808.
Sir : Hon. Edwin M. Stanton having been this day
removed from office as Secretary for tho Depart-
ment of War,you are hereby authorized and empow-
ered to act as Secretary of War ad interim, and will
immediately enter upon the discharge of tho duties
pertaining to that office.
Mr. Stanton has been instructed to transfer to you
all the records, books, papers, and other public prop-
erty now in his custody and charge.
Respectfully yours, ANDREW JOHNSON.
To Brevet Major General Lorenzo Thomas, Adjutant
General United States Army, Washington, I). V.
Whereby said Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States, did then and thoro commit and was
guilty of a high misdemeanor in office.
Article IX.
That said Andrew Johnson, President of the Uni-
ted States, on the 22d day of February, in tho year
of our Lord 1808, at Washington, in the District of
Columbia, in disregard of tho Constitution and the
laws of tho United States, duly onaetcd, as Com-
niander-m-Chict of tho Army of the United States,
did bring before himself thou and there William II.
Emory, a major general by brevet in tho Army of the
United States, actually iu command of the depart-
ment of Washington and tho military forces thereof,
and did then and thoro, as such Commander-in-Chief,
declare to and instruct said Emory that part of a law
of the United States, passed March 2,181)7, entitled
"An act making appropriations for thesupportof the
Army for tho year ending J une 3U, 1808, and for other
purposes," especially the sccondscction thereof,which
provides, among other things, that "all orders and
instructions relating to military operations issued by
tho President, or Secretary of War shall be issued
through tho General of tho Army, and, in case of his
inability, through tho next in rank,'' was unconstitu-
tional. and in contravention of I he commission of said
Emory, and which said provision of law had been
theretofore duly and legally promulgated by general
order for the government and direction of the Army
of the United States, as the said Andrew Johnson
then and there well knew, with intent thereby to in-
duce said Emory, in his official capacity as commander
of the departmentof Washington, to viohi.to the pro-
visions of said act, and to take and receive, act upon,
and obey such orders as he, tho said Andrew John-
son, might make and give, and which should not be
issued through tho General of tho Army of the Uni-
ted States, according to tho provisions of said act,
and with tho further intent thereby to enable him,
tho said Andrew Johnson, to prevent the execution
of an act entitled "An act regulating the tenure of
certain civil offices," passed March 2, 1807, and to
unlawfully prevent Edwin M. Stanton, then being
Secretary for tho Department of War, from holding
said office and discharging the duties thereof, whereby
said Andrew Johnson, President ol th_p United States,
did then ami there commit and was guilty of a high
misdemeanor in office.
Article X.
That said Andrew Johnson, President of the Uni-
ted States, unmindful of the high duties of his office
and the dignity and proprieties thereof, and of
the harmony and courtesies which ought to exist
and be maintained between the executive and
legislative branches of the Government of tho United
States, designing and intending to set aside the
rightful authority and powers of Congress, did at-
tempt to bring into disgrace, ridicule, hatred, con-
tempt, and reproach tho Congress of the United
States and tho several branches thereof, to impair
and destroy the regard and respect of all the good
people of die United States for the Congress and le-
gislative power thereof, (which all officers of the
Government ought inviolably to preserve and main-
tain,) and to excite the odium and resentment of all
the good people of tho United States against Con-
gress and the laws by it duly and constitutionally
enacted; and in pursuance of said design and in-
tent, openly and publicly, and before divers assem-
blages of tho citizens of the United States convened
in divers parts thereof to mr>ct and receive said An-
drew Johnson as the Chief Magistrate of tho United
States, did, on the ISLh day ot August, in the year of
our Lord 186(5, and on divers other days and times,
as well before as afterward, make and deliver with a
loud voice certain intemperate, inflammatory, and
scandalous harangues, and did therein utter loua
threats and bitter menaces as well against Congress
as the laws of the United States duly enacted thereby,
amid, the cries, jeers, and laughter of the multitudes
then assembled and within hearing, which arc set
forth in the several specifications hereinafter writ-
ten, in substance and effect, that is to say: t
tipecijicatian. First.—In this, that at Washington,
in the District of Columbia, in the Executive Man-
sion. to a committee of citizens who called upon the
President of thcUnited States, speaking of and con-
cerning the Congress of the United States, said An"
drew Johnson, President of the United States, here-
tofore, to wit, on the 18th day of August, in the year
of our Lord 1866, did, in a loud voioe, declare in sub-
stance and effect, among other things, that is to say:
"So far as tho executive department of the Govern-
ment is concerned, the effort has been made to restore
tho Union, to heal tho breach, to pour oil into tho
wounds which were consequent upon the struggle,
and (to speak in common phrase) to prepare, as the
learned and wise physician would, a plaster healing
in character and coextensive with the wound. We
thought, and wc think, that wc had partially suc-
ceeded ; but as tho woi k progresses, as reconstruction
seemed to he taking place, and the country was be-
coming reunited, we found a disturbing and marring
element opposing us. In alluding to that element,
I shall go no further than your convention and the
distinguished gentleman who has delivered to me the
report of its proceedings. I shall make no reference
to it that I do not believe the time and the occasion
justify.
"Wo havewitnessed in one department of the Gov-
ernment every endeavor to prevent the restoration
of peace, harmony, and Union. Wo have seen hang-
ing upon the verge of the Government, as it were, a
body called, or which assumes to be, the Congress of
the United States, while iu fact it is a Congress of
only a part of the States. We have seen this Con-
gress pretend to bo for the Union, when its every
step and acttendedto perpotuatodisunion andmake
a disruption of tho States inevitable." * *
* * "Wehave seen Congress gradually encroach
step by step upon constitutional rights, and violate,
day after day and month after month, fundamental
principles of theGovcrnment. Wo have seen aCon-
gress that seemed to forget that there was a limit to
the sphere and scopo of legislation. We have seen
a Congress in a minority assume to exorciso power
which, allowed to bo consummated, would result in
despotism or monarchy itself."
Sprcijication Second.—In this, that at Cleveland, in
tho Stato of Ohio, heretofore, to wit, on the 3d day
of September, in tho year of our Lord 1800, before a
public assemblage of citizens and others,said Andrew
Johnson, President of tho United States, speaking of
and concerning the Congress of tho United States, did,
in a loudvoice,deelarcmsubstanceandeifcct,among
other things, that is to say:
" I will tell you what I did do. I called upon your
Congress that is trying to breakup the Government."
**********
"In conclusion, besido that, Congress had taken
muolxpuins to poison their constituents against him.
Hut what had Congress done? Have they done any-
thing to restore the union of these States? No; on
the contrary, they had done everything to prevent it;
and because ho stood now where ho did when tho
rebellion commenced ho had been denounced as a
traitor. Who had run greater risks or made greater
sacrifices than himself? But Congress, factious and
domineering, had undertaken to poison the minds of
tho American peoplo."
Specification Third.—In this, that at St. Louis, in
tho Stato of Missouri, heretofore, to wit, on the 8th
day ofSept.embor.in thoyear of our Lord 18G6, before
a public assemblage of citizens and others, said An-
drew Johnson, President of the United States, speak-
ing of and eoncerning the Congress of the United
States, did, in a loud voice, declaro in substance and
effect, among other things, that is to say:
"Go on. Perhaps if you had a word or two on the
subject of New Orleans you might, understand more
about it than you do. And if you will go back—if
you will go back and ascertain the cause of the riot
at New Orleans, peihaps you will not bo so prompt
in calling out'Ncw Orleans.' If you will take up
the riot at NewOrlcans and trace it back to its source
or its immediate eauhc, you will find out who was ic-
sponsible for the blood t ha twasshed there, if.von will
take lip the riot at Nov; Orleans and trace it back to the
Radical Congress you will find that the not at New
Orleans was substantially planned. If you will take
up tho proceedings in their caucuses you will under-
stand that they there know that a convention was to
be called which was oxtinct by its power having ex-
pired; that it was said that tho intention was that a
new government was to be organized, and on the or-
ganization of that government tho intention was to
enfranchise one portion of the population, called the
colored population, who had iustbecn emancipated,
and at the same time disfranchise white men. When
you design to talk about New Orleans you ought to
understand what you arc talking about. When you
read tho speeches that were made, and take up the
facts on tho Friday and Saturday before that con-
vention sat, you will there find that speeches were
made incendiary in their character, exciting that
portion of tho population, tho black population, to
arm themsclvesand prepare for theslieddingof blood.
You will also find that that convention did assemble
in violation of law, and the intention ot that conven-
tion was to supersede tho reorganized authorities in
the State government of Louisiana, which had been
recognized by the Government of tho United States;
and every man engaged in that rebellion in thatcon-
vention, with tho intention of superseding and up-
turning tho civil government which had been recog-
nized by tho Govornment of tho United States, I say
that ho was a traitor to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and hence you find that another rebel! ion
was commenced having its origin in the Radical
Congress." * * * * * * *
"So much for the New Orleans riot. And there
was the cause and the origin ot tho blood that was
shed; and every drop of blood that was shed is upon
their skirts, and they are responsible for it. I could
test this thing a little closer, but will not do it here
to-night. But when you talk about the causes and
consciences that resulted from proceedings of that
kind, perhaps, as I have been introduced here, and
you have provoked questions of this kind, though it
does not provoke me, I will tell you a few wholesome
things that have boen done by this Radical Congress
in connection with New Orleans and the extension
of the elective franchise.
" I know that I have been traduced and abused. I
know it has come in advance of me here, as elsewhere,
that I have attempted to exercise an arbitrary
power in resisting laws that were intended to be
forced upon the Government; that I had exorcised
that power: that I had abandoned the party that
elected me, and that I was a traitor, because I exer-
cised the veto power in attempting and did arrest for
a time a bill that was called a ' Eroedman's Bureau'
bill; yes, that I was a traitor. And I have been tra-
duced, I have been slandered, I have been maligned,
I havebeen called Judas Iscariot,and all that. Now,
my countrymen here to-night, it is very easy to in-
dulge in epithets; it is easy to call a man a Judas and
cry out traitor; but when he is called upon to give
arguments and facts he is very often found wanting.
Judas Iscariot—Judas. There was a Judas and he
was one of the twelve apostles. Oh! yes, the twelve
apostles had a Christ. The twelve apostles had a
Christ, and lie never could have had a Judas unless
he had had twelve apostles. If I have played the
Judas, whohas been mvChristthatlhave played the
Judas with? Was it Thad. Stevens? Was it Wen-
dell Phillips? Was it Charles Sumner ? These are
the men that stop and compare themselves with the
Saviour; and everjbodv that differs with them in
opinion, and to try and stay and airest the diabolical
and nefarious policy,isto be denounced as a Judas."
"Well, let mc say to you, if you will stand by mo
in this action; if you will stand by me in trying to
give the people a fair chaneo, soldiers and citizens,
to participate in these offices, God being willing, 1
will kick them out. I will kick them out just as fast
as I can.
"Let mo say to you, in concluding, that what I
have said I intended to say. I was not provoked into
this, and I caro not for their menaccs the taunts,
and the jeers. I care not for threats. I do not intend
to be bullied by ray enemies nor overawed by my
friends. But, God willing, with your help I will veto
their measures whenever any of them come to me."
AYhich said utterances, declarations, threats, and
harangues, highly censurable in any, are peculiarly
indecent and unbecoming in the Chief Magistrate of
tho United States, by means whereof said Andrew
Johnson has brought tho high office of the President
of tho United States into contempt, ridicule, and
disgrace, to tho great scandal of all good citizens,
whereby said Andrew Johnson, President of the Uni-
ted States, did commit, and was then and there guilty
of, a high misdemeanor in office.
Article XI.
Tbat said Andrew Johnson, President of the Uni-
ted States, unmindful of the high duties of his office
and of his oath of office, and in disregard of the
Constitution and laws of the United States, did here-
tofore, to wit: on the 18th day of August, 1866, at
the city of Washington, in the District of Co-
lumbia, by public speech, declare and affirm in sub-
stance that the Thiity-Ninth Congress of the Uni-
ted States was not a Congress of the United States
authorized by the Constitution to exercise legislative
power under the same; but, on the contrary, was a
Congress of only part of the States, thereby denying
and intending to deny that the legislation of said
Congress was valid or obligatory upon him, the said
Andrew Johnson, except in so far as he saw fit to
approve the same, and also thereby denying and in-
tending to deny the power of the said Thirty-Ninth
Congress to propose amendments to the Constitution
of the United States; and, in pursuance of said dec-
laration, the said Andrew Johnson, President of tho
United States, afterward, to wit: on the 21st day of
February,1S63, at the city of Washington, in thcDis-
triet of Columbia,.did unlawfully and in disregard
of the requirements of the Constitution, that ho
should take care that thclaws be faithfully executed,
attempt to piovent the execution of an act entitled
"An act regulating tho tenure of certain civil offices,"
passed March 2, 1807, by unlawfully devising and
contriving, and attempting to devise and contiive,
means by which he should prevent Edwin M. Stau-
ton from forthwith resuming the functions of the
office of Secretary lbr the Department of War, not-
withstanding tho refusal of the Senate to concur in
the suspension therefore made by suid Andrew John-
son of said Edwin M. Stanton from said office of
Secretary for the Department of War, and also by
further unlawfully devising and contriving, and at-
tempting to devise and contrive, means then and
there to prevent tho execution of an act entitled
"An act making appropiiations for the support of
the Army for the fiscal year ending June DO, 1868,
and for other purposes." approved March 2,1867, and
also to prevent the execution of an act entitled "An
act to provide for the more efficient government of
the rebel States" passed March 2,1867; whereby the
said Andrew Johnson, President of the United
States, did then, to wit: on the 21st day of February,
1868, at tho city of Washington, commit and waa
guilty of a high misdemeanor in office.
