1038
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
horse has been stolen, to use a homely simile.
If this bridge be an interruption to the naviga-
tion of the Mississippi river, it is too late to
complain, for that has already been effected.
In the act of Congress of July 25, 1866, to
which this bill refers, the commerce of that
great river was, as we thought, effectually pre-
served and guarded. The committee had before
them the chief engineers operating and having
charge of the survey and improvement of that
river. The subject was thoroughly and entirely
investigated.
Mr. JOHNSON. Was that bill of July 25,
1866, reported from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. RAMSEY. Of course, and was passed
by Congress, and has been the law ever since
that time. ■ All these matters have been re-
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads. This subject of bridging the
Mississippi and all the great rivers of the West
was thoroughly considered by that committee.
General Warren, formerly, as we all know, in
command of one of the great corps of the Army
of the Potomac, a distinguished engineer of
great experience, long employed in the survey
of the Mississippi river, and who understands
the whole theory of the navigation of the
river, and of the interruption to that naviga-
tion by bridges, was before the committee.
The committee framed the law in such a way
that the bridges should by no means interfere
with the navigation of the river; that they
should be draw-bridges, and that is the provis-
ion which has been reincorporated into this
bill; that there shall be a spage of one hundred
and sixty feet on either side of the pivot pier
of the bridge; that there shall be fifty feet in
the highest stage of water between the surface
of the water and the bridge itself; and that
from pier to pier the ordinary span shall be
two hundred and fifty feet. All those things
have been carefully and thoroughly provided
for; and the honorable Senator fro in Maine
has always voted for those bills; and it is the
most remarkable thing that he has just now
discovered any interruption to commerce in
them.
Mr. CONNESS. I think the honorable
chairman of the committee on which I have
the honor to serve, the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, misapprehends the
Senator from Maine entirely. The Senator
from Maine intended a joke, and probably has
provoked some merriment at the expense of
our committee. He certainly has not raised
this question of the jurisdiction of the two
committees for any other purpose. The diffi-
culty in his case is that he has engaged in
taking a character that does not become him
at all, the character of Rip Van Winkle; for
he is a Senator who never sleeps, who is al-
ways vigilant; and he can scarcely afford to
take that character. He has failed in taking
it, evidently, palpably. When. he has stated
to us that the consideration of a measure of
this kind is a question of commerce, and there-
fore belongs to the Committee on Commerce.
I know with the Senator that that able com-
mittee is entirely competent to consider those
questions involving the construction of bridges
over our rivers had it been the habit of the Sen-
ate to refer those questions to them; but the
contrary is the case. If it had been the pleas-
ure of the Senate to send bills involving the
construction of bridges to the Committee on
Commerce I for one, as a member ot the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
should have been very glad; but the contrary
has been their habit. They have never re-
ferred one of them to that committee, lhe
result has been that they have been uni-
formly considered by the Committee on Jros
Offices and Post Roads, and it. may be said
to the credit of the present chairman ot that
committee that he has examined these cases
with great closeness and exactness ; that no
step has been taken, no recommendation has
been made, involving a bill of this character but
upon the closest and most thorough investiga-
tion. I undertake to say that no legislation has
been more carefully considered than the . bills
involving the right to construct these bridges
have been by this committee. As stated by the
chairman, distinguished engineers have been
employed and brought here to give proof, and
there is not now a complaint from any source
whatever touching the legislation, so important,
heretofore had on this subject.
Hereafter, when a hill comes here involving
this question, if it shall be the pleasure of the
distinguished chairman of the Committee on
Commerce, now absent, or of the honorable
member from Maine, who stands next on that
list, to ask its reference to the Committee on
Commerce, for one i certainly shall not object.
But the Senator certainly jested when he under-
took to underrate the capacity of a committee
composed of his colleagues and associates in
the Senate——
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like to
know whether the Senator represents me as
saying that?
Mr. CONNESS. I understood that to be
the drift of the Senator's position.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I said no such
thing.
Mr. CONNESS. I am very glad to hear the
Senator say that. There can certainly be little
objection to the passage of this measure; but
if the honorable Senator has any doubt of it,
and will ask it to be laid over until another
day in order to examine it, that will be entirely
in order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir; I have
not asked that.
Mr. CONNESS. But, sir, that it has been
fully considered is quite certain.
Mr. JOHNSON. In the Wheeling bridge
case the Supreme Court hold, and very prop-
erly held, I have no doubt, that under the com-
mercial power which Congress has in regulat-
ing commerce among the States, Congress has
the right to bridge the navigable rivers of the
United States. So far as the construction of
a bridge is concerned they placed the authority
of Congress upon thatpower. They pronounced
that particular bridge, however, to beanobstruc-
tion to commerce, and it had not then been au-
thorized by Congress.. After that decision was
pronounced Congress passed an act declaring
that the structure was a legal one and making
it a post road. In providing for that they acted
under the authority to establish post offices and
post roads. They found a bridge constructed,
and it constituted a part of the road, in fact,
from this side of the Ohio to the other side of
the Ohio, and they declared, under their power
to establish post offices and post roads, that
the bridge should be considered a post road,
so as to take it entirely out of the authority of
the States.
Congress have held, necessarily held, by that
provision that it is for Congress alone to decide
whether a navigable stream shall be bridged
so as in point of fact to interfere with com-
merce. They have claimed that Congress have
the authority under the power to which I have
referred to stop the navigation altogether; but
that has not been done in any one instance.
So that there can be no question, I think, as
to the authority of Congress to authorize the
bridging of streams. Congress, in this case,
if they pass this bill, will only do what they
have done in all the other instances, in which
authority has been granted to erect bridges
over navigable streams. They provide that
the bridges which they may authorize shall
not seriously obstruct the navigation. The
proof in the Wheeling bridge case was that
there were seven steamers plying up and down
the river that could not get through the bridge
at all, their chimneys being so elevated that
they could not pass without serious obstruction
and sometimes danger. Notwithstanding that,
Congress, by the act to which I have referred,
declared that the bridge was a legal structure
and made it a post road so as to take it en-
tirely out of the authority of the States of Vir-
ginia and Pennsylvania.
Mr. CONNESS. At a period in the progress
of this country the chief internal commerce of
the country was had by the channels of rivers.
Within this generation that has almost entirely
changed, or very largely changed. Now, the
greatest amount perhaps of the internal com-
merce and trade of the country passes over
railroads; and there is a corresponding neces-
sity to span the rivers with bridges; but_in
doing it care has been taken, as in this in-
stance, not to impede the navigation of the
river materially so as to leave this river navi-
gable and therefore valuable still for commer-
cial interests, and also to render the new mode
of facilitating commerce by carrying it over
iron tracks also practicable. Great care has
been preserved in the legislation that has been
had, and the bill that is now before us is an
instance of that care.
The bill was passed.
message fko.m tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheesos, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 373) to place the name of
Mahala A, Straight upon the pension-roll;?of
the United States ;
A bill (II. R. No. 659) granting a pension to
Sarah E. Pickell;
A bill (H. R. No. 660) restoring lands to
market along the line of the Pacific railroad
and branches;
A bill (H. R. No. 661) granting a pension to
the widow and minor children of William
Craft;
A bill (II. R. No. 662) granting a pension to
the widow and minor children of George R.
Waters ;
A bill (H. R. No. 063) granting a pension to
Cyrus K. Wood, the legal representative of
Cyrus D. Wood;
A bill (H. 11. No. 664) granting a pension to
Susan V. Berg;
A bill (H. R. No. 666) granting a pension to
Henry H. Hunter ;
A bill (H. R. No. 667) granting a pension to
Mary Graham ;
A bill (H. R. No. 668) granting a pension to
Elizabeth Butler, widow of Cyrus Butler;
A bill (H. R. No. 669) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of Myron
Wilklow;
A bill (H. R. No. 670) granting a pension
to the widow and children of Andrew Hol-
man;
A bill (H. R. No. 671) granting a pension
to the widow of Henry Itaneday;
A bill (H. R. No. C72) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of Charles
W. Wilcox;
A bill (H. R. No. 673) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of John S.
Phelps;
A bill (H. R. No. 674) granting a pension
to the widow of William S. Hamlin;
A bill (H. R. No. 675) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of Cornelius
L. Rice;
A bill (IT. R. No. 676) granting a pension
to Thomas Connolly; and
A bill.(H. R. No. 677) granting a pension
to the minor children of James Ileatherly.
land gkaxts to nevada.
Mr. STEWART. I ask the Senate to take
up and pass a little bill, which is purely local
in its character, for the purpose of carrying
into effect certain land grants; not to make any
new ones. It has been thoroughly considered
by the Committee on Public Lands, and is short.
It is Senate bill No. 190. I move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 190) to further provide
for giving effect to various grants of public
lands to the State of Nevada.
Mr. STEWART. The Committee on Public
Lands have reported the bill with an amend-
