1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2063
from Ohio, especially if there was a precon-
certed plan to pass at that time this amend-
ment. The gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Niblack] has stated he was informed by gen-
tlemen upon this floor, and I will state I was
informed by gentlemen here, that they knew
this thing was to be done. It is of that which
we complain.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentlemen
who make such statements are responsible for
them. I am not responsible for anything to
which I was not a party. I say again to the
gentleman from Wisconsin, as I have said be-
fore, that I did inform members of "the House
of my intention to make a motion to proceed
to the business upon the Speaker's table to get
up that bill, and that I intended to offer an
amendment; and, sir, I disclosed the terms of
the amendment to very many gentlemen on
this side of the House. What particular event
may have brought that bill to the attention of
the gentleman from Ohio and caused its com-
ing before the House twenty minutes before I
could make the motion I am not advised. As I
stated before, there was no agreement between
the gentleman from Ohio and myself that he
should do that thing, and then purposely let me
in by way of catching in a trick the minority
of this House. If the gentleman from Ohio
knew the terms of my amendment he did not
get his information from me. The amendment,
when I left the House to retire to my commit-
tee-room,was locked up in my desk, and I had
not conversed with the gentleman from Ohio
concerning it,
Mr. BOYER. I rejoice the gentleman from
Iowa thought it necessary to make the expla-
nation which he has made to the House, for it
is well that matters of this kind should be felt
to -be subjects which need an explanation.
When, on last Saturday, I introduced this sub-
ject I did so without consultation with many
of the members of the minority. But few
members on our side of the House knew a few
minutes before it was done that I intended to
do it. But I believed then, and I am sure
now, that I spoke the sentiments of the minor-
ity ; and I am glad to find I have spoken the
sentiments of a great many just and right-
minded men belonging to the party of the
majority, if not in this House, at least outside
of it.
The gentleman from Iowa has not, in my
opinion, by the explanation which he has
given, materially changed the aspect of the
case. Ho has said, to be sure, that he had no
previous consultation with the gentleman from
Ohio before he offered his amendment, but he
has said he told members around him that he
was about to offer such an amendment to the
then pending bill. The gentleman from Ohio
informed the House on last Saturday that he
understood when he introduced the bill and
made his remarks that there was some such
amendment to be offered—that there was to be
a ''good thing" attached to the bill, which
would be likely to produce a good effect.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I did not yield
the floor to the gentleman to attack the gen-
tleman from Ohio.
Mr. BOl ER. This reference is inseparable
from the discussion of the subject now before
the House.
The gentleman from Iowa has further ad-
mitted that he was present and heard the re-
marks of the gentleman from Ohio with which
he introduced the bill, and that notwithstanding
he pressed his amendment without any expla-
nation, although he also stated he had intended
to make an explanation of the amendment be-
fore its introduction, but ho was not in the
habit of unnecessarily discussing any subject,
and when he found it could be introduced and
passed without discussion he abstained from it.
He has defended the amendment on the ground
that it was germane to the bill then pending,
and has taken exception to the position 1 then
took, that it was not so. As a technical matter
it may be the amendment was germane to the
bill, but it was not germane in the ordinary
general sense. It related to the restriction of
the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court, whereas
the bill itself provided for its enlargement. It
related to a case pending upon a habeas corpus,
whereas the bill itself only related to appeals to
the Supreme Court in cases in which revenue
officers were parties. I said then, and I say
now, if the amendment was strictly germane to
the bill under the rules, it presents a worse case
than if it had not been germane, for the reason
that no point of order could have been made to
exclude it if it was germane, no matter how
attentive the minority might have been to what
was passing at the time.
I desire, in the tirst place, to show the man-
ner in which the previous question was moved
immediately after the introduction of the
amendment, in order to show that there was
no possible oppoitunity to introduce any effect-
ive objection on the part of any member, no
matter how perfectly he might have under-
stood at that stage of the proceedings what
was going on and however desirous he might
have been to be heard. When the amendment
was offered by the gentleman from Iowa the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexcic] said:
" I am willing to have the amendment received,
and-now I call the previous question on the bill and
amendment."
Immediately upon the introduction of the
amendment, audits being accepted by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, in the same breath and
in the same sentence he moved he previous
question and shut off everything in the nature
of inquiry and everything in the nature of op-
position unless a question of order was raised,
which could only be entertained in case the
amendment was not germane. But being, as
the gentleman from Iowa now says, germane
to the bill, the mode in which it was intro-
duced completely closed the door against any
effort which could possibly be made in opposi-
tion to it.
I do not think it necessary that I should en-
ter into any discussion as to whether it was
proper to limit the jurisdiction of the Supreme
Court in the case in question.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I do not propose
to yield for the discussion of that question.
Mr. BOYElt. Or whether the amendment
in any way prevents the Supremo Court from
deciding the MeCardle case. That was dis-
cussed by the gentleman from Iowa, and I do
not undertake  
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It was brought in
by your colleague, [Mr..Woodward.]
Mr. BOYER. 1 do not intend to go into
that subject on this occasion. The gentleman
admits the object of the introduction of the
amendment, and he has alluded to the defense
made by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schexck] on Saturday last in approving terms.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Tardon me; I
said the gentleman from Ohio had taken care
of himself well in the debate on Saturday.
That is not my branch of the case. [Laughter. ]
Mr. BOYER. That was substantially what
the gentleman said.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I do not say there
is anything in what he said to disapprove of.
Mr. BOYElt. The gentleman does not say
there is anything in what the gentleman from
Ohio did that he disapproved of.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. In what he said,
not did.
Mr. BOYER. The gentleman explains 
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. 1 do not explain;
I rest upon my statement in the first instance.
Mr. BUYER. Very well; the gentleman
may have his own way. The introduction of
the bill by the gentleman from Ohio was, of
eouse, perfectly legitimate ; so were his remarks
as applied to the bill itself as it then stood. The
introduction of the amendment, disconnected
with any other question, by the gentleman from
Iowa, was also perfectly legitimate. He had a
right to do it. With that no fault should be j
found. Very innocent things may be done by
individuals without preconcert and without a
common design to which no possible exception
could be taken, and yet, when the two things
are done by different individuals by preconcert
and with a common design to effect a certain
purpose, the law sometimes denominates it a
conspiracy.
Mr, WILSON, of Iowa. I want to know of
the gentleman (who is speaking in my time)
whether he charges that there was concert of
action?
Mr. BOYER. I accept whatever the gen-
tleman has stated in that respect as being true;
for I do not charge him with having made any
intentional misrepresentation of his own posi-
tion, his own object, or the facts connected, so
far as he is individually concerned, with the
introduction of the amendment; nor did I
undertake to characterize by any offensive epi-
thets on last Saturday what had taken place.
But I intended to mention the facts, and I said
then what 1 repeat now, that I would have the
country to give the transaction a name and to
pass judgment upon it.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, resumed the floor.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Certainly.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me, notforthe purpose of participating
in the discussion of the issue which has arisen
between that gentleman and the gentleman
who has just taken his seat, [Mr. Boyer,] but
for the purpose of alluding to a remark which
fell from another gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Woodward,] in which he criticised
the action of Congress, of this House and the
other, in passing the amendment which was
introduced by the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Wilson,] as indecent. Passing over the as-
sumption 
Mr. WOODWARD. Allow me to correct
the gentleman as to the form of my expression.
My recollection is that my remark was that it was
"an indeeeut exercise of legislative power."
Mr. MAYNARD. So I understood the
gentleman to say. Now, if any gentleman
considers himself justified in assuming to lec-
ture Congress upon questions of decency, why,
sir, I shall not quarrel with him. But I sub-
mitto the consideration of gentlemen, if we are
to engage in inquiries of this sort, whether the
indecency is not in the judicial branch of the
Government seeking to transcend its legiti-
mate sphere, and to enter into the domain of
the political branch of the Government, and
to attempt the decision of political questions.
With my ideas of decency and propriety, so long
as I am connected with either of the branches
of the political department of this Government,
I will use every means in my power, will cast
every vote I can, to take away every jurisdiction
or subject of jurisdiction that would authorize
the judicial tribunals of the country to pass
beyond their legitimate sphere and attempt
the decision of purely political questions.
Mr. WOODWARD. I know the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] alluded to it, and the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Mayxard]
again alludes to it. But I confess 1 do not
understand what they mean when they charge
the Supreme Court with having gone beyond
its jurisdiction. The gentleman read from a
newspaper criticism on the Supreme Court.
Mr. W1LSON, of Iowa. Who did that?
Mr. WOODWARD. I do not know that
the gentleman read from a newspaper, but he
cited a newspaper  
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I did not.
Mr. WOODWARD. Certainly you did.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I referred to a
newspaper criticism of the Supreme Court?
Mr. WOODWARD. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. No, sir.
Mr. WOODWARD. I understood you to
do so.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I referred to tho
constant assertions of the newspapers repre-
senting the party to which the gentleman be-
longs, in which we were informed, day by day,
and week by week, that a majority of the Su-
preme Court had determined to use the Me-
Cardle case for the purpose of annulling, by
declaring them unconstitutional,all the recoil*
struction laws of Congress.
