1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3087
step m a downward progress. I am also
opposed to the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, and that submitted
oy the Senator from Vermont, because their
tendency is toward entering upon the con-
sideration of a question which we have neither
inclination nor time nor surrounding circum-
stances to dispose of at the present session. I
shall vote against the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, and shall vote for
the amendment of the Senator from Vermont,
believing that by attaching the latter amend-
ment to the section as it stands I shall more
certainly be enabled to secure the defeat of
the section itself.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. In order to
simplify the business before the Senate, I
withdraw my. amendment so that we may have
a vote directly upon the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts first. If that
shall not be adopted, I will then offer the
amendment which I have proposed.
. Mr. FESSBNDEN. I wish to say one word
in leply to what was said by the honorable
Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton] as to the
effect of this action, I do not see that thereis
any avoiding the inference he draws, that if you
make it imperative that a fike amount of the
greenbacks, so-called, the United States notes,
shall be retired, they must be retired by issuing
bonds for that purpose, unless you have a sur-
plus in the Treasury with which you can take
them up. We have been cutting down taxes
in all directions, and still intend to cut down
taxes according to the legislation which is pro-
posed, so thatitisnot likely we shall have any
surplus, but we shall have a deficiency. That
matter ought to be considered.
I lie question comes back to this simply,
whether you are going to lose enough on the
interest that you would pay for an additional
amount. of bonds to make it unwise to do it
.with a view to. the resumption of specie pay-
ments. some time or other. The better way
undoubtedly would be, and the sensible way,
if we ever intend to resume specie payment
at all, to have a surplus in our Treasury every
year, which can be devoted to that purpose.
But if we intend to lighten taxation so that
we .cannot have a surplus in the Treasury with
which to redeem our notes, and go on in that
way, and at the same time refuse to issue any
kind of securi ties in the place of them, because
they pay no interest and the securities to be
issued would pay interest, then it amounts to
nothing but an indefinite postponement of the
resumption of specie payments. Then the
questiou for Congress to consider is whether
that is not enough of an object, at some time
or other, to compensate for the additional in-
terest that wo might pay, if we shall not have
a surplus, if we will not resort to taxation to
get means to do it. That is a question for
Congress to. consider, on which I at present
give noopinion, for the matter is not beforeus.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
will allow me to suggest to him that there is no
probability of our expenditures so far exceed-
ing our.receipts that we shall not have a reserve
in specie in the Treasury by which these notes
could be paid.
Mr. FEbSENDEN. It is not a question of
how much specie we have; it is a question
simply of how much we have over and above
what is necessary for the expenditures of the
Government. Anything that we want over
that we must borrow, no matterin what shape it
is.put, and we must pay interest on it; so that
after all it comes back to the same question,
whether or not we lose or gain by issuing paper
in some shape or other on which we pay inter-
est. provided we are making progress toward
a resumption of specie payments. I have
always held, and 1 was in hopes Congress would
stick to that policy, though I have not been
particularly. gratified at this session by the
movements in that direction—I have thought
that Congress should adhere to the idea which
it proclaimed a few years ago, of a gradual
reduction of United States notes, that we might
get back to a point where everybody would
redeem in specie in order to accomplish all the
good that is to be gained by a redemption in
specie of all obligations.
I think, without attempting to elaborate it,
that we should save vastly more, year by year,
to the country if we could once get back to
that state of things than we should be likely to
lose by any amount of interest we might pay
upon bonds issued to enable us to accomplish
it. But the better way still would be not to
reduce our taxation so low that we are obliged
to resort to anything of that description. The
idea was awhile ago—and it was the true one
in my judgment, financially—that we should
have every year a surplus in the Treasury, to
be raised by taxation, (the only proper way,)
and that we should apply that surplus to a
limited extent and to a reasonable extent, and
every year and every month as we went along,
fixing it as reasonably as we could toward the
accomplishment of that purpose, which is the
great purpose, in my judgment, without which
we shall never have any sound financial opera-
tions in this country. Agreeing with my friends
that, in the present state of things, or the pros-
pective state of things, we may be obliged, if
we pass this, to resort to borrowing precisely
in the same way, yet I am not satisfied that
even if we did to the amount of $20,000,000,
provided we improved the system and adhered
to it, we should be the losers in the end.
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to know
whether, if we even should increase the debt
$100,000,000, and we should pay five per cent.,
'* ~ " that, it would not be better to
$5,000,000, on  , ... VVVW3l w
pay that and save a much larger amount to
the country now lost on the bonds exported?
liy bringing down the amount of legal tenders,
as proposed by the Sentor from Massachusetts,
to $250,000,000, we should be in a condition
to return to specie payments at once, or within
a very short time. Would it not be better to
pay the interest on $100,000,000 at five per
cent., being $5,000,000, and save $33,000,000
on the export of $100,000,000, of bonds which
we now send out of the country, and which we
shall have to redeem hereafter dollar for dol-
lar to foreign holders. While, under the prop-
osition of the Senator from Massachusetts, we
pay $5,000,000 more of interest we shall gain
$30,000,000 on the export of bonds, provided
wo export $100,000,000 of bonds next year.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask the
Senator one question upon that point. Sup-
pose that we substitute bank notes for green-
backs, how much nearer are we to specie pay-
ments than we were before? If we substitute
$100,000,000 of bank notes for $100,000,000
of greenbacks, what do we gain? The Gov-
ernment is liable for the bank notes as much
as it is for the legal-tender notes. The bank
notes are worth seventy cents on the dollar
and the legal-tender notes are worth the same,
and no less when taken up. How do you
approach specie payments in that way, by
putting out other paper redeemable only in
paper?
Mr. CORBETT. I will tell you exactly
how. If a bank is not able to redeem its notes
in legal-tender notes or specie, it must go into
liquidation, and you have its bonds to throw
on the market, and you will get from those
bonds in the foreign market $100,000,000,
where you are now getting only $72,000,000,
thus saving $28,000,000.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts to the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Finance.
. Mr. WILSON. I ask that the question be
divided. There are two sections in my amend-
ment, and I wish the question taken on each
one by itself.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator will
withdraw the last section, and let us vote on
the first section of his amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I ask to have the question
divided, so that we may vote on the first, and
then I shall ask for the yeas and nays on the
last section.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I simply
rise to say that I do not wisli the vote I am
about to give to be construed into an expres-
sion of opinion on the questions involved in
this proposition. I regret very much that the
Senator from Massachusetts should have intro-
duced at this time tliis proposition, when he
knows very well that both Houses of Congress
are greatly divided upon the question as between
greenbacks and national bank notes. Much
discussion has taken place in Congress upon
that subject, and it has been impossible to
reach any conclusion; and it seems to nre that
it is wise at this time to avoid any conclusion
upon that subject until we can have more time
in which to consider the great financial problem
that is before us. If this proposition thai,
the Senator from Massachusetts has made in
adopted, it will be understood and constried
by .the country that Congress has taken ground
in favor of the annihilation of the greenback
currency and the substitution for it of national
bank currency. That may be a correct grou i>d
to occupy; but so far. as I am concerned I
prefer not to decide that question until we c.\n
have more time to consider and discuss the
subject; and the Senator knows very well, if I
may be allowed to use the expression here,
that our political friends are greatly divided on
this question; but perhaps that is not a matter
that is entitled to any consideration.
Mr. WILSON. I ask for a division of the
question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is. on striking out the words proposed and
inserting the first section of the proposed
amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The ques-
tion, recurs on the second clause of the amend-
ment.
Mr. WILSON. On the second clause I
want the yeas and nays.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest to the Senator
that as that is an amendment in the nature of
a new section, it will come in better after the
amendment of the committee is acted on, unless
he moves to strike out the fifth section and
insert this. Let us vote first on the fifth sec-
tion, and then his amendment can be offered as
a new section.
Mr. WILSON. Very well; I waive it at
present; I will offer it afterward.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I now move
the amendment I proposed before, to come in
at. the end of the section reported by the com-
mittee, and I merely call the attention of the
Senate to it to see whether we are willing to
stand by anything:
And upon the issue of any increased nationa! cir-
culation provided for m this section, the Secretary
ol the .treasury is hereby authorized to permanently
withdraw an equal amount of United States notee.
Mr. HOWE. I want to say simply that I
shall vote against that amendment and I-shall
vote against this section ; but if I knew the
section would be adopted I think I should still
vote against the amendment. As I under-
stand the amendment, it simply requires the
Secretary of the Treasury to take out of his
vaults$l,000whichhe has received from taxes,
and destroy them whenever any number of
citizens shall issue $1,000 in notes.
M rVim,ln™i^S'c Tlley ?re not doI!ars-
*1. i Senator fromVermontsays
that they are not dollars. Well, sir, your law
says they are dollars, and the tax-payers who
put them m the Treasury say they have cost
them dollars. I know that at the same time
you cancel an obligation of the Government
at the Government would have to meet in
future years, but you have deranged the tax-
paying capacities of the country just to the
extent that you destroy this currency. I do
not believe that is a fair or a legitimate way
of reducing circulation or of retiring the
Treasury notes. I think there is a legitimate
way of doing that, and I hope to see that way
adopted same time or other.
I was utterly opposed to the legislation under
wnica the Secretary was authorized to bum
