1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4111
discount and deposit of the bank are to be
carried on in the city of Brooklyn. Nothing
in this act is to be construed as in any manner
to release the bank from any liability, or alfect
any action or proceeding in law in which the
bank may be a party or interested. And when
such change shall have been determined upon
notice thereof and of such change is to be
published in at least two daily newspapers in
each of the counties of New York and Kings,
in the State of New York, for not less than
ten days.
Tne bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
PETER M. CARMICIIAEL.
Mr. MORGAN. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 340) for the relief of Peter M.
Carmichael, surveyor of the port of Albany,
have bad it under consideration, and directed
me to report it back without amendment and
with a recommendation that it pass. It is a
resolution of only eight lines, and is merely a
formal matter, and I therefore ask to have it
considered at this time.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. It authorizes the
Sroper accounting officers of the Treasury
'epartment, in auditing and adjusting the
accounts of Peter M. Carmichael, surveyor of
the port of Albany, to admit and allow the
charge of $1,008, the same having been paid
by him to John Hastings, deputy surveyor and
inspector of the port.
Mr. MOKG-AN". Mr. Hastings was deputy
surveyor, but did not think it necessary to take
the oath of office for that position, he having
been deputy collector. It is merely a formal
matter. It is recommended by Mr. Sargent.
They cannot pay the money, as he did not take
the oath, because he was deputy collcctor.
Mr. COLE. The bill ought to pass.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. STEWART. I ask the Senate to pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
oOl, authorizing the purchase of certain public
lands in Alabama.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before that is taken
up I wish to make a motion to reconsider the
bill which the Senator from Nevada called up
the other evening before Senators generally
got iu, restoring certain persons in the south-
ern States to their political rights.
The PRESIDEN T pro tempore. That bill
has been signed and enrolled, I am told.
Mr. STEW ART. And was sent to the Pres-
ident to-day.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I move that it
bo recalled. I wish to state, the reason. I
understand that it restores all the rebels who
participated in the war who are members of
the Georgia Legislature, and who support what
is called the Radical policy, and refuses to
restore those persons elected to that same
Legislature who hold other views. 1 have no
objection to restoring these people on equal,
fair terms. It is right. 'These persons are
elected by the people and are restored. Then
icstore all that are elected by the people.
They are all elected under the reconstrueiion
law. It is but fair to let all the members of
that Legislature be restored. I received a
letter on the subject yesterday, but could l.ot
get the floor to make the motion to reconsider
at that time, and therefore, if it be practicable,
I wise to make it now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chief
Clerk, who is much better acquainted with the
rules than I profess to be. says it is not in
order to do that. However, the motion may
be entered, and if we can find that it is in
order, it can be entertained. I do not profess
to know how that is.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Let the motion be
entered, and if necessary the bill be recalled.
Until it becomes a law, I suppose, within two
days after its passage it is always within the
control of either House. This thing of restor-
ing by special legislation ought to be fair, it
ought to be equal.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator will allow
ine to say that the cure for this case is for the
Senator to introduce a bill restoring the par-
ties he proposes and give us an opportunity to
vote for it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is no remedy at
all.
Mr. CONNESS. That is the true remedy.
The passage of that bill does not prevent the
restoration of others.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Let the motion be
entered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
can be entered, but it is doubtful whether it
can be entertained.
PUBLIC LAXD3 IN ALABAMA.
Mr. STEWART. I now renew my motion
to take up the bill I have named. It is a bill
of only two lines. Let it be read.
Mr. WILLEY. Before it is read, I desire
to know if it is a House bill?
Mr. STEWART. No ; it is a Senate bill.
Mr. WILLEY. I think on an occasion like
this, and under the circumstances, we ought
to confine ourselves to House bills.
Mr. STEWART. Let it be read. There
will be no objection to it.
Mr. WILLEY. There are a great many
House bills that require merely formal action
to perfect them.
Mr. STEWART. If the Senator will hear
the bill read, that is all I ask of him.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ne-
vada.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 301) authorizing the
purchase of certain public lands in Alabama.
The preamble recites that by the act of Con-
gress approved June 21,1800, the disposal of
lands in Alabama is now restricted to actual
settlers under the homestead laws ; and it is
shown that such hilly, mountainous, vacant
public lands are unfit for liomestead purposes
in the counties of Jackson, Jefferson. Shelby,
and Bibb, in the State aforesaid. The bill,
therefore, provides that from and after its pas-
sage, such lands in those counties shall be sub-
ject to sale as other public lands.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed tor a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
POSTAL LAWt-.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hold in my hand a public
bill, House bill No. 1205, which 1 have been
requested by the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads to urge upon the early atten-
tion of the Senate. they have reported sev-
eral amendments to it. It is a bill without the
passage of which Congress could not very
safely adjourn, and I presume they would not.
It is essential to the proper administration of
the Post Office Department of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us hear the title ot it.
Mr. RAMSEY. " A bill iH- 1205)
to further amend the postal laws." It is a
j House bill to which the Committee on Post
; Offices and Post Roads have reported a liura-
] ber of amendments. We cannot well adjourn
without it: indeed, we will not. It can be
parsed in a short time.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 120-5) to further
amend the postal laws. It provides that when
any writer of a letter, on which the postage is
prepaid, shall indorse in writing or in print
upon the outside thereof his name and address,
the same, after remaining uncalled lor at the
post office to which it is directed thirty days,
or the time the writer may direct, shall be
returned to the writer without additional post-
age, whether a specific request for such return
be indorsed on the letter or not. No money
order is to be issued for less than one dollar
nor more than fifty dollars; and all persons
who receive money orders are to be required
to pay therefor the following charges or fees :
for one dollar or any sum not exceeding
twenty dollars, a fee of ten cents is to be
charged and exacted by the postmaster giving
the order; for all orders exceeding twenty dol-
lars and not exceeding thirty dollars, the charge
is to be fifteen cents; for all orders exceeding
thirty dollars and not exceeding forty dollars,
the fee is to be twenty cents; for all orders
exceeding forty dollars and not exceeding fifty
dollars, the fee is to be twenty-five cents.
Section thirty-five of the act of March 3,
1863, is to be so construed as to permit weekly
newspapers, when sent to regular subscribers,
to be delivered free of postage, when deposited
at the office nearest to the office of publication;
but nothing in this act is to be so construed as
to require carriers to distribute the papers
unless postage is paid upon them.
Mr. RAMSEY. Unless I am called upon
for an explanation, I shall say nothing. The
bill is very plain, and any gentleman can
understand it on its reading.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Theamend-
ments reported by the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads will be read.
The first amendment was in section two,
line one, after the word "that," to strike out
the words ''no money order shall be issued
for less than one dollar nor more than fifty
dollars, and so that it will read :
That aft persons who recoive money orders shaft be
required to pay therefor the following charges or
fees. <fcc.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert at the
end of the second section the following:
And furthermore, that the compensation of deputy
po^tmasreis for the payment of money orders is
hereby increased from one eighth to one fourth of one
per cent, on the gross amount of orders paid at their
respective officer, and that notbingcontained in any
act shall be so construed as to deprive postmasters at
money-order offices of the compensation tor trans-
acting the money-order business fixed by the act ot'
May 17,18G4, and modified as stated in thus section:
Provided alvxxys, That the amount of such annual
compensation, together with the postmaster's salary,
shall not, in any ease, eseced the salary established by
law for postmasters of the first class.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out all of
the third section after the enacting clause, in
the following words:
That section thirty-five of the act of March 3, 1863,
shall be so con^u-ued as to permit weekly news-
papeis, when sent to regular subscribers, to be de-
livered free of postage when dcpo&ited at the office
nearest to the office of publication; but nothing in
tb t act shall be so construed as to require earners to
distribute said papers, unless postage is paid upon
theiu.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
That section thirty-five of the act of March 3,1S03,
shall be so construed as to permit weekly newf-
papers, properly folded and addressed, when sent to
regular subscribers, in the county where printed and
published, to bedehveredtrecof postage when depos-
ited at the office nearestto the office of publication •
hut nothing in this act shall be so construed as to re-
quire earners to distribute said papers unless postage
is paid upon them at the rate of five cents per quarter,
and suc-h postage must be prepaid tor a term not
less than one quarter or more t'.an one year, either
at the office of mailing or of delivery, at the option
of the subscriber.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as an
additional section the following:
Sec. -i. Andbe it further enacted. Thatin esse ofthe
loss of a money order, a duplicate thereof shall foe
ii-r-ued by the superintendent of the money-order
olSee without charge, on the application of the re-
mitter or payee of the original: Provided, Inat the
applicant furnish a certificate from tne postmaster
on whom the same w:is drawn that it had not been
and would not thereafter be paid, and a sua war cer-
tificate from the postmaster by whom it was u>&uea
that it had not been and would not berepaHtoyio
pmehasei; and a second fee sba 1 not be  < r
a duplicate mone>'Torder issued to leplace *
that has been rendered invalid 5Lr ,jate
mentation for payment within one jeai alter iL aaie,
or because of illegal indorsements.
The amendment was agreed to.
