4112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
The next amendment was to insert as an
additional section the following :
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That if any per-
son sball falsely forge or counterfeit, or willingly aid,
as&ist, or abet in falsely forging or counterfeiting, or
shall procure, directly or indirectly, to be falsely
forged or counterfeited any postal money order, or
any material signature or indorsement to any postal
money order issued by the Post Office Department,
or any of its agents, for the purpose and with the
intent of obtaining or receiving, directly or indi-
rectly, or of procuring or enabling others to obtain
or receive, directly or indirectly, any sum or sums
of money, and thereby to defraud either the United
States or any person of such sum or sums of money,
or any part thereof, or shall pass, utter, or publish,
or attempt to pass, utter, or publish as true any
such forged or counterfeited postal money order with
intent todefraud either the United States or anyper-
son of any sum or sums of money, knowing such
postal money order, or any signature or indorsement
thereon, to be so falsely forged or counterfeited,
every such person shall be deemed guilty of iclony,
and being thereof duly convicted shall be sentenced
to be imprisoned and kept at hard labor for a period
of not less than two years nor more than five years,
and to be fined in a sum not exceeding $3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as an
additional section the following:
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the Post-
master General be, and he is hereby, authorized to
appoint and_ employ on board of each of the mail
steamers plying on the route between San JTrancisco,
Japan, and China, and between San Francisco and
Honolulu, (Hawaiian Islands,) aG-overnmentagentm
charge of the United States mails, at an annual sal-
ary of $2,000 each per annum.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as an
additional section the following :
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the Post-
master General be, and hois hereby, authorized to
establish in connection with the United States mail
steamship service to Japan and China, a general
postal agency at Shanghai, China, with such branch
agencies at other ports in China and Japan as shall,
in his judgment, be necessary for the prompt and
efficient management of the postal scrvice in those
countries; and. to pay the postal agentsso appointed
and employed a reasonable compensation for their
services, in addition to the necessary expenses for
rent, furniture, clerk hire, Ac., to bo allowed at each
agency for conducting the postal business, a roport
on which shall be embraced in the annual report of
the Postmaster General.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as an
additional section the following:
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted. That for the more
effic ent management of the increased postal busi-
ness connected with the foreign mail service, the
Postmaster General be, and he is hereby, authorized
to appoint in his Department a superintendent of
foreign mails, at an annual salary of S3,000, and also
three additional clerks for that branch of the postal
service, to wit: One of class four, and two ot cluss
three; and that the salary of the superintendent of
the money-order system shall be &.'3,U00 per annum.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as an
additional section the following:
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That, the Post-
master General be, and ho is, authorized to appoint
in the office of the Third Assistant Postmaster Gen-
eral, a chief of division for the dead-letter oflice at a
salary of $2,500 per annum.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as an
additional section the following:
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That if any per-
son employed in any department of the Post Office
establishment of the United States shall, willfully
and knowingly, use or cause to be used in prepay-
ment of postage any; postage stamp or stamped en-
velope issued or which may hereafter be issued by
authority of any act of Congress or of the Postmaster
General which has already been once used for a like
purpose, or sball remove or attempt to remove the
canceling or defacing marks from any such po&tage
stamp or stamped envelope with intent to use or
cause tlje use ot tlic same a second time, or to sell
or offer to 3cll the same, or .shall remove fioin letters
or other mail matter deposited in or received at a
post office the stamps attached to the same in pay-
mentof postage, with intent to use the same a second
time for a like purpose, or to sell or offer to sell the
same, every such offender shall, upon conviction
thereof, be deemed guilty of felony, and shall be im-
prisoned for not less than one year nor more than
three years.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as an
additional section the following:
Seo. 11. And beit further enacted, Thatif any person
not employed in any depar'ment of the Post Office
establishment ol the United States shall commit any
of the offenses described in the preceding section of
this act every such person shall, on conviction thereof,
bo deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and be punished
by imprisonment for not less than six months nor
more than one year, or by a fine of not less than $100
nor more than $500 for each offense, or by both such
fine and imprisonment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as an
additional section the following:
Sec.12. And be it further enacted, That section nine
of iin act of Congress, approved July 1,186 J, author-
izing the sales of postage stamps and stamped envel-
opes at adiseount, be modified that the quantities
of each sold at any one time to the same party shall
not exceed $100 in value; and that such sales shall
bo restricted to certain designated agents who will
agree to sell again without discount under rules to
be fixed by the Postmaster General.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as an
additional section the following:
Sec. 13. And be it farther enacted, Thatit shall not
bo lawful to deposit in a post office, to bo sent by
mail, any letters or circulars concerning lotteries,
so-called gilt concerts, or other similar enterprises
offenngpri7.es of any kind on any pretext whatever,
and that postmasters receiving what they havo reason
to believe to be such letters or circulars, shall send
them to the dead-letter office.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as an
additional section the following:
Sec. 14. And be it farther enacted, That the Post-
master General be, and he is hereby, authorized and
empowered to establish a blank agency for tho Post
Oflice Department, to be located in the city of "Wash-
ington, District of Columbia, and to appoint one
supeiintendent at an annual salary of $1,800, one
assistant superintendent at an annual salary of
$1,600, and three other assistants at an annual salary
ot $1,000 each, and two laboreis at an annual salary
of $720 each.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as an
additional section the following:
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted. That the Post-
master General be, and ho is hereby, authorized to
conclude arrangements with tho po^t departments
of foreign countries, with which international postal
conventions have been or shall bo concluded, for tho
exchange of small sums of money by moans of postal
orders, the maximum amount ol which shall not ex-
ceed that lixed by law for domestic money ordeit, at
such rates of exchange and under sueli rules and
regulations as ho may deem expedient; and that the
expense incuned in establishing and conducting
such system of exchange may bo paid out of the pro-
ceeds of the money-order business.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amenchnent was to insert as an
additional section the following:
Sec. 10. Andbe it further enacted, That the proviso
in section three of tho act approved March 3,1825,
entitled "An act to reduce into one the several acts
establishing and regulating tho PostOffieo Depart-
ment," bo, and the same is hereby, repealed: Pro-
vided, That nothing herein contained shall repeal
any of the provisions of tho act approved July 11,
1^62, entitled "An act in relation to the Post Office
Department."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as an
additional section the following :
Sec. 17. And be it farther enacted, That if, on the
final settlement of the account of any postmaster, it
bha.ll appear that such postmaster is indebted to the
United States, and suitshall not bo instituted within
three years after the close of such account, then, and
in that case, the sureties on the bond ot such post-
master shall not be liable to the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as an
additional section the following:
Snc. 38. And be it farther enacted, That copicsof the
quarterly returns of postmasters, and of any papers
pei taming to tho accounts in the oflice of tho Auditor
of the Treasury for the Post Oliice Department, cer-
tified by hita under his seal of otlico, shall be admit-
ted as evidence in the courts of the United States in
criminal prosecutions, iu the same manner as the
same are now admitted in civil cases, as provided in
section fifteen of an act entitled "An act, to change
the organization of the Post Oflice Department, and
to provide more effectually for the settlement of the
accounts thereof," approved July 2,1838.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as an
additional section the following;
Sec. 19. And be it farther enacted, That in all suits
for the recovery of balances due from postmasters a
copy, duly certified under the seal ot the Auditor of
the Treasui y for the Post Office Department, ot tiie
statement of any postmaster, special agent, oi otner
person employed by tho Postmaster General or the
said Auditor for that purpose, that he has mailed a
letter to such delinquent postmaster at the post oliice
where tho indebtedness accrued, or at his last and
usual place of abode, and that a sufficient time has
eiapsedin the ordinary course of mail to have reached
its destination, and has not received payment of such
balance within the time designated in his instruc-
tions shall be received as sufficient evidence in the
court's of the United States or other courts that a de-
mand has been made on such deiji'quentposUnastcr:
Provided, nevertheless, That when the account of a
late postmaster has been once adjusted and settled,
and a demand made for the balance appearing to be
due ari l afterward allowances shall be made or
credits entered on the account, it shall not be neces-
sary to make a further demand for the new balance
found to be due.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as an
additional section the following :
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, That the Post-
master General is hereby authorized to prescribe a
uniform dress to be "worn by theletterearners at the
several free delivoiy offices, and that any person not
connected with this branch of the service who shall
wear tho uniform that may bo prescribed in accord-
ance herewith shall be deemed guilty of a misde-
deimor, and being convicted then of, shall, lor every
such offense, be fined not more than $1U0, or impris-
oned not more than six months or both, m the dis-
cretion of thecourt before whiehsuch conviction shall
be had.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill
was read tne third time, and passed.
h. MERCHANT AND CO. AND P. KOSECRANTZ.
Mr. WILLEY. I move that the Senate
proceed to tho consideration of Uouse bill No.
1020 reported to-day from the Committee on
Claims.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. No. 11320) for the relief of L. Merchant &
Co. and Peter Itoseerantz was considered by
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole. It
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to Leandcr Merchant, of the firm of L. Mer-
chant & Co., the sum of ยง109,412 81, the pro-
ceeds of six hundred and eighty-four'bales of
cotton, the private property of that firm, taken
erroneously and without due authority by. the
agents of the United States civil and military
authorities at Mobile, Alabama, in the month
of Apiil, 18G5, i-hipped to New York, sold by
the United States, and the proceeds paid into
the Treasury, the charges and expenses of the
United States having been deducted there-
from ; and to Peter iioseerantz the sum of
$3!),s!o3 10, the proceeds of two hundred and
forty-one bales of cotton, the private property
of liosecrantz, taken, sold, and appropriated
at the same time and place, and in the same
manner, the charges and expenses of the United
States having likewise been deducted therefrom.
Mr. 1IENDU1CKS. I should like to inquire
what rule of value has been adopted by the
committee, whether the value at Mobile or the
value at New York, and at what time, whether
at the time the property was taken or at some
other period.
Mr. WILLEY. "We took the proceeds of the
sale actually paid into the Treasury, deducting
the expenses for transportation. The cotton
was sold by the United States.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I expect that is the
right rule.
Mr. WILLEY. There was a very rigid
examination of this case in the House of Rep-
resentatives. I have compared the evidence
with the report made there. The report in the
House was unanimous ; the report in the Sen-
ate was unanimous. If any Senator desires
the reading of the report I will send it to the
desk.
1 he bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Ml. HOWARD. I inquire of the honorable
Senator from West Virginia whether this bill
has been examined by the Committee on
Claims /
Mr. WILLliiY. It comes from the Com-
mittee on Claims, reported this morning favor-
ably, alter a rigid and close examination. It
is a House bill, which has been passed by the
House, come here, referred to the Committee
on Claims, of which the honorable Senator is
a member, and examined by them this morning.
