2064
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
, Mr. WOODWARD. Then I was entirely
right in -whaf, I was saying. The gentleman did
charge, upon the authority of newspapers 
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman
will pardon me, and remember that the McCar-
dle case was introduced into this discussion bv
himself. '
Mr. WOODWARD. I made an inquiry of
the gentleman in regard to the McCardle case;
but the point I am now upon is this 
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Excuse me; but
I do not intend to get too far away from the
remarks of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Boyer.]
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman allow
me to conclude what I was saying?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Very well.
Mr._ MAYNARD. I will simply observe
that lis pendens is the highest notice. Surely
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wood-
ward] has not been here listening to what was
going on in that high tribunal without knowing,
just as well as he knows any fact, from the
line of argument of counsel, to say nothing
about what has appeared in the newspapers,
that this McCardle case was brought up for no
purpose in the world except to test and settle
political questions. It is a political suit; that
and nothing else, and brought for that purpose
alone. And decency and propriety, according
to my ideas, require that wc should, by our
legislation, put an end to that suit and save the
court from further annoyance'or further occa-
sion to engage in any discussion, or to make
any decision of that kind.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Now, Mr. Speaker,
I wish to notice very briefly the last remarks
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Bover,] and I do not intend that that gentle-
man shall escape from his responsibility as a
member of this House by any specious plea
such as he has put in here to-day and on last
Saturday.
Mr.BOYER, The gentleman will find that
there is no design on this side to escape from
responsibility.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman will
pardon me ; he has had his say, and I prefer
not to be interrupted just now.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania was in his
seat; he heard that amendment read. It took
some time to read it. The gentleman was not
deprived of an opportunity of making an in-
quiry. He did not even attempt to do so. He
sat in his seat dumb. Now, will he say that
after that bill was introduced he understood
by the rules of the House that I could not offer
an amendment? Will he say that he did not
hear the amendment read ? If he knew that I
might offer the amendment, why did lie not
object to the bill ? If he heard the amendment
read, why did he not, at least, make some at-
tempt to get some explanation of it?
Mr. BOYER. Because there was no time.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman did
not even rise in his seat and attempt to object.
Mr. BOYER. And because the measure
was introduced in such a way as to disarm
suspicion.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Disarm suspicion !
Were the gentleman's ears closed while the
amendment was being read ?
Mr. BOYER. The gentleman asks me a
question and I will answer it. I am sometimes,
like the gentleman from Iowa, engaged in
other matters than attending to the reading of
bills which are presented, especially when the
nature of the bill has been explained to me,
and when by that explanation it appears per-
fectly harmless.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I beg the gentle-
man's pardon. The amendment had not been
explained to him, but it was read in his hear-
ing, while he was sitting in his place as a Rep-
resentative of the people. It was understood
by other members on that side of the House,
for they have so stated in their places.
Mr. BOYER. Will the gentleman say that
the amendment upon its face explains its full
nature and effect ?
Mr, WILSON, of Iowa. Will the gentle-
man say that any law upon its face explains
its full nature and all of its effects ?
Mr. BOYER. Yes, sir; I do say that some
laws do that.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Are all amend-
ments to be so drawn that by the mere reading
of them members shall understand their entire
scope and bearing ?
Mr. BOYER. As an example of what I
said, I may remark that the bill to which this
amendment was attached does explain itself;
its whole nature and effect are apparent upon
its face.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If the gentleman
would not listen to the reading of the amend-
ment what right had I to expect that he would
listen to an explanation ? The gentleman sat
there while that bill was being read, and after
it was read the amendment was also read at
the Clerk's desk, yet, as I have stated, the
gentleman did not even attempt to interpose
an objection or an inquiry. Now, sir, it was
fair for me to presume from the terms of my
amendment that any gentleman eould under-
stand the general scope of its provisions.
Mr. BOYER. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Certainly.
Mr. BOYER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man this question: if the nature and effect
of this proposition were so obvious that any
one could read them upon its face, why have
so many gentlemen upon the majority side of
the House boasted of the proceeding since as
a most excellent trick on their part to entrap
the minority?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I do not know that
any gentleman lias made any such boast, though
it may have been so. If gentlemen on this
side have made a boast of that kind, it may
have been founded on the seeming dullness of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania in notunder-
standing the amendment when it was read by
the Clerk.
Mr. BOYER. Or, perhaps, upon the seeming
candor of the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman
from Iowa said nothing 011 the subject at all.
Mr. WOOD. Will the gentleman from Iowa
permit me to say a few words?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. How long does the
gentleman want?
Mr. WOOD. One or two minutes.
Mr. WILSON; of low.a. Oh, yes; I will
yield the gentleman three minutes.
The SPLAlvER. The gentleman from Iowa
has but three minutes remaining.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Then 1 yield to the
gentleman two minutes.
Mr, WOOD. 1 desire to call the attention
of the gentleman from Iowa and of the House
to this tact, that the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means occupies a very pecu-
liar position in this House.
He has charge of revenue matters. He has
charge of what we term the legislation of the
House, and when he rises in his place to call
from the Speaker's table an ordinary revenue
bill apparently it is almost always the case he
receives the unanimous consent; but it is not
always the case, after a bill has been introduced
by unauimous consent, an amendment is
attached to it, which could not have got in
under other circumstances, which refers en-
tirely to another subject, and which, as an
original proposition, would lead to a great deal
of opposition and debate.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Both referred to
the same subject.
Mr. WOOD. One word further. Mr.
Speaker, I think our side of the House is not
entirely blameless in this matter. When it
occurred I was in the library reading; but
when it did occur I think the old members
who sat here on our side are censurable for
the neglect they showed on that occasion.
Now, to show how the gentleman's own
political friends view this subject—to show it
is not Democrats alone who look upon this
procedure with marked disfavor—I desire to
send to the Clerk's desk to have read an arti-
cle from the New York Times, a Republican
paper, edited by Henry J. Raymond,
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I cannot yield for
that purpose.
Mr. WOOD. I have not exhausted my two
minutes.
Mr. NIBLACK, Let it be read. We will
extend the time of the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Then I yield.
Mr. WOOD. It is Republican authority.
The Clerk read as follows
,4 Congress and the Supreme Court—"Sharp Practice■
We see nothing very adroit, and certainly nothing
very creditable, in the hurried passage of a bill nom-
inally relating to appeals in internal revenue caees,
but really designed to remove the McCardle case and
all similar casesfromthe jurisdictionof theSuprerae
Court, in its original shape, as introduced by Mr.
Trumbull, the proposition would have encountered
strenuous opposition. It was considered, very justly,
a dangerous intoileronce with the authority of the
court and a disingenuous attempt to evade judicial
criticism of the constitutionality of thereconstruction
acts; and, though opposition would probably have
.been futile, it would unquestionably have served to
give prominence to the real nature of the proceed-
ing, the purpose of its authors, and its effect upon a
coordinate authority in the Government. On Thurs-
day, however, a bill was brought up in the House
which on its face boro no evidence of importance. It
seemed to be no more than a measure required to
relievo collectors of'internal revenue from annoy-
ance; and so it professed to be. Taking advantago
of the absence of Democratic members, and without
affording the slightcstclue to its objectand scope, an
amendment was added repealing so much of a cer-
tain act as provides tor an appeal in habeas corpus
cases from the circuit court to the United States Su-
preme Court. No opposition was offered becauso
nobody not in the sccret understood the game, and
ihe bill, as amended, passed at once. It was carried
to tho Senate, where it slipped through with equal
celeiity. Not until it had escaped the legislative
ordeal was its import understood or its effect upon
the ease now undergoing argument in the court.
"If tho only interests involved were thoseof party,
wo mi4?ht smile at the dexterity with which the Dem-
ocratic members and Senators were outwitted. And
if in legislation that passes for dexterous strategy
which in ordinary Kfo would be denounced as trickeiy
or fraud, wo might set down the Democrats as dull-
witted fellows, whom their sharper associates are
privileged to out-maneuver. But the pioceeding
has more than a personal or partisan significance. A
trick it is, and as a trick it will bo remembered, but
it is a trick by which Congress is enabled to forestall
the action of the Supremo Court, and prevent an
adverxo decision on the merits of reconstruction by
limiting the jurisdiction of the court. Unless tho
court refuses to be so restrained, and thus conges into
direct c-uUi-ion wUh Congress, all chance of obtain-
ing a judgement is destroyed. Whether the recon-
struction law is constitutional or otherwise is no
longer a matter of moment to sufferers from its pro-
vibions. They are denied the privilege of testing tho
validity of the law by a proceeding which is virtually
retroactive, and which renders the administration of
justice bubordin.tte to partisan ends.
"The shamelossness with which the thing is done
suggests a humiliating eommentary upon the temper
of Congress and the ellect of its legislation upon tho
mostcherishedmHitutions of thccountry. In better
days changes affecting the judiciary were discussed
calmly, carefully, and with no immediate referenco
to their effect upon parties. They were, in fact, dis-
cussed and settled on their merits. Now, we have a
measure arresting justice in its course, forcing out of
court a case rightfully there, awaiting argument and
judgment, and forbidding tho recognition of cases
affecting the constitutionality of statutes under which
the States arc to be brought into the Union: and
thi& measuxe not subjected to examination, not de-
bated or explained, not understood or even known,
but hurried through both Chambers almost with the
quickness of lightning, and for a purpose of which
the ruling party are ashamed.
The SPEAKER. The hour of the gentle-
man from Iowa has expired.
Mr. NIBLACK. I move that the gentle-
man's time be extended.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. There are two or
three unfortunate features about that, so far as
the other side of the House is concerned. In
the first place, the gentleman presents it as a
Republican authority.
Mr. WOOD. Henry J. Raymond, of tho
New York Times.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I read the article
some days ago. I do not know any member
on this side of the House who would acknowl-
edge the New York Times as a Republican
paper. It opposes more Republican measures
than it supports,
Mr. WOOD. \ We do not acknowledge it as
a Democratic paper.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Then it must stand
between us. Laughter.]
