1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3089
■otter States need for their business. Take a
manufacturing, a, commercial, a mechanical
community, and it needs ten, twenty, or thirty
times over the amount of banking capital and
circulation that a purely agriculiural popula-
tion needs. Everybody knows that; and there-
fore the idea of equalizing the banking circu-
lation of the country according to population
is an absurd idea, and should be abandoned
at once. Sir, there is, however, too much in-
equality now, and I will join with Senators at
any time in trying to correct it.
Mr. DRAK15. Mr. President. I have not
assailed New Englaud nor New England cap-
ital. I have oniy endeavored to repel an as-
sault upon this measure which comes from that
region and regions that are similarly situated
to that with regard to the abundance of their
means. The chairman of the Finance Com-
mittee stated that the specific object of this
amendment was to enable certain regions of
the country to obtain circulation which are now
without it, or which have a very small amount
of it; and, incidentally, the measure is assailed
with opposition from that region which is over-
flowing with circulation. 1 do not assail them.
They ace assailing the courftry that X come from
and the interests of the country that I come
from. I am only repelling that assault.
Now, sir, I take issue of fact with the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts upon the
matter of mqney per capita in tliis country at
this time as compared with 1800. 1 think the
iionorable Senator from Massachusetts referred
only to the paper circulation of the country in
18b0per capita. I included the whole circu-
lation, coin and paper, and in the then popu-
lation of the country, 1 assert as a matter of
fact, which I believe susceptible of proof and
established by official data, tbat the circulation
per capita was lifteen dollars, while now 1
believe it is capable of verilication by the offi-
cial facts that it is only twelve dollars and
some cents; and the fact is that the period of
1860 was not a period of inflation in the cur-
rency of the country. Are we going to get
into a period of inflation now, even if we were
to take the circulation of the couutry up to the
same ratio per capita that it was in 18U0.
Mr. President, 1 say again, that 1 do not
pretend to understand this whole subject, but
I think I can see it plainly enough to under-
stand that the interests of tlie people [ repre-
sent in the great valley of the Mississippi are
concerned in this matter, and deeply concerned
in it—that people who are now paying annu-
ally millions of dollar? perhaps of interest to
the capitalists of the East for money borrowed
from them, and for which the eastern capital-
ists hold mortgages upon their property. They
want money and banking facilities to move
their products. All that I ask is tliat they
shall have some little share of what is going in
the county in that way.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President 
Mr. POJIEROr. If the Senator will yield
the floor, I will make a motion that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr.. SHERMA.N. I should like to have a
vote on this "section.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand that the
Senator from California desires to address the
Senate at some length on this question.
Mr. COLE. Not at any length.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have a
vote on tliis question.
Mr. COLE. I am willing to waive what I
have to say until we take the vote on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont, if that be
deemed desirable.
Mr. SHERMAN'. I think we had better
vote on it.
Mr. POME ROY. If the Senate is ready to
vote I wiliidrawmy motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator irom
Vermont to the amendment of the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I shall occupy
the attention of the Senate for but a few minutes.
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 194.
Mr. COLE. If there is to be further debate
I would rather go on. I yielded the floor to
allow a vote to be taken.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to ask unanimous
consent to call up a bill with a view of offering
some amendments to it for the purpose of
having them printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Kentucky yield the floor ?
Mr. DAVIS. I object to any motion of that
kiud by the honorable Senator from Nevada.
He intervenes so many of his rapid and quick
movements here that!have become suspicious
of him. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEWART. I will state that it is a
bill 
Mr. DAVIS. I object to the Senator making
his statement.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. I suppose the Senator from Kentucky
will yield to that motion. ;,t
Mr. DAVIS. 1 do.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Ken-
tucky yielding the floor, I move that Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to.
message l-'kom the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPuebsos, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the amendments
of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 1058) to
admit th$ States of North Carolina, South
Carolina, Louisiana. Georgia, and Alabama to
representation in Congress.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the bill (S. No. 280) grant-
ing a pension to Michael JLIennessy, of Platte
county, Missouri.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a joint resolution (H. R. No. '2U4)
donating to the Washington City Orphan Asy-
lum the iron railing taken from the old llall
of the House of Representatives, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
kxkoi.led hill signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker had signed the enrolled bill (II. R.
No. 10o8) to admit the States of North Caro-
lina, Suuth Carolina, Georgia, Alabama and
Florida to representation in Congress; and it
was thereupon signed by the President pro
tempore.
DISABILITIES OF NOItTII CAROLINIANS.
Mr. STEWART from the Committee 011 the
Judiciary, reported amendments to be pro-
posed to the bill (H. R. No. 1059) to relieve
citizens of North Carolina of disabilities ; which
were ordered to be printed.
executive session.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration
of executive business; and after some time
spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, June 12, 18G8.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Bostxtox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
american sharpshooters' festival.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks unani-
mous consent to lay before the House the
following invitation, which has the appeaiance
of being national in its character :
This Executive Committke of this
American Shari'suooters' jSooirty,
K Elf Yobk, June 9,18SS.
Hon. schpylkk Col!■ a x.
Speaker of the House of Representative*;
Mr. Speaker : Under the auspices of the National
Association of American Sh.up&hooters a great
national t'cotivul will bp held from Juno 27 to July 6,
ISijS, at Jones's Wood. New York city; the festivities
to bo opened on the 23th of June with a. grand public
demonstration and jiroeessiou.
The object of tho festival, the third of this kiud I
ever held in America, is not only to bring togethor .
once more tiio societies and organisations of sharp- '■
shooters existing in the United States, and thereby
promote the particular objects of tlie association, but
also to foster and cultivate the unity and harmony
of the different nationalities representing tbe power,
civilization, and progress of the American Republic.
In compliance with a resolution of the above asso-
ciation, we beg leave to tender you and the members
of the House this invitation, with the most respect-
ful request to honor our festival with your presence.
With the highest respect, we remain, Mr. Speaker,
your obedient servants.
For the National Association of American Sharp-
shooters: The Executive Committee.
P. F. STEFFEN,
President,
Maximilian Morgenthac, Secretary.
h\ slftel.
GEOllUK KUSTER,
CMAltLES G. CORNELD,
JO. CHRIST.
Committee of Invitation.
Address: M. Morgknthau, Secretary, die., No. 8G
Fourth avenue, New York.
Mr. JUDD. I move that the invitation be
accepted, and that the House be represented
at the opening ceremony by a committee of
seven of its members.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I hope
not. It is a very bad practice to learn our
people to shoot sharp. [Laughter.]
Mr. SPALDING. We want to send some
of our sharp-shooters.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The gen-
tleman can do that, undoubtedly.
The motion of Mr. Judd was agreed to.
Mr. CHANLER moved to reconsider the
vote just taken; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed as the committee
Messrs. Jcdd, Garfield, Paine, Chaxlee,
Ortii, Robertson, and Kxott.
message from tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gor-
1iam, its Secretary, announced that that body
had passed the following bills, each with an
amendment, in which tlie concurrence of the
House was requested :
A bill (H. R. No. 870) to remove disabilities
from Roderick It. Butler, of Tennessee; and
A bill (H. It. No. 598) to continue the
Bureau for the relief of Freedmen and Refu-
gees, aud for other purposes.
leave of absence.
Mr. VAN AUKEN asked and obtained
leave of absence for one week.
Mr. ALLISON asked and obtained leave of
absence for two days.
donation of ikon railings.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I ask
unanimous consent to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 294)donating to the Washing-
ton City Orphan Asylum the iron railing taken
from the old Hall of the House of Representa-
tives. It has come from the Committee on
Appropriations, and there will be no objection
to it.
Mr. SPALDING. I would like to know if
the Committee on Appropriations can appro-
priate iron fences. [Laughter.] I object to it.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. Let it be
read.
Mr. SPALDING. If the gentleman will
offer it .on his own individual hook I will make
no objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, I
will olfer it on my own hook.
The resolution was read. It donates the
iron railings to the Washington City Orphan
Asylum, provided that the same shall be taken
away in ten days after the passage of this act.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I havo
received the following letter on this subject:
Architect's Office, Capitol Extension;
Washington, D. C„ Jit«e 12,1808.
SiR: In reply to your verbal inquiries on behalf
01 the Committee on Appropriations relative to the
iron railing recently taken from the old Hall of Rep-
resentatives, Ihave the honor to state that the rail-
ing is not required for any purpose about the Capitol,
nor do 1 know where it can be used to any advan-
tage at any of tho otherpublic buildings.
An unnecessary heavy expense will be incurred by
using tins railing at the public grounds; the pattern
being very expensive, so that the additional railing
to match, which might have to be purchased, will
make the fenoc cost much more than a more suitable
oae should. I therefore recommancl that it t>e 4is*
