1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1041
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the pension-rolls, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Mary Graham, mother of John
Graham, alias Patrick Ryan, late of company
A, eighteenth United States infantry; com-
mencing September 10, 1866.
It appears from the report, which was read,
that Mrs, Mary Graham is a widow, aged fifty-
five, with a number of young children depend-
ent upon he'r for support, and claims a pension
on account of the death of her son, John Gra-
ham, alias Patrick Ryan. He enlisted, at the
age of eighteen, October 10, 1SG1, in company
A, ninety-fourth New York volunteers. On
September 12, 1862, with a boy's caprice, he
left his regiment, and after eighteen days en-
listed under the name of Patrick Ryan in the
regular Army. He received a bounty of
twenty-five dollars, much less than the pay he
forfeited by leavingthe ninety-fourth New York
volunteers. He was engaged at the battle of
Chiekamauga, and was taken prisoner. He was
in the Richmond, the Danville, and the Ander-
son ville prisons, and after exchange went home
on parole, being sick.
In October, 1865, by expiration of his term
of enlistment, he was discharged from the
Army, his discharge papers showing his char-
acter to have been good. Iiis sickness, the
result of bis imprisonment in rebel prisons,
resulted in his death September 10, 1866. The
Commissioner of Pensions refused his pension
because of his being a deserter. After full
consideration the committee repoit a bill grant-
ing a pension.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
e. d. gage.
Mr. PERHAM, from the same committee,
reported adversely on the petition of 13. D.
Gage, praying for a pension ; which was laid
on the table.
elizabeth butler.
Mr. PERHAM, from the same committee,
also reported a bill (H. R. No. 668) granting a
pension to Elizabeth Butler, widow of Cyrus
Butler; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the pension-rolls, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the'pension laws,
the name of Elizabeth Butler, widow ot Cyrus
Butler, late a special agent in the provost mar-
shal's officein the nineteenth Pennsylvania dis-
trict, as the widow of a second lieutenant, com-
mencing October 31, "1864.
It appears from the report that Elizabeth
Butler is the widow of Cyrus Butler, who was
appointed special agent in the office of Captain
II. S. Campbell, provost marshal nineteenth
district of Pennsylvania. He was wounded in
the discharge of his duty while attempting to
arrest a deseiter on the SOth of October, 1864,
and died from the effects of his wound October
31, 1804. The pension laws include all provost
marshals, assistant provost marshals, and en-
rolling officers, but they do not include this
officer, as he was appointed as a special agent
at the time he received liis wound. He was
performing the duties of assistant provost mar-
shal.
Mr. ROSS. Upon what ground is the pen-
sion put of that of the widow of a second lieu-
tenant V
Mr. PERHAM. T will answer the gentle-
man that by the pension laws provost marshals
and enrolling officers who may bo wounded
while serving notifications on deserters are
ranked as second lieutenants.
Mr. COYODE. I think this dates back too
far.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Who appointed this
man special agent? Was it by the Provost
40th Cong. 2d Srs*. No. 66.
Marshal General or the provost marshal of
the district? In what capacity was he engaged?
Mr. PERHAM. He wss designated by the
provost marshal of the dist: .ct and appointed by
the Provost Marshal General. He was wounded
while attempting to arre: o a deserter, which
wound caused his death.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. In what character
was he employed ? This bill, I see, proposes
to give a pension as second lieutenant. In
what capacity was he employed? Was it as
detective or was he sent out to arrest desert-
ers? Had he been in the Army? Was he act-
ing as a constable? As this bill proposes to
grant a pension the same as that allowed to a
lieutenant,, it is a new precedent, and it seems
to me we ought to be careful how we act upon
the matter. It seems to me we ought to have
some statement of the nature of the case, and
some reason given why the widow should get
a larger pension than the widow of a private
soldier.
Mr. PERHAM. I will answer thegentleman
by saying that the law provides that provost
marshals, assistant provost marshals, and en-
rolling officers who may be injured in the per-
formance of duties like serving notices on
dralted men or arresting deserters, when sent
to perform that kind of duty, are included
within the pensions law and recorded as in
the service of the United States. Special
agents are not by the general law so included.
They, however, as we understand now, had to
perform the same duty. This man was acting
as an officer for the purpose of arresting de-
serters, and in the discharge of that duty was
injured in the manner specified.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. V, ras he injured be-
cause lie was engaged in that duty I What
were the circumstances of his injury?
Mr. PERHAM. If he was not so injured
the committee would not have recommended
a pension.
Mr. ROSS. I move to strike out the pay
of lieutenant and insert the pay of a private.
The SPEAKER. The report states that he
was wounded while attempting to arrest a
deserter.
Mr. PERHAM. I hope the motion of the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ross] will not
prevail. It is the law as applied to other
officers who were acting on precisely the same
duty.
Mr. COVODE. I wish to ask from what
time the pension is to date. Does it date back
to 18C4?
Mr. PERHAM. It dates from the time the
injury was received, treating him precisely as
we treat every other person in like services.
Mr. COVODE. I do not object to the pen-
sion, but I tlimk it should date from the present
time.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask my colleague to
yield to me.
Mr. PERHAM. t Certainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to say in con-
nection with this bill that it does not have the
unanimous assent of the Committee on Pen-
sions. The question in regard to these deputy
provost marshals came up in the last Congress,
and I opposed the pensioning of them. 1 am
still opposed to doing it. In the first place,
these persons were never in the service of the
United States. The regulation of the Provost
Marshal General, after the passage of the con-
scription act, required the district provost mar-
shal to supply a deputy in each of the counties
composing his district. They were appointed
and were paid a salary, but in nine cases in
every ten they discharged no duty whatever.
They were directed by orders from time to
time issued to look after deserters. They
received as a general thing, varying in differ-
ent circumstances, from one hundred to one
hundred and fifty dollars a month, never going
out of their immediate locality or beyond the
bounds of the county in whieli they lived, and
in a large majority of cases they never dis-
charged any duty whatever.
These places were sinecures. They were of
no earthly necessity to the Government as a
general thing. The Government also paid at
that time and for some time succeeding thirty
dollars in addition for every deserter that was
arrested. All these persons had to do was to
point out a deserter and some one else arrested
him and took him to the provost marshal at
headquarters and received the thirty dollars
for delivering him there. Now, these deputy
marshals were in no sense of the word military
officers. They had no rank: they were never
enlisted ; they were never mustered ; they were
never borne on any rolls; and, in my judg-
ment, they should not be entitled to the ben-
efit of the pension laws.
I bring these facts to the notice of the House
so that we may have an expression upon this
very case, as there will undoubtedly be others
that will be governed by the same principle.
After investigating this case, and being per-
fectly familiar with the duties of these deputy
provost marshals, having once served as pro-
vost marshal myself, I give it as my judgment
that this bill ought not to pass.
Mr. PERHAM. In reply to my colleague,
I will say that it is very true that much of the
duties of these special agents, as assistant pro-
vost marshals, was merely clerical, and the
committee at the last Congiess took care to
provide that they should not be entitled to any
pension in consequence of any casualty occur-
ring while engaged in any of these clerical
duties, or of any sickness or disease that might
be contractcd while engaged in that duty. But
they did provide that when these officers went
out for the purpose of arresting deserters—a
kind of business that every man who lives in
the border States especially, and some who
live in the northern States know was more
dangerous than any service in the field—they
should be regarded as within the line of duty
in the military service, and receive pensions
accordingly.
In this special case, this man was killed
while engaged in arresting a deserter. It is
immaterial to the committee what action the
House may take in regard to the case, but they
deemed it proper, as this man was killed in the
service, that his heirs should receive a pension.
Mr. LOGAN. I would ask the gentleman
whether or not the law authorizing the payment
of pensions to soldiers and sailors and to the
widows of those who have served in the Army
and Navy embraces this class of persons?
Mr. PERHAM. The law passed during the
last Congress does include all except special
agents. It includes provost marshals, assist-
ant provost marshals, and enrolling officers
while engaged in these duties I have specified.
Mr. LOGAN. You say^hey are included
in the law?
Mr. PERHAM. They are.
Mr. LOGAN. What was the character of
the service this man performed ?
Mr. PERHAM. He was acting as special
agent, appointed under the direction of the
Provost Marshal General, as the records of
that office show.
Mr. LOGAN. Then persons of this class
are not included in the pension lawe?
Mr. PERHAM. Special agents were not
included.
Mr. LOGAN. Exactly; that is what I
wanted to know. Then if he is not included
in the law, and was merely doing service as an
agent, I would ask whether, if a man who per-
formed clerical duties in the provost marshal's
office, who was not a soldier, was not detailed
as such nor assigned to duty as such, but was
merely employed by the provost marshal to do
clerical duty in his office, should while per-
forming that duty and by accident be wounded,
he would be entitled to a pension?
Mr. PERHAM. As I understand the law
he would not.
Mr. LOGAN. Then this man is not.
Mr. PERHAM. 'The law applies only to
those engaged in this special service.
Mr. LOGAN. Then this man is not entitled
to it.
Mr. PAINE. If we prove that the facts are
as the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Benja-
