4114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
Mr. HENDERSON. It will be observed
that the Department estimated $75,000. I out
it down to $20,000, because I believed $75,000
was an enormous sum for the purpose ; I did
not believe that it ought to be appropriated,
and a subsequent part of the communication
shows very clearly the reason why it ought to
be cut down. They estimated for removing the
Indians in wagons,which is totally unnecessary.
They can remove themselves much more easily
and cheaply. All that will be necessary will
be subsistence during the period of removal.
Now, if it be true that there is a large number
of Cherokees absent from their homes, it is
quite essential that they should returu, and the
only question is whether the money should be
paid out of the Treasury or paid out of the
Cherokee fund. Something, Iapprehend,ought
to be done for the purpose of furnishing sup-
plies during the time of removal. However,
the Senator from Iowa is much more familiar
with these matters than 1 am, and ought to
speak with a larger degree of knowledge on the
subject.
Mr. HARLAN. I know that the chairman
of the commit tee would not recommend an
amendment that he did not think right; but
there are Cherokees scattered all around; there
is a large number of them in North Carolina,
and a few of them scattered in nearly all the
southern States. If we enter on the system
of going around and gathering up these fugi-
tive Indians 1 do not see any end to it. Be-
sides, these Cherokees who are now in the
Indian country are rich, and they are selling
their vast domain to other Indians in large
tracts by a provision contained in the treaty
made with them in I8G6. When they finish
those sales, as they will doubtless do before we
get all the Indians out of Kansas and Nebraska
down to the Indian country, they will be the
richest people in the world. They have a reg-
ular legislature and courts and a regular gov-
ernment, and if they desire to make an appro-,
priation out of their own funds to aid their
absent people to return, it may be well enough
for them to do it; but they have the power to
do it without any assistance from this Govern-
ment, and I doubt very much if the suggestion
made by the Senator could be legally adopted
to make an appropriation to be paid out. of
their funds. The treaties require any money
due them from this Governmentto be paid over
to their government authorities, and we have
no legal right, as it seems to me, to divert it
without their consent. I do not think this
Government can enter into a system of this
kind. It might be very humane to undertake
this work ; but I see no end to it, and it never
has been undertaken before, to go around and
gather up fugitive Indians in the Indian coun-
try, to take them from one location in the
Indian country to another, when the Indians
are wealthy and able to take care of them-
selves. If these were poor Indians, if they had
nothing, if they were totally dependent on the
charity of the national Government, or if they
were hostile Indians, and it became necessary
to remove them in order to prevent depreda-
tions, it would commend itself doubtless to a
majority of the Senate ; but there are no such
reasons for this appropriation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the first clause of the amendment.
The clause was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the second clause of the amend-
ment.
Mr. CONNESS. Let it be read.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Insert after line fifteen hundred and sixty-seven:
To pay expenses of two commissioners appointed
l;o appraise Cherokee neutral lands, or so much there-
of lib may be necessary, $4,550, to be refunded from
sales of said lands.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next, amendment of the Committee on
Indian Affairs was alter line fifteen hundred
and eighty to insert:
For completing the construction of irrigating; canal
on the Colorado reservation m Arizona, fsi.oOO.
For the maintenance of Indians brought by the
military to the Colorado reservation, and kept there,
$20,000.
For expenses of removing Shoshones, Bannocks,
Snakes; and other a trolling: bands of Indians m
Idaho, to Fort Hall reserration, andfortheir support
for one year thereafter, $25,000.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask for an explanation
of the first item of this amendment:
For completing the construction of irrigating canal
on the Colorado reservation in Arizona, $34,500.
It is a large sum, but doubtless there is some
reason for it, possibly a sufficient reason.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have in my hand
the estimate of the Department on the subject.
The Senate will remember that some yearsago
there was an attempt made to conduct water
to this Colorado reservation from the Colorado
river. It became apparent that agriculture
could not be carried on there with any degree
of success without irrigation, and a scheme
was adopted to conduct a canal some twenty-
five or thirty miles to the reservation ; and an
appropriation was made several years ago of
$50,000 to construct that canal. 1 know noth-
ing in regard to it except the statement of the
superintendent and the agent upon the reser-
vation. The Department says:
"For completing the construction of irrigating
canal on the Colorado reservation in Arizona, &c„
1,600.
"This item is omitted in bill. The work on this
canal referred to in this itom has boon commenced
and is being pushed forward as fast as possible.
When completed it will bo about thirty miles long,
and capable of irrigating several thousand acres of
good tillable land. If theappropriation is not mado,
the money already oxpended in the wmkwill have
been of no benclit. This, however, is not tho most
urgentreason lor continuing tho work to completion;
there aro several thousand Indians now on tlio reser-
vation ; they arc assisting in digging tho canal, with
tho expectation, from promises made to them, that
it will bo completed, and that they will be started in
farming operations. Should tho work now stop no
white man would daro remain on the reservation.
They (the Indians) are in tho habitof killing pc^ons
who fail to provo what they say; and tho reservation
might as well be broken up and the Indians left to
return to theirformorhabits.
" Superintendent Dent is eonfidont, if the appro-
priation is made, that the work can be completed this
year, and that tho Indians, after raising their first
crops, will be able to subsist themselves.
This reservation is on the Colorado river in
Arizona. We have in this bill made an appro-
priation of only two dollars per head for the In-
dians in Arizona. I think myself the appro-
priation ought to be larger, though wo have
increased it largely beyond what the House of
Representatives allowed. The House in their
bill allowed $35,000, and we have increased it
to $70,000. The number of Indians in Arizona
is about thirty-five thousand, making only two
dollars per head. There was an attempt a lew
years ago to concentrate the Indians 111 Ari-
zona, who have been hostile to a very large
extent, upon this Colorado reservation. A
great deal of difficulty lias existed during the
last six months with the Indians in Arizona.
Tlioy were all declared hostile by military
edict, except those who were on the Colorado
reservation, and war was waged until General
McDowell issued an order stopping it. The
attempt is now to concentrate them all or as
large a number as can possibly be obtained to
go on the Colorado reservation, which I am
told is worthless. Mr. Dent says it is utterly
worthless, unless this irrigating canal shall be
completed. I, like the Senator from Jowa,
thought it was a very large sum; it struck me
with astonishment at first; but on examination
I find that all the officials concur in saying that
it is essential. From all the information I can
get the $50,000 already spent on the canal
will be entirely lost unless we go on with the
work. The question is whether we shall aban-
don the reservation and abandon the $50,000
we have put into the work, or whether we shall
go in a little further. That is all.
Mr. CONNESS. It ought to be known to
the Senate that there has been an Indian war
maintained in Arizona for many years, and
that we have now a very large number of our
standing Army there. I think there are not
less than four regiments in Arizona. The cost
of maintaining them and keeping up tho war
that has been carried on there is very great.
It has cost a great many million dollars. .The
ordor to which the Senator from Missouri has
referred was one issued by a sub-commander ;
and but for the judicious management of Gen-
eral McDowell, commanding the department,
there would have been very heavy and extraor-
dinary expenditures there. The expenditures
are very heavy at best, the most that can be
done. Mr. Dent, the present superintendent,
is personally known to many of the Senators.
I know him very well. No better man could
be put there possibly. He has a field now car-
ried on by irrigation amounting to some sev-
enteen hundred acres, very successfully culti-
vated by the Indian labor. Although this as
a single appropriation may seem large, yet it
is but a small item compared to the gross ex-
penditures that are constantly going on for
trying to maintain peace with Indians by the
application of force to them. No better appro-
priation than this can be made • no higher
economy can be afforded than its adoption.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. In relation to this ap-
propriation, although it seems large, I think
it is wise economy on the part of the Go%'ern-
meut to make it. It will test the question
whether the Colorado valley, which is a very
important valley in Arizona, is really to be a
valley where there cau be a large amount of
cultivation. The evidences are that it has
been cultivated in some very distant age; be-
cause there aro the remains of old acequias up
and down the valley ; and perhaps it was once
the site of a very populous people. If it
should be proved by the expenditure_ of this
money that that valley is capable of irrigation,
we may, perhaps, show that Arizona, notwith-
standing what we have heard of it at the pres-
ent time, is capable of great production in an
agricultural way.
Mr. CONNESS. I will say to the Senator
that there is no question in regard to the capa-
city of that land at all, if you only give it
water; it is a mere question of getting water.
Mr. COLE. I would like to inquire of the.
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs
what tribe or tribes are gathered on this reser-
vation that it is proposed to irrigate, aud what
number of Indians are there, if he has any
information on that head ? There are several
tribes of Indians in Arizona that are friendly
and cultivating the ground in a very creditable
manner; but as a general rule in that Terri-
tory the white people are on the reservation
and the Indians have the country. The mili-
tary authorities, though pretty strong, are
unable to control the Apaches of thatcountry,
and perhaps a portion of Comanches some-
times visit that Territory. The expenses that
the military department have incurred in that
Territory have been exceedingly great; and I
regret that the military department has not
been more successful in quelling the hostile
Indians, if these irrigating operations are to
benefit a very considerable number of the
Indians there and keep them quiet, certainly
there could be 110 better disposition made of
that amount of money. I do not know myself
what tribe this is ; whether the Yumas, or J?i-
Utes, or Maricopas, or what tribes are upon
this reservation.
Mr. HOWARD. The amendment speaks
of thecompletion of a certain irrigating canal.
I beg to inquire whether appropriations of
money have been made by Congress for the
construction of such canals? Is the chairman
of the Indian Committee able to answer the
question ?
Mr. HENDERSON. I did not hear the
question.
Mr. HOWARD. The question is whether
there have been appropriations by Congress
for the construction ot irrigating canals in
Arizona ?
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir; for the pur-
pose of building this canal an appropriation
was made in 1860-67 of $50,000. I hold in
my hand a communication from Mr. Dent,
superintendent of Indian affairs there, under
date of August 5, 1867, in which he asks for
this appropriation to complete the canal. We
