8090
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
loosed of, by sale or otherwise, in order to get it away
from the front of the Capitol.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
„ „ „ BDAVAKD CLARK. Architect.
Hon. E. B. Washbdbne, Acting Chairman Committee
on Appropriations, House of liepresentatives.
Mr. PRICE. How much is this fence
worth?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The fence
is lying out here near this building, and is an
unsightly thing.
Mr. PRICE. I did not ask where it was,
but what it cost.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have
consulted with the architect of the Capitol,
and he says, as his letter shows, that there is
no earthly use for it.
Mr. PRICE. It can be sold, I suppose.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
interest in the matter whatever. If the gen-
tleman objects, let it go.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Iowa object?
Mr. PRICE. No, sir ; I do not.
The joint resolution was read a iirst and sec-
ond time, ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time ; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the joint resolu-
tion was passed ; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RELIEF FROM DISABILITY.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. It. No. 1*217) to relieve T. J.
Mackey, of South Carolina, of disabilities;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Reconstruction.
REPRESENTATION OF SODTIIKltN STATUS.
Mr. BINGHAM. I report back fiom the
Committee on Reconstruction the amendments
of the Senate to the bill (li. R. No. 1058) to
admit the States of North Carolina, South
Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia, and Alabama to
representation in Congress, with the recom-
mendation that the amendments of the Senate
be concurred in ; and I call the previous ques-
tion.
The amendments were read, as follows:
Page 1. line two of the preamble, strike out
"and."
Patrol, line two, after the word "Alabama, 'insert
" and Florida."
Page 1, line eight, strike out the words m form."
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert
in lieu thereof the following:
Whereas the people of North Carolina, South Car-
olina, Lou siana, Georgia, Alabama, and Florida
have, in pursuance of the provisons of an act entitled
"An act lor the more efficient government of the
rebel States," passed March2,1867, and the actssup-
piementary thereto, framed constitutions of State
government which are republican, and have adopted
snch constitutions by large majorities of the votes
cast at the elections held for the ratiiicationorriyec-
tion of the same: Therefore,
lie if enacted, d'c., That each of the States of North
Carolina. South Carolina. Louisiana, Georgia, Ala-
bama, and Florida shall bo entitled and admitted to
representation in Congress as a. State of the Union
when the Legislature of such Stato shall have duly
ratified the amendment to the Constitution of the
United States proposed by the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress, and known as at tide fouiteen, upon the fol-
lowing fundamental conditions: that the constitu-
tions of neit her of said States shall ever beso amended
or changed as to deprive any citizen or class of citi-
zens of the United States of tho right to vote in said
State who are entitled to vote by the constitution
thereof herein recognized, except as a- punishment
for such crimes as ine now felon,cs at common law,
whereof they shall have been duly convicted, under
laws equally applicable to all the inhabitants of sain
States: Provided, That anyalteration of said consti-
tutions may be made with regiird to the time and
place of residence of voters; and the Stato of Georgia
.•■hall only be entitled and admitted to representa-
tion upon this further fundamental condition: that
the first and third subdivisions of section seventeen
of the fifth article of the constitution of said State,
except the proviso to the fust subdivision, shall be
null and void, and that the Goncral Assembly of
said State, by solemn public act, shall dcclare the
assent of the Stato to the foregoing fundamental
^Sec!11™^^ be it further enaMed, That if the day
fixed for tho first meeting of the Legislature of either
of said States, by the constitution or ordinance
theroof. shall have passed, or have so nearly arrived
before the passage of this act, that tliero shall not be
time for tho Legislature to assemble at the period
fixed such Legislature shall convene at tho end of
twenty days from the time this aet takes effect, unless
the Governor-elect shall sooner convene the same.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That the firstsec-
tion of this aet shall take effect as to each State.ex-
cept Georgia, when such State shall, by its Legisla-
ture, duly ratify article fourteen of the amendments
to the Constil ution of the U«ited States proposed by
the Thirty-Ninth Congress, a.nd as to the State of
Georgia when it shall, in addition, give the assent of
said State to the fundamental condition hereinbefore
imposed upon the same ; and thereupon the officers
of each State, duly elected and qualified under the
constitution thereof, shall be inaugurated without
delay; but 110 person prohibited fiom holding office
under the United States, or under any State by sec-
tion three of the proposed amendmentto theConsti-
tution of the United States, known as article four-
teen, shall be deemed eligible to any office in either
of said States, unless relieved from disability as pro-
vided in said amendment. And it is hereby mado
t lie duly of the President, within ten days after re-
ceiving official information of theratification of said
amendment by the Legislature of either of said States,
to issue a proclamation announcing that fact.
Amend the title by striking out tho word " and,"
and inserting after the word " Alabama" the words
" and Florida."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Before my colleague
on the committee insists on the previous ques-
tion, 1 desire him to give way to me to move
an amendment and submit some remarks in
support of it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will yield to my colleague,
but I hope he will not take much time with his
remarks. How long a time will you want?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Fifteen or twenty
minutes.
Mr. BINGHAM. Very well; I yield fifteen
minutes to my colleague.
Mr. SPALDING. Before the gentleman
from Illinois proceeds I want to move an
amendment. I wish to move to concur in the
amendments of the Senate with an amendment
striking out Alabama.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have no right to
yield for that purpose.
Mr. SPALDING. My colleague [Mr. Bing-
ham] has promised to yield to me for this pur-
pose.
Tho SPEAKER. He has now yielded to
the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to strike
out all of this bill that relates to the admission
of Representatives in Congress from Florida.
And in support of my amendment I desire to
say that I make it, as I think the House will
believe from my past course in regard to re-
construction, because I am thoroughly con-
vinced that Florida ought not to be readmitted
to representation in Congress with its present
constitution.
In the first place, the constitution of Florida
was irregularly formed; I can but briefly go
over tho history of its formation. It seems
that a majority of the delegates elected to the
Florida convention assembled at the time
appointed; they were sworn, organized the
convention, elected its officers, and proceeded
with the business of the convention for a week
or so. In the meantime the minority of the
convention, refusing to go into the convention,
by constant efforts to withdraw members from
the convention succeeded in getting enough
to withdraw to leave the convention without a
quorum.
The convention, however, assembled from
day to day and proceeded, as far as it could
without a quorum, in the details of a constitu-
i tion, and finally adjourned for a week, in order
that, other members of the convention might
come in and that they might submit what they
had done to General Meade. Before the expi-
raiimi of the week, and on Saturday night, I
think it was, the minority, who had adjourned
to some neighboring village, came in, in the
night, broke into the hall, and took possession
of it and held it. On the day when the con-
vention was to reassemble they found this
minority in possession of the hall, with bayo-
nets at the door to keep them out.
This minority convention, finding that they
had not a majority to proceed to business, pro-
ceeded first to expel four members of the
convention, to vote them out and to vote in the
minority candidates, who had no certificates of
election, and who in some instances confess-
edly had but a most meager minority of the
votes cast. Acting upon the principle that
as they had voted out the men who were elected
somebody ought to represent those districts,
they voted in the men who were not elected.
Then they proceeded with the work of mak-
ing a constitution. After t&ey had completed
their labors, in order to get the delegates of the
convention to sign it they passed an ordinance
providing that no member should receive his pay
as delegate to that convention unless he signed
the constitution. Many of the members of the
convention were very poor men, many of them
were colored men, depending entirely upon the
pay they should receive as delegates in order to
defray their expenses. Of course, they walked
up and signed the constitution for the purpose
of obtaining money to defray their expenses and
pay their debts. By this means they succeeded
in getting a majority of the delegates elected to
the convention to sign the constitution.
Now, what is the constitution of Florida? It
erects a little oligarchy down there in Florida;
nothing else in the world. It gives to the
Governor-elect of that State the power to
appoint nearly all the State officers. And, by
the way. the man elected Governor of Florida
is one of the Postmaster General's mail agents
in Florida. And the man elected Lieutenant
Governor is, I believe, from the pineries of
Wisconsin, where the Barston frauds were got
up ; and I do not know but what he is another
of the post office agents.
The Governor of Florida is authorized by
this constitution to appoint all the other State
officers, the attorney general, secretary ofState,
State treasurer, State auditor, superintendent
of schools, and all such officers. These State
officers are made a sort of staff to the Govern-
or ; they are his counsel, and are authorized
by the constitution to advise him as to the con-
stitutionality of any law, and as to the proper
construction to be given to any provision of
the State constitution. And the Governor, tak-
ing the advice of the creatures he himself
appoints, may set aside any law passed by the
Legislature of that State.
Not only that, the Governor of Florida is to
appointall the judgesof theState—the supreme
court judges and the circuit court judges. Not
only that, but the salaries of these judges aro
fixed very high. They have more circuit judges
in the little State of Florida than they had ill
the great State of Illinois when I first went
there, with salaries of from three to four thou-
sand dollars each, while in my State, at this
time, judges get $1,000 salary with some petty
fees. The supreme judges of Florida are to
get $4,000 a year each, all being appointed by
the Governor. More than that, the Governor
appoints the sheriffs and justices of the peace
for t.he whole State. Every sheriff and justice
of the peace of the State of Florida is to hold
his office at the beck and nod of Governor
Reed, the postal agent of the Postmaster Gen-
eral. Who these various officers are to be I
do not know ; we shall probably find out when
we admit the State.
Mr. CULLOM. I desire to ask my colleague
whether this constitution, with all the provis-
ions to which he refers, was not submitted to
the people and adopted by them ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I was coming to that.
I am aware that the argument will be made
that this constitution, with all its provisions,
was submitted to the people. So it was, and
with all the Federal office-holders of that State
in favor of it. They say it was adopted by the
loyal votes of Florida. On the contrary, loyal
men in Florida say that it was adopted by the
rebel votes; for, mark you, this constitution
provides that every man in Florida shall vote.
Nobody is excluded from the right of suffrage
under this constitution. Though a man be
covered all over, from the crown of his head
to the sole of his foot, with the sin of rebellion
and the blood of our slaughtered soldiers, he
can vote under this constitution.
There are many other things of which, if I
had time, I would like to speak. I might refer
to the apportionment of representatives. By
this constitution representatives in the Legis-
lature of Florida are apportioned in such a
manner as to give to the sparsely-populated
