8
SUPPLEMENT TO
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. Mr. President,
it was not my purpose when I raised the ques-
tion, under the rule, to be decided by the Sen-
ate, to touch in any way upon the merits of any
application that might hereafter be made, after
issue joined, for an extension of time for prep-
aration for the trial. The only object I had in
view, Mr. President, was to see whether the
Senate was disposed to abide by its own rules,
and by raising the question to remind Senators
of what they do know, that in this proceeding
they are a rule and a law to themselves. Neither
the common law nor the civil law furnishes
any rule whatever for the conduct of this trial
save, it may be, the rule which governs in mat-
ters of evidence.
There is nothing more clearly settled in this
country, and in that country whence we derive
our laws generally, than the proposition which
I have just stated ; and hence the necessity that
the Senate should prescribe rules for the con-
duct of the trial; and, having prescribed rules,
my associate managers and myself deemed it
important to inquire whether those rules, upon
the threshold of the proceeding, were to be
disregarded and set aside.
I may be pardoned for saying that I am greatly
surprised at the hasty word which dropped
from the lips of my learned and accomplished
friend who has just taken his seat, [Mr. Stan-
bery,] when he failed to discriminate between
the objection made here and an objection that
may hereafter be made to a motion for the
continuance of the trial. When the learned
gentleman spoke of the trial day, he seemed
to forget that the trial day never comes until
issue joined. Why, Mr. President, there is
nothing clearer, nothing better known, I think,
to my learned friend than this, that the making
up of the issue before any tribunal of justice
and the trial are very distinct transactions—
perfectly distinct.
A very remarkable case in the twelfth vol-
ume of State Trials lies before me, wherein
Lord Holt presided, on the trial of Sir Richard
Grahmc,ViscountPreston, and others, charged
with high treason. In that case the accused
appeared, as the accused by the learned gen-
tlemen appears this morning, after the indict-
ment, presented in the court, and before plea
asked for continuance. The answer that fell
from tlie lips of the Lord Chief Justice was,
wo are not to consider the question of trial or
the time of trial until plea be pleaded. Let
mo give bis very words :
" L. C. Holt. My lord, we dobato tho time of your
triu 1 too early: for you must put yourself upon your
trial first by pleading."
And when Lord Preston presses him again
on the point Lord Chief Justice Holt responds:
" My lord, wo cannot disputo with you concerning
your trial lilt you have pleaded. X know not what
you will say to it; for aught I know there may be no
occasion for a trial. I cannot tell what you will
plead: your lordship must answer to tho indictment
boforo wo can enter into thodebate of this matter."—
12 State Trialu, 064.
The eighth rule of the Senate, last clause,
provides that if the party appearing shall plead
guilty there may be no further proceedings in
the case, no trial about it; nothing remains to
be done but to pronounce judgment under the
Constitution. It is time enough for us to talk
about atrial when we have an issue. The rule
is a plain one, a simple one.
And I may be pardoned for saying that I
fail to perceive anything in rules ten or eleven
to which the learned counsel havereferred that
by any kind of construction can be supposed to
limit the effect of the words in rule eight, to wit:
" If the accused, after service, shall fail to appear,
either in person or by attorney, on the day so fixed
therefor us aforesaid, orappearingshallfail to filohis
answer, [on the clay on which ho is summoned to
appu.u,] tho trial shall proceed nevertheless as upon
a pica of not guilty."
When words are plain in a written law there
is an end to all construction ; they must be
followed. The managersso thought when they
appeared at this bar. All they ask is the en-
forcement of the rule, not a postponement of
forty days, and at the end of that time to be
met with a dilatory plea—a motion, if you
please, to quash the articles, or a question rais-
ing the inquiry whether this is the Senate of
the United States.
It seems to me, if I may be pardoned for
making one further remark, that in prescribing
by this rule that the summons, with a copy of
the articles, should issue, to be returned on a
day certain, giving, as in this case, six days in
advance, it was intended thereby to require as
well as to enable the party on the day fixed for
his appearance, as the rule prescribes, to come
to this bar prepared to make answer to the
articles.
Permit me to say further—what is doubtless
known to every one within the hearing of my
voice—that technical rules do in no wise con-
trol or limit or fetter the action of this body;
and under the plea of "not guilty," as pro-
vided in'the rules, every conceivable defense
that the party accused could make to the articles
here preferred can be admitted. Why, then,
this delay of forty days to draw up an answer
of not guilty?
But what we desire to know on behalf of the
House of Representatives, by whose order we
appear here, is whether an answer is to be filed
in accordance with the rule; and, if it be not
filed, whether the rule itself is to be enforced
by the Senate which made it, and a plea of
not guilty be entered for the accused. That
is our inquiry. It is not my purpose to enter
into any discussion upon the question of post-
poning the day for the commencement of the
trial. My desire is at present to see whether,
under this rule, and by force of this rule, we
can obtain an issue.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. _ Senators, theeoun-
sel for tho President submit a motion that forty
days be allowed for the preparation of his
answer. The rule requires that this, as other
questions, shall be taken without debate by
Senators. You who are in favor of that motion
will say "ay."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Upon that subject I sub-
mit the following order:
Ordered, That tho respondent filehis answer to tho
articles ot impeachment on or before the 1st day of
April next, and that tho managers ofthcimpeachment
filo their replication thereto within three days there-
after, and that the matter stand for trial on Monday,
April 6,18G8.
Mr. MORTON. I move that the Senate
retire to consult in regard to its determination.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. Iam instructed
by the managers respectfully to ask that the
Senate shall pass upon the motion to reject
under tho eighth rule of this Senate until that
rule be set aside the application to defer the
day of answer.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The motion of the
counsel for the President is in order. The Chair
regards the motion submitted by the Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] as in the nature
of an amendment; and the first question will be
upon agreeing to the order submitted by him.
Mr, CONKLING. What becomes of the
motion of the Senator from Indiana?
Mr. SUMNEIt. What was the motion of
the Senator from Indiana?
Mr. MORTON. That the Senate retire to
consult in regard to its determination.
Mr. SUMNER. That is the true motion.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question is'
on the motion of the Senator from Indiana,
that the court now retire for consultation.
The motion was agreed to; and at three
minutes before two o'clock the Senators, with
the Chief Justice, repaired to the reception
room of the Senate for consultation.
At eight minutes past four o'clock the Sen-
ators returned to the Senate Chamber, and the
Chief Justice resumed the chair.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
is instructed to state to the counsel for the ac-
cused that the motion made by them is over-
ruled denied, and that the Senate has adopted
an order, which will be read by the Secretary.
The Secretary read as follows :
Ordered, That the respondent file answer to the'
articles of impeachment on or before Monday, the
23d day of March instant.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. Mr. President,
I am instructed by the managers to submit to
the consideration of the Senate a motion which
I send to the desk to be read.
The Secretary read as follows :
The managers ask tho Senate respectfully to adopt
the following order:
Ordered, That upon the filing of a replication by
the managers on the part of the House of Represent-
atives the trial of Andrew Johnson, President of tho
United States, upon the articles of impeachment ex-
hibited by the House of Representatives shall pro-
ceed forthwith.
The CHIEF JUSTICE put the question
upon the order asked by tho managers and
declared that it appeared to be refused.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 25, nays 20 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Cattcll, Chandler, Cole,
Conkling, Conness, Corbett, Drake, Ferry, Harlan,
Howard, Morgan, Morton, Nye. Patterson of New
Hampshire, Pomeroy, Itamsey, Koss, Stewart, Sum-
ner, Thayer. Tipton. Williams, Wilson, and Yates—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Btickalew, Da-
vis, Dixon, Edmunds, Fessenden. Fowler, Frelmg-
hnysen, Grimes, Henderson, Hendricks, Howe, 3ohn-
son, McCreery, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Norton, Patterson of Tennessee. Saulsbury,.
Sherman,Sprague, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Vickers,
and Willey—26.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cragm, Doolittle, and Wade—3.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The order asked
by the managers is denied.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Chief Justice, I sub-
mit the following motion:
Ordered, That tho trial of the articles of impeach-
ment shall proceed on the 6th day of April next.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend that order
by striking out "the Cth day of April" and
inserting "the 1st day of April."
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I should like to
inquire of the President and the Senate if the
managers in behalf of the House of Represent-
atives have a right to be heard upon that
motion?
Mr. SUMNER. Unquestionably.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chair is of
opinion that the managers have a right to be
heard, and also the counsel for the aecused.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Mr. President,
and gentlemen of the Senate, however ungra-
cious it may seem on the part of the managers
acting for the House of Representatives, and
thereby representing the people of the United
States, to press an early trial of the accused,
yet your duty to those who sent us here, rep-
resenting their wishes, speaking in their pres-
ence and by their command, the state of the
country, the interests of the people, all seem
to require that we should urge the speediest
possible trial.
Among the reasons why the trial should be
put off, which the learned gentlemen who
appear for the accused have brought to the
attention of the Senate, are precedents of delay
in the trials of the earlier days of the Repub-
lic ; and wo were told that " railroad speed "
ought not to be used in this trial. Sir, why
not? Railroads have affected every other busi-
ness in the civilized world; telegraphs have
brought places together that were thousands
of miles apart. It takes less time to send to
California and get a witness—it takes infinitely
less timS", if 1 may use so strong an expres-
sion, to send a message for him—from Cali-
fornia now than it took to send a witness from
Philadelphia to Boston at the trial of Judge
Chase. We must not shut our eyes to the fact
that there are railroads and that there are tele-
graphs, as bearing upon this trial. They give
the accused the privilege of calling his coun-
sel together instantly, of getting answers from
any witness that he may have instantly, of
bringing him here in hours where it once, and
not long ago, took months; and, therefore, I
respectfully submit that it is not to be over-
looked that railroads and telegraphs have
changed the order of time. In every other
business of life we recognize that change; and
why should we not in this?
But passing from that, which is but an inci-
dent and a detail of the trial, will you allow
me, further, to suggest that the ordinary course
