THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of justice, the ordinary delays in court, the
ordinary time given in ordinary cases for men
to answer when called before tribunals of jus-
tice, have no application to this case. The
rules by which cases are heard and determined
before the Supreme Court of the United States
are not rules applicable to the case at bar;
and for this reason, if for no other, when ordi-
nary trials are had, when ordinary questions
are examined at the bar of any court, there is
no danger to the common weal in delay; the
Republic may take no detriment if the trial is
postponed; to give the accused time injures
nobody; to grant him indulgence hurts no one,
and may help one, and perhaps an innocent,
man. But here the House of Representatives
have presented at the bar of the Senate, in the
most solemn form, the Chief Executive officer
of the nation. They say (and they desire your
judgment upon their accusation) that he has
usurped power which does not belong to him;
that he is at this very time breaking the laws
solemnly enacted by you, the Senate, and those
who present him here, the Congress of the Uni-
ted States, and that he still proposes so to do.
Sir, who is the criminal—-I beg pardon for
the word—the respondent at the bar? He is
the Chief Executive of the nation ; and when I
have said that, I have taken out from all ordi-
nary rules this trial, because I submit with def-
ei'ence that here and now, for the first time in
the history of the world, has any nation brought
its ruler to the bai of its highest tribunal in a
constitutional method, under the rules and
forms prescribed by its Constitution; and there-
fore all the rules, all the analogies, all the like-
ness to a common and ordinary trial of any
cause, civil or criminal, cease at once, are si-
lent, and ought not to weigh in judgment.
Other nations have tried and condemned then-
kings and rulers, but the process has always
been in violence and subversive of their Con-
stitutions and framework of government, not
in submission to and accordance with it.
When I name the respondent as the Chief
Executive, I say he is the Commander-in-
Chief of your armies ; he specially claims that
command, not by force and under the limita-
tions of your laws, but as a prerogative of his
oiliee and subject to his arbitrary will, lie
controls, through his subordinates, your Treas-
ury. He commands your Navy. Thus he has
all elements of power. ITe controls your for-
eign relations. In any hour of passion, of
prejudice, of revenge for fancied wrong in his
own mind, he may complicate your peace with
any nation of the eai tli, even while lie is being
arraigned as a respondent, at your bar. And
mark me, sir, may I respectfully submit that
the very question hero at issue this day and
this hour is, whether he shall control beyond
the reach of your laws, and outside of your
laws, the Army of the United States. The
one greatest of all questions here at issue is,
whether he shall be able, against law—-setting
aside your laws, setting aside the decrees of
the Senate, setting aside the laws enacted by
Congress, overriding the legislative power of
the country, claiming it as an attribute of ex-
ecutive power only, to control the great mili-
tary arm of this Government, and control it if
he chooses at his own good pleasure, its your
ruin and the ruin of the country.
Indeed, sir, do we not know, may we not
upon this motion assume, the fact upon com-
mon fame and the current history of events
that the whole business of the War Depart-
ment. of this country pauses until this trial
goes thronsh? He will not recognize, as we
all know, the Sccretaryof War, him whom this
body has declared the legal Secretary of War,
and whom Congress, under its power legiti-
malely exercised, has determined shall be
recognized as the legal Secretary of War. Do
we not also know, that while ho claims to have
appointed a Secretary ad inUrim. he dare not
recognize him ; and thus the entire business of
the War Department is stopped. The Senate
of the United States have confirmed the ap-
pointment of many a gallant officer of the
Army who, by law and by right, ought to have
his duties and pay commence the day and
the hour when his commission reaches him ;
yet those commissions have been delayed
weeks, and the proposition on his part is
that they shall be delayed at least forty days
longer—as long as it took God to destroy the
world by a flood—and for what? In order that
five very respectable, highly intelligent, very
learned, and able lawyers may write an an-
swerto certain articles of impeachment. Hav-
ing failed in that, now the proposition is to
delay more and more, while there is at least
one department of the Government thrown
into confusion and disorganization, as we are
thus delaying.
But, sir, this is the least of the mischiefs of
delay. The great pulse of the nation beats
perturbedly while even this strictly constitu-
tional but highly and truly anomalous pro-
ceeding goes on. It pauses fitfully when we
pause, and goes forward when we go forward;
and the very question of national prosperity
in this country arising out of the desire of men
to have business interests settled, to have pros-
perity return, to have the spring open as aus-
piciously under our laws as it will under the
laws of nature, depend upon our actions here
and now. I say the very pulse of the country
beats here, an<l, beating fitfully, requires us to
still it by bringing this respondent to justice,
from which God send liiin a good deliverance,
if he so doscrve, at the earliest possible hour,
ay, the very earliest hour consistently with the
preservation of his rights. Instead, therefore,
of fixing a time now in advance when he shall
be tried, (if yon will allow mo respectfully to
say as much,) giving him time, which he may
be supposed to want for preparation of liis
trial, fix the trial at an early day, and then, if
his counsel choose to draw analogies from the
trials of criminal law or the civil law, let him,
when he comes here, under his oath and under
the certificate of his counsel, say that he can-
not get ready to meet a given article, and if
he shows due diligence then give him all the
time he ought to have to fairly put before you
the exact form and feature of everything he
lias done.
But, I humbly submit, do not iu advance
presume that lie cannot get ready until he
comes and shows to the Senate some reason,
upon his oath, why lie may not be ready. Let
every part of the case stand upon its own
merits. If the respondent comes here and
sa's to the Senate, after he puts in his answer,
" I am not ready for trial, because I cannot,
get a given witness," let him, as his counsel
claims we ought to do, follow the ordinary
rule and say lo the Senate, '"If I could get
that witness he would testify thus, and thus,
and thus;" and the managers would answer,
" We will either produce him here at the bar
when you call him, or we will admit that he
will testify thus, and thus, and thus, and you
shall have the entire benefit of the testimony ;
for God forbid—and I speak with all rever-
ence—that we shall deprive him of a single
right or a single indulgence consistent with
the public safety and speedy justice. There-
fore, whenever any such motion is made, you,
Senators, I respectfully submit, will be ready,
able, and willing, desirous to meet, it, and
grant indulgence when a case is made out for
indulgence.
Allow me one other word. We ask no more
of the Senate as against this defendant than
what we are willing to deal to ourselves. The
great, perhaps the detnrmiuirig, act upon which
the respondent is hero brought, to your bar
was committed by him on the 21st of February.
He knew it, and nil its consequences then as
well and better than we could. The House of !
Representatives dealt with the action of the f
respondent on the 22d. On the 4th of March
wc brought before the Senate and to his notice
what we claimed were the legal consequences
of that act. We are now come hero ready for
trial of our accusation founded upon that act. j
We are here instant for trial, pressing for trial j
dc die in diem. Make the days as long as the j
judges of England made them when they sat 1
twenty-two hours out of the twenty-four in the
trial of great criminals, and we, the managers
on behalf of the House of Representatives,
God giving us strength, will still attend here
at your bar every hour and every moment, your
humble servitors, for the purpose of justice.
We have had only from the 22a of February to
now to make ready for the trial of the accusa-
tion. He has had just as long. He knew at
first more about this action of his than we
could. He knows all about it now. He knows
exactly what he has done, and why and how
he has done it. We can only partly guess at
all he has done from the part we see yet. We
are willing to go to trial on behalf of the people
of the United States, say with only these four-
teen days' preparation. You have granted him
seven more, say twenty-one in all, and we ask,
after you have given him one third .more time
than we have had to prosecute, at least that he
shall be held to meet us with the defense.
Sir, I trust you will pardon me a single
further suggestion. I hope hereafter no man
anywhere will say that the charges upon which
we have arraigned Andrew Johnson at this bar
are either frivolous, unsubstantial, or of none
efi'cct, because five gentlemen of the highest
respectability, skill, and legal acumen as coun-
sel—I know one of them would not for his life
say what he did ndt believe—have told us that
the articles of impeachment were so grave and
so substantial that it would take them forty days
even to write an answer to them. The charges
are so grave, so momentous, so potent, that,
with all their legal ability, forty days will be
required to write an answer; and then, after
they have had forty days in addition to ten
already, giving_ them fifty days, they say they
would need still further time for preparation
to meet us on the trial of these charges. I may
only humbly hope I hat I have made myself
understood in this unprepared and hurried
statement of some reasons which press on my
associates and myself to urge forward this
trial.
You will see their force and the arguments
which should accompany them much better
than I can state them. If I have brought
your minds (perhaps a little swerved by pity
and clemency for so groat an accused,) again
to their true poise of judgment upon the ques-
tion of the necessity for this country that jus-
tice shall speedily bo done upon the accused
I have succeeded in all I could hope. If we
are mistaken in all our accusations and the
respondent is the great and good man he
ought to be, and ho shall go free, be it so; the
country will have quiet then. If you come to
the other determination which we present and
demand you shall do if it be proved, then be
that so, and the country will have quiet. But
npon this so great trial, I pray, let us not
belittle ourselves with the analogies of the
common law courts or the equity courts or
the criminal courts, because nothing is so dan-
gerous to mislead us. Let us deal with this
matter as one wherein the life of the nation
hangs trembling iu the scale; where the rights
of the nation aie put in the balance, and a trial
is to be had upon the greatest question that
ever yet engaged the attention of anybody,
however learned or however wise, sitting in
judgment.
Mr. NELSON. Mr. Chief Justice, and gen-
tlemen of the Senate: I have entered this
Chamber as one of the counsel of the Presi-
dent profoundly impressed with the idea that
this is the most exalted judicial tribunal now
upon earth. I have endeavored in coming
here to divest my mind of the idea that we are
to engage in political discussion, and to feel
impressed with the thought that we appear
before a tribunal the members of which are
sworn as judges "to try the great questions
which have been submitted to their considera-
tion ; not as mere party questions, but, as the
grand tribunal of the nation, disposed to dis-
pense justice equally between two of the great-
est powers, if I may so express myself, in tne
laud. I have come hereunder the impression
that there is much force in the observation
