4116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
themselves on any soil, however rich you may
make it by irrigating canals, which are navi-
gable sometimes according to the honorable
Senator from California.
Mr. CONNESS. Will my friend not permit
that portion of them who are willing to livo so,
to live so, and will he not aid them in doingit?
Mr. HOWARD. I should want to ascertain
in the first place how large a portion were
willing to do so. I do not believe one out of
a hundred will put his hand to the plow or the
hoe, or addict himselfto agriculture in such a
degree as to support himself or his family. It
has not been the character and history of the
Indian tribes to any degree, either northern
or southern. There are some exceptions, I
know ; but the Indian character remains the
same that it was two hundred years ago sub-
stantially. He subsists by hunting and fishing,
and he despises labor because he regards it as
degrading. That is the universal character of
the Indian tribes wherever you find them.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I agree with the hon-
orable Senator that some of the tribes of Ari-
zona are as he describes, the Apaches, for in-
stance ; but in relation to other tribes in Ari-
zona the Senator is entirely mistaken. There
are the Pimas, the Zuiliss, and there are the
Pnebla Indians that are living there, who aro
living in the same places now where they were
living when the Spaniards first discovered the
country, and have been more staid and more
settled in their habits of life than our own peo-
ple are. These very classes of Indians exist
in Arizona. It is true that the Apaches par-
take of the wild character the Senator describes;
it is more difficult to tame them, I admit; but
even some of the Apaches have been brought
upon reservations. I have seen one band of
Apaches upon a reservation in New Mexico.
You must either chase and hunt them down
like wolves and kill and destroy them or in-
duce them to go upon reservations. I will say
to my honorable friend that I have no doubt if
you would send a commission with a few boxes
of tobacco and with something with which to
feed even the wildest Indians of Arizona, for
one hundredth part of what it will cost to light
them with your armies you could persuade them
to settle down in peace and you could make
friends of them all. If you will feed them, if
you will give them tobaec.o and make them
some presents, you can make friends w ith them
and they will stay anywhere you desire them
to stay as long as you feed them.
Mr.' HOWARD. And their friendship will
last just as long as you feed them.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Very likely it will last
aslongasyoa feed them and give them tobacco.
But how much less expensive is that than it is
to undertake to fight them with bayonets aud
bullets and chase them over these wild plains,
where you can hardly find them to fight them,
and where it costs millions upon millions ot
dollars ? 1 think the peaceable way of deal-
ing with the Indian tribes is by far die most
economical and by far the most honorable, for
£ do not think there is much honor to be gained
in Indian warfare.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Cole] asked me what Indians were
upon this reservation. I have been unable to
lay my hands on the last report, the report of
Mr. Dent, the present superintendent; but I
have before me the prior report made by Mr.
Leiliy, the former superintendent, under date
of October 2, 1860. He there states the In-
dians upon the reservation, being the entire
tribe of the Yumas and Mojaves aud portions
of other tribes, and ho goes on to state how
they were getting along, and he states in detail
the productions for the past year. I cannot
state how many Indians are upon the reserva-
tion, but my infoimation is some tweuty-five
hundred or three thousand at present. Gen-
eral Gregg, it will be remembered by the Sen-
ator from California especially, duiing the last
fall issued an order against all the^ Indians in
Arizona not found on the reservation, declar-
ing them hostile and giving permission to the
troops to kill them wherever found. Large
numbers of Indians, of course, were forced
against their will to go to the reservation under
these circumstances. General McDowell, in a
letter reviewing the order of General Gregg,
declares that it is impossible for the In Jians
to live on the reservation without irrigation.
1 Mr. HOWARD. Allow me to ask the hon-
orable Senator one question. It seems that
this irrigating canal has been in progress for
some two or three years.
Mr. CONNESS. No. The appropriation
was made in 1S6G-S7, and this is 1808.
Mr. HOWARD. Say two years.
Mr. CONNESS. One year.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well, one year, or
six months, or three months, if the honorable
Senator desires to narrow it down. The ques-
tion to which I ask an answer, if it can be fur-
nished, is this: this canal is made for the
benefit of the Indians in order to enable them
to live by agriculture. Now, can the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs
tell us whether any of the Indians have beea
employed in making this canal, whether they
have worked at it?
Mr. CONNESS. Nobody else has.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the chairman of the
committee.
Mr. HENDERSON. I presume such is the
fact; but the Senator must be aware that the
Indians themselves when at work on the canal
will require some pay. It is not to be expected
that an Indian of one tribe for the benefit of
all the tribes will go to work day by day for a
year upon a canal when that canal is equally
for the benefit of other tribes to be congregated
on the reservation for the next ten years hence.
Mr. HOWARD. \Vhynot, if he is paid out
of money we appropriate for his labor?
Mr. HENDERSON. Of course he will have
to be paid for that labor. He will not work
without pay. We must pay for his work on
the canal; he must have his subsistence in
some way.
Mr. HOWARD. My question is based on
the supposition that if the Indian works on the
canal he is paid out of the public money for his
labor. I suppose he would not work for noth-
ing more than the wbite man.
Mr. HENDERSON. I suppose so; and
hence it requires an appropriation, or else the
canal cannot be made. The Senator from
Michigan says that no such appropriations aro
made for anybody else except Indians in this
comitrj'. Does the Senator remember the fact
that the Indian tribes have been driven from
civilization, have been driven back from year
to year ? They have been driven from the Sena-
tor's State as much as from any other Station
the Union. This process commenced with
Massachusetts, and from Massachusetts it has
continued through my State and through the
Senator's State ; and now there is but little
left for the Indian to occupy. He has been
driven into a country where the soil needs irri-
gation or else he cannot subsist himself. The
Senator, after having participated, as I have
participated and as all of us have participaled,
in driving him back into a barren country
where it is utterly impossible for any human
being to livo almost, denies even the bare
means necessary to make it fertile. That is
I he truth of the matter, and the Senator need
not attempt to ignore it. We all know and we
all feel that such is the fact.; that wo have
seized upon the Indians' land. The civilized
world knows it, and we might as well admit it.
The only way we can ecsajje the odium of our
position is by doing something for him.
There are portions .of the Territory of Ari-
zona where these Indians might live; but we
have set aside this reservation for them and
required them to go there. It is necessary to
have irrigation in order to make the reserva-
tion productive. We have required the Indians
to settle on the reservation, and ever and anon
military orders go ouc that all Indians in the
Territory—no matter where they may have
lived heretofore, no matter what portion of the
country they may have occupied—that all
Indians not found within a given time on that
reservation, whether they can subsist them-,
selves there or not, shall be declared hostile.
After this policy has been pursued for a
couple of centuries of driving the Indians from
the East into the middle States, and from the
middle States to the western States, and from
the rieh and fertile lands of the western States,
the valleys of the Ohio, of the Kentucky, of
the Mississippi, and of the Missouri rivers, will
the Senator pretend to say that they ought to
bo put upon the same footing with our own
people; that because we do not appropriate
annually dollars from the Treasury for the
benefit of our own people therefore it ought
not to be done for the Indians? Why, Mr.
President, we do appropriate for our own
people, and appropriate largely. We appro-
priate lands, and we appropriate otherwise.
But these Indians are not in the attitude of our
own people, because wherever their interests
come in conflict with ours we know—the history
of the last two centuries demonstrates—that
the right of the Indian must yield to the white
settlers. Why, sir, there is not an Indian
reservation now in one of the western States
that is coveted by the white man that the
Indian will not have to leave in a few months.
You have treaties pending before you for the
removal of all the Indians from the State of
Kansas. I can remember in my boyhood
when the present State of Kansas was entirely
covered by Indians, and there was not a white
man in it.
Now, it becomes necessary that be shall be
removed. Why? Simply because the white
man wants his land. He may have the best
land in the West; but the Indian must go away
whether he wills or not. Where do we send
him? We send him to a less fertile country;
we send him further West into the boundless
jirairies, made so by the want of water, where
it scarcely ever rains. We send him from that
region of country where the clouds go charged
with rain into a region of country that is barren
becauseitisnotfertilized by the rains of heaven.
We require him to go; and in order to subsist,
he must have irrigation; and now it is pro-
posed to deny upon this occasion the poor pit-
tance that is asked for irrigating purposes.
Mr. President, it is not worth while to com-
pare our people with the Indian. He has been
mistreated; we all admit and know it; and that
mistreatment is continued to-day. Why, sir,
but this afternoon it was demonstrated to you
that a tribe of Indians in Oregon doing well,
being located upon a reservation upon the sea-
shore, being located there permanently as they
supposed, having built their huts and having
entered into agriculture, were treated how?
In a few years it was discovered that there was
an oyster-bed in the ocean, and the President
was called upon to open up that particular
portion of the reservation to the settlement of
the white man, and it was done. Why? In
consequence of the discovery of the oyster-bed,
and the whites immediately rushed upon the
reservation, seized the Indian habitations and
drove them back; and it now becomes essen-
tial to pass a provision to pay them for damages
done by the settlers. The Senator from Iowa,
who was then Secretary of the Interior, tells
us that he did not kuow that this oyster-bed,
which was a mine of wealth within itself, had
been discovered. That was true, but the gen-
tlemen upon the sea-shore I apprehend did
know that it had been discovered; and this
action of the Government was sought and
obtained in perfect ignorance by it of that
discovery.
_ So it has been, and so it will be with the
rights of the Indians. Mr. President, I post-
pone the remarks that I might make in rela-
tion to the various injuries and wrongs inflicted
on this injured race. I am very well aware
that when you ask for an appropriation that
ooks large legislators shudder; but as has
been said by a g^eat many Senators this even-
ing, it is best, it is cheapest in the end, to
make the requisite appropriation, and to tin
right so far as we possibly can. Why, sir. in
I this territory of Arizona during the last twelve
