10
SUPPLEMENT TO
which the honorable manager made in regard
to the forms of proceeding in this tribunal, that
it is not to be governed by the iron and rigid
rules of law, but that, seeking to attain jus-
tice, it is disposed to allow the largest liberty in
the progress of the investigation, both to the
honorable managers on the part of the House
of Representatives and to the counsel in behalf
of the President of the United States.
Impressed with the idea that this tribunal
will discard in a great degree those forms and
ceremonies which are known to the common
law ; that it does not stand upon demurrers ;
that it will not stand particularly upon j|he
forms of evidence, or those technical rules
which prevail in other courts, I have supposed
that there was nothing improper in our making
an appeal to this tribunal for time to answer
the charges which have been preferred against
the President of the United States ; and that,
instead of that being denied, much more liber-
ality would be extended by the Senate of the
nation sitting as a court of impeachment than
we could even expect upon a trial in one of
the courts of common law.
It is not my purpose, Mr. Chief Justice, to
enter at this stage into a discussion of the
charges which are preferred here, though it
would seem to be invited by one or two of the
observations which were made by the honor-
able manager, [Mr. Butler.] I do not pro-
pose at this stage of your proceedings to enter
into any discussion of them. You are told,
however, that it is right in a case of this kind
to proceed with railroad speed; and that in
consequence of the great improvements which
have been made in the country we can proceed
much more rapidly in the investigation of a
case of,this kind than such a case could bo
proceeded with a few years ago. Nevertheless,
tho charges which are made here are charges
of the gravest importance. The questions
which will have to be considered by this hon-
orable body are questions of the deepest and
profoundest interest. They are questions in
which not only the Representatives of the
people are concerned, but the people them-
selves have the deepest and most lasting in-
terest in the result ol this investigation. Ques-
tions are raised here in regard to differences
of opinion between the Executive of the nation
and the honorable House of Representatives
as to their constitutional powers and as to the
rights which they respectively claim. These
are questions of the utmost gravity, and ques-
lions which in the view we entertain of them
should receive the most deliberate considera-
tion on the part of the Senate.
I trust that I shall be pardoned by the Chief
Justice and tho Senators in making an allu-
sion to a statute which has long been in force
in the State from which I come. 1 only do it
for the purpose of making a brief argument by
analogy to you aiul the honorable body whom
I am addressing. We have a statute in the
Siat.e of Tennessee, which has long been in
foioe, which provides that when a bill of in-
dictment. is found against au individual, and
he uiinks, owing to excitement or any other
cause, he may not have a fair trial at the first
term of the court, his ease shall be continued
until the next term.' The mode of proceeding
at law—and no man. I presume, in the United
States is more familiar with it than the Chief
Justice whom f. have the honor of addressing
on this occasion—is not a mode of railroad
speed. 1 f there is anything under the heavens
liiat givys to judicial proceedings a claim to
the consideration and tho approbation of man-
kind it u the fact that judges and courts hasten
slowly in the investigation of cases that are
]ire:enteil to them. Nothing is done or pre-
lined to be done in a state of excitement,
liven moment is allowed for-ealmand mature
• '■'•lib,'ration. The courts are in the habit of
esligating casesslowlv, carefully, cautiously,
.isi.l when they form their judgments and pro-
n.^uice fheir opinions, and those opinions are
pnh'irhed to the world, they meet the sanction
of judicial minds and legal minds everywhere,
and they meet the appiobatiou and the conli-
dence of the people before whom they are pro-
mulgated. If this is and ever has been one of
tho proudest characteristics, if I may so ex-
press myself, of the forms of judicial proceed-
ings in our courts, how much more in an ex-
alted and honorable body like this; how much
more in an assembly composed of some of the
wisest and greatest men in the United. States,
Senators revered and honored by their coun-
trymen, Senators who from their position are
presumed to be free from reproach, who from
their position are presumed to be calm in their
deliberations and in their investigations—how
much more in such a body as this ought we to
proceed cautiously and ought every opportu-
nity to be given for a fair investigation?
Mr. Chief Justice, I need not tell you, nor
need I tell many of the honorable Senators
whom I address on this occasion, many of whom
are lawyers, many of whom have been clothed
in times past with the judicial ermine, that in
the courts of law the vilest criminal who ever
was arraigned in the United States has been
given time for preparation, time for hearing.
The Constitution of the country secures to the
vilest man in the land the right not only to be
heard himself, but to be heard by counsel; and
no matter how great his crime, no matter how
deep may bo tho malignity of the offense with
which he is charged, be is triecTaccording to
the forms of law; he is allowed to have coun-
sel; continuances arc granted to him ; if he is
unable to obtain justice time is given to him,
and all manner of preparation is allowed him.
If this is so in courts of common law, that are
fettered and bound by the iron rules to which
1 have adverted, how much more in a great
tribunal like this, that docs not follow the pre-
cedents of law, but that is aiming and seek-
ing alone to attain justice, ought we to be
allowed ample time for preparation in refer-
ence to charges of the nature which we have
here? How much more, sir, should such time
be given us ?
We are told that the President acted in re-
gard to one of the matters which is charged
against him by tho House of Representatives
on the 21st of February, and that by the ith
of March—if I did not mistake the statement
of the honorable manager—the House of Rep-
resentatives had presented this accusation
against tho President of the United States;
and that, therefore, the President, who know
what he was doing, should be prepared for his
defense. Mr. Chief Justice, is it necessary for
mo to remind you and honorable Senators that
you can upon a page of foolscap paper pre-
pare a bill of indictment against an individ-
ual which may require weeks in the investiga-
tion? Is it necessary for me to remind this
honorable body that it is an easy thing to make
charges, but that it is often a laborious and
difficult, thing to make a defense against those
accusations ?
Reasoning from the analogy furnished by
such proceedings at law, I earnestly maintain
before this honorable body that suitable time
should be given us to answer the charges which
are made here. A large number of these
charges—those of them connected with the
President's action in reference to the Secre-
tary of War—involve questions of the deepest
importance. They involve an inquiry running
back to the very foundation of the Govern-
ment ; they involve an examination of the pre-
cedents which have been set by dilferent Ad-
ministrations ; they involve, in short, themost
extensive range of inquiry. The two last
charges that were presented by the House of
Representatives, it I may be pardoned fox-
using the expression in the view which I enter-
tain of them, open Pandora's box, and will
cause an investigation as to the great differ-
ences of opinion which have existed between
the President and the House of Representa-
tives, an inquiry which, so far as I can per-
ceive, will be almost interminable in its char-
acter.
Now, what do we ask for the President of
the foiled States? The honorable manager
corrected himself in the expression that he was
a criminal. What do we ask in behalf of the
President of the United States, the highest
officer in this land? Why, sir, wo ask simply
that he shall be allowed time for his defense.
And upon whose judgment is he.to rely in re-
gard to that? He must, in great part, rely upon
the judgment of his counsel, those to whom he
has intrusted his defense. We, upon our pro-
fessional responsibility, have asserted, in the
presence of this Senate, in the face of the na-
tion and of the whole world, that we believe
it will require the number of days to prepare
the President's answer which we stated to the
Senate in the paper which we submitted to the
Senate. Such is still our opinion. And when
these grave charges are presented are they to
be rushed through the Senate sitting as a judi-
cial tribunal in hot haste and with railroad
speed, without giving to the President of the
United States the opportunity to answer them,
that same opportunity which you would give
to the meanest criminal that ever was arraigned
before the bar of justice in any tribunal in this
or in the country from which we borrowed our
law?
I cannot believe, Mr. Chief Justice, that
honorable Senators will hesitate for one mo-
ment in granting us all the time that may be
necessary to prepare our defense, and that may
be necessary to enable them to decide as judges
carefully, deliberately, conscientiously, and with
a view of their accountability, not only to their
constituents, but their accountability to pos-
terity who are to come after us, for the names
of American Senators are dear not only to
those who sent them here, but they are names
which are to live after the scenes of to-day shall
have passed away. I have no doubt that hon-
orable Senators, in justice to themselves and
in justice to the great land which they repre-
sent, will endeavor to conduct this investiga-
tion in a manner that will stamp the impress
of honor and justice upon them and upon their
proceedings not only now, but in all time to
come, when they shall be cited after you and I
and all of -us shall have passed away from the
stage of human action.
Mr. Cliief Justice, this is an exalted tribu-
nal. I say it in no spirit of complimcnt. I
say it because I feel it. I feel that this is the
most exalted tribunal that can be convened
under the sun, a tribunal of Senators, honora-
ble members, who are sent here to sit in judg-
ment upon one of tho gravest and greatest
accusations that ever was made in the land.
And I may say, in answer to an observation
of the honorable manager on the other side,
that I, for one, as an American citizen, feel
proud that we are assembled here to-day and
assembled under the circumstances which have
brought us together. It is one of the first in-
stances in the history of the world in which the
ruler of a people has been presented by a por-
tion of the Representatives of the people for
trial before another branch of the law-making
power sitting as a judicial tribunal. While
that is so it is equally true that on the other
hand the President, through his counsel, comes
here and submits himself to the jurisdiction
of this court, submits himself calmly, peacea-
bly, and with a conlideut reliance 011 the jus-
tice of the honorable Senate who are to hear
his cause.
Mr. Chief Justice, I sincerely hope that the
resolution which has been offered will meet
the approbation of the honorable Senate. I
hope that time will be given us, and that this
proceeding, which in all time to come will be
quoted as a precedent for others, will be con-
ducted with _ that gravity, that dignity, that
decorum which are lit and becoming in the
Representatives of a free and a great people.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to submit an
amendment to the proposition pending in the
nature of a substitute :
Ordered, That, unless otherwise ordered by the
Senate for cause shown, tho trial of tho pending im-
peachment shull proceed immediately after replica-
tion shall bo filed.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The amendment
submitted by the Senator from New York does
