1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1045
the presence of the House in the Capitol must
more or less distract the attention of members
in the committee-room and occasion inteirup-
tions. I propose, therefore, to move when the
House adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Monday next, so as to allow a good day's work
to-morrow in the several committees of the
House.
- Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I made
the suggestion at the request of' a great many
gentlemen who desire an opportunity to make
speeches. It is impossible, as the gentleman
will see from the state of business of the House,
to go into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on working days to allow speeches
to be made, and therefore Saturday is the only
day that can be devoted to that purpose. If
there is objection I of course do not press it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish to have a vote on
the motion to adjourn over.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois has the floor.
PENSION APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I yield to
the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on Ap-
propriations, reported a bill (H. R. No. 678)
making appropriations for the payment of
invalid and other pensions of the United States
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1869;
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be printed, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and made
the special order for February 24, and from
day to day until disposed of.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. McDoxald, its Chief Clerk, notifying the
House that that body had passed House bill
No. 223, iu relation to islands in the Great
Miami river, with an amendment, in which he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
It further announced that the Senate had
passed joint resolutions of the following titles ;
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested :
A joint resolution (S. No. 102) instructing
the superintendent of the Asylum for the Insane
in the District of Columbia to admit James
Mcintosh on the same footing as indigent
insane persons of the District; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 89) providing for
the representation of the United States at the
international maritime exhibition to be held at
Havre.
CUSTODY OF PUBLIC MONEY.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on Ap-
propriations, also reported back House bill No.
600, for the better regulation of the custody
and expenditure of the public money; which
was ordered to be printed, referred to the Com-
mittee <# the Whole on the state of the Union,
and made the special order for February 24,
and from day to day until disposed of.
CLAIMS OF MASSACHUSETTS.
Mr. BUTLER moved that the Committee on
Appropriations be discharged from the further
consideration of the claims of the State of Mas-
sachusetts, and that they be referred to the
Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw my objection
to the motion of the gentleman from Illinois,
so as to let gentlemen who desire it to get rid
of that which is on their minds.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I yield to
the gentleman from Iowa.
1'KliSO\AL KXPLANATIONS.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker. I
notice in the New York Herald of yesterday
an article which reads as follows:
" Gllrious Revelation* ill the Judiciary Committee's
Invcxtiidtio)*•>.—It, appears that the House Judiciary
Couiiiiittoe, in investigating the matter of Air. Jus- i
tiee Field's alleged expressions with regard to tne
unconstitutionality ot the reconstruction acts, found I
more than th<y expected, or perhaps desired, ine j
chairman of the committee, Mr. W ilson. oi Iowa, a.
thorough Radical, was called to the stand as a wit- :
ness, and he testified that not only Mr. Field but
Mr. Justice Davies and, what is more astounding,
Chief Justice Chase, had pronounced the pending
reconstruction bill unconstitutional. The great high
priest of the Radical cnuieh, the Radical candidate tor
the Presidency, the Chief Justice himself, declared in
privateeonversationttiebillunconstitutionall What
a bombshell this wilt prove in the Republican
campl What a surprise to tho mousing politicians
who thought to make a case against Mr. Justice
i ield I t The Washington correspondent says Mr.
Wilson's testimony created a commotion at thecapi-
tal, and we are not surprised at it. Let Mr. Chase be
impeached at once, by all means, and that will im-
prove his chances tor the White House."
1 wish to state there is not truth enough in
this article to make it respectable fiction. At
the time it was written the Committee on the
Judiciary had not entered upon the investiga-
tion of Mr. Justice Field's alleged expression
as to the unconstitutionality of the reconstruc-
tion acts, and consequently I had not testified
before the committee in that case ; nor have I
testified here since. Nor, sir, do I expect to
testify in that matter before the committee, for
I know nothing about il. I know nothing of
the views of Mi. Justice Field or of Mr. Jus-
tice Davies or of Chief Justice Chase relative to
the reconstruction act of Congress or of the
bill still pending in the Senate. I have not
conversed with either of them. So far as I am
connected with giving testimony before the
committee, so far as my having any knowledge
of the views of the members of the Supreme
Court, that article is without the least found-
ation. It is made out of the whole cloth from
one end to the other.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois to allow me to make a personal ex-
planation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. For how
long?
Mr. JOHNSON. A very few minutes. I
wili be as brief as possible.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will
yield five minutes.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will send to the Clerk's
desk to have read a resolution that I proposed
some days ago, as printed in the Globe, with
some accompanying remarks.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Mr. Johnson. I ask unanimous consent to offer
the following i esolution:
" Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee bo here-
by instructed to inquire whether it bo in the power
ot Congress to prevent tho immigration of Chinese
and other inferior racts to our countiy; and also
whether the civil rights acts and the proposed amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United Slates eonter
the rights of citizenship, including the right of suf-
frage, upon Chinese as well as all other males bom
in tbel!mted States over the age of twenty-oneyears,
and to report bv bill or otherwise.
"ill. Pile. lobjeet.
"Mr. Johnson. I simply desire the refeience of
this subject to tho Committee on the Judiciary. I
hope the gentleman will witiuliaw his objection.
"Mr.Pile. I must insist on the objection. I think
the resolution is a burlesque on common sense.''
Mr. JOHNSON. Now, Mr. Speaker, I
desire to say to the House in vindication of
myself, my own honor, and the honor of those
who sent me here that I do not lie under
affronts like this. I did not hear the expres-
sion of the gentleman from Missouri, or I should
have repelled it at the time.
Now, sir, as to the merit of the resolution,
the Supreme Court of the LTnited States in
the cases known as the passenger cases have
decided that the States can prevent the immi- |
gration within their borders of any class of
foreigners. But the United States have made !
a treaty with China, and the supreme court of !
the State of California has decided ihatin con- !
sequence of that treaty, notwithstanding the ;
former decisions of the Supreme Court of the
United States, the State of California cannot
prevent the immigration of Chinese to that
State. This, then, becomes an important
question.
Then as to the second subdivision of the reso-
lution, it instructs tile Judiciary Committee to
inquire whether the civil rights bill and the j
pioposed amendments to the Constitution now ]
pending before this House will confer the
right of citizenship, includiug the light of suf-
frage, upon Chinese and other inferior races.
That is an important question, also, and for
this_ reason: the political party with which I
affiliate declares before the country that the
right Qf citizenship being conferred upon
these people they will also have the right of
suffrage; that the right of suffrage follows
naturally and by force of law the right of citi-
zenship. The party to which the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Pile] belongs denies that
proposition.'
Now, these are questions of vital importance
to the whole people of the United Statsis, but
very particularly so to the people that I repre-
sent. We have from sixty thousand to eighty
thousand Chinese in our State; the males are
petty thieves and the females are harlots. Lar-
ceny and prostitution are trades among those
people. Like filthy harpies they are defiling
the very food we eat, rendering pestilential the
air we breathe.
I see the Speaker is looking at the clock.
[Laughter.] I hope the House will allow me
a minute or two longer. Now, in regard to the
gentleman's ability to set himself up as a cen-
sor upon important measures brought before
this House 1 have only this to say: he may
judge for himself, but he ought not to set him-
self up as a judge for all. He ought to be cour-
teous to the members upon this floor. Sir, I
know nothing of the gentleman's qualifications
for the high oilice he takes upon himself. I do
know by looking at the Congressional Register
that the gentleman is a minister of the gospel
and a brigadier general—a pulpit hero and a
battle-field priest. [Laughter.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the House to allow
me to go on.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think the
gentleman has ably vindicated himself.
Mr. JOHNSON. Just amoment. [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will allow
thegentleman one minute further. [Laughter.]
Mr. JOHNSON. Now, I say this to the
gentleman to his honor, because I admire his
buttons and reverence his cloth. [Laughter.J
But 1 say that he has no right to stand here
and thus characterize an important measure
that I bring before this House. It was not his
advice that 1 sought, but the advice and counsel
of the Judiciary Committee of this House.
They saw no bidden danger luiking in the res-
olution.
But it is not the first time in the history of
the world that the eyes of wisdom have been
closed to threatening danger. We read in
sacred history that Balaam, when th<^>ngel of
the Lord stood iu the way with a flaming
sword turning to the right and to the left, had
no eyes to see. But the poor ass saw the dan-
ger and blurted out vehemently. [Laughter.]
Now, one word more. While I have sat
here and listened to the instruction which the
gentleman has offered to this House ; while I
have sat here and heard the eloquence peal
forth from him like wind and vapor from a
great steam whistle, [laughter,] I have been
reminded of the old story of the fox and the
bell. Do not cut me off if you please. [Laugh-
ter.] A fox had been chased by the hounds
until he found it, necessary to take refuge near
a village church. While pursuing his way
quietly and meekly—and it was very quietly,
indeed, because of tho nearness of the dogs—
suddenly the old bell in the church steeple
pealed forth its summons to the villagers for
worship. The fox stood still in pensive sur-
prise until the ringing ceased. He then looked
around cautiously, and finally swelling with
indignation, spoke out aloud and said, Even
should the dogs tear me to pieces I will say it;
0, thou brazen-faced, wide-mouthed, iong-
tongued, empty-headed thing, what insane
people could have elevated thee to thy present
giddy height?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has had
two minutes.
Mr. .JOHNSON. Allow me one more.
[Laughter.]
Jlr. SPALDING.^ I hope the gentleman
#ill have leave to print.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
