THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The hour was otherwise ordered; it was by
our last adjournment made one o'clock, and
that hour has not yet arrived. I know it is not
a matter of any great importance, but my un-
derstanding was that the adjournment was until
one o'clock; and I think that is the rule.
■ Mr. CONKLING. I take it this is a mere
question of dispatch in the transaction of busi-
ness. It will be remembered thaton thelast day
when the subject of impeachment was under
consideration, after the hour had arrived, a
good deal of delay took place and a good deal
of confusion was caused; first, by the managers
of the House coming with those attending
them; and subsequently, after the proceedings
had commenced, by the body of the House
coming with the Speaker and chairman of the
Committee of the Whole, and so on. It had
occurred to me that if, under the rule, the Chair
should make the announcement which he has
already made, and then the interval should be
occupied in having the House come here, as
the whole House is to come, and find their
seats, and have the whole Chamber tranquil
and in order by one o'clock, we should gain
just that much in the proceedings of the day.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think an examination
of the rules will settle this question without
any difficulty. The ninth rule provides that at
half past twelve o'clock "'of the day appointed
for the return of the summons" the Senate
shall proceed to the trial of the impeachment,
the Presiding Officer vacating the chair and the
Chief Justice taking it. That day was thelast
day on which wc sat—the day for the return of
the summons. Then the eleventh rule provides
that " at twelve o'clock and thirty minutes af-
ternoon of the day appointed for the trial," &c.
Now, the question is, under that rule, whether
this is the day appointed for the trial. The
action of the Senate on that cause subsequently
shows to me that it is not the day appointed for
the trial, but it is the day appointed for the
filing of the answer, with a provision that after
that a replication may be put in by the man-
agers on the part of the House of Representa-
tives, upon which the trial shall proceed. So
that, coming down to the time when the trial
really begins by the appointment of the Senate,
it is entirely in the power of the Senate, inde-
pendent of the rules, because the rules do not
provide for it, to fix from time to time to what
period it will postpone the proceedings. Acting
underthat, my friend from Michigan [Mr. How-
ard] submitted the order the week before last
that this proceeding should stand adjourned
over until one o'clock to-day. I therefore re-
spectfully submit to the Chair that that order
of the Senate adjourning the proceeding until
one o'clock to day is not in opposition to any
of the rules, but is in accordance with them,
because it speaks upon a topic for which the
rules have not yet provided.
' The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This is a
question of the true construction of the rules,
and it ought to be understood. The Chair
will refer the question to the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the Chair will de-
cide it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has decided what seems to him to be the mean-
ing of the rule.
Mr. CONNESS. Then let that stand.
Mr. SUMNER and Mr. HOWARD. Nobody
appeals.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If the rule
is to stand according to the decision of the
Chair, the Secretary will inform the House of
Representatives that the Senate is now ready
to receive the managers of the House of Rep-
resentatives for the purpose of proceeding with
the impeachment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair in order to bring the matter
before the Senate; and for this reason: if the
Chair will permit me to state, as an appeal is
subject to debate ; not that it is of any prac-
tical consequence except that it involves us in
this extraordinary position: that the announce-
ment is made to the House of Representatives
that the Senate is ready, under that rule, to
proceed upon the impeachment, when, in point
of fact, it is not ready, because the Chief Jus-
tice is not in the chair, and no step upon the
trial can be taken, either of receiving mana-
gers or anything else, now that the body is
organized, without the presence of the Chief
Justice. At least, it would seem very extraor-
dinary, indeed.
I only wish to submit a word more. As I
have said, this appeal is not taken in any spirit
of opposition to the decision of the Chair, but
to avoid what would appear to me to be an
impropriety. The Senate when it sat upon this
trial last ordered that this proceeding should
stand over until one o'clock to-day. Now,
can anything be done in this proceeding until
one o'clock arrives? If the Senate, by its order,
violated its own rules, it was a question of order
then whether the rule should be permitted to
be set aside; and inasmuch as we all know
that that order passed by unanimous consent,
without any opposition, the fact that it was in
violation of the rule would make no difference;
it would stand as the order of the Senate; and
any objection to its standing in opposition to
this rule should have been made then, when it
could have been considered, when the Senator
from Michigan submitted his order for the ad-
journment of the proceedings. It is for that
reason that the introduction of the managers
and the statement to the House of Represent-
atives that we are ready to proceed upon this
half an hour before the time when the Chief
Justice can take the chair would be an impro-
priety which, I think, we ought not to enter
upon, that I appeal from the decision of the
Chair, with all respect, in order to bring it
before the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Shall the decision of the Chair stand as
the judgment of the Senate?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I confess I do not like
the shape that this is assuming, of an appeal
from the decision of the Chair. When I made
the suggestion I supposed that the Chair had,
inadvertently, looking at one rule, supposed
that at half past twelve o'clock the time had
arrived without, perhaps, knowing or remem-
bering that we had adjourned to one o'clock;
and it seemed to me it might confuse matters.
I do not think there is any considerable im-
portance in it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
was of opinion that all legislative business was
to be suspended at twelve o'clock and thirty
minutes, because the rule said so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is such a rule;
but the Senate having adjourned until one
o'clock it would seem as if we could do no
business until that hour, and I supposed that
the Chair, on having his attention called to it,
would probably reconsider the matter. But I
do not think there is importance enough in it
to have an appeal from the Chair, and I hope
my friend from Vermont will withdraw the
appeal and let the case stand as it is. 1 do
not think there is any importance in it. It
will be one o'clock by the time we get ready.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is desirous that the Senate should settle the
question. That is all the Chair cares about it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Inasmuch as I have got
inveigled into this discussion in support of my
friend from Illinois, and he wishes me to re-
tire, I will do so. I withdraw the appeal.
[Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
Secretary will inform the House of Represent-
atives that the Senate is ready to receive the
managers and the House preparatory to the
trial of the impeachment.
The Secretary accordingly proceeded to
notify the House of Representatives.
ThePRESIDENTpro<empore,atoneo'clock,
said: According to the order of the Senate the
chair will be now vacated, that the Senate may
be presided over by the Chief Justice of the
United States for the trial of the impeachment.
At one o'clock the Chief Justice took the
chair, and the Senate was engaged in the con-
sideration of the impeachment case till four
o clock and forty minutes p. m., when, the
Chief Justice having retired, the President
pro tempore resumed the chair.
On motion of Mr. CONKLING, the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 23, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
order or business.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order is calling the States and
Territories (commencing with the State of
Maine) for bills and joint resolutions for refer-
ence to appropriate committees, not to be
brought back into the House by motions to
reconsider: during which call resolutions and
memorials of State and Territorial Legisla-
tures are in order.
As the House, by its order, has determined .
that at one o'clock this day it will proceed to
the bar of the Senate, the morning hour will
close at one o' clock precisely.
itailroad bridge across tiie hudson.
Mr. BUTLER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
946) to authorize the building of a railroad
bridge across the Hudson river, New York, at
some crossing between Caldwell's Landing and
Buttermilk Falls, in the highlands; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Roads and Canals.
public marine schools, etc.
Mr. ELIOT introduced a bill (H. R. No.
947) to provide for the examination of masters
and mates in the merchant service, and to en-
courage the establishment of public marine
schools; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
civil service of tiie government.
Mr. JENCKES introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 948) to regulate the civil service of the
United States and to promote the efficiency
thereof; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Retrench-
ment, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. JENCKES. I desire to say that I pro-
pose this as a substitute for bills of a similar
character now before that committee.
railroad bridge across connecticut.
Mr. HOTCHKISS introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 949) to authorize the building of a railroad
bridge across the Connecticut river. Connecti-
cut, crossing at Middletown and Portland;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Roads and Canals,
and ordered to be printed.
pennsylvania western district court.
Mr. MILLER introduced a bill (II. R. No.
950) regulating the trial of causes in the Uni-
ted States court for the western district of
Pennsylvania; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
samuel iiealx.
Mr. WOODWARD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 951) for the relief of Samuel Healy, late
lieutenant fifty-sixth Pennsylvania volunteers ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
margaret nyce.
Mr. BUCICLAND introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 952) for the relief of Margaret Nyce; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
lands sold under indian treaties.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, introduced a
joint resolution (H, R. No. 241) Relative to
lands sold under treaties with Indian tribesj
which was read a first and second fiitte, and
referred to the Committee on the PubhcLanCts.
