THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11
not appear to the Chair to be in order at pres-
ent. The motion of the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] is that the Senate adopt the
following order:
Ordered, That the trial of the articles of impeach-
ment shall proceed on the 6th day of April next.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wil-
son] moves to amend it by striking out the
word " sixth " and inserting " first." That is
the present motion.
Mr. WILSON, i propose to modify my
amendment by saying Monday, the 80th of
March.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Chair dccide
that my proposition is not in order?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chair does
not conceive it to be in order at present.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I beg to modify
in this way: I move to amend the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts by striking
out the date which he inserts, whatever that
date may be, and inserting in lieu thereof the
words "immediately after replication filed,
unless otherwise ordered by the Senate."
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chair con-
ceives that the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from New York is not in order.
Mr. WILSON. For the purpose of bringing
the motion made by the Senator from New
York before the body I withdraw my amend-
ment so that his amendment will be in order.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I offer my original
proposition as a substitute for the proposition
of the Senator from Ohio.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The amendment
of the Senator from New York will be read.
The Chief Cleiik. The amendment is to
strike out all after the word "ordered" in the
proposition of Mr. Sherman and to insert in
lieu thereof:
That, unless otherwise ordered by the Senate for
cause shown, the trial of the pending: impeachment
snalt proceed immediately after replication shall be
liled.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. Mr. President,
1 am instructed by the managers to say that
the proposition just suggested by thehonorable
Senator from New York [Mr. Coxkling] is
entirely satisfactory to the managers for the
House, and to say further to the Senate that
we believe it is in perfect accord with the pre-
cedents in this country. The Senate will doubt-
less remember that on the trial of Justice
Chase, when a day was fixed for the answer,
upon hisown petition, verified by his affidavit,
the Senate adopted an order which was sub-
stantially the order as suggested by the amend-
ment of the honorable gentleman from New
York. I beg leave to read that order in the
hearing of the Senate:
"Ordered, That the 4th day of February next shall
be the day for receiving the answer and proceeding
with the trial of the impeachment against Samuel
Chase."
If nothing further had been said touching
the original proposition we would have been
content and satisfied to leave this question
without further remark to the decision of the
Senate; but in view of what has been said by
the counsel for the accused we beg leave to
respond that we are chargeable with no inde-
cent haste when we ask that no unnecessary
delay shall interpose between the people and
the trial of a man who is charged with having
violated the greatest trusts ever committed to
a single person ; trusts that involve the highest
interests of the whole people; trusts that in-
volve the peace of the whole country; trusts
that involve in some sense the success of this
last great experiment of representative gov-
ernment upon the earth.
We may be pardoned, further, sir, for saying
that it strikes us somewhat with surprise, with-
out intending the slightest possible disrespect
to any member of this body, that any proposi-
tion should be entertained for the continuance
of a trial like this, when no formal application
has been made by the accused himself. To be
sure, a motion was interposed here to-day in
the face of the written rule, order, and law of
this body, for leave to file an answer at the end
of forty days. The Senate has disposed of that
motion, and in a manner, wo venture to say,
satisfactory to the whole country, as it is cer-
tainly satisfactory to the representatives of the
people at this bar. Now, sir, that being dis-
posed of, the Senate having determined the day
on which answer shall be filed, we submit, with
all respect to the Senate, that it is but just
to the people of this country that we shall
await the incoming of the answer and the
replication thereto by the representatives of
the people, and then see. and know what color-
able excuse can be offered, either by the ac-
cused President in his own person or through
his representatives, why this trial should be
delayed a single hour.
If he be innocent of the grave accusations
prepared against him the truth will soon be
ascertained by this enlightened body ; and he
has the right, if the fact so appear, to a speedy
deliverance, and the country a right to a speedy
determination of this important question. If,
on the other hand, he bo guilty of these grave
and serious charges, what man is there within
this body or outside of this body ready to say
that he should one day or hour longer disgrace
the high position which has been held hitherto
by some of the noblest and most illustrious of
the land?
We think that the executive power of this
nation can only be reposed in the hands of
men who are faithful to their great trust. The
people so think. They have made that issue
with the President of the United States at this
bar; and while we demand that there shall be
no indecent haste, we, too, demand in the name
of all the people, most respectfully, that there
shall be 110 unnecessary delay, and no delay at
all until good cause is shown for delay in the
mode and manner hitherto observed in pro-
ceedings of this sort.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I ask that
the resolution offered by the honorable mem-
ber from Ohio shall be read. I did not hear
it distinctly.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. It will be reported.
The Chief Clerk. The order, as submitted
by the Senator from Ohio, is as follows:
Ordered. That the trial of the articles of impeach-
ment shall proceed on the 6th day of April next.
The Senator from New York [Mr. Conk-
ling] moves to amend by striking out all
after the word "ordered," and inserting :
That, unless otherwise ordered by the Senate for
cause shown, the trial of the pending impeachment
shall proceed immediately after replication shall bo
filed.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I_ rise fin-
information. Is there any period within which
the replication is to be filed ? There is nothing
on the face of that order limiting the time
within which the replication may be liled. If
the managers propose to make that a part of
the order to file the replication on the day the
answer may come in, or on any specific day
after the coming in of the answer, it would not,
perhaps, bo liable to objection; but the ac-
cused may well be in ignorance of the time
when the trial will begin under the order as it
stands.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. Will the hon-
orable Senator allow me to suggest to him that
we can only file the replication with the con-
sent and after consultation with the House of
Representatives; and therefore the answer to
his suggestion is that as soon as answer be
made here accoiding to the usage and practice
in cases of this sort we will respectfully demand
a copy of the answer that we may lay it before
the House and report to this body as soon as
the House will order us its replication. I have
no doubt it will be done within one or two
days after the answer is filed.
Mr. JOHNSON. What I meant 
Mr. CONKLING. I rise to a question of
order. Reluctant as I am to make it, I ask
for the enforcement of the eighteenth and
twenty-third rules.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. No debate can be
had. The Chair understood the Senator from
Maryland as simply asking for an explanation
from the managers.
Mr, JOHNSON. What is the rule, Mr.
President?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the rule.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member
from New York is mistaken in supposing that
I rose to debate the question. I only rose for
the purpose of inquiring what the question
was. I suppose that is allowable.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Is the Senate ready
for the question on the substitute proposed by
the Senator from New York?
Mr. DRAKE. On that question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken resulted—yeas 40, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Cattell,Chand-
ler, Cole, Conkhng, Conness, Corbctt, Brake, Ed-
munds, Ferry, Fessenden, Fowler, Frelinghuysen,
Grimes, llarla,n, Henderson, Howard, Howe.Morgan,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye,
Patterson of New Hampshire, Pomeroy, Itamsey,
ltoss. Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner. Thayer,
Tipton, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Willcy, Williams,
Wilson and Yates—40.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Buckalew, Davis, Dixon,
Hendricks, Johnson, McCreery, Patterson of Ten-
nessee, Saulsbury, and Vickers—10.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cragin, Doolittle, Norton, and
Wade—1.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Thequestion recurs
on the order as amended. The Clerk will
report the order.
The Chief Clerk read it, as follows :
Ordered, That, unless otherwise ordered by the
Senate for cause shown, the trial of tlio pending im-
peachmcntshall proceed immediately after replica-
tion shall be filed.
The order was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. If there be no motion for
the court on behalf of the honorable managers
of the House of Representatives, or on the
part of the counsel for the accused, I move
that the Senate sitting on the present impeach-
ment adjourn to the 23d day of the present
month, at one o'clock in the afternoon. I
send an order to the Chair for that purpose.
My motion is made subject to any action the
managers may see fit to lay before us, or the
counsel for the accused. I will not press it if
they have anything to propose.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Have the mana-
gers on the part of the House of Representa-
tives anything to propose?
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. Nothing further
at present.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Have the counsel
for the accused anything to propose?
Mr. CURTIS. Nothing.
_ The CHIEF JUSTICE. Senators, the mo-
tion is to adjourn the Senate sitting for the
trial of this impeachment until the 23d of
March.
The motion was agreed to.
Monday, March 28, 1868.
At one o'clock p. m. the Chief Justice of
the United States entered the Senate Chamber,
escorted by Mr. Pomeroy, the chairman of the
Senate committee heretofore appointed for
that purpose, and took the chair.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Sergeant-at-
Arms will open the court by proclamation.
The Sergeant-at-Arms. Hear ye, hear ye,
hear ye : all persons are commanded to keep
silence while the Senate of the United States
is sittingforthe trial of the articles of impeach-
ment exhibited by the House of Representa-
tives against Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States.
The managers of the impeachment on the
part of the House of Representatives ap-
peared at the door, and their presence was
announced by the Sergeant-at-xlrms.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Managers will
take the seats assigned to them by the Senate.
The Managers accordingly took the seats pro-
vided for them in the area of the Senate to the
left of the Presiding Officer.
The counsel for the President, Hon. Henry
Staubery, of Kentucky ; Hon. B. R. Curtis, of
Massachusetts; Hon. Thomas A. R. Nelson, of
