4118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
July 10,
expending the public money for private pur-
poses. If these Indians cannot subsist upon
that arid reservation, send them somewhere
else. Why did you put them there? Who put
them there? Why was this dry desert selected
as the home of three or four thousand Indians,
more or less, when in a few months afterwards
it turns out tlisvt it is utterly impossible for
them to subsist upon the soil ? Who lias com-
mitted the error that has brought upon us the
necessity not only of removing the Indians to
this desert, but of making an irrigating canal
for the purpose of softening their soil, and
enabliug them to support themselves by agri-
culture ? Who has committed this blunder ?
Who has made the mistake? Let us stop it
at once. At all events let us suspend this
experiment until we have reliable and exact
information as to its probable success, and
not launch into this scheme of expending the
public money in the dark and following it up
session after session without knowing what
becomes of it or what is done with it or what
fruits are be reaped from it.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, no one can
imagine the surprise that this debate has occa-
sioned me. If I could have got the floor by any
fossibility I would have tried to arrest it when
was a young man, [laughter;] but I was un-
able to do so. But I desire to protest in a
modest way if this is quite right. Why, sir, I
have sat here for two days on this bill. All
this afternoon we have been voting amend-
ments here, amounting in the aggregate, prob-
ably, to a million or two, and it lias taken the
utmost authority that the Chair could exert to
induce members enough to vote to cast the
balance between the Senator from Missouri
and myself; but this evening wo come down
here and on this one amendment, only appro-
priating a little over eighty thousand dollars,
an hour and a half has been spent in the most
earnest debate that I have listened to in a long
time. Now, is this quite right? Of what use is
it now to try to save money in this bill, espe-
cially to save itin such small sums as $80,000?
Of what consequence is it whether this will do
the Indians any good or not?
The Senator from California, who ought to
know, thinks it is essential to make this appro-
priation as a military measure ; my colleague,
who, I am sure, ought to know quite as well,
thinks it necessary as a scicntilic experiment;
the Senator from California to reduce the war-
like Indians to peace; my colleague to demon-
strate the capacities of the Colorado valley.
I do not know whether it is necessary on the
one account or the other or on either. I really
do not think the Senate cares much about it,
and I wish we would consent now to take the
vote. It will either be adopted or rejected, and
that will be the end of that one amendment;
then we can come to another. ["Vote!"
"Vote!"]
Mr. HOWARD called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Conne>s, Corbetf. Davis, Doolittle,
Harlan, Henderson, Henclneks, McDonald, Momii
of Maine, Patterson of Tennessee, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Rice, Ross, Sproguo, Thayer, Van Winkle, Victors.
Wade, and Wiilej—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattcil, Chandler. Cole,
Conkling, Edmunds, Fiehn^buj --en, Howaid, iiowe.
Morgan, Morrill of Vermont, Osborn, Tipton, and
Welch—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Buclcalcw, Cameron,
Cragin, Dixon, Drake, Feiry, I'V^enden. l-'owlor,
Grimes, MoUreery, Morton, Norton, Nyc. Patterson
of New Hampshire, Suulsbury, Sherman, Stewart,
Sumner, Trumbull, Whytc, Williams, Wilson, ami
Yates—21.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out in
section two, line five, after the word u band,"
the words 4iin bulk and in the original pack-
age."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert at the
end of section two the following:
And the delivery of all such goods and merchan-
dise, or annuities of any charactoi, shall be made m
the presence of a military ofliccr not below the rank
of captain, to be detailed for that puipose by the
commando!' of the department in which the delivery
shall bo made, which o Ulcer shall attest by his certifi-
cate the receipt thereof: and 110 receipt by Indians
for goods or property to any superintendent or agent
sha.ll be valid to discharge such offices unless the
same shall bo accompanied by t.Uo certificate of such
military officer, showing thatsaid goodsworo actually
delivered, and are of tlie quantity and quality stated
in tho invoice or bill thereof, a copy of which shall
bo attached to tho recoipt.
Mr. HARLAN. I doubt the practicability
of that amendment. The chairman of the com-
mittee lias told us (luring the examination of
this bill that there are over seventy Indian
agencies. This provides that 110 goods or
money shall be paid to the Indians except in
the presence of a military officer of the rank of
captain atleast. Thatwill require the presence
for a considerable period of time of seventy
odd officers of the Army at these Indian agen-
cies. It will be perfectly practicable where
there is a military post in the vicinity of an
Indian agency; butwhere they are remote from
each other, it seems to me to be utterly impos-
sible to carry it into effect. It may be that the
members of the committee who have reported
this amendment have thought of this difficulty
and may know how to obviate it; but it seems
to me to be utterly impracticable. If not prac-
ticable it would provide an absolute barrier to
tho fulfillment of our treaty obligations with
many of the Indian tribes.
Mr. HENDERSON. In reference to this
matter, I became perfectly satisfied last fall
that tho Indians in a great many respects were
defrauded out of their annuities ; and my im-
pressions were that if a military officer was
required to attest the delivery of the goods,
even if it did not in all cases secure perfect
honesty in the delivery of the goods, it would
make matters much better than they now are.
I am notable to say whether the amendment
is entirely practicable. I do not know whether
a military officer could be obtained conveniently
at every point where goods are to be delivered.
Perhaps it would be attended with some little
difficulty.
Mr. POMEROY. ThcSenatormightamend
tho amendment by inserting tho words " when
practicable."
Mr. HENDERSON. I think it might bo
done if there was a military post say within
twenty-five or fifty miles of the point of deliv-
ery, and by putting in that provision it might
be made practicable to a certain extent. My
impression is that a good deal of difficulty arises
from the fact that Indians believe anyhow that
they are defrauded in the delivery of goods,
and they have good reason in many cases to
believe it. The military and the civil officers
are in conflict wherever I have been in refer-
ence to Indian matters, and there is a great
deal of that conflict existing here, some believ-
ing that it would be better to turn over the
Indians to the military authorities altogether,
and others believing that the civil authorities
should retain jurisdiction. I am clearly of
opinion that the civil authorities should retain
jurisdiction ; but at the same time I desire to
secure, if possible, perfect integrity in the
management of Indian affairs, and I thought
that if, where it were practicable to do so, a
military officer should be required to attest the
delivery of goods, t.lie natural enmity and jeal-
ous feeling existing between the two depart-
ments would induce a greater degree of hon-
esty in the delivery anyhow.
However, it is a suggestion of my own; I
have drawn it up and submitted it to the Sen-
ate. Jf the Senator from Iowa thinks it would
bo better to limit this requirement, it might be
done by inserting the words "where such an
officer can be obtained within twenty-five or
fifty or one hundred miles," whatever distance
may be fixed upon. Military oflieei'3 can be a
great deal better employed in this way than in
fighting Indians, and I believe that if this scru-
tiny into the delivery of goods weie required
it would be so satisfactory to the Indians as
to prevent frauds and to require the attention
of the military. That is, we might have them
peacefully employed in attesting tlie delivery
of goods instead of hostilely employed in fight-
ing Indians.
Mr. HARLAN. I approve most fully of the
honorable Senator's purpose. It would cer-
tainly be some guarantee to require these pay-
ments to be made in the presence of two officers
of different branches of the public service, and
I would be willing to accept the amendment
with the modification the Senator proposes.
But to show how difficult it would be in some
instances I may mention that there is a very
little fragment of Indians in the State of Iowa,
which I have the honor in part to represent
here. There is no military post in the State;
there is none within some hundreds of miles
of the location of these Indians, for they are
located very near the center of the State. ^ It
would cost nearly as much to send an officer
from Washington city to that little fragment
of a band as the money that is paid to them
would amount to. With the modification the
Senator proposes it probably would be practi-
cable, and if so it ought to be adopted.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting after the word "made"
the words "where such officer shall be sta-
tioned within fifty miles of the place of deliv-
ery."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The next
amendment will be read.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Before that last amend-
ment passes from the consideration of the Sen-
ate I would suggest to the honorable Senator
from Missouri that perhaps he would arrive at
what he desires better if he were to provide
that the commanding officer of the district
should detail an officer for the purpose when
ho should find it practicable to do so. If you
say "within fifty miles" it may not work well.
There may be instances where it would be
practicable for the commander to send an
officer one hundred and fifty miles. Perhaps
there may not be a station within fifty or one
hundred miles of tho Indians, but if it is left
to tho commanding officer, whenever he finds
it practicable, to detail an officer to attend to
it, let it be his duty to do it, and then he will
judge of the circumstances.
Mr. CONNESS. In that case I suggest that
the provision might be that before the delivery
it should bo the duty of the agent or super-
intendent to make an application to the dis-
trict commander, and that would be of record
as a matter of course.
Mr. HENDRICKS. My objection to this
proposition would not be 011 the question
whether it is practicable or not. I think the
whole thing is vicious. I do not think a mili-
tary officer ought to supervise payments made
by any civil officer—it is not his business to do
so. A captain of a company is not a fit man
to superintend the payment out of money by a
civil officer, or the delivery of property by a
civil officer. It is not in the line of his busi-
ness ; and it is a step in a direction that I do
not like. I have never made up my mind to
any extent at all that Indians ought, to be
placed under the control and management of
the Army. Thus far my judgment has been
hostile to tho proposition. This is a short step
111 that direction. I think the Senate had bet-
ter reject the whole thing on principle.
irl" HENiJi'jLtsON. It has beeen adopted.
n't' ^ movo t0 reconsider.
1 he PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Coit-
BKTT in the chair.) The Senator from Indiana
moves to reconsider the vote adopting the
last amendment voted 011
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope it will not be
done.
I he motion to reconsider was not agreed to.
The next amendment was to add to the bill
as a new section;
itZur>her enacted. That the sum of
ot'Mwhn is ci -JS hho J°nth article of the treaty
Foxcs- and I"was. to
consume ion of7, tnfi ^ec.r,etary ot the Interior in the
ri vM- mil V1 ato,1.'-ki'idge aiyoss tno Great Nemaha
VffHc'nl?n?n 1 • ap¥ ? «e l,urchaso of oxen and
tKi-^, ■ implements, &e., for the use of said
Indiana, 111 compliance with their request.
