2070
THE CONGRESSIONAL GL01I.
March
DIRISCT IMPORTATIONS.
Mr. GROVER introduced a bill (EL R. No.
953) to encourage commerce and internal trade
by facilitating direct importations; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
N WILLIAM HOWARD.
Mr. COBURN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
954) for the relief of William Howard: which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
DAVID D- NEGLEY.
Mr. COBURN also introduced a bill (II. R
No. 955) for the relief of David D. Negley,
late captain of company C, one hundred and
twenty-fourth regiment Indiana volunteer in-
fantry ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Claims.
MILITARY RANK.
Mr. CULLOM introduced a bill (H. R. No.
956) in relation to the rank of military officers
•appointed under act of July 28, 1866; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
AMENDMKNT OP BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. ANDERSON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 957) to amend an act entitled " An act
to establish a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughout the United States," approved March
2, 1867; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
OltU'.xa WALTERS.
Mr. GRAVELY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
958) for the relief of Orlena Walters; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
NANCY COX.
Mr. GRAVELY also introduced a bill (H.
It. No. 959) for the relief of Nancy Cox, widow
of Jesse N. Cox, late of the seventy-second
enrolled Missouri militia; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
MAILS AND MAIL SERVICE.
Mr. DRIGGS introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 242) relating to mails and mail
service ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
BREAKWATER, ETC., AT STURUKON BAY.
Mr. SAWYER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
960) granting lands to the State of Wisconsin
to aid in the construction of a breakwater and
harbor and ship-canal at the head of Sturgeon
bay, in -the county of Door, in said Stale, to
connect the waters of Green bay and Lake
Michigan, in said State; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
WISCONSIN RAILROAD GRANT.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, presented
the memorial of the Legislature of V\ isconsin,
concerning lands granted to the State of Wis-
consin to aid in building a railroad from Lake
St. Croix to Lake Superior; which was referred
to the Committee on the Public Lauds.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed the bill (H. R. No. 819) making partial
appropriations for the expenses of the Indian
department and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions,' with an amendment, in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
RESOLUTIONS OF CALIFORNIA LEGISLATURE.
Mr. HIGBY presenfcd resolutions of the
Legislature of California, asking Congress for
leave to select public lands for agricultural col-
lege within the limits of railroad grants; which
were referred to the Committee on the I ubiic
Lands.
J. E. RKESIDE.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, introduced a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 243) for the relief of J.
E. Reeside; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
RESOLUTIONS OS KANSAS LEGISLATURE.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, also presented a
concurrent resolution of the Legislature of the
State of Kansas, pledging unanimous support
to Congress, not only in the removal of An-
drew Johnson if found guilty, but of every
other obstruction to reconstruction upon a
loyal basis; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed in the Globe.
The following is the resolution:
H. C. R. No. 65.]
Whereas the House of Representatives of the Uni-
ted States has resolved to present to the Senate
articles of impeachment against Andrew Johnson,
President, for high crimes and misdemeanors: There-
fore,
Resolved by the Senate of the State of Kansas, (the
House of Representatives concurring therein,) That
loyal Kansas, through her Legislature, pledges to a
loyal Congress a unanimous support, not only in the
removal, if found guilty, of Andrew Johnson, but
also of every other obstruction to reconstruction upon
a loyal basis.
Adopted by the Senate February 27,1868.
E. C. MANNING, Secretary of Senate.
Concurred in by the House of Representatives
March 4,1868.
JOHN S. MORTON, Chief Clerk.
I, R. A. Barker, Secretary of State, do hereby cer-
tify that the foregoing is a true and correct copy of
the original on file in this offieo.
In testimony whereof JThave subscribed my name
rT „ i and subscribed the great seal oftho State, this
LL- SJ 6th day of March, 1868.
R. A. BARKER, Secretary of State.
POST ROUTE IN DAKOTA.
Mr. BURLEIGH introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 961) to establish a post route in Dakota
Territory; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the Post
Offices and Post Roads.
IMPROVEMENT OF MISSISSIPPI RIVER.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, intro-
duced a bill (H. II. No. 962) making an ap-
propriation for the improvement of the Mis-
sissippi river between the" mouth of the Minne-
sota river and St. Anthony's Falls ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
THOMAS W. WARD.
Mr. ELIOT introduced a bill (H. R. No.
963) for the relief of Thomas W. Ward; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
JtOCK ISLAND BRIDGE.
Mr. PRICE introduced a bill (II. R. No.
964) appropriating money for the construction
of a bridge across the Mississippi river at llock
Island ; which was read a firstand second time,
and referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
MAIL ROUTE.
Mr. PRICE also introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 965) to establish a mail route from Rock-
ingham to Waterloo ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
CALL OF STATES l'OK RESOLUTIONS.
The SPEAKER stated the next busiuess in
order was the call of States for resolutions,
beginning with the State of Indiana.
Mr. HOLMAN submitted the following reso-
lution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That in the judgment of this House it is
equally just to tho holders of public securities and
to the people of the United States that the bonds
issued by the Government should bo paid in the
lawful money of the United States on the basis on
which the public debt was contracted, and that said
bonds, except whore by law expressly payable in
coin, should be paid as the sainc shall from time to
time mature and the public resources shall permit,
in lawful money of tho United States, commonly
known as United States notes.
Mr. BLAINE. I hope the demand for the
previous question will not be seconded.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope the resolution
will be referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. BLAINE. Let it go where all like res-
olutions go.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
27, noes 67 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. KERR moved that the resolution be laid
on the table.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeasandnays.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
20, noes 82.
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers.
Tellers were refused; and the yeas and nays
were not ordered.
Mr. KERR withdrew the motion to lay upon
the table.
The question then recurred on seconding the
previous question.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Mr. Holm an and Mr. Blaine.
The House again divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 28, noes 75.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. BLAINE moved that the resolution be
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays,
and tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were refused; and the yeas and nays
were not ordered.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
74, noes 23.
So the resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. BLAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was referred ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
LEAVES 01' ABSENCE.
Mr. LYNCH was granted ten days' leave of
absence.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, was granted
indefinite leave of absence.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled Senate bill No.
4, for the relief of William Shunk; when the
Speaker signed the same.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the same committee,
reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled Senate joint resolution No. 122,
for the relief of the heirs of Major A. L. Brewer,
late a paymaster in the United States Army 5
when the Speaker signed the same.
COMMITTEE-ROOMS.
Mr. AVASHBURNE, of Illinois, submitted
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the room now occupied by the en-
grossing clerks be assigned to the use of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, and the room at prescn t occu-
pied by that committee be assigned to the engrossing
clerks until abetter and a permanent arrangement
can be made.
Mr. BLAINE proposed the following as an
amendment, but, objection being made by sev-
eral members, subsequently withdrew it:
litsolvtdfurther, That the architect of the Capitol
be requested to furnish this House withoutdelay with
an est.mate of the expense and practicability of
converting the old Hall ot .Representatives into com-
mittee-rooms for the use of the committees of the
House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the previous question on his resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was adopted; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REMOVAL OF JAMES B. STEADMAN.
Mr. SHANKS offered the following resolu-
tion, and demanded the previous question
thereon :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury bo,
and ho is hereby, instructed to inform the House in
