1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4119
Mr. TIPTON. Before that question is taken
I should like to hear from the chairman of the
committee why the stipulation of the treaty is
not to be carried out in regard to the erection
of a bridge over the Great Nemaha: why it is
diverted for the purpose specified in the sec-
tion ? The bridging of that stream is a matter
of the first importance to my constituents.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Indians say that
they do not want abridge over the Great Nem-
aha, and that they can have this money ex-
pended much more profitably to themselves in
another direction, in the purchase of oxen and
agricultural implements. They say that if the
bridge is built it will inure entirely to the ben-
efit of the whites. They never want to cross
the river except in their canoes, and the whites
will enjoy the benefit of the appropriation,
which should be exclusively enjoyed by the
Indians. This proposition is made at the unan-
imous request, I believe, of all the head men
and chiefs of the tribe. Theyespecially desire
it, and they do not feel that they ought to be
taxed for the construction of a bridge which
will be enjoyed by the white men. I know
that the Senator's constituents would be very
largely benefited, but the Indians cannot see
that they themselves will be benefited, and
now that white men have entered the country
in such large numbers the Indians have come
to the conclusion that the whites ought to
build a bridge, and leave the benefits of the
treaty to inure to them in another direction
where it can be exclusively enjoyed by them.
They say the bridge will scarcely ever be
crossed by them, but the whites will use it
almost entirely, and the whites ought to build
it if they want it. If the bridge be built by
the Indians, the Indians will have a right to
charge toll there, and not let the whites cross.
They do not wish to keep a toll-bridge there,
because they do not know but that they will
be compelled to move some of these days, and
then they would have to sacrifice their rights
in this toll establishment.
Mr. TIPTON. I was not aware of what
the language or provision of the treaty was,
and therefore I desired information. I have
no objection to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That the sum of
$10,350 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated out
ol' any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to enable the Secretary of the Interior to
defray the expenses of the Cherokee delegation to
Washington, .District of Columbia, during the year
1807: Provided, That said sum be refunded to the
Treasury of the United States out of that portion of
theproeeedsof the sale of the Cherokee neutral lands
applicable to Cherokee national purposes.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert:
Sec. 5. Atid be it further enacted, That to enable the
Secretary of the Interior to pay the awards made to
Joseph G. Hcald and Reuben Wright, under the fif-
tieth article treaty of April 28,1866, with the Choc-
taw and Chickasaw nations of Indians, the sum of
$90,000 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated out
of the sum of $500,000, now to the credit of the Choc-
taw nation in the Treasury of the United States,
placed there in conformity with the tenth and thir-
teenth articles treaty of June 22,1855, with the Choc-
taws and Chickasaws.
Mr. CONNESS. I am told that the ques-
tions involved in this amount of appropriation
which it is proposed to take from a certain fund
and pay to certain parties, are now undergoing
special investigation in the House of Repre-
sentatives as a separate measure. We cannot
possibly know sufficiently about the facts to
decide this question here. We are called upon
to provide for paying $00,000 out of a certain
Indian fund, and without knowing much of the
facts and circumstances. We are asked to be
judges in the case. The case is now under-
going investigation before the House of Rep-
resentatives as a special question, and I should
hope that this provision should not be put upon
this bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Shall we not be more
likely to pass it if we do not know thau if we
do so ? I
Mr. CONNESS. The honorable Senator, I
as Mr. Ward would say, is meaning to be sar-
castical to night. I think if he will just simply
put his hat out of his hand and sit down here
with us we shall be more likely to do our busi-
ness better than we are now doing it, for we
never get along so well without my honorable
friend as with him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have heard about as
much of Indians as I care to hear to-night.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope that this section
will not be adopted.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am entirely indif-
ferent about this matter. It is no appropria-
tion from the Treasury. It is like a great many
other appropriations in this bill.
Mr. CONNESS. It is deciding an Indian
question.
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir ; it is decid-
ing an Indian question. If the appropriation
is made, it comes out of the moneys of the
Indians. It is like many other appropriations
in the bill. They appear pretty large, but they
do not come out of the Treasury of the United
States ; they come out of the funds that belong
to the Indians. Many of these large appro-
priations are of that character. They are cal-
culated to frighten Senators by their amount,
but yet there is nothing in them so far as
expense to the Treasury is concerned.
Under a treaty made in 1806 with the Choc-
taw and Chickasaw Indians it was provided
that a commission should be appointed to
investigate the claims of these traders among
them, the Choctawsand Chickasawsatthe begin-
ning of the war having seized upon their prop-
erty. A commission was appointed, and they
have assessed this amount, and the question
now is whether, in accordance with that treaty,
we shall make an appropriation to pay them.
I believe all parties agree that this amount is
due. 1 know that there is some serious objec-
tion to paying it out of the funds that are now
in the Treasury to the credit of the Choctaws
and Chickasaws; but there is no other way of
paying it. It is a treaty stipulation of the
Indians that they will pay it, and I know of no
other funds to pay it from.
It is true that the Choctaws and Cliickasaws
have a claim against the Government of
$1,800,000; but the Senate is not prepared at
present, I apprehend, to make that appropria-
tion. If the Senate will appropriate that
money the Indians would much prefer paying
it directly from the Treasury ; but we do not
exactly acknowledge our indebtedness to that
extent; and we are not prepared to make the
appropriation, and the creditors of the 1 ndians
demand this money. I am perfectly indifferent
about it. In fact, I believe the attorneys for
the Indians object to its being paid, and Gen-
eral Denver this evening informed me that
there was some misunderstanding about the
amendment. I scarcely know what course to
pursue. It was a very late matter. I only
saw him to-day in reference to it. He called
upon me and said there was some misunder-
standing in the other House. My understand-
ing was that it was perfectly agreed upon be-
tween the counsel for the Indians and the
counsel for Heald and Wright that this money
should be paid and paid at once out of the
Indian fund. However, the matter is before
the Senate. It has been adjudicated, and it is
perfectly clear that this amount is due and
ought to be paid in some way, and the sooner
it is paid, I apprehend, the better.
Mr. CONNESS. I only wish to say in addi-
tion that I am informed—I do notpretend, in-
deed I do not know enough to vote on the
question, and therefore I desire it not adopted— ;
that itis made up in part from claims purchased j
with confederate money, and drafts drawn upon
firms that failed, and concocted and made up of
various parts of that kind. I hope that we
shall not vote upon it in this bill.
Mr. STEWART. One of these gentlemen
called upon me with a statement, which I took
the trouble to look through, from Governor
Boutwell, who had been informed of the facts,
and had investigated them. He had been a
citizen of Boston. From the statement. I saw,
the claim is for goods taken by the Choctaws
and Chiekasaws at the time they rebelled. Of
course I do not know anything about tine proof
in detail except the statement that was then
presented. My understanding was that the
claim had been examined Jby a commission.
Now, I have to say this in regard to the
Choctaws and Chickasaws: I think our Gov-
ernment was exceedingly liberal in renewing
treaty stipulations with them. I do not think
we should ever have agreed to pay all that
might be found due under former treaties when
we renewed our relations with them after the
rebellion. I think we treated them with ex-
ceeding liberality, such liberality as we treated
no other subjects who went into the rebellion.
They were placed in a better position ; and if
this money is really due, as appears to be the
case, and there does not appear to be any
question as to the amount, I think it ought to
be paid. If there is any mistake about it it
can be left out in the conference committee,
but I hope the amendment will not be aban-
doned. It can be further considered in con-
ference, if there is any mistake about it, or if
it is founded on confederate money or any-
thing of that kind; but the statement of Gov-
ernor Boutwell looked to me like a very fair
statement of the case. This man was there
trading, and the Indians took his property,
tore down his house, and drove him out of the
country. They joined the confederate forces,
and he had to leave. If the amount is actually
found due, they certainly ought to pay it. If
there is any mistake about it, of course it can
be left out in the conference.
Mr. RAMSEY. In answer to the sugges-
tion of the Senator from California, I will say
that I am told this matter has been before the
committee of the House for four months past,
and their conclusion is in favor of the claim;
but not having been called, they have not had
an opportunity to report.
Mr. CONNESS. We do not know that.
Mr. RAMSEY. I am so informed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I had occasion to look
into this question when the treaty was under
consideration. The Choctaws are riot an ordi-
nary tribe of Indians. They are very able
men, and in negotiating their treaties they are
as sharp in making a bargain as any white men
ever have been, I believe. But in making
this treaty they make this stipulation by which
they agreed to pay Heald and Wright, Mas-
sachusetts men, I believe, who were in the In-
dian country, and who had a large amount of
goods there just at the breaking out of the re-
bellion, and the Indians, when they rebelled,
seized their goods. They agreed to pay this
money as it should be ascertained by a com-
mission. That clause is in the treaty. Pre-
cisely what the commission have found I do
not know. That is news to me ; but the ori-
ginal basis of the claim was that they agreed to
pay for goods that they had seized when they
went off into the rebellion, which Heald and
Wright, Massachusetts men, had down in the
Indian country. If the commission lias been
fair, and has found the amount fairly—and 1
know nothing to the contrary—I think it ought
to be paid.
The amendment was rejected—ayes eleven,
noes not counted.
ThePRESlDENT^rototpore. There was
an amendment passed over which will now be
considered.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was in line eleven to strike out "S99,003"
and insert " §110,550 so that the clause
will read :
For the pay of superintendents of Indian affairs
and of Indian agents. 3116,550.
Mr. HOWE. Have you made that calcu-
lation ?
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWE. How much is it? .
Mr. HENDERSON. One hundred and six-
teen thousand five hundred and fifty dollars.
The amendment was agreed to.
