1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8095
be obliged to change their old definition of
"loyalty" from lealty or loyalty to law, and
define it to mean only allegiance to the Repub-
lican party, to the party in power.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham]
on my left, avows plainly and directly before
the country, and I admire the audacity with
■which he avows it, that the whole and sole
object of incorporating Florida in this bill is
to secure the ratification of the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will excuse
me, butl«aid neither the whole nor the sole
of it.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not wish to misrepre-
sent the gentleman. Let him repeat what he'
said.
. Mr. BINGHAM. Well, I said nothing of
the kind. I said that upon the admission of
the sixth State might depend the ratification
of that amendment; and I stated that as a
strong reason why the State should be ad initted.
Mr. BROOKS. Ah, that is simply the same
idea in other words; or, in point of fact, the
gentleman has consulted his arithmetic, his
addition and subtraction, and by the process
of two of the great rules of arithmetic he has
come to the conclusion that unless Florida be
included in this omnibus bill the proposed
fourteenth article of the amendments of the
Constitution cannot be carried; that it is neces-
sary, in order to carry that amendment, to
include Florida in this bill, and to admit her
with these other States. That is the idea which
the gentleman avows. So that while one gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Siiellabaiioer] avows
"loyalty," alias Republicanism, as his defini-
tion of the standard by which the admission of
States is to be determined, the other gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bingiiam] lays it down as his
fundamental creed that in order to change the
Constitution of the country, it is necessary,
according to his arithmetic, no matter what may
be the constitution of Florida, no matter whether
the Stale maybe rebellious oranti-rebellious, to
overlook and override all other considerations
and to admit the State for that object, if not
for that object alone. And this is an argument
which he addresses to the intelligence, to the
patriotism, to the loyalty of the other side of
the House, in order to consolidate those ranks
over there which have been divided; and he
thinks that by an appeal of this sort, altogether
of a party character, be can make men change
their opinions ; and for that purpose, if not for
that purpose alone, to alter the very funda-
mental law of this country. I admire the
audacity of that avowal. It may be useful, if
not now, hereafter, that posterity may see why
aud with reference to what the Constitution of
the country has been changed.
Sir, if I could look upon this question as
being, what the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Bctler] declares it to be, a question not
of principle but of policy, I do not know hut
that I should agree with him as to the admis-
sion of the State of Florida in this omnihus
bill. Sir, the party in power will reap no profit
hereafter from this arrangement. Conceived
in fraud, brought forth in iniquity, as this con-
stitution and that convention were, the admis-
sion of the State under such an organization,
though it may serve the temporary purpose of
securing a change in the Federal Constitution,
can result in no good, but rather detriment, to
the party in power.
As I have before stated on this floor, two
sets of Yankees—"carpet-baggers" from the
North and the West—one set from the distant
State of Wisconsin, and the other from New
England, not having been absent from there
long enough to have lost the nasal twang with
which they started from their original homes,
came before the Reconstruction Committee and
contested long and earnestly the question which
set of these " carpet-baggers'' properly repre-
sented the sentiment of the State of Florida.
So earnest had been this same contest in that
State that General Meade was brought from his
headquarters at Atlanta to settle the contro-
versy between the two contending factions of
the convention. Equally earnest, equally fruit-
ful in invective and denunciation were these
two sets of Yankees that appeared before the
Reconstruction Committee. By this bill the
Wisconsin set of Yankees is received and the
New England set rejected; and the constitution
and laws of the State have been so arranged
that when the Governor-elect of the State shall
be elected to the United States Senate, as he
will be, the Lieutenant Governor, also from
Wisconsin, steps in and becomes the Governor,
with all the appointing power and all the pat-
lonage which this bill will concentrate in the
hands of that officer. Sir, not only was the
constitution conceived in fraud, but the elec-
tions were brought forth in iniquity.
We are told that there are twenty-four thou-
sand voters in the State of Florida. The mar-
vel is between these two sets of contending
Yankees before the negroes of Florida that the
twenty-four thousand was not aggravated into
the number of two hundred and forty thousand
voters. If the contest had been severe and
sharp enough before the ignorant negroes of
Florida these votes might not only have been
multiplied, but doubled and quadrupled, in-
creased from twenty-four thousand to two hun-
dred and forty thousand. Give me a commit-
tee of this House to visit the Stale ot Florida,
and I will show that in 110 primary election in
the State of New York ever conceived there
in fraud, and never in any place whatever, in
the innermost recesses of any invisible grog-
shop, was ever conceived a system of election
more fraudulent, more rascally, more villain-
ous than the mass of these elections in the
various counties of Florida. Yet here, with-
out investigation, without looking behind the
record at all, the honorable gentleman from
Ohio comes in and tells us twenty-four thou-
sand voters have voted to support this consti-
tution of Florida.
The other honorable gentlemen from Ohio
[Mr. Siiuu.AiiAUGMi] says that he would not
look with a microscopic eye into these consti-
tutions at all; and yet in this Florida constitu-
tion, in an amendment not submitted here,
but in the Senate, in an amendment which
comes down to us from the Senate, is a fund-
amental law fixed by us, a law as irreversible,
as irrepealable, as immutable as the laws of
the Medes and Persians, a law which puts it
out of the power of Florida hereafter to regu-
late suffrage at their own election, which fixes
and ingrafts upon the constitution of Florida
for all time to come an immutable law in
reference to the right of suffrage in Florida.
Sir, this is not the work of Florida. This is
the microscopic view of the two Houses of
Congress in order to fix forever the right of
the negroes to suffrage.
Sir, you legislate in this way in vain. The
intelligence, the education of the country, to
say nothing of the white race of the country,
must govern there as everywhere else in the
land.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I wish the gentle-
man from Ohio to yield to me for five minutes.
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield to the gentleman
for five minutes.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to say a
word in reference to the regularity of the pro-
ceedings under the reconstruction law. I hold
in mv hands the proceedings of what is called
the Reed party, submitted to the Reconstruc-
tion Committee by Lieutenant Governor Glea-
son. I will read from that statement:
"The convention met. pursuant to Genera] Popo's
order, upon the 20th of January. Thcic were only
twenty-nine del eg sites present of the torty-six elected,
in consequence of the lack of facilities for traveling,
the State being nearly destituteof railroads, and the
steamboat communication irregular and uncertain.
An effort was made to postpone the election of pres-
ident until absent members could arrive, but the
friends of Daniel Richards objected to any delay,
and he was elected as president of the convention."
I will not read further. I can state the facts
in fewer words. They became dissatisfied with
the rulings of the convention and with the
appointment of the committees. Those who
were thus dissatisfied left the convention for
the purpose of leaving it without a quorum.
They learned afterward the convention had
made up a constitution, and had adjourned in
order to hear from General Meade. They
therefore returned, I think about eleven o'clock
at night., and took possession of the hall. They
then passed a resolution entering their solemn
protest against the unauthorized, unprece-
dented, and arbitrary conduct of the presiding
officer, Daniel Richards; that, himself ineligible
to a seat in this body, as shown by the cer-
tificates of the board of registration, he had
appointed a committee of three ineligible per-
sons to determine the question of eligibility,
and when an addition was asked to that com-
mittee he had refused to allow them to report.
Then, at the close of the proceedings—and to
this fact I desire also to call the attention of
my colleague—in order to get the signatures
of the delegates in that convention, they passed
an ordinance that no delegate should have his
pay unless he signed the constitution. That
ordiuance was passed by the convention. It ia
not to be found in the constitution, because it
was not an ordinance to be submitted to the
people. But both parties testified before the
Committee on Reconstruction to that fact.
The committee heard the statement of both
parties when they were both present, so there
was no possible chance of mistake in regard to
the fact. I submit to my colleague whether
this makes the proceedings regular and in
accordance with the act of Congress.
Mr. BINGHAM. It is a very easy matter,
I think, to answer all that has been said by
my colleague on the committee [Mr. Farxs-
wouth] touching the irregularity of this pro-
ceeding. It is very well settled in this coun-
try that the presentation of a constitution by
the people of any organized Territory, or oi"
any disorganized State of the Union, if you
please, is a mere exercise of the right of peti-
tion ; and it would be a sad day for the people
of any State or Territory if it were in the power
of their elected delegates in convention assem-
bled by withdrawing in any manner from the
convention to take away from them their un-
doubted right, upon their own motion, if you
please, not contrary to law, but subordinate to
it, to frame a constitution, vote upon it as your
law requires, and present it to the Congress of
the United States for approval. It is a ques-
tion that was settled nearly forty years ago
under the administration of President Jack-
son, settled in the light of an opinion deliv-
ered to the Congress of the United States by
his distinguished and learned Attorney General,
and from that day to this I have never seen it
challenged by any man of any party deliber-
ately, in Congress or out of it. It is for the
people to pass upon the constitution of Flor-
ida, adopted by the people under your own
law, no matter who draws up the form. It is
for the people to pass upon it. That is the
substance of your law; that the people may
adopt constitutions of government in the late
insurgent States.
Mr. WOODWARD. I ask the gentleman
to name a State of this Confederacy which has
had its constitution forced upon it by a mili-
tary power.
Mr. BINGHAM. In the first place we have
no confederacy. There was a confederacy
sometime ago whose capital was in Richmond,
but we have got no confederacy and no con-
federation now. We have a nationality; we
have a Republic.
Mr. WOODWARD. I deny it.
Mr. ^BINGHAM. I know the gentleman
denies it. So does Jefferson Davis.
Mr. WOODWARD. I deny that we have-a
nationality.
Mr. BINGHAM. I know the gentleman
denies that we have a nationality. If we have
no nationality, in God's name, by what name
are wo known among the nations of the earth ?
Mr. WOODWARD. The gentleman does
not answer my question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do answer the gentle-
