2072
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
Mr. POLAND. I move that the report and
accompanying resolutions be laid on the table
ana printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. McCLURG, from the same committee,
subsequently askfed and obtained leave to sub-
mit a minority report in the case of Switzler
vs. Anderson.
IMPEACHMENT OF THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to say to the
House that the managers on the part of the
House in the matter of the impeachment of
the President, anticipating the answer which
has been presented by him, are prepared, as
soon as the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Boutwell] may come in, to present, for
the consideration of the House, a general rep-
lication to the answer which the President has
filed to the articles of impeachment, exhibited
against him. I have made some inquiries since
I left the Senate Chamber, but have not been
able to ascertain with certainty where the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Boutweli,]
now is.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Binguam] make
the motion himself.
Mr. BINGHAM. Very well; I move that
the managers be authorized to file in the Sen-
ate to-morrow, through the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Boutweli,,] a general
replication to the answer filed to-day by the
President of the United States to the articles
of impeachment exhibited against him by the
House.
Mr. NIBLACK. I rise to a point of order;
my point of order is that the managers already
have fall power to do this without further au-
thority from the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. Heretofore, in cases of im-
peachment, the House has always decided
upon the replication.
Mr. WOOD. I would inquire if it is de-
signed, after this replication has been submit-
ted to-the House, to give us an opportunity to
examine and discuss it before it is authorized
to be presented in the Senate as the action of
the House? Or are the managers alone to
assume the exclusive right to prepare and
present this replication in the name of the
House?
Mr. BINGHAM. That will rest with the
majority of the House. I suppose every mem-
ber understands very well what a general rep-
lication is. It is, in short, a traverse to all the
material allegations in the answer ; a denial of
matters and things set up; an averment that
the accused is guilty of the several high crimes
and misdemeanors charged against him in the
several articles heretofore exhibited against
him.
Mr. WOOD. We desire to discuss this rep-
lication.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to say that if a
replication is to be presented to the answer of
the President it cannot be done without the
authority of this House. The responsibility of
this replication rests upon the House, and not
upon the managers, and, for one, I do not wish
to authorize those managers to file a replica-
tion in my name or on my behalf unless I
know beforehand what the replication is. I
have heard the answer of the President read,
and I am not prepared to deny its correctness.
On the contrary, I believe that the most of it is
true, in fact that every word of it is true, and
I do not wish the managers, on my behalf, to
present a denial of that answer. It is now a
part of the current history of the country that
that answer is the truth, that every word of it
is the truth, so far as it states the facts, and
this House cannot deny it. I do not want the
managers or anybody else to deny it.
Mr. BLAINE. We all agree that the an-
swer is true so far as it states facts. When the
managers were elected by this House the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Elmiidge,] aud
all here who sympathize with him, refused to
participate in the election, saying that they
had neither part nor lot in the whole transac-
tion. It seems to me it ill becomes them
to wake up just at this time and interpose an
objection of this kind.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I believe thatif the gen-
tleman will reflect a moment—certainly if he
recollects the facta as 1 recollect them—he will
not ieny that wo took part in discussing the
articles of impeachment so far as we were
allowed to do so.
Mr. BLAINE. The gentlemen on that side
took no part in the election of managers, but
expressly declined to do so, stating that they
would have 110 participation in the matter.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Blaine] undertakes to be very
sharp, as he always is. He says I stated that
the answer of the President was true so far as
it stated facts. I supposed that that remark
would be understood as lawyers understand
such an expression. When in pleading we
speak of facts we mean facts, not conclusions.
I do not undertake to say that everything the
President has said in his answer, where he
undertakes to draw conclusions, is true; but I
say that the answer, wherever he has under-
taken to state facts, is true—every word of it.
If it be the fact, as the gentleman from
Maine says, that we refused to take any part
in electing the managers, that is a reason, and
a very strong one, why we should not be willing
that in our name they should putin an answer
denying those things which wo claim to be
facts.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire merely to state
to the House that all we wish in regard to this
matter is to be authorized, by the order of the
House, to respond at the bar of the Senate to-
morrow with a general replication to this
answer. It must be very obvious to every man
that gentlemen who think the answer of the
President all true and the allegations of the
House all false have nothing to do but to refuse
to vote for any replication.
Mr. WOODWARD. I wish to makea single
inquiry.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will yield for a question.
Mr. WOODWARD. I wish to inquire
whether the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bixuham] is open to amendment?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; not now. Mr.
Speaker, I propose, pending my motion, to
suggest that the House take a recess till to-
morrow morning at half past ten o'clock.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to make an inquiry.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] yield to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Wood?]
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir. I desire to state
to the House that one of the managers, after
consultation with the other managers, notified
the Senate that the managers hoped to file a
replication, by order of the House, at the bar
of the Senate to-morrow at one o'clock p. m.
To that end I suggest that the House now take
a recess until half past ten o'clock to-morrow
morning, so that the House may have an op-
portunity to consider and pass upon this repli-
cation and authorize the managers to present it.
To meet the suggestions of gentlemen around
me, I am willing to name eleven o'clock to-mor-
row morning as the hour W meeting.
Mr. WOODWARD. I now desire to inquire
of the Chair whether the motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio in regard to filing a replication
is not amendable.
The SPEAKER. It is not while the gentle-
man from Ohio is upon the floor. If he sur-
renders the floor without demanding the pre-
vious question the motion will be open to
amendment or debate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is the motion for a
recess debatable?
The SPEAKER. Whenever that motion is
made it is not debatable.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope the gentle-
man from Ohio will make that motion.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the House
take a recess till to-morrow morning at eleven
o'clock.
Mr. WOOD. I rise to a question of order.
Is not the gentleman's motion debatable, he
not having demanded the previous question?
The SPEAKER. The motion for a recess
is not debatable, as the gentleman will find by
referring to the Digest.
Mr. WOOD. Will the gentleman allow any
discussion on this question ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I have no objection to
discussion to-morrow.
The motion to take a recess was agreed to ;
and thereupon (at four o'clock and fifty-five
minutes) the House took a recess till to-morrow
morning at eleven o'clock.
AFTER THE RECESS.
The SPEAKER. The recess having expired,
the House resumes its session.
k1svekue laws.
Mr. CULLOM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (IL R. No. 965) to amend the
revenue laws; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Leave of absence was granted for ten days to
Mr. Blair ; also, to Mr. Williams, of Indiana,
and Mr. Lawrence, of Pennsylvania, for the
same time.
TOST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. BLAINE. I ask unanimous consent to
take up from the Speaker's table House bill
No. 832, making appropriations for the Post
Office Department during the fiscal year ending
June 30, 18G9, which has come back from the
Senate with an immaterial amendment.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
up.
The amendment of the Senate was to insert
on page 1, line twelve, after the word "dol-
lars,'' the words "under the act approved
March 3, 1805, entitled ' An act relative to the
Post Office laws.' "
Mr. BLAINE. It merely defines the law
under which a certain item in an appropriation
bill was authorized.
The amendment of the Senate was concurred
in.
Mr. BLAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was concurred in ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
legal-tender notes.
Mr. WOODWARD. I ask unanimous con-
sent to offer the following resolution :
Resolved, _ That the Judiciary Committee bo in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of repealing'
so much of the act of February 25,1862, and ot ail
subsequent acts of Congress as makes Treasurynotes
or anything else than gold andsilver coin alegal ten-
der in payment of debts ; the repealing law to take
effect as to all debts notexeeedingtwenty dollars on
the 1st day of January, 1869, and as to all other debts
on the 1st of January, 1870.
Mr, INGERSOLL. Is that intended for
action at the present time ?
Mr. WOODWARD. It is simply a resolu-
tion of reference to the Judiciary Committee.
The resolution was agreed to.
CONTESTED ELECTION .u'liEE VS. YOUNG.
Mr. McCLURG. X rise to a privileged
question. I present the report of the Com-
mittee of Elections in the contested-clection
case of Samuel McKee vs. John D. Young,
from the ninth congressional district of Ken-
tucky.
The resolutions at the conclusion of the
report were read, as follows :
liesolycd. That John D. Young, having voluntarily
given aid, countenance, and encouragement to per-
sons engaged in armed hostility to the United States,
is not entitled to tako the oath of officc as a Repre-
sentative in this House from the ninth congressional
district of Kentucky or to hold a seat therein as
such Representative,
Jicsolvcd, That Samuel MeKee, not having received
a majority of the votes cast tor Representative in this
House from the ninth congressional district of Ken-
tucky, is not entitled to a seat therein as such Rep-
resentative.
licxolvcd, That the Speaker be directed to notify
the Governor of Ken-tueky that a vacanoy exists in
the representation in this House from the ninth dis-
trict of Kentucky.
