1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4121
tion should be manifested in the Senate to this
amendment. It is the recommendation of the
peace commissioners of last fall; it is precisely
the recommendation contained in their report.
W e devoted a great deal of time to this subject,
and came to the conclusion thatfor the good of
the Government and for the good of the Indians
we must go to work and concentrate them ;
and it is in accordance with the legislation of
last Jul}', twelve months ago.
Mr. CONNESS. Has it been printed?
Mr. HENDERSON. No, sir. _ The law
organizing the Indian peace commission pro-
vided—upon the suggestion, I believe, of the
Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doouttix]—
that we should set aside a Territory or Terri-
tories or a district or districts of country upon
which the Indian tribes might be concentrated.
This amendment does not propose an appro-
priation ; there is not a dollar of appropriation
in it; but it sets aside a district of country,
containing the country now occupied by the
Clierokees, Choctaws, and Chickasaws, and it
contemplates that upon this territory in pro-
cess of time we shall gather all the plains
Indians. The treaties at Medicine Lodge last
fall carried out that idea. We have placed
upon this country the Chickasaws, Arapalioes,
Apaches, Kiowas, and Comanches. The Wich-
ltas are already upon it.
Our purpose is, if the legislation of the
country will permit us or require us to do it,
to collect together all the Indians in that sec-
tion of the country, and then to abandon the
idea of treaties. That is just what the Indian
peace commission have been contemplating.
We want to get rid of the existing treaties and
never make any more. In other words, we
want to organize a Territory. All that is done
in this amendment is to require the Secretary
of the Interior to adopt such rules and regula-
tions between this tiuae and the meeting of
Congress next fall as he believes sufficient and
proper for the government of the Indians in
this particular district who shall be collected
there, and that he shall submit those rules and
regulations to Congress. If Congress will take
action upon them, as I hope, and organize a
Territory and establish a government there,
we can go to work and appoint a Governor
and council, and have such legislation in this
Indian territory as will in fact keep it out of
Congress. We want to abolish entirely all this
treaty-making power; we want to do away
with it, to get rid of it in the future, and make
such appropriations for this Indian territory
from year to year as may be right, just as we
formerly did for Nevada when it was a Terri-
tary ; just as we do now for Dakota, Idaho,
and Montana.
Now, sir, when we can arrive at that end we
shall get rid of these Indian appropriation
bills from year to year, and we shall never do
it until then. My idea is to establish a Terri-
tory there; and 1 have an amendment in my
hand establishing one north of Nebraska for
the Sioux and all that body of Indians lying
in Montana and on the Missouri river east of
the Rocky mountaius. If I had my way 1
would establish two or three reservations west
of the Rocky mountains, one. perhaps, in
Oregon; get some good agricultural country
there ; one in Washington Territory, one in
California, and assemble upon these particu-
lar districts of country all the Indians in the
immediate vicinity, and not have more than
four or five Indian reservations in the entire
territory of the United States. When we shall
do that, §'2,000,000 dollars will cover all the
Indian expenses.^ Five hundred thousand dol-
lars for each of those reservations will be
amply sufficient, and we shall avoid from year
to year the appropriation of from four to five
million dollars.
I know that Senators shrink at these appro-
priations ; but if 1 know myself I have attempted
to reduce them as much as I possibly could.
1 feel the importance of economy as much as
any Senator. 1 am economical in my own
affairs; and in legislation 1 think 1 am equally
so; but I do not chaffer or shrink from an
appropriation when I believe that in the end
it will save much larger expenditures by the
Government; and hence it is that I have not
hesitated iu this bill to march right up to appro-
priations that are absolutely necessary.
Sir, this amendment is the very thing that
the Senator from Nevada wants. It will, in
the course of a year or two, do away with all
these treaties, and we can abolish them entirely.
All that we now need is the consent of the In-
dians in the vicinity to remove upon this terri-
tory. Our object was to get the Navajoes to
come upon it, but they refused. They insisted
upon going to their old country, and rather than
have difficulty or war with them, or attempt to
bring them upon the Cherokee country and
have them run off, we permitted them to go
back to their old country. But in the process
of time we contemplate that it is possible to
get the entire body of plains Indians, New
Mexico Indians, and others, upon this southern
reservation; and to collect the Assinaboines,
Arickarees, Mandans, Gros Ventres, and all
the Missouri river Indians and Montana In-
dians upon the north reservation. When that
is done, they are in a body, and you can edu-
cate them; they are in a body, and you can
teach them farming; they are in a body, and
you can teach them the English language, and
do away with their barbarous habits. If, how-
ever. the Senate believe in the present policy
of keeping them on small reservations scat-
tered all over the country, a tribe here and a
tribe there, having a superintendent for four
or five tribes, and an agent for each tribe,
instead of this policy of congregating them
together and having a Governor aud Legisla-
tive Council for the government of the entire
body upon the Territory, of course I shall
withdiaw the amendment; but I believe it is
the most important amendment offered to-
night.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the Senator will
withdraw this amendment. He has said
enough to show us that we cannot discuss it;
time will not permit. It is a great scheme.
There may be a great, deal in it. At first blush
it looks to me a good deal Utopian ; but I
am willing to take the wisdom of the peace
commissioner and make the most of it. But
these amendments propose great schemes.
They have not been printed, aud we have not
considered them sufficiently. I think it will
be seen that it will be impossible for us to
adopt them as amendments now, at the end
of a long day, to an appropriation bill. Ihope
they will be put in the form of a separate bill,
to be well and duly considered.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will state to the
Senator that I offered a bill in January last
containing these provisions, and which has
been on the desks of members ever sine?.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment.
Mr. STEWART. If there is to be a vote
on the amendment I am not through with my
remarks upon it. I will inquire of the Sena-
tor from Missouri if he withdraws his amend-
ment or insis|s upon it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I surely, against the
wishes of the Senate at this hour of the night,
will not press the amendment. If the Senator
fiom Nevada insists upon making a long speech
upon it, with the purpose of defeating the
amendment, and says he is determined to do
it, of course 1 must withdraw the amendment.
But if Senators wish to come to a vote upon it
it is easily understood; it is contained in a
printed bill lying on the desks of members since
January last, and the whole schema was con-
tained in the report of the Indian peace com-
mission.
Mr. CONNESS. But it has never been dis-
cussed.
Mr. HENDERSON. I know it has not,
because I have been engaged in other work.
Mr. HAIiLAN. 1 desire to make an in-
quiry of the honorable Senator for information,
whether he contemplates finishing this bill to-
night?
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. HARLAN. Otherwise I would suggest
that his amendment be printed, and probably
we will be able to act on it more intelligently
to-morrow.
Mr. HENDBICKS. I snggest that the
amendment be passed by for the present until
we see whether we can finish the bill.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will let it pass over.-
Mr. STEWART. Very well; I do n®t wish
to occupy time.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have one or two
more amendments to offer. I move to insert
as an additional section:
And be it further enacted, That the Committees on
Indian -A.fi£ursoftli© Sonata and the Houso of itcpF©-
sentativesshail examinetheclaimoftheChoctaw and
Chickasaw Indians for all matters of difference be-
tween them and the Governmentofthe United States,
and shall report the result of said examination to
their respective Houses at the next session of Con-
gress.
That was a requirement in the bill of the last
session, but it became impossible for me to
examine it, because I was employed in other
duties.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Nobody objects to it.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to know if
this is not a claim for $1,800,000?
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to hear the
amendment again.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It merely directs the
committees to examine into it aud report to
Congress.
Mr. STEWART. Have they not had time
to examine it?
Mr. HENDERSON. No, sir. It was made
my duty to do so last year, but after that I was
sent out on other duty as one of the peace
commission, and was occupied until the meet-
ing of Congress. I could not do it. The
attorneys for the Choctaws and Chickasaws are
continually after Congress ; and in fact, they
have passed a bill through the lower House on
the subject, and the bill is pending here in the
Senate. Perhaps it will be called up to-morrow.
Some member may call it up. It is insisted
upon ; but the Senate, I apprehend, is not pre-
pared to pass upon a claim of such importance.
The claim is for $1,800,000. The Senator from
Iowa [Mr. Harlan] perhaps will remember
the claim, for it has been pressed upon the
Department, and ithas been pressed upon Con-
gress ever since I have been here. By this
amendment I make it the duty of the Indian
Committees of the two Houses of Congress to
examine and make a full and thorough report
to both Houses at the next session, so that we
can act upon it, if we act upon it at all, with
judgment. There is nothing wrong in it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I offer another amend-
ment, to add as an additional section the fol-
lowing :
And be it further enacted. That seetion five of the
act approved Jlaicli 2,18(37, entitled " An act mak-
ing appropriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with vaiious Indian tribes for
iho year ending June 30, ISoS," be, and the same is
hereby, repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I believe that con-
cludes the amendments from the Committee
on Indian Affairs, with the exception of the
amendments about these new reservations.
Mr. COLE. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after line fifteen hundred
and eighty-three, on page Go :
For removing Indians from South river reservation
to Hoopa Valley and Hound Valley reservations,
$5,000, or so much thereof as may bo necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I have another amendment to
offer, to come in as an additional section:
And he it further enacted. That the Mendocino
Indian reservation in California bo restored to (he
public hinds of the United S'aces, and the Secretary
of the Interior shall cau.se iliesame to besurveyca
and offered for sale in legal subdivisions
than SI 25 per acre, and in such maneer unu w *
quantities as to protect persons, ra nosse? sjon anu
, owning improvements thereon, having reference to
i the character and value of such
I determined by tbeComuiissionerol the faanera! liana
