THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15
ANSWEtt TO ARTICLE IV.
And for answer to said fourth article this
respondent denies that on the said 21st day of
February, 1868, at Washington aforesaid or at
any other time or place, he did unlawfully
conspire with the said Lorenzo Thomas, or
with the said Thomas and any other person or
persons, with intent by intimidations and
threats unlawfully to hinder and prevent the
said Stanton from holding said office of Sec-
retary for the Department of War in violation
of the Constitution of the United States or of
the provisions of the said act of Congress in
said article mentioned, or that he did then and
there commit or was guilty of a high crime in
office. On the contrary thereof, protesting
that the said Stanton was not then and there
lawfully the Secretary for the Department of
War, this respondent states that his sole pur-
pose in authorizing the said Thomas to act as
Secretary for the Department of War ad in-
terim was, as is fully stated in his answer to the
said first article, to bring the question of the
right of the said Stanton to hold said office,
notwithstanding his said suspension and not-
withstanding the said order of removal and
notwithstanding the said authority of the said
Thomas to act as Secretary of War ad interim,
to the test of a final decision by the Supreme
Court of the United States in the earliest
practicable mode by which the question could
be brought before that tribunal.
This respondent did not conspire or agree
with the said Thomas or any other person or
persons to use intimidation or threats to hinder
or prevent the said Stanton from holding the
said office of Secretary for the Department of
War, nor did this respondent at any timecom-
mand or advise the said Thomas or any other
person or persons to resort to or use cither
threats or intimidation for that purpose. The
only means in the contemplation or purpose of
respondent to be used are set forth fully in the
said orders of February 21, the first addressed
to Mr. Stanton and the second to the sax!
Thomas. By the first order the respondent
notified Mr. Stanton that he was removed from
the'said office, and that his functions as Secre-
tary for the Department of War were to termi-
nate upon the receipt of that order, and he also
thereby notified the said Stanton that the said
Thomas had been authorized to act as Secre-
tary for the Department of War ad interim,
and ordered the said Stanton to transfer to him
all the records, books, papers, and other public
properly in his custody and charge; and by
the second order this respondent notified the
said Thomas of the removal from office of the
said Stanton, and authorised him to act as
Secretary for the Department of War acl in-
terim, and directed him to immediately enter
upon the discharge of the duties pertaining to
that office, and to receive the transfer of all
the records, books, papers, and other public
property from Mr. Stanton then in his custody
and charge.
Respondent gave no instructions to the said
Thomas to use intimidation or threats to en-
force obedience to these orders. He gave him
no authority to call in the aid of the military
or any other force to enable him to obtain pos-
session of the office, or of the books, papers,
records, or property thereof. The only agency
resorted to or intended to be resorted to was
by means of the said executive orders requir-
ing obedience. But the Secretary for the De-
partment of War refused to obey these orders,
and still holds undisturbed possession and cus-
tody of that Department, and of the records,
books, papers, and other public property there-
in. Respondent further states that., in execu-
tion of the orders so by this respondent given to
the said Thomas, he, the said Thomas, pro-
ceeded in a peaceful manner to demand of the
said Stanton a surrender to him of the public
property in the said Department, and to vacate
the possession of the same, and to allow him,
the said Thomas, peaceably to exercise the
duties devolved upon him by authority of the
President. That, as this respondent has been
informed and believes, the said Stanton per-
emptorily refused obedience to the orders so
issued. Upon such refusal no force or threat
of force was used by the said Thomas, by au-
thority of the President or otherwise, to en-
force obedience, either then or at any subse-
quent time.
This respondent doth here except to the
sufficiency of the allegations contained in said
fourth article, and states for ground of excep-
tion that it is not stated that there was any
agreement between this respondent and the
said Thomas, or any other person or persons,
to use intimidation and threats, nor is there
any allegation as to the nature of said intimi-
dation and threats, or that there was any agree-
ment to carry them into execution, or that
any step was taken or agreed to be taken to |
carry them into execution, and that the allega-
tion in said article that the intent of said con-
spiracy was to use intimidation and threats is
wholly insufficient, inasmuch as it is not al-
leged that the said intent formed the basis or
became a part of any agreement between the
said alleged conspirators, and, furthermore,
that there is no allegation of any conspiracy or
agreement to use intimidation or threats.
AXSWER TO ARTICLE V.
And for answer to the said fifth article this
respondent denies that on the said 21st day of
February, 18G8, or at any other time or times in
the same year before the said 2d day of March,
1808. or at any prior or subsequent time, at
Washington aforesaid or at any other place,
this respondent did unlawfully conspire with
the said Thomas, or with any other person or
persons, to prevent or hinder the execution of
the said act entitled "An act regulating the
tenure of certain civil offices," or that, in pur-
suance of said alleged conspiracy, he did un-
lawfully attempt to prevent the said Edwin M.
Stanton from holding said office of Secretary
for the Department of War, or that he did
thereby commit, or that he was thereby guilty
of, a high misdemeanor in office. Respondent,
protesting that said Stanton was not then and
there Secretary for the Department of War,
begs leave to refer to his answer given to the
fourth article and to his answer given to the
first article as to his intent and purpose in
issuing the orders for the removal of Mr. Stan-
ton and the authority given to the said Thomas,
and prays equal benefit therefrom as if the
same were here again repeated and fully set
forth.
And this respondent excepts to the suffi-
ciency of the said fifth article, and states his
ground for such exception, that it is not alleged
by what means or by what agreement the said
alleged conspiracy was formed or agreed to be
carried out, or in what way the same was at-
tempted to be carried out, or what were the
acts done in pursuance thereof.
AXSWER TO ARTICLE VI.
And for answer to the said sixth article, this
respondent denies that on the said 21st day of
February, 1808, at Washington aforesaid, or
at any other time or place, he did unlawfully
conspire with the said Thomas by force to seize,
take, or possess, the property of the United
States in the Department of War, contrary to
the provisions of the said acts referred to in the
said article, or either of them, or with intent
to violate either of them. Respondent, protest-
ing that said Stanton was not then and there
Secretary for the Department of War, not only
denies the said conspiracy as charged, but also
denies any unlawful intent in reference to the
custody and charge of the property of the Uni-
ted States in the said Department of War, and
again refers to his former answers for a full
Statement of his intent and purpose in the
premises.
ANSWER TO ARTICLE VII.
And for answer to the said seventh article
respondent denies that on the said 21st day of
February, 1808, at Washington aforesaid, or at
any other time and place, he did unlawfully
conspire with the said Thomas with intent un-
lawfully to seize, take, or possess the property i
of the United States in the Department of
War with intent to violate or disregard the said
act in the said seventh article referred to, or
that he did then and there commit a high mis-
demeanor in office. Respondent, protesting
that the said Stanton was not then and there
Secretary for the Department of War, again
refers to_ his former answers, in so far as they
are applicable, to show the intent with which
he proceeded in the premises, and prays equal
benefit therefrom, as if the same were here
again fully repeated. Respondent further takes
exception to the sufficiency of the allegations
of this article as to the conspiracy alleged upon
the same grounds as stated in the exception set
forth in his answer to said article fourth.
ANSWER TO ARTICLE VIII.
And for answer to the said eighth article this
respondent denies that on the 21st day of Feb-
ruary, 18G8, at Washington aforesaid, or at.
any other time and place, he did issue and
deliver to the said Thomas the said letter of
authority set forth in the said eighth article,
with the intent unlawfully to control the dis-
bursements of the money appropriated for the
military service and for the Department of
War. This respondent, protesting that there
was a vacancy in the office of Secretary for the
Department of War, admits that he did issue
the said letter of authority, and he denies that
the same was with any unlawful intent what-
ever, either to violate the Constitution of the
United States or any act of Congress. On the
contrary, this respondent again affirms that his
sole intent was to vindicate his authority us
President of the United States, and by peace-
ful means to bring the question of the right of
the said Stanton to continue to hold the said
office of Secretary of War to a final decision
before the Supreme Court of the United States,
as has been hereinbefore set forth; and he
prays the same benefit from his answer in the
premises as if the same were here again re-
peated at length.
ANSWER TO ARTICLE IX.
And for answer to the said ninth article the
respondent states that on the said 22d day of
February, 1888, the following note was ad-
dressed to the said Emory by the private secre-
tary of respondent:
Executive Mansion,
Washington, D. C„ February 22,1868.
General: The President directs me to say that he
will be pleased to have you call upon him as early a,-!
practicable.
ltespcetfully and truly yours,
WILLIAM G. MOORE,
United States Army.
General Emory called at the Executive Man-
sion according to this request. The object of
respondent was to be advised by General Em-
ory, as commander of the department of Wash-
ington, what changes had been made in the
military affairs of the department. Respondent
had been informed that various changes had
been made, which in nowise had been brought
to his notice or reported to him from the De-
partment of War or from any other quarter,
and desired to ascertain the facts. After the
said Emory had explained in detail the changes
which had taken place, said Emory called the
attention of respondent to a general order
which he referred to and which this respondent
then sent for, when it was produced. It is as
follows :
[General OrdersNo. 17.]
War Department,
Adjutant Gexeral's Office,
Washington, March 14,1867.
The following acts of Congress arc published for tho
information and government of all concerned:
II—Public—No. 85.
An act making appropriations for the support of tho
Army ior the year ending June 30, 18tx$, and for
other purposes.
> sj« * ■{ -4-
Sec. 2. And be it further rnarird, That the head-
quarters of the General of the Army of the United
States shall be at the city of Washington, and all
orders and inshmctions relating to military operations
issued by the President or Secretary of War shall be
issued through the General of the Arms', and in ease
of his inability through the next in rank. The Gen-
