1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
Mr. McCLURG. I move that the report be
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KERR. I submit the report of the
minority in the same case, and move that it be
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed
with the majo'rity report. At the proper time
I give notice that I shall move a substitute fpr
the first resolution.
The minointy report was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
florida.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, by unanimous con-
sent, presented the memorial of the members
of the Florida constitutional convention, trans-
mitting two constitutions, and moved that they
be referred to the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion, and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
annual post route bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, by unanimous con-
Bent, moved to take from the Speaker's table
the amendments of the Senate to the amend-
ments of the House to the Senate amend-
ments to House bill No. 328, to establish cer-
tain post roads.
The amendments were taken up and con-
curred in.
settlement of public accounts.
Mr. POLAND. I ask unanimous consent
to report back from the Committee on Revisal
and Unfinished Business Senate bill No. 350,
to amend an act entitled "An act to provide
for the prompt settlement of public debts," ap-
proved March 3, 1817, with the recommend-
ation that it do pass. The committee have
examined the bill fully and are unanimously
of the opinion that the bill ought to pass.
The bill was read in extenso. It provides
that the act of March 3, 1817, entitled "An
act to provide for the prompt settlement of
public accounts," shall not be construed to
authorize the heads of Departments to change
or modify the balances that may be certified to
them by the Commissioner of Customs or the
Comptrollers of the Treasury, but that such
balances, when stated by the Auditor and prop-
erly certified by the Comptroller as provided
by that act, shall be taken and considered as
final and conclusive upon the executive branch
of the Government, and be subject to revision
only by Congress or the proper courts, pro-
vided that the head of the proper Department,
before signing a warrant for any balance cer-
tified to him by a Comptroller, may submit to
such Comptroller any facts in his judgment
affecting the correctness of such balance, but
the decision of the Comptroller thereon shall
be final and conclusive as hereinbefore pro-
vided.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I cannot yield if it gives
rise to debate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
know that I want to debate it. I should like to
have some explanation whether it takes away
any of the guards now thrown around the
Treasury.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I reserve the right to
object during the debate.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, this bill gives
construction to the act of 1817. Prior to March
$, 1817, accounts had been settled^ in the dif-
ferent Departments. Accounts arising in the
Navy or War Department were settled in that
Department, and evidence of that fact was final
and conclusive. Such was the practice, but
within a few years there has been some con-
troversy between officers of the Treasury De-
partment and the War Department in reference
to the settlement of accounts.
message mom tub senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
of its action sitting as a court for the trial of
the President, and communicating a copy of
the President's answer to the articles of im-
peachment.
settlement op accounts again.
Mr. POLAND. I must call for the previous
question on the pending bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was ordered to a third reading,
and it was accordingly read the third time.
The House divided on the passage of the
bill; and there were — ayes 58, noes 6; no
quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Mr. Polaxd and Mr. Chanler.
Mr. SPALDING demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I reserved the right to
object to further proceeding on this bill.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
bill is not before the House.
Mr. CHANLER. I rise to a point of order,
that a vote having commenced it must abso-
lutely be continued.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts reserved the right to object at any
time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The reservation was dur-
ing debate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is correct,
and the vote must be taken if insisted on.
Mr. CHANLER. I insist on the vote.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 100, nays 18, not vot-
ing 71; as follows :
YEAS —Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames, Bailey,
Baker, Banks, Barnes, Beaman, Beck, Benjamin,
Bingham. Blaine, Buekland, Burr, Butler, Cake,
Chanler. Reader W. Clarke. Covode, Dixon, Bodge,
Driggs, Eckley, Eldridge, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferriss,
Ferry, Fields, Fox, Garfield, Getz, Glossbrenner. Gol-
laday, Gravely, Qrovev, Haight, lligby, Hill, Holman,
Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd,
Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Judd, Julian, Kelsey,
Kerr, Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin, George V. Lawrence,
Lincoln, Logan, Mallory, Maynard, McCullough,
Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, Mullins,
Mungen, JVlyers, Neweomb, Niblaek, Nicholson,
O'Neill. Peters, Pike, Poland, Polslcy, Pomeroy, Ran-
dall, Raum, Robertson, Sclienck, Selye, Shanks, Sit-
greaves, Smith, Spalding, Taber, Taffe, John Trim-
ble, Lawrence S. Trimble. Twichell, Van Auken,
Robert T. Van Horn, Van Trump. Ward, Cadwaladcr
C. Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams, Wood, and
W oodward—100.
NAYS — Messrs. Beatty, Boutwell. Broomall,
Churchill, Cullom, Dawes, Ketohain, William Law-
rence, Orth, Paine, Perhain, Price. Sawyer, Seofield,
Thaddeus Stevens, Eliliu 11. Washburnc. William
B. Washburn, and James F. Wilson—18.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Archer, Arnell,
Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Axtell, Baldwin,
Barnum, Benton, Blair, Boyer, Bromwell, Brooks,
Cary, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cornell,
Donnelly, Eggleston, Ela, Finney, Griswold, Halscy,
Harding, Hawkins, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Johnson, Jones,
Kelley, Knott, Loan, Loughridfte, Lynch, Marshall,
Marvin, McCarthy, McClurg, MeCormick, Morgan,
Morrissey, Nunn, Phelps. Pile, Plants, Pruyn, Rob-
inson, Ross, Shellabarger, Starkweather, Aaron F.
Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Stone, Taylor,r Thomas,
Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Va.n Horn,
VanWyck, Henry D. Washburn, William Williams,
John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson. Windom, and
Woodbridge—'71.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. POLAND moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed : and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to. V j'
impeachment of tiie president.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I am directed by the
managers to report to the House a form of rep-
lication to the answer filed by the President
of the United States to the articles of impeach-
ment exhibited by the House, and also to sub-
mit a resolution.
The SPEAKER. The replication and the
resolution will be read.
Mr. CHANLER. Is it in order to call for
the reading of the President's answer?
The SPEAKER. It is not. It is in order to
qall for the reading of the message from the
Senate.
Mr. CHANLER. I call for the reading of
that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that the
message from the Senate can be read, but the
answer of the President cannot be read upon
the demand of any member.
Mr. CHANLER. Does the reading of the
message from the Senate bring the answer be-
fore the House?
The SPEAKER. It does not.
Mr. CHANLER. I desire to ask, for in-
formation, how the House can act judiciously
and judicially on a replication to the answer
of the President without having that answer
before it?
The SPEAKER. That is a matter for the
House and not for the Chair to determine.
Mr. BLAINE. The House heard the answer
ycstcrcisy.
The SPEAKER. The message from the
Senate will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
In the Senate of the United States sitting for the
trial of Andrew Johnson, President of the United
States, upon articles of impeachment exhibited
against him by the House of Representatives:
March 23,1868.
Ordered, That the Managers have time to consult
the House of Representatives on a replication, and
that the Secretary communicate to the House of
Representatives an attested copy of the answer ofthe
President to the articles of impeachment.
Attest: J. W. FORNEY, Secretary.
The Clerk then read the replication reported
by the managers, as follows:
Replication by the House of Representatives of the
United States to the answer of Andrefo Johnson, Pres-
ident of the United States, to the articles of impeach-
ment exhibited against him by the House of Represent-
atives.
The House of representatives ofthe United States
have considered the several answers of Andrew John-
son, President of the United States, to the several
articles of impeachment against him by them ex-
hibited in the name of themselves and of all the peo-
ple of the United States, and reserving to themselves
all advantage of exception to the insufficiency of his
answer to each and all of the several articles of im-
peachment exhibited against said Andrew Johnson,
President of the United States, do deny each ana
every averment in saidscveral answers, or either of
them, which denies or traverses the acts, intents,
crimes or misdemeanors charged against said An-
drew Johnson in the said articles of impeachment
or either of them ; and for replication to the said
answer do say. that said Andrew Johnson, President
of the United States is guilty of the high crimes and
misdemeanois mentioned in said articles, and that
the House of Representatives are ready to prove the
same.
The Clerk then read the resolution reported
by Mr. Boutwell, as follows:
Resolved, That the House hereby adopts the rep-
lication to the answer of the President as now sub-
mitted by the managers.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to inquire of the
managers if the President, in his answer—we
have it not before us—has denied that he is
guilty? I want to know what he admits.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. He admits the fact,
but denies the motive.
Mr. SPALDING. The managers will un-
questionably be met by legal critics in the
other House, and they had better be careful
how they draw the replication.
Mr. BOUTWELL. The attention of the
managers was called to the peculiar form of
the answer filed by tbe President. To most
of the articles, however, he makes answer, in
substanpe, that he is not guilty, although the
form/Si the answer is different from that which
has'generally been"" employed in similar cases.
In respect to some of the articles the answer
"probably amounts to a demurrer merely. But
upon the whole the managers have chosen to
treat the answer of the President to each and
every article as a plea of the general issue of
not guilty. And the managers are of opinion
that no advantage can be taken, as against the
House of Representatives, from the form of
replication which has been reported by the
managers.
Some gentlemen near me desire that the
replication may be read again. And, inasmuch
as it is the desire of the managers to give a few
minutes for criticism, in the first place, before
the previous question is demanded, as to- the
form of the replication, I should myself be glad
to have it again read and the attention of the
House di-reeted to it.
The replication was again read.
Mr. WOODWARD. Will the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. BovtwemJ yield to
mMr. BOUTWELL. For a moment, yes, sir.
