3098
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
claim except that which affects my own con-
stituent. I have before me all the papers.
They convince me that he is entitled to receive
his pay, amounting to some eighteen thousand
dollars. What I desire the gentleman who
reports this bill to do, and what I desire*the
House to do, is to have this bill recommitted to
the Committee on Appropriations in order that
they may report it back, allowing men who have
honestly performed labor to receive the com-
pensation to which they are entitled, especially
when it does not really lake any money out of
the Treasury, but only takes from it money
that is there held for the purpose of reimburs-
ing men who have performed this work.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. Was this work per-
formed under a contract made by the United
States ?■
Mr. ALLISON". The work was performed
under contracts made with the theri Secretary
of the Interior, Mr. Harlan, and the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office. What I
desire to impress 011 the House is the fact that
this work was honestly and faithfully performed,
that the Government has received the benefit
of it, and that the Government in this regard
is a mere trustee for this fund, which goes into
the Treasury of the United States from the
proceeds of the sale of the lands.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman tell
us what authority the Secretary of the Interior
and the Commissioner of the General Land
Office had to contract for surveying these
lands ?
Mr. ALLISON. They had authority under
the treaties made with the Osage Indians and
the Cherokee Indians.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does not the gentleman
know that this House solemnly decided, the
other day, that those treaties were wholly nuga-
tory, and conferred no sort of right, power, or
authority on anybody ?
Mr. ALLISON. I do not know precisely
what the effect of the decision of the House
was.
Mr. MAYNARD. I made this same propo-
sition here the other day and argued it before
the House with whatsoever of ability I was
able, and I will ask the gentleman how he
stood on that question.
Mr. ALLISON. I do not know what par-
ticular decision my friend refers to, but I want
to ask him a question. Here is a surveyor
•who, under a contract made with the proper
officers of the United States, has expended
money and performed labor. I ask him if, as
a member of this House, he is willing to allow
this man to go without receiving his just com-
pensation, and especially when the money does
not come out of the Treasury of the United
States, but out of the proceeds of the sales of
the very lands which he surveyed.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will answer the question
very cheerfully. I believe that the treaties to
which he alludes are valid and binding obliga-
tions upon the Government, and that all the
rights and duties imposed and conferred by
that treaty are as of high a character as any
that we have. I so believed, and so argued
the other day when speaking in behalf of the
rights of the Indians under the treaties. But
the House decided the other way, and what I
wish to know is how the gentleman is going to
get over that decision?
Mr. BLAINE. By the vote of a majority.
Mr. ALLISON. That is the very thing I
am trying to get over, and I want a vote of the
majority of the House recognizing the fact
that this work has been performed and paying
the man who performed it his honest and just
flues.
Mr. BUTLER resumed the floor.
Mr. PRICE. Will the gentleman allow me
few minutes?
Mr. BUTLER. I will yield to the gentle-
man for five minutes.
Mr. PRICE. I do not know that I shall
want five minutes. I merely want to say to
the House what I understand to be the facts
of the case, and if I understand them prop-
erly there certainly ought not to be any hesita-
tion in reference to the action of the House
upon it.
A citizen of my State was sent for by the
Commissioner of the General Land Office to
cometo Washington and receive certain orders.
He came here, and the Commissioner directed
him to go and make a survey of the Osage
lands. He knew nothing about the treaty, nor
was it any part of his business to know any-
thing about it—whether it was right or wrong.
He was acting under the directions of the
officers of the Government. He was given to
understand when he took this contract that the
pay for the work was to come out of the pro-
ceeds of the sale of the lands after they were
surveyed. With that understanding he pro-
ceeded to the field, and by the direction of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office he
put four parties in the field. Why? Because
it is alleged, and nobody denies that, that the
lands are needed, that settlers are waiting to go
upon them, that they are so anxious to settle
these lands that they go upon them without
their being surveyed, and the fact is that the
settlers were waiting and did take up these
lands as fast as they were surveyed. Now,
what could any citizen of the Republic do
under circumstances of that kind? What
would any member of this House do under
circumstances of that kind if he were a sur-
veyor and without work and could get a fair
price ? I ask any gentleman whether he would
not have taken the contract when it was offered
to him by the Secretary of the Interior or the
Commissioner of the General Land Office wilh
the express understanding that no pay was to
eome to him until the lands lie surveyed should
be settled and the money paid into the Treas-
ury of the United States, and then he might
expect his pay from it?
Now, under these circumstances, and with
this stale of facts existing, this gentleman took
this contract, by direction of the officers of
the Government, put four parties into the field,
and performed the survey. The lands have
been sold and paid for, the very land he sur-
veyed; the money has been paid into the
Treasury and is there to-day. Now, 1 would
like the gentleman who reported this bill from
the committee to tell me who is to get that
money ? And when we talk so much here
about the rights of the'eitizen, which ought to
be guarded in all civilized countries, I want to
know what higher right a citizen of this Repub-
lic has than the right to receive from the
Government the just compensation promised
him, after he has complied with the con-
ditions placed upon him ? That money lies
to-day in the Treasury of the United States,
and it has been especially appropriated to pay
for the lands which have been surveyed, and
without surveying which—I wish gentlemen to
remember that fact—there would not have
been one dollar of this money in the Treasury.
Can there be a fairer statement of the case than
this? Can there be a more equitable claim upon
the Government than this claim? If these are
not the facts, if this is not the state of the
case, then I have misunderstood the case
entirely. But if these are the facts, if this is
the state of the case, then I undertake to say
that no gentleman who understands the ease
can refuse to acknowledge the justice of the
claim, because in his individual capacity he
would not for a moment dream of doing so.
It is the due of a citizen of this Government,
who has performed the duties imposed upon
him. and now only asks that he may receive
his fair compensation agreed upon.
Mr. BUTLER. If this case was as stated
by either of the gentlemen from Iowa, [Mr.
Allison and Mr. Price,] 1 would agree tliat
this House ought to pay this man. But there
is a different way of stating the case. By
treaty with the Osage Indians $20,000 was to
be appropriated for the survey of their lands.
By the treaty with the Creeks a certain other
amount was appropriated, which I do not now
remember. In the following year the Gov-
ernment of the United States appropriated
[Mr. FjMixsworth ;] not a bit; and there is no
$•50,000 for these surveys, which my friend
[Mr. Allison] has omitted from his statement.
Of that SoO.OOO; $15,000 has already gone
into the pocket of his client. By the treaty only
$20.000is to be used for this purpose.
Mr. ALLISON. Not my client; my con-
stituent.
Mr. BUTLER. Constituent of the gentle-
man. I beg his pardon; it was a slip of the
tongue entirely from the force of habit.
Now, let us see what is the proposition here.
That we appropriate $78,000 to pay for sur-
veys ; and it is put upon the ground that these
surveys have been made. I will not go into
the question whether they have or have not
been made. All I wish to present, to this House
is this: that there is 110 authority of law for
making these surveys, and that, the appropria-
tion, either by treaty or otherwise, has been
expended, and was expended long before this
work was done; and, with the agreement in
one treaty for §20,000, and an appropriation
toward these surveys of $50,000, Congress went
just as far as it is bound to go and fixed a
limit. And the question with the House to-
day is, whether any Indian commissioner or
any Secretary of the Interior, disregarding the
appropriations and the laws of the U ni ted States,
can authorize any work to be done that he
chooses to have done, or any expenditure to
be made that he chooses to have made, and
then have the men with whom he made that
contract or agreement, without having the right
to make it, come here and say: " We did the
work; we are honest; pay us."
Mr. BLAINE. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. BUTLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. BLAINE. I differ with the gentleman
who reported this bill, [Mr. Butler,] either
through mistake or otherwise, in regard to the
statement he now makes. He says this was
made the limit. Now, I do not think there was
any limit at all. There was 110 such thing speci-
fied in the treaty or appropriation or law as a
limit beyond which they should not go. This
appropriation was not at all dissimilar to appro-
priations of like character which have been
made ever since this Government has owned
public lands, appropriations very much more
extravagant in their character. This is nothing
more than an ordinary deficiency. Where is
the limit? The treaty specified an appropria-
tion, but never said that this much should be
appropriated and 110 more. There is no such
clause either express or implied.
Mr. BUTLER. Now, let us see about the
limits:
"The Osage Indians having no annuities which
would enable thereto pay anything to carry this
treaty into effect, it is agreed that the United States
shnll appropriate t.lip sum of $20,000, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, for the purpose of de-
fraying the expense of the survey and sale of the
lands hereby ceded."
There is the limit.
Mr. BLAINE. But the point my friend
makes is not the point in question. The clause
of the treaty under which this survey was made
is not the one which the gentleman has read,
but it is this:
" The lands herein ceded shall be surveyed as the.
public lands of the United States are surveyed under
the direction of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, and shall be appraised by two disinter-
ested persons, one to bo designated by the Cherokee
national council, and one by the Secretary of the
Interior, and, in case of disagreement, by a third
person to be mutually selected by the aforesaid ap-
praisers; tho appraisement to be not less than an
average of one dollar and a quarter per acre exclu-
sive of improvements."
Under that treaty obligation this work was
done. There was no limitation of the treaty
obligation. The job was to be done; and the
fair implication is that whatever was necessary
to do it the Congress of the United States was
bound to appropriate.
Mr. BUTLER. Now, then, to resume what
I was saying. Part of this claim is under the
Osage treaty, the provision of which I have
read, and part under the Cherokee treaty.
The Congress of the United States has appro-
priated so much as it thought proper to carry
