2074
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
Mr. WOODWARD. I wish to call the at-
tention ot the managers to a state of facts that
I nope they will recognize. If I understood
the answer of the President to the eleventh
article of impeachment, itamounts to a demur-
rer to that article. It denies that there is any
impeachable offense charged in the eleventh
article. My own private opinion is that the
demurrer or answer is very conclusive. I do
not think there is any impeachable offense
charged in the eleventh article.
The answer of the President putting that
point in issue, which is a legal question and
amounts to a demurrer, there should be a
special replication to that part of the answer
which relates to the eleventh article, or a
formal rejoinder in demurrer. This general
replication does not join an issue upon that
article at all ; it is what might be called a de-
parture in pleading. Here is a demurrer to
the eleventh article which denies that any im-
peachable offense is charged in it. The man-
agers do not aver in the replication that the
eleventh article charges any impeachable of-
fense ; and therefore there is no issue upon the
record upon that article.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will my colleague [Mr.
Bodtwell] yield to me for a few moments'!
Mr. BOUTWELL. Certainly.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward] will
find that the eleventh article of impeachment,
like every other article exhibited by the House
against the President, charges and avers that
he has committed a misdemeanor in office or
a high crime in office ; so that there is no de-
parture in the replication.
Now, as to the answer of the President, I
beg leave to call the attention of the House
and the attention of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Woodward] to the fact, that
while it does contain much that is argument-
ative, much that may be called demurrer,
which is never allowed at all in an impeach-
ment case, which was never introduced into
the proceedings of an impeachment case—for
there never was a demurrer entertained by the
Senate in an impeachment case, none ever en-
tertained in the House of Lords of England ;
there is no such note of record ; it does not
lie ; special pleading is unknown to the whole
proceeding—yet this answer of the President
to the eleventh article of impeachment, in
its last clause, does expressly deny, and is
therefore simply a plea of not guilty—it ex-
pressly denies that he committed a crime. As
to form, it is nothing; substance is every-
thing. This is the clause which the gentle-
man overlooked when he raised his objection :
"And this respondent, further answering the said
eleventh article, denies that by any means or reason
of anything in said article alleged this respondent,
as President of the United States, did, on the 21at day
of February. 1868, or at any other day or time, com-
mit, or that ho was guilty of, a high misdemeanor in
office."
I say that by the parliamentary law it is the
same thing as if he had said he is not guilty of
the crimes and misdemeanors alleged against
him in manner and form as charged. Forms
are nothing; substance is everything. _ The
replication is of the substance, and it is no
departure. I would like to see somebody go
into the Senate and prefer a demurrer to the
replication. I would like to see Andrew John-
son do that, and thereby confess the aver-
ments of the replication. No such rule as that
stated by the gentleman obtains, because, as
he knows right well, the demurrer ^admits
everything that is well pleaded; and in this
replication, instead of a departure, the aver-
ment is made over again that Andrew John-
son is guilty of the several high crimes and
misdemeanors alleged against him in the -'Lrti-
des. Now, a demurrer, if it would lie, would
be simply a confession of guilt; that is all.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, I- am will-
ing that all the time which can properly be
given for debate should be so occupied if gen-
tlemen desire. I suppose there will be about
an hour for debate. I therefore demand the
previous question, and when that h£s been
seconded I will yield all of the time allowed for
debate to other gentlemen, and largely to the
minority side of the House, if they choose to
avail themselves of it.
The SPEAKER put the question on second-
ing the demand for the previous question, and
declared it agreed to.
Mr. CHANLEB. I call for a division.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest
to the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Bodtwell] that instead of demanding the pre-
vious question he leave the matter open, with
the understanding, which may be had Dy unani-
mous consent, that the vote be taken on adopt-
ing the replication at five minutes before one
o'clock.
Mr. CHANLER. I rise to a point of order,
that while the House is dividing debate is not
in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Oti seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 88, noes '22.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered.
Mr. BOUTWELL. In accordance with a
promise which I have made to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Wood,J I yield him ten
minutes.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I presume that
the exception taken by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward] to the replica-
tion has reference to making it what it really
ought to be as a replication to the answer of
the President. I think, however, that that is
a question which the court may determine. It
seems to me that the question whether the
replication is sufficient or insufficient is a mat-
ter which probably belongs more appropriately
to the Senate to determine—a question for the
managers and the President's counsel to dis-
cuss before the Senate at the proper time.
I think, however, it is very desirable that
the House, in whatever action it may take with
reference to this procedure, should exercise
the utmost care, and that so far as we are rep-
resented by these managers we should at all
times reserve the right to instruct and direct
the managers. 1 would myself take exception
to the phraseology of the replication where it
refers to the prior action of this House as being
"in the name of all the people of the United
States." Sir, we know that that is not the
fact. There is not a man in this House who
can rise in his place and seriously and can-
didly declare that the people of the United
States have ever authorized the House of Rep-
resentatives to act upon this question, or that
any member of this House was ever elected
upon any such issue. Therefore, it is false
in fact that the House, in this action, is rep-
resenting all the people of the United States.
Sir, we have had no representation made to
this House from any portion of the people of
the United States in favor of this procedure,
except by a handful of office seekers who ex-
pect to derive personal advantage from the
result.
Now, sir, I take occasion to say that these
managers represent the House of Representa-
tives and only the House of Representatives;
a?Td in representing this House they are our
agents. We are responsible for their action,
and they are responsible to this House fortheir
action. We not only have the right to direct
and control them, but I believe that we have
the right to criticise their action, as I propose
to do on this occasion. Now, sir, upon the
first day of the sitting of the court, one of the
honorable managers, acting, no doubt, in pur-
suance of what he deemed to be his duty, took
it upon himself to bully the Senate of the Uni-
ted States sitting as a high court. The honor-
able manager from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] told
the Senate that he wanted to see whether the
Senate would observe its own rules ; and yes-
terday the same honorable manager undertook
to criticise severely, and in my judgment im-
properly, the decision of the Chief Justice of
the United States sitting as the presiding offi-
cer of that court. Now, sir, it will not do to
say that that gentleman alone is responsible
for this ; it will not do to say that the man-
agers alone are responsible. They represent
and speak in behalfof the House of Represent-
atives of the United States.
Therefore it is, sir, I, as one member of the
House of Representatives, desire_ to enter my
protest against any action, against any lan-
guage, against any conduct on the part of
either of these managers not sufficiently deco-
rous and proper, and not commensurate with
the dignity and gravity of the occasion.
Again, sir, the managers yesterday assumed
the right to say that to-day at one o'clock they
would present their replication. Who author-
ized the managers to so declare to the Senate?
Is this replication the replication of the mana-
gers on the part of the House of Representa-
tives in the absence of authority? It may be
the act of the managers, but in the absence of
our action it is not of the House, and it was an
assumption for the managers to declare to the
Senate that at one o'clock to-day they would
present this replication.
Why, sir, a Baltimore paper of to-day con-
tains this replication; so that before being pre-
sented to the House it is given to the public.
Do gentlemen who have been selected by the
House to represent us in the Senate constitute
the House of Representatives for this purpose?
I do think, in a procedure of this magnitude,
of this importance, of this gravity, where gen-
tlemen are selected to represent us, it is but
decorous and proper they should defer to the
House in a matter of such grave importance
before assuming authority ortaking for granted
what the action of the House may be on any
subject.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not propose to criti-
cise this paper. It is upon its face a mere form
of law. It is a mere pro forma procedure,
which, I have no doubt, considering the ante-
cedent events, is proper, and is such a replica-
tion as this House, under the circumstances,
ought to pass ; but I do contend that at every
step of this procedure it is the duty of the man-
agers to consult the House. It is the duty of
the managers to come to the House for instruc-
tion and information. It is the right of this
House to have absolute control of this proceed-
ing from its incipient steps to its conclusion.
Therefore it is, I desire to say, that in the fur-
ther prosecution of this cause the managers
will rely upon the House, that they will con-
form to the action and preserve the dignity of
this House in the prosecution of this case, and
that they will report back for instruction when
important questions shall arise.
Mr. BUTLER rose.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I yield to my colleague
indefinitely.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Speaker, I understand
the objection of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Wood] to be to the replication that it
professes to reply in the name of all the people
of the United States, and therefore as it does
not reply in his name, as he does not agree to
it, therefore it is not a good replication. If
that is so, sir, there would be an end to the
prosecution.
Mr. WOOD. That was not my statement.
The gentleman has not quoted me correctly.
I stated that a portion of the people of the
United States does not authorize this action,
and therefore it does not represent all of the 
people of the United States.
Mr. BUTLER. The Representatives of the
people usually represent their constituents.
But the gentleman has not even the merit of
originality in his objection. The form is one
which has been used for five hundred years,
lacking eight. An objection was made to it
once before and only once, when the people
of England, smarting under the usurpations
and tyranny of Charles I, not having any pro-
vision as we have by which that tyrant could
be brought to justice, stepping outside of their
constitution, but in a perfectly legitimate
manner, as I understand and believe, brought
Charles to justice. When proclamation was
made that they were proceeding iti the name
