1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3099
out the provisions of those treaties, and it is
bound to appropriate no more. What is the
ground on which this appropriation is claimed?
Are gentlemem#inwilling to leave the Congress
of the United States uiurammeled in the mat-
ter of apprspriatkms? We have appropriated
in the geneval bill -all that-was thought proper
for surveys of the public lands each year. But
how is it attempted to compel the United States
to make appropriations which they have not
deemed it proper to authorize ? When we
have appropriated $50,000, the Secretary of
the Interior not only expends that $50,000,
but makes contracts involving an expenditure
of $78,000 more ; and then he comes in here
through the men who have done the work or
their representatives, and says, "You must pay
this, because the work has been done;" and
although there is no authority of law for this
expenditure, although Congress in its judg-
ment decided not to expend any more, yet we
are forced into the improper position of seem-
ing to reject a claim for labor actually done,
or else paying just as much as the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs or the Secretary of
the interior may without authority have con-
tracted to pay.
This bill has received two examinations at
the hands of the Committee on Appropria-
tions. After I was at first directed to report
the bill, the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Am-
son] made his statement to me, and 1 put his
case before the committee, when, by the unan-
imous judgment of all the members present, I
■was authorized to report the bill with a rec-
ommendation that it do not pass. It is time
that we should understand whether Congress
is to control this matter of appropriations.
What is the use of this Congress, under its con-
stitutional authority, determining each year
how much money shall be spent if the head of
each Department may, as is now claimed, run
the country in debt just as much as he pleases
and then force through an appropriation to
meet such indebtedness upon the ground that
somebody has done—what? "In good faith
done the work." Sir, the laws are open to all;
and it is the duty of every man making these
contracts or carrying them out to see just
how much money has been appropriated for
the particular work. The constituent of my
friend from Iowa should have stopped when
the appropriation was exhausted. That was
his duty; and it was the duty of the Secretary
of the Interior to have authorized no work
beyond the point to which an appropriation
had been made.
Mr. PRICE. I wish to ask my friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] a question. Does
he not concede that this work has been honestly
and fairly done; and if so, is not the party who
has in good faith performed it entitled to com-
pensation therefor? If we can this morning, in
less than two and a half minutes by the clock,
vote away what cost the Government thou-
sands of dollars as an act of generosity, I ask
the gentlemen whether we ought not to be
sufficiently just to pay a man for labor per-
formed, who has faithfully and honestly com-
plied with his engagement with the Govern-
ment? It is all in a nutshell; and the answer
to this question -will settle the case.
Mr. BUTLER. I will endeavor to answer
the three questions which the gentleman has
put to me, although not in the order in which
he has put them. First, he asks whether a
man who honestly and justly performs work
for the Government is entitled to his pay?
Yes, always. Second, whether we can vote
away $2,500,000, more or less, in two and a
half minutes? Is it to pay our honest debts?
If so, I say yes; but whether we can or not we
ought to pay our debts in any event. The
other question is, was not this work honestly
and faithfully done? On that I am not in-
structed, but I am instructed that it was not
honestly and faithfully done under the law,
because it was done in violation ot the law ;
and the law is known of all men, especially of
surveyors and Indian agents and all that class
of men, for they study the law with great dili-
gence to see how they may evade it.
Mr. BLAINE. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not think I can; I
promised not to.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me.
Mr. BUTLER. For a moment.
Mr. ALLISON. I wish to make a state-
ment. The gentleman from Massachusetts
says, so far as this particular claim is con-
cerned, it was in violation of law. I wish to
call liis attention to facts and. dates. The
appropriation of $50,000, of which he speaks,
passed Congress on the 28th of July, 18(56.
This contract with my .constituent was on the
15th day of August, 1800, to survey the Cherokee
lands and not the Osage lands ; and under the
Cherokee treaty it is made the duty of the Sec-
retary of the Interior to survey those lands.
Therefore I say, so far as the survey relatng
to the Cherokee lands is concerned, it was
made by the Secretary of the Interior in pur-
suance of the treaty with the Cherokees. And
if there is any treaty which can be made with
the Indians which is binding upon Congress or
the country it is this treaty of 180(5. Gentle-
men may say that treaty was not ratified. It
was ratified and finally signed by the parlies
on the 11th of August, 1806, several days
before this contract was made. I have the cer-
tificate of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office that this work was faithfully and
honestly performed ; and I cau see no reason
why, in justice, equity, and law, this man
should not have the reward of his honest toil.
Mr. BUTLER. I am content that he shall
have the reward of his honest toil, but I ask
him to come to this House, as every other man
who has a claim against this Government—to
come through the Committee of Claims of this
House, and not through the Indian Bureau. I
wish him to come and say, " I have a claim for
which there was no provision of law, and for
which there was no appropriation by law ; and,
having such a claim, I desire to be recog-
nized, because I believe it is just and honest."
My constituents have to come here when they
have jiistcbumsagainstthoGovernment.^ They
have to go before the Committee of Claims of
this House. But, sir, these surveys of these
Indian lands, and all such matters are attempted
to be put through here under the claim that
they are a deficiency. There was no defi-
ciency of appropriation. It wasa willful,direct,
intentional violation of the law, and known to
be so at the time ; and the man who did the
work and the Commissioner took the risk of
getting an appropriation through Congress, as
it had been the custum to do before. When it
is said this is here, as a matter of right, to
that I answer, you have no right because you
had no authority of law.
Now, then, I will deal with this Cherokee
matter. It is a survey of a part of the neutral
land, that land for which the Connecticut Emi-
gration Company has paid $800,000: and while
we were discussing the subject in this House the
treaty was put through the Senate, a treaty by
which land worth $4,000,000, as I am informed,
was sold for $800,000.
Mr. WASHBUJRNE, of Illinois. And
ratified?
Mr. BUTLER. Yes, sir; ratified while we
were talking about it, while we were calling
the attention of the nation to it.
Mr. MAYNARD. Whose lands were they?
Mr. BUTLER. I have no difficulty about
that. They were lands belonging to the Cher-
okee Indians, and they were conveyed with a
condition in the title that they never should
be sold except by the consent of the United
States; and that consent, in my judgment,
cannot be given by the Senate of the United
States. For what is to be the effect? The
Senate have undertaken to ignore the rest of
the Government of the United States in this
matter by what they call a treaty made up here
in the Indian Bureau, taking some eight or nine
thousand dollars to pay the expenses of the
Indians, while they were here, to feed and feast
them and get them drunk until they made it.
Mr. MA'YN ARD. By virtueof what arrange-
ment did the Cherokees procure the title to this
land. Was it not by treaty?
Mr. BUTLER. Yes., sir the^e is no diffi-
culty about that. I admit the title .perfectly ;
but it was covered with this condition: that
the United States should have therightto sell.
Now, then, what is the effect of selling it?
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman
whether the assent of the United States was
not to be given precisely in the same way that
the United States originally gave title to the
land—that is, by treaty ?
Mr. BUTLEli. No, sir; not at all. Itwas
put in without the consent of the United States.
Now, what is the effect of that? Why, that
the land is sold for $800,000, and as soon as
that is eaten up and drank up by the Indians
they come upon the United States for an appro-
priation of money to take care of them, while
$3,000,000 of their property has gone into the
hands of speculators. In the meantime this
Osage tract is being surveyed for what pur-
pose? Why, to get through a treaty which is
now before the Senate. 1 believe it was rati-
fied ; I do not know; but it was lately before
the Senate for eight million acres, at twenty
cents an acre, payable in fifteen years.
A Member. Yes, sir; nine millions.
Mr. BUTLER. I keep within bounds Now,
then, I say we are asked to appropriate money
for a deficiency for what? To meet these sur-
veys, so that the lands settled may be surveyed
at the expense of the United States, and the
men who bought these lands by that treaty
may get possession of them. 1 had not in-
tended to go into this matter, but when gentle-
men come here and claim such good faith in
this matter I want to show this House and the
country how impossible it is for us to limit the
expenditure of this country if we cannot say
how much shall be expended or how much
shall be used by officers of the Government;
up to this time I say it is quite impossible,
because this is the way it is done. While my
friend from Iowa [Mr. Allison] will go with
me in cutting down Indian appropriations, yet
when it comes to a deficiency bill, when he is
appealed to, as he is in this case, by his constit-
uent, who has done work, then he feels it his
duty—and I do not mean to say improperly at
all—to come and advocate the cause of that
constituent in this House. By such means we
got the appropriations raised day by day. The
power which gives control to this House over
the expenditures of the country becomes prac-
tically useless.
Why, sir, do not gentlemen know that you
cannot get any public work done of any de-
scription within the amount appropriated ? It
is not possible to do it, because both the con-
tractor and coutractee often have an interest
in it, and they say, "We will begin upon it
and we will run up the appropriation ; we will
add so much more, and then we will come in
and ask the additional sum to be made up in a
deficiency bill."
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman has stated
again to-day, as on one or two previous occa-
sions, that this tract of land was granted to the
Indians on the condition that they should never
sell it without the consent of the United States.
His usual accuracy in such matters led me to
suppose that he must necessarily be correct in
this statement. I have examined the treaty;
it is before me.
Mr. BUTLER. Of what year?
Mr. MAYNARD. Of 1835. It provides
that the land shall be conveyed in fee simple
to the Indians and their descendants, but I
have not been able to find the provision to
which he refers. I shall be glad if he will cite
that part so that I may examine it.
ilr. BUTLER. I had the citation on my
brief when the matter came up before. Yoa
will find it is provided for. I cannot at this
moment turn to the page. But the very fact
