1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
dred and forty-six. Looking over the appropri-
ations to the Creek Indians I do not find any-
thing to be paid in goods; it is all to be paid
in money or to be paid to employ6s ; and yet
there is $2,000appropriated for transportation.
Mr. POMEROY. Agricultural implements
are to bo purchased, and you have got to trans-
port tliera.
Mr. I-IOWB. "What agricultural implements?
Mr. POMEItOY. In line five hundred and
twenty-four there is an appropriation "for
assistance in agricultural operations, during
the pleasure of the President."
Mr. HOWE. Those are not implements.
Mr. POMEROY. You must have imple-
ments to can-y on agriculture.
Mr. HENDERSON. To satisfy the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin that I am not mistaken
about the necessity of the amendment, il he
will look at the appropriation from line five
hundred and thirty-seven to five hundred and
forty-three, inclusive, he will find that we
have a fund of $775,000 to the credit of the
Creeks, and five per cent, per annum is paid
upon that every year, making $38,7o8 40; and
that is to be invested under the direction of
the Secretary of the Interior in such goods as
he sees fit to send out for them.
Mr. HOWE. Is that to be invested in
goods?
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir; it is to be
expended under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior, and it is expended in that way,
as I understand. This discretionary power is
given to the Secretary, as I understand it, to
be invested in any way he chooses. If he
does not so invest it, I apprehend, of course,
this other expenditure will not be made.
Mr. I-IOWE. You think you cannot afford
to dispense with it?
Mr. HENDERSON. I think not.
Mr. HOWE. Very well; I will not move
an amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the bill
on the third page by striking out lines fifty and
fifty-one, as follows:
For pay of elerk to superintendent at St. Louis,
Missouri, $1,200.
As the Senator will remember, there is no
superintendency located at St. Louis.
Mr. HENDERSON. The superintendency
at Omaha now is the St. Louis superintend-
ency. It was first removed to Kansas City
and then to Leavenworth, and from Leaven-
worth it has now been removed to Omaha.
Mr. HARLAN. That one was removed to
Kausas. The St. Joseph superintendency was
removed to Kansas, and the Minnesota super-
intendency to Nebraska.
Mr. HENDERSON. I believe the Senator
is correct. It is the St. Paul superintendency
that was removed to Omaha, and the St. Louis
superintendency is now what is called the Cen-
tral superintendency. I was under an error.
Mr. HARLAN. If this appropriation is
needed, it would better to correct the phrase-
ology and say: " For pay of clerk for the
Central superintendency" •
Mr. HENDERSON. No; the Northern.
Mr. POMEROY. Omaha is the Northern.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is the one we
are speaking of. It is the one we intend to
give the appropriation to, I believe. \\ hat
One is it?
Mr. HARLAN. Page 3, lines fifty and fifty-
one. " Central superintendency " is the name
of that superintendency.
Mr. HENDERSON. I understand that it
is intended for the Central superintendency,
that it follows the St. Louis superintendency,
which is now at Atchison, I believe. It went
first to Kansas City, and from there to Leav-
enworth, and from Leavenworth to Atchison,
and is now located at Atchison.
Mr. HARLAN. I move an amendment,to
change the phraseology, to say "pay of clerk
for the Central superintendency."
Mr. HENDERSON. I have no objection.
I think that ought to be so ; but the Commis-
sioner told me this was the usual form.
Mr. POMEROY. I am informed by the
superintendent that this is for the Central su-
perintendency. Twelve hundred dollars, I sug-
gest, is a small salary.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I call attention whether
that is the usual amount for the clerk, $1,200
Stilsrv
Mr. HENDERSON. The same amount is
always paid.
Mr. POMEROY. You cannot get a good
elerk for that, T think.
Mr. HENDERSON. We cannot get more
appropriated.
Mr. THAYER. I offer the following amend-
ment to come in on page 38, after line nine
hundred and twelve:
For surveying into (lots the reservation of the
Ottocs and Missourias established by the treaty 15th
March. 1851. and the supplemental treaty of 9th
December, 1854. as provided in sixth artielo treaty of
15th March, 1864, $7,148.
Mr. HOWE. Does that come from a com-
mittee ?
Mr. THAYER. Yes, sir; from the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, and is recommended by
the Department. I hold in my hand the esti-
mate.
The amendment was agreed to. •
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole were concurred in.
Mr. RAMSEY. I propose again the amend-
ment for the Heald and Wright case. It is to
insert as an additional section:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That to enable
the Secretary of the Interior to pay the awards made
to Joseph a. Heald and Keuben Wright, under the
fiftieth article treaty of April 28,1866, with the Choc-
taw and Chickasaw nations ot Indians, the sum or
$90,000 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated
out of the sum of $500,000. now to the credit ot the
Choctaw nationin theXreasury of the UmtedStates,
placed there in conformity with the tenth and thir-
teenth articles, treaty oi June22,1855, with the Choc-
taws and Chickasaws.
I am informed that this is a just claim
against the Choctaws, and they are anxious
that it should be paid.
Mr. POMEROY. It is a private claim.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator from Arkan-
sas [Mr. McDonald] says he knows all about
it, and says that it is a just and proper claim,
and a member of the House of Representatives
informs me that this question has been before
them for four months and thoroughly investi-
gated, and it is a just claim, and would have
been reported there but that the Indian Com-
mittee has not been called for reports.
Mr. HARLAN. That it may not be rejected
without a full understanding, 1 will state that
when the treaty of 18G1 was under considera-
tion the delegates of the Choctaws and Chick-
asaws considered this matter thoroughly, took
ample time to do it, and were assisted by an
attorney of the name of Latrobe, from Balti-
more, 1 suppose known to many of the law-
yers here as a very able man ; and they made
up their minds that it was just and honorable
that they should provide for this claim to the
amount of $90,000. That was the minimum
fixed. They agreed that they would pay that
amount to gentlemen who had goodsin their
country when the war begun, and which they
seized and appropriated to their own use after
the beginning ot the rebellion, llie geutle-
men were down there with heavy stocks ot
goods as traders, and their goods were taken
by these Indians. They agreed, after consid-
ering it fully andtiioroughty, to pay the claim.
I think there was no dissenting votes among
the delegates of these tribes as to the justice
and propriety of their obligation in honor to
meet it. They stipulated, however, that the
aggregate amount should not exceed $90,000,
and that if the claim should amount to more
than that sum it should be paid pru rata. 1
understand that the amount proved up aud
admitted to be just is much larger than that
amount; but under the treaty they have not
obligated themselves to pay more than $90,000.
There is no catch in it. It is a fair agreement.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to say, as 1 spoke
when this question was up betore upon it,
that since that time Governor Boctweli., ot
the other House, whose character cannot be
questioned, came and informed me that the
House committee had this under consideration
and accepted the claim as a correct one, hav-
ing investigated it fully, but that the commit-
tee could not report again at this session, and
they were exceedingly desirous that it should
be adopted as an amendment to this bill. He
said that he had thoroughly examined it and
had no doubt on the subject.
Mr. HARLAN. I ought to state further
that these tribes were informed that the Gov-
ernment would not insist on their providing
for this claim unless they themselves thought
it was just and right; and with that statement
made distinctly to them, and after considering
it for several days, they came to the conclu-
sion that they were in honor bound to provide
for it to that extent.
Mr. POMEROY. Do I understand the Sen-
ator to say it is in the treaty?
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, sir; they agreed in
the treaty to pay this claim to the amount of
$90,000 out of their own funds.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I make no objection.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Indians admit
the obligation to pay; but they say that they
did not understand the money was to come out
of their annuities in the Treasury, which the'y
were receiving, but they thought it ought to
come out of the claim they have.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
Its title was amended by adding the words
"and for other purposes."
RIGHTS OF CITIZENS ABROAD.
Mr. CONNESS. I move now that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
bill to provide for the protection of American
citizens abroad.
Mr. CONKL1NG-. I do not know that any-
body has any objection to that bill coming up;
but, there is not a quorum here, and not half a
quorum. I think it is fair that we should
adjourn with the coast clear, and let us vote
with a full Senate in the morning. I therefore
move that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. CONNESS. On that I call for the yeas
and nays. It was very well understood to-day
that one bill should succeed the other.
Mr. CONKLING-. I did not so understand.
Mr. CONNESS. Very well; we will try it
by a vote.
The yeas and nays were ordered and taken.
The call of the roll having been concluded,
Mr. HENDRICKS, (who had voted in the
negative.) I will change my vote: there is
no possibility of getting a quorum, and I vote
yea. It is evident we cannot transact business.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I will change
my vote ; I vote yea.
Mr. CONKLING. Itake it there will be no
difficulty in getting the bill up to-morrow. I
do not see why we should stay here at eleven
o'clock to-night in order to try and get a
quorum.
Mr. RAMSEY. I will withdraw my vote to
the affirmative.
Mr. CONNESS. I change my vote.
Mr. THAYER. I change my vote from the
negative to the affirmative.
Mr. McDONALD. I change my vote to
?ea-
The result was announced—yeas 15, nays /;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cattell.ConkUng, Conness.Freling-
liuysen, Henderson, Hendricks, Howe, MclJonaict,
Osbom, Poineroy, Ramsey, Koss, Sprague, Inayer,
and Van Winkle—15. _ , T, , _
KAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cole, Corbett, Harlan,
Stewart. Wade, and Wilson 7.
ABSENT - Messrs. Anthony. Bayard, Cameron,
Chandler, Cragin. Oavis, Dixon, Doolittle. IfraKe,
Edmnnds, Ferry. Fessenden, faorrill
ard. McCieeiT, Morgan, MorrUl of Maine, MorriU
^ew ^llu^psh^re^Patterso^ot ^ennes^e^^tio^
^s;y^ir^im™e?:pWiiiiams,
YiSo the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
