1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1051
bcrne, of Illinois,] if the Senate uses $25,000
worth of stationery while the House uses only
$30,000, with three times the number of mem-
bers ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The
amount for each Senator and member has
been limited by a bill passed this session.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and read as follows :
For Congressional Globe and Appendix, $20,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to strike out that
clause. This is not a new question, but one
which has been before Congress on former
occasions and discussed at considerable length.
This printing question lor a long time gave
Congress a great deal of trouble. As the best
mode of escaping from it and solving the diffi-
culty a Government Printing Office was estab-
lished and placed in charge of a superintend-
ent of public printing ; and I believe that the
experience of every gentleman will concur with
mine that the printing is now done much bet-
ter, much more economically, than it was ever
done under either of the previous systems, the
contract system or the system of electing a
congressional printer.
The Congressional Globe, which seems to
have sprung up, no one seems able to tell pre-
cisely how, and fastened itself as one of the
institutions upon the two Houses of Congress,
was not so easily disposed of. After the other
printing had been provided for the question of
The Congressional Globe came up; but when-
ever gentlemen attempted to inquire into the
matter they were always told that there was a
contract which could not be interfered with.
It so went on until the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress, when, in order to put itself into an atti-
tude where it could remand and remit this
work of the congressional debates to the Gov-
ernment Printing Office, where it properly
belongs, Congress passed, on the 4th of July,
I860, the following act:
"Beit enacted by the Senate and IJouse o/ Represent-
titipes of the United States of America in Congress
assembled. That the Secretary of the Senate and the
Clerk of the House of Representatives be, and they
are hereby, directed to purchase from the publishers
of the Congressional Globe and Appendix, for each
Senator, Representative, and Delegate in the present
and each succeeding Congress, who has not hereto-
fore received the same, one complete set of the Con-
gressional Globe and Appendix.
"Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That there shall
be paid to the publishers of the Congressional Globe
and Appendix, by the Secretary of the Senate and
the Clerk of the Iionse of Representatives, out ofthe
contingent fund of the two Houses, according to the
number of copies of the Congressional Globe and
Appendix taken by each, one cent for every five
pages exceeding three thousand pagesfor a long ses-
sion, or fifteen hundred pages for a short session,
including the indexes and the laws of the United
States for this and each future Congress.
" Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That the sum of
593,544 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated for the purposes herein named for the pres-
ent Congress; and that $30,424 of the same be dis-
bursed by the Secretary of tbe Senate, and the re-
mainder by the Clerk of the House of Representa-
tives.
"Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That all acts and
parts of acts inconsistent herewith be, and the same
are hereby, repealed: Provided, however. That the
above provisions are made upon the express condi-
tion that they may be abrogated by either Congress
or the publishers of the Congressional Globe and Ap-
pendix at any time after giving two years' notice for
that purpose."
The Thirty-Ninth Congress, on the 2d of
March, 1867, passed this further provision :
"And be it further enacted, That the notice required
by the fourth section of the act entitled ' An act to
pay in pitrt for publishing the debates in Congress,
and for other purposes,' approved July 4, 1864, is
hereby given that Congress will, in two years from
the close of the present Congress, abrogate the pro-
visions of the first and second sections of said act.
That is, that the contract existing, or sup-
posed to exist, between Congress and the pro-
prietors of the Congressional Globe shall ter-
minate on the 4th day of March, 1869. Yet
the Committee on Appropriations, doubtless
overlooking this provision of the statute, have
provided for the employment of that establish-
ment during the whole of the fiscal year ending
on the 30th of June, 1809.
Now I hop.e this Congress will stop this en-
terprise where the last Congress^ proposed to
sto]s it. To show that that action is wise. 1
have only to ask gentlemen to look at any
printed matter lying upon our desks which
comes from the Government Printing Office,
and compare it with the volumes of the Con-
gressional Globe, which they are accustomed
to receive. The Congressional Globe printing
is the very worst printing done at present, or
which has ever been done by authority of Con-
gress.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BLAINE. I would ask the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Maysaud,] what he
supposes it would cost to get up the Congres-
sional Globe on such paper as we have our
bills printed on?
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not propose that
the Congressional Globe shall be printed on
any such paper at all. But certainly we might
have it printed on paper something like the
paper upon which the "estimates" areprinted,
or upon paper something like that upon which
the debates of Parliament are printed. We
might have them put up in a style that would
last longer than the gentleman himself. The
Globes they give us at present will not last
long enough to answer during the lifetime of
the gentleman or myself, if his life is as long
as I hope it may be.
Mr. GETZ. I think my friend from Ten-
nesson is mistaken in his remarks.
Mr. BLAINE. I was about to say that the
Congressional Globe, to be printed on the
paper to which the gentleman from Tennessee
refers, and such as we print our bills and
estimates ou, would cost an almost incalcu-
lable sum. Now, in my judgment, so far as
regards the style in which the Congressional
Globe is printed, it is printed as well, if not
better, than the average of newspapers in the
country.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does thegentleman think
he has the Congressional Globe in his hands?
It is the Daily Globe.
Mr. BLAINE. I do not think the paper
differs materially. I think the Congressional
Globe is printed as well as the Daily Globe.
That is all I wish to say on that point.
Now, sir, in regard to the reporting of our
debates here by the gentlemen who report for
us, I say that there is no system of reporting
anywhere in the world to compare for its full-
ness, its accuracy, and its impartiality with that
of the reports of the American Congress ill the
Congressional Globe.
Mr. MAYNAIiD. I do not propose to in-
terfere with the present system of reporting by
which our debates are reported- The reporters
here are our employes and we can still retain
them.
Mr. BLAINE. If the gentleman wants us to
appropriate for paper such as he alludes to it
would cost thirty-five to forty cents a pound.
Let him do that if he wants to.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The committee divided on Mr. Mayxard's
amendment; and there were—ayes sixteen,
noes not counted.
The CHAIRMAN. Docs thegentleman in-
sist on a further count?
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not if it can be un-
derstood that I shall have a vote in the House.
Otherwise I do.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is re-
jected.
The Clerk read as follows:
For packing boxes for Senators, s3,500.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to strike that
out. I find by this bill that it appropriates
$13,500 for packing boxes for members, mak-
ing 817,000 for this useless expenditure. It
is to supply Senators and members with these
miserable packing boxes at the rate of two or
three to each member.
A Member. Three.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Two or three each;
I care not what the exact number is. I know
that I seldom ever get any myself, for they are
a useless incumbrance. It seems to me out-
rageous for the House to be adding in this
indirect wav to the emoluments of our office
$17,000 that we might as well save to the coun-
try, as these boxes are useless. We have the
franking privilege by which we may send all
our books and public documents to our homes,
and I do not know what use members have for
these packing boxes unless it is for their pri-
vate use. If they do want trunlis and packing
boxes for their .private uses then let them pur-
chase them themselves.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Com-
mittee on Appropriations examined that item
and found that Senators and members were
allowed to receive a certain number of packing
boxes; and, sir, this appropriation covers the
contract price which the Government pays for
these packing boxes. The Senators are allowed
the same as the members. I feel no interest
in the matter. If members want to strike it,
out I certainly shall make no objection.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to strike out
"500."
I should like to ask my colleague from Illi-
nois if he thinks it reasonable, if he really
thinks $17,000 is required to furnish packing
boxes for the members of the House anu Senate
every year?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I can only
say that has been the case in the past, and that
my colleague and I have shared in it. If he
wishes to strike it out I have no objection.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think that $17,000
will furnish seventeen thousand boxes.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. They cost
five or six dollars a piece.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Nonsense!
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The testi-
mony before the committee was that these
boxes cost seven dollars apiece.
Mr. WINDOM. As I understand it, each
member receives three boxes. There are fill} -
four Senators, and $3,500 makes these boxes
cost twenty dollars each. The gentleman from
Illinois says they are estimated at seven dollars
each, and yet we pay twenty dollars.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw the
amendment to the amendment.
The question being taken on the original
amendment of Mr. Faiinsworth, it was agreed
to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill;
and having read the following clause:
For miscellaneous items, £25,000.
Mr. CULLOM said: I move to strike out
that item, unless it can be satisfactorily ex-
plained.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ The only-
explanation is, this is an appropriation for the
ordinary contingent expenses of the Senate,
the same that we have in the House. We have
always had it in both' branches. The esti-
mate which was given to the committee for the
Senate was 830,000. The committee cut it
down to 825,000.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Who makes the
estimate?
Mr. CULLOM. I think we are appropri-
ating a sufficient amount to the Senate, the
objects of which are specified.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman can refer to an official document which
I have hero, which will give him every single
item of the appropriation.
The question being taken on the amend-
ment, there were—ayes forty.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will con-
sent that it be stricken out. I have no more
interest in it than my colleague.
The amendment was accordingly agreed to.
Mr. BOYER. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was disagreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and read the following paragraph:
For compensation of the officers, clerks, messen-
gers, and others receiving an annual salary in the
service of the House of Representatives, namely:
Clerk ofthe House of Representatives, 43,GOO: Chief
CIerkandonc assistant, at i2,160each; twelve assistant
clerks, (including the Librarian,) :it S-l,800 eaell; one
chief messenger; and the clerk to the Speaker, each at
$4 80 per day: for three messengers, at $1,200 cach:
one encineer, three ouisiiut enjineerf, at
