/
2076
TUB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBI.
March =29s,
I hope that section will
PRESENTATION OF BILLS TO TIIE PRESIDENT.
EDMUNDS. _ As there seems t.o be but
li/o' any' m01' ing business, I move that
Senate proceed to the consideration of the
/r\ ^o. 366) regulating the presentation
6t bills to the President of the United States
f and the return of the same. Let us see if we
cannot get that disposed of.
The motion was agreed to; and the consid-
eration of the bill was resumed as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
ameudment.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the bill by
striking out the last section.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The sec-
tion proposed to be stricken out will be read.
_ The Secretary read the last section of the
bill, as follows:
Sec. 3. Anrlhc it further ruar.tcd, That the time men-
tioned ill this act shall be computed by excluding the
day on which d. bill may be presented to the Presi-
dent and including the tenth day (Sundays excepted)
thereafter.
Mr. EDMUNDS,
not be stricken out.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, it is the sec-
ond section that I wish to strike out.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The sec-
ond section of the bill will be read.
The Secretary read the second section, as
follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That every bill
which, having passed both Houses of Congress, and
having been presented to the President, as provided
in tlift Constitution, shall not have been returned by
thej President with his objections thereto to that
House in which it originated within tlio timo herein
defined and declared shall be a law; and it shall bo
the duty of the President in sueh caso immediately
to deliver such bill, so having become a law, to the
Secretary of State, who shall receive and proceed
with the same in the same manner as may be pro-
vided by law for bills signed by the President, and
to certity thereon, and in the promulgation thereof,
that such bill has beoome a law for tho cause afore-
said.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Kentucky, which is to strike out the section
just read.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read tho third timo.
Mr. DAVIS. On the passage of the bill I
ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUG KALE W. 1 desire to inquire of
the Senator who has this bill in charge whether
the provision is retained that messages shall
be filed with the Secretary of the Senate and
Clerk of the House of Representatives ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That the bills shall be
returned to the Secretary or Clerk with the
messages.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I should like to know
how the Secretary can make entries and make
up a Journal when the Senate is not in session.
I can understand that when the Senate recon-
venes the Clerk may hand to the President of
tho Senate, just as any member might or any
outsider might, the particular paper, and it
may then be presented to the Senate, and it
may bo entered in the Journal. But this bill
contemplates that our Secretary shall make
and keep a Journal when the Senate is not here
at all, when there can be no Journal of its pro-
ceedings.
Without entering into debate on the other
features of the bill, which were discussed on
a former occasion by the Senator from Dela-
ware, [Mr. Bayard,] and by other members, I
will say that I think that portion of the bill,
at least, ought to be omitted. The transmis-
sion of a message in the manner proposed to
the Secretary of the Senate must go for nothing
for any constitutional or legal purpose, and the
bill ought, therefore, to provide, if passed at
all, that this message be transmitted to the
Senate in the usual manner. How can you by
law charge upon the President, under the Con-
stitution of the United States, the duty of com-
municating with the Secretary of the Senate or
communicating with any one else except the
Senate itself? I do not care to enter into de-
bate, but I wanted to suggest this point before
the bill was passed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish to occupy
time except to answer fairly the suggestion of
my friend from Pennsylvania. His opposition
to that clause of the bill to which he has re-
ferred is really an opposition to the whole prin-
ciple of the bill. The bill proceeds upon the
principle that the Congress of the United States
is in session after it commences on the first
Monday of December, for instance, all the time,
until it adjourns itself as a Congress definitely
and finally; and it therefore proceeds upon
the included principle that when we adjourn
over each body from one day to another Con-
gress is still sitting in session, although the par-
ticular components of it are distributed all over
the city; but still it lias its members and its
officers; the one House has its President and
the other its Speaker. The language of the
Constitution is that the President shall return
a bill within ten days after it is presented to
him " unless the Congress by their adjourn-
ment prevent its return;" that is the language
of the Constitution. Now, what is an adjourn-
ment of "the Congress?" The Constitution
says that the Congress is composed of a Senate
and of a House of Representatives associated
together for political and legislative purposes;
and it is that associated body which represents
the whole law-making power of the Govern-
ment whose adjournment it is that is to pre-
vent the return of a bill. Another clause pro-
vides that he shall return the bill to that House
in which it originated; and the same Constitu-
tion provides that either House may of its own
motion adjourn for three days. Now, then,
if one House adjourns for three days, and the
bill is to be returned to that House, is it an
adjournment of the Congress? Of course not.
Then can he not return the bill to that House
during those three days although it is riot sit-
ting? If he cannot it is equivalent to saying
that he is bound to return the bill within seven
days, or else it must become a law in spite of
his opposition, when, perhaps, it was only passed
by one majority.
The fault in the argument against this bill is in
considering that tho adjournment of one House
to a definite time, either with or without the con-
sent of the other House, as the Constitution may
permit or provide, is an adjournment of Con-
gress, the law-making and legislative power of
the country, a consolidated body in legal con-
templation when the concurrent act of the two
Houses is requisite to the perfection of a meas-
ure. If that bo tho nature of each House it is
still a House and a body, although it does not
sit every moment of time, and it has an officer
who, for all purposes with which the law may
clothe him, represents that body in a mere ex-
ecutive and ministerial point of view.
Now, what do we provide ? We provide that the
President may, at any time within the ten days,
if he wishes, return a bill with his objections
though the House in which it originated may
not be sitting actually in its Chamber, although,
in contemplation of law, it and the Congress of
which it composes a part is in session ; that is
to say, if a bill be returnable to day, if this be
the tenth day, and we choose for any reason,
as we frequently do, to adjourn almost upon
the moment of our assembling, that the Presi-
dent may still exercise, in a manner regulated
by law, his constitutional prerogative of return-
ing the bill, with his objections, to this body—
because it is still a body—it may punish per-
sons for contempt of its authority just as well
committed after it has adjourned, for the day,
as it is called, as before.
What, then, do we provide? We simply
provide that he may communicate with this
body while its active operations are in a state
of suspense from one day to another, or from
one day to two or three days or a week, as the
case may be, by filing the paper that the Con-
stitution gives him a right to file within that
time with the responsible officer whom the law
designates to receive it; and then all that is
required of that officer is that he shall enter
upon his Journal, which is a book that the
rules of the Senate and the Constitution re-
quire to be kept—not any daily entry of pro-
ceedings, not an ideal thing, but an actual
book, the book of record—that he shall enter
in that book of record, under the date upon
which the bill is returned, the fact that it is
returned with the message. Then, when we
meet on the next day, whatever that day may
be, when the Journal of the last day's pro-
ceedings is read, you find the official, entry,
the record of the clerk that the law requires
him to make, that on such a day this bill, with
the accompanying message, was returned. Is
there anything irregular or illegal in that when
the law has once fixed it? I certainly fail to
perceive it. And I may say that this measure
met with the careful examination of the mem-
bers of the Judiciary Committee, composed of
gentlemen of my friend's own party as well as
of my own ; and inasmuch as it did not in-
volve—perhaps I ought not to say "inas-
much" 
Mr. JOHNSON. It was not a party meas-
ure.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I was about to say that,
inasmuch as it was not in any" sense a party
measure, we felt that we were®invcstigating
it on all sides without any bias, which some-
times misleads men in the investigation of a
case, and I believed we concurred unanimously
not only in the constitutionality of the measure
but in its eminent propriety as a measure of
regulation for these cases that must frequently
otherwise occur.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, the
Constitution provides that the Senate shall
keep a Journal of its proceedings, of what it
does itself. In another clause it is provided
that when the President returns a bill with his
objections that message thus containing his
objections shall be entered upon the Journal
of the Senate. The fact of receiving sueh a
message and the entry of that message upon
the Journal must, in the very nature of the
case, be when the Senate itself is in session.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is begging the ques-
tion.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The Senator says I beg
the question. I refer to the express language
of the Constitution. The Journal is to be kept
by the Senate, and it is to be a Journal of what
it does, a Journal of its proceedings. What is
a proceeding of the Senate ? The reception
of a message from the President of the United
States is a proceeding by the Senate ; it is an
act by the Senate itself. The entering of the
message upon the Journal is the act of the
Senate itself, though it is done by the Secre-
tary of the Senate. It is done in the presence
of the Senate, and it is the act of the body
itself for that reason. I think, therefore, it is
manifest that under the Constitution of the
United States this Journal and the entries upon
the Journal are matters which relate to a ses-
sion of tho Senate, an actual session, the per-
sonal presence of the body, and that it is not
competent for the Senate to commit to one of
its own officers, or to any officer of the Gov-
ernment, or to any citizen, the performance
of a duty which is by the Constitution charged
upon itself and to be performed by itself. I
do not know that by multiplying words I can
make my meaning more clear than I have by
the statement already submitted.
Mr. JOHNSON. There was some little dif-
ficulty in the committee on the question—not
much—and I think that we all came to the con-
clusion that it was within the power of Congress
to adopt a measure such as the one before you
now. The supreme court of New Hampshire,
composed of very able men, and in whose con-
stitution there is a like provision to the one
involved in this discussion, except that the
number of days is less, being five, I think,
there instead of ten, came to the opinion, and
they have acted upon it ever since, that the bill
might be returned to an officer of the body,
although the body was not in actual session.
The honorable member from Pennsylvaniagives
a literal interpretation to the words of the Con-
stitution, and exclusively literal. He says that
