3100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
that the Senate have just ratified a new treaty
giving that consent is strong if not conclusive
evidence of the fact that there is such a pro-
vision.
Air. AIAYNARD. I wish the gentleman
would turn to it.
Air. BCJTLEU. I will turn to it when I get
through and satisfy the gentleman. I say that
upon this matter the whole question is now to
be determined whether we are to hold our con-
trol over the expenditures Of the Government
or not. If this gentleman'has got a claim for
fifteen or eighteen thousand dollars, let him go
to the Committee of Claims, and if he shows a
just one 1 will vote for it; but my proposition
is that you shali not force through an appro-
priation of $78,000 by the Senate on the pre-
tense of paying an honest man $18,000 out of it.
_ Again, sir, I want another principle tested
just here, and I would not take up the time of
the House if it were not a very important mat-
ter. I want it understood whether the Senate
of the United States, and the President of the
United States, can control the expenditures
Ot this Government, without the consent of this
House, hy treaties? If they can, there is an end
to this Government in the form in which it was
first launched by our fathers. If they can
properly, as it is claimed, appropriate $20,000
under the Osage treaty they can appropriate
$2.000,000; if they can appropriate $2,000,-
000, then they can appropriate $7,500,000 for
Alaska^ if they can appropriate $7,500,000
for Alaska, they can appropriate $7,500,000
for St. Thomas; and it' they can appropriate
$7,500,000 for St. Thomas, they can appro-
priate 81,000,000,000 lor Mexico.
Air. H1GBY. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
_ Mr. BUTLER. 1 will yield for a question
simply.
Air. 1IIGBY. I would ask the gentleman if
the Committee on Appropriations have not
been asking Congress to appropiiate money
under treaties made with Indians all through
this session, and if they do not do it every ses-
sion of Congress—treaties made by the Exeeu
tive and sanctioned by the Senate without
regard to the House?
Air. BUTLER. Certainly we have, and so
much the worse for us. 1 agree that we have,
and we have felt ourselves obliged to do it.
But that is another question. The question
here is whether the Senate can say we shall
appropriate so much money. I say no, and the
moment this House gives up its control over
tins matter we might as well give up all con-
trol over the expenditures, because by a reci-
procity treaty with any nation the Senate can
control all our revenues and by another treaty
they can control all our expenditures and this
House becomes substantially useless as the
constitutional keeper of the taxes of the
people.
Air. AIAYNARD. Will the gentleman tell
me how it is possible for the nation to make
contracts with another nation?
Air. BUTLER. No, sir; I will not go into
that.
Mr. AIAYNARD. Will hetellme if he
thinks it possible for us to deal in this way with
thepoweriul nationsof the earth withoutinvolv-
ing ourselves at once in war and international
complications ?
Air. BUTLER. When we get to be so poor
and so weak as to have, in dealing with the
other nations of the world, to pay tribute to
them by treaty to keep them good-natured, then
I am for fighting. But I deny that we are under
obligations to any nation on the earth to make
any treaty to pay money, anditis wholly against
the theory of this Government that we should
be making treaties to pay money. We have
been making treaties with the Indians to do
what? To take care of them and to buy their
lands ; and a more iniquitous system never was
heard of. I yield now to the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Washburne.]
Air. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I only
desire a moment to state to the House the
views by which I was governed in regard to
this bill. The bill is sent to us from the Sen-
ate with an appropriation of $78,000, which,
it is alleged, is a deficiency under existing
laws, for which Congress is obliged to appro-
priate money. We find that it is no deficiency.
We find that the Secretary of the Interior,
without authority of law, for some purpose,
probably a good one, known to himself, made
a contract with a party from Iowa with regard
to the survey of lands. It was done without
authority of law, and it was his business to
know that when he made the contract. The
bill when it came from the Senate was sent to
the Committee on Appropriations. The Com-
mittee found there was no law authorizing' this
appropriation to be made, and they directed
this report to be made, as I supposed, unani-
mously. I did not suppose the gentleman
from Alaine [Air. Bi.aine] was opposed to it,
but 1 understand now that he was.
Air. SPALDING. Yes; and there is an-
other member of the committee here who
knew nothing about it.
Air. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There was
a majority of the committee, and there was no
objection to the report made by the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Air. Butler] that there
was no authority of law for this. The question is,
is the House to pass upon this question in this
way? This is nothing but a private claim. If
this man has done the work let him go with his
account before the Committee of Claims; let him
introduce his testimony there, and let that com-
mittee report upon the claim. But to come in
here under the guise of a deficiency, when there
is no dehciency, and undertake to load down
our appropriation bill with $78,000, I say is an
outrage. I ask gentlemen where they expect
to land if they go on with appropriations day
after day in this way, if the Committee on
Appropriations are to be overruled in this way,
and if every elloit !or economy which we make
is to be nullified by the House?
Air. ALLISON. 1 wish to ask the gentle-
man if it is not the fact that this money is now
in the Treasury, as proceeds of the sales of
these identical lands so surveyed? And before
the gentleman answers that question, I wish to
say that I know nothing about any portion of
this bill, except the amount 1 have spoken of;
and I knew nothing of that until a few days
ago, when this man came to my room and
explained his case fully to me.
Air. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I know
nothing about these parties. It seems that not
only otic but more aie interested in this case.
And because my friend from Iowa [Air. Alli-
son] has a constituent interested in it, lie comes
in here and asks us to appropriate ,$78,000 in
this bill.
Air. ALLTSON. I do not ask any such
thing. 1 only ask that this bill shall be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Appropriations,
and that they shall examine the case.
Air. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Very well.
Then I will suggest to my colleague on the
Committee on Appropriations [Air. Butleb] to
let this bill take that course ; to let it go back
to the Committee on Appropriations, and let
us have a thorough sifting of this whole matter
in connection with this extraordinary treaty
concerning the Osage and Cherokee lands. And
let the Committee on Indian Affairs, to whom
the message of the President upon the subject
was relened yesterday, with power to send tor
persons and papers, let them examine the
whole question, and let us get to the bottom
of it.
Air. BLAINE. That is all that has been
asked.
Air. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Very well;
let us get to the bottom of it.
Air. SCOF1ELD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Air. Bctlek] a
question.
Air. BUTLER. Very well.
Air. SCOFJELD. 1 understand the gentle-
man from Illinois [Air. Washburne] to say
that the Secretary of the Interior ordered this
additional expense from honest and correct
motives. Now, from the debate ail around
me, I had been led to suppose that t.he Secre-
tary of the Interior had ordered this expendi-
ture in order to get this land surveyed ready
for the treaty which these speculators have had
made. Now, if that inference from that debate
is incorrect, and the Secretary of the Interior
ordered this survey from correct motives, I
would like to know it.
Mr. BUTLER. As we are to open up this
whole subject—and it is very necessary to open
it up, as two members of the Committee on
Appropriations have said that they were not
present when this matter was passed upon by
the committee—I am quite ready to agree with
my colleague on the committee, [Air. Wash-
burne, of Illinois,] and let this bill be recom-
mitted.
Air. BLAINE. That is right.
Air. BUTLER. For the purpose of enabling
me, when this matter comes up again, to
answer every question the gentleman fioin Ten-
nessee [Air. AIatxakd] and every other gen-
tleman may ask me—and let the right prevail,
for I want to have this thing thoroughly venti-
lated—I move that this bill be recommitted to
the Committee on Appropriations; and upon
that motion 1 call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question was ordered ; and under the
operation thereof, the motion to recommit was
agreed to.
indian commission appropriation.
Air. BUTLER. I have also been instructed
by the Committee on Appropriations to report
another bill, which I ask to have considered at
this time.
Air. HOLAIAN. I desire to reserve the point
of order, that, being an appropriation bill, it
must receive its fiist consideration in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Air. BUTLER. I hope the gentlemau will
reserve his point of Older until I can make a
statement in regard to the bill.
Air. HOLAIAN. I will do so.
The bill (H. R. No. 1218) appropriating
money to sustain the Indian commission, and
to carry out treaties made thereby, was then
read a first and second time.
Air. BUTLER. If the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. HoLiiAx] insists upon his point of
order, of course this bill must, first, be consid-
ered in Committee of the Whole. But I desire
to make a statement to show that the present
condition of the public business requires that
this bill should be passed at once.
This bill proposes to appropriate $150,000
to aid the Indian peace commission, to defray
their expenses, and to meet the obligations of
the treaties which they are now making with
certain Indians, among which are the Navajoes,
whom they have been able to have removed.
I report this bill in response to a desire ex-
pressed by General Sherman and the peace
commission, who have sent a special messenger
here to say that many hundreds of thousands
of dollars can be saved to this Government by
making a small appropriation to carry out the
arrangements that they are now making with
the western Indians to prevent a war. In order
to give them the means to carry out such an
arrangement the Committee on Appropriations
have directed me to report this bill. This money
is to be expended only to carry out the opera-
tions of the Indian commission who are now
dealing with the Indians on the Plains.
If the gentleman from Indiana is not satis-
fied with this explanation, then this hill must
go to the Committee of the Whole.
Air. HOLAIAN. I think this bill had better
go to the Committee of the Whole.
Air. BUTLER. Then I move that this bill
he referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER. I ask consent of the House
that this bill be made the special order in Com-
mittee of the Whole for Monday next.
