1052
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
&1.200 each; six Bremen, at $2 10 each per dav- clnrlc
to Committee of Ways and Means, $2,160; clerk to
Committee on Appropriations, $2,160: clerk to Com-
mittoe on Claims, $1,800; Sergeant-at-Arms, |2,160 •
clerk to Sergeant-at-Arms, 81,800; messenger to  ho
feergeant-at-Arms, $1,200; Doorkeeper, $2160'* first
assistant doorkeeper, #2U60; Postmaster,|2,160'; firet
assistant postmaster, $1,740; four messengers, atSl 440
each; two mail boys, at $900 eaeh; Chaplain, $750-
two stenographer J3;650 eaeh; superintendent of
nln?t"«00m' ®t1'80C®' superintendent and assistant
of the document-room, at $4 80 per day each • eleven
messengers, five at $1,500; and six at $1?200 ellh?
«YSnne messensers during the session, at the rate of
Offiofflo^"11111' ' malsiin8 a total amount
Mr. WOODBIUDGE. I move to strike out
that paragraph and insert in lieu thereof the
following;
For compensation of the officers, clerks, messengers
and others receiving an annual salary in the ser-
. vice ot the House of Representatives, namely: Clerk
ol the House of Representatives, $4,320; Chief Clerk
and one assistant, $2,592 each, $5,184; twelve as-
sistant clerks, (including the Librarian,) at $2,160
each, 820,920; ono chief messenger and messenger to
the fepeaker, at $5 /6 perdaycach, $4,20 4 80; forthree
messengers, at$l,440each,$4,320; oncengineer,$l,800;
three assistant engineers, at $1,440 each, $4,320; five
firemen, at $2 40 eaeh per day, $4,380; for clerk to
Committee of Ways and Means, $2,592; clerk to Com-
mitteeon Appropriations, $2,592; clerk to Committee
on Public Lands, £2,160; clerk to Committeo on
Claims, $2,160: Sergeant-at-Arms, $2,592; clerk to the
bergeant-at-Arms, $2,160; messenger to the Sergeant-
at-Arms, $1,440; Doorkeeper, $2,592; first assistant
doorkeeper, $2,592; Postmaster, $2,582; firstassistant
postmaster, $2,088; five messengers.-at $1,728 each-
imail boys' at ?1-oso eaoh i Chaplain of the House,
$900; stenographers, $4,380; superintendent offolding-
room, $2,160; superintendentand assistantof thedoe-
ument-room, at $5 76 per day each, $4,205 80; eleven
messengers, five at $1,800 and six at $1,440; twelve
messengers during the session, at theratcof $l,440per
annum, $11,520.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I was
badly beaten on this amendment before. I will
agree to consider it as adopted and take a vote
on it in the House.
The amendment was accordingly agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill
and read the following proviso in reference to
the pay of the Capitol police ;
Provided, That from and after the close of the cur-
rent fiscal year the police and protection of the
Capitol building and grounds shall be under the
direction of the engineer department of the Army,
and the Secretary of War shall detail for that service,
from the garrison of Washington, such number of
nun-commissioned officers and privates, not exceed-
ing forty, as may be deemed necessary for the pur-
pose by the ongineer-in-chief; and soldiers when
so employed shall have an extra allowance of twenty-
five cents per day for privates and thirty cents per
day for non-commissioned officers; to bo paid during
the next fiscal year out of the appropriation herein
made, and hereafter by the pay department of tho
Army out of the general appropriation for the Army.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I move to strike
out that whole proviso.
Mr. MAYNARD. I raise the point of order
that this proviso is not in order in this bill.
When the bill was introduced this point of
order was reserved by the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Holhan.] This proviso, there-
fore, stands precisely as an amendment pro-
posing independent legislation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point; it is independent legislation.
Mr. HOLMAN . I raise the point of order
that this point cannot be made at this stage
of the bill, but during its first reading at length
by the Clerk.
The CHAIRMAN. The first reading was
merely for information. Any point could be
made on this reading that might have been
made in the House before the reference to the
Committee of the Whole.
The proviso was accordingly stricken out.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to amend the clause,
" for the Capitol police, $5,000," by striking
out $5,000 and inserting $74,000. The ex-
penses of the Capitol police as now organized
are $71,000 per annum. That is the estimate.
Mr. LOGAN. It is $64,000.
Mr. BLAINE. No, sir; it is $74,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. How does the paragraph
stand no w ?
The CHAIRMAN. It reads: "For Capi-
tol police, $74,000."
Mr. BROOKS. Is the proviso stricken out?
The CHAIRMAN. It was ruled to be not
in order.
Mr. BROOKS. I think it was a misprint.
I do not think it ever came from the Commit-
tee oil Appropriations. It must have been the
work of the printer's devil.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is the sum
now $04,000 or $74,000?
The CHAIRMAN. It is $74,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from Maine should modify his amend-
ment so as to make it correspond with the
estimates.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to modify it so as
make the sum $(>4,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. The amount in the esti-
mates is $35,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. Thirty-two thousand
dollars.
Mr. LOGAN. For the Senate and the
House it is $64,200.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objec-
tion, the paragraph will be modified so as to
make the appropriation $64,000 instead of
$74,000.
No objection was made.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the com-
mittee rise.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
the gentleman from Wisconsin will not inter-
fere with the arrangement made when we
went into committee. The understanding was
that we should remain in session until half
past four o'clock.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Understanding that there
was some such tacit agreement in the House
I withdraw the motion.
The Clerk read the following paragraph:
For twenty-four copies of The Congressional Globe
and Appendix for each member and delegate of tho
third session of the Fortieth Congress, and one
hundred copies of the same for tho House library,
$25,250, or so much thereof as may bo necessary.
Mr. COBURN. I move to add the follow-
ing proviso :
Provided, That from and after the close of the cur-
rent fiscal year tho proceedings of Congress shall be
reported and printed under the superintendence of
the Congressional Printer, and shall be printed and
bound at the Public Printing Office.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I make the
point of order that that is independent legisla-
lation. It changes the contract and the law
both.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. JULIAN. I have been absent from the
House for a little while, and I ask unanimous
consent to offer an amendment on a page which
we have passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object
to going back.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to strike out the
paragraph which has been read in relation
to The Congressional Globe. The effect will
be substantially the same as the motion that
was made by my friend from Indiana, [Mr.
Coburn.]
In answer to the similar proposition which I
made a few pages back in the bill, it was said—
and that was all the reply made by the gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Blaine]—that if the
debates were printed on such paper as our bills
are printed upon it would cost a great deal of
money. I wish to ask the gentleman from
Maine, who evidently must have understood
the subject, or he would not have presumed to
speak upon it—and it is his business to under-
stand it, as a member of the Committee on Ap-
propriations, in presenting such an appropria-
tion—I wish to ask him how much money The
Congressional Globe costs the Government
now, one year with another ? I ask him to tell
this House whether one quarter of a million dol-
lars will cover the expense—aye, whether half
a million dollars will cover the annual expend-
iture one way and another for The Congres-
sional Globe? It costs us an enormous sum,
and the complaint I make is, that we do not
get the worth of our money. If it is printed,
as the last Congress contemplated, at the Gov-
ernment Printing Office, it will be done as the
other public printing is done, at the exact
expense for paper and labor.
I do not propose to interfere with the present
system of reporting the debates, which the gen-
tleman cannot think more highly of than I do.
I do not propose to interfere at all with those
gentlemen sitting in the reporters' seats here ;
I propose that they shall continue to report as
they do now. But I propose that their reports
shall be printed where our other printing is
done, at the Government Printing Office, under
the management of the Superintendent of Pnb-
lic Printing, under whose management the pub-
lic printing has been exceedingly well done,
better than ever before since the beginning of
the Government.
I submit this proposition as one of economy,
as one which will reduce the expenditures of
the Government a very great amount. And it
will give us the further advantage of getting
the value for the money which we appropriate,
for this work. I know it is very hard to get
removed from Congress any institution after it
has been once established, because there are
so many influences brought to bear upon liism-
bers of which they are wholly unconscious;
words are whispered in their ears from quar-
ters of which they have no suspicion; what
they take unsuspectingly for fact is frequently
the most interested statements.
I read a few minutes since the legislation of
Congress in 1864, and the legislation of the
last Congress, contemplating a termination of
the relations now existing between Congress
and the Congressional Globe establishment at
the close of the present Congress, and looking
to having that printing done at the Govern-
ment Printing Office. Then we can order such
number of copies of the debates as we choose,
just as we now order upon the report of the
Committee on Printing; such numbers of
copies of the Patent Office report, of executive
documents, or anything else, as we want. I
want some gentleman to tell me what reason
there is, if any, why this printing should not
be done at the Government Printing Office tho
same as all the other Government printing is
done?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have only
this to say in reply to the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Maynard,] this is to carry out a
provision of existing law, and of a contract
under that law. The gentleman's speech may
be very well on some other occasion, but it is
out of place now. I am opposed to his amend-
ment, and ask that the vote be taken upon it.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentlemen allow
me a moment?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir.
Mr. CHANLER. I move to reduce the
amount appropriated in this paragraph one
half. I do so for the purpose of saying that
unless we have some guarantee that the print-
ing ordered to be done at the Government
Printing Office shall be laid upon our tables at
the time specified by law, then I do not want
to order any more printing done by that office.
There is hardly any report laid on our desks at
the time provided by law.
I am assured by practical printers connected
with that office that it will be impossible to get
up at the Government Printing Office a daily
paper like The Daily Globe, unless it be entirely
reorganized in an entirely different manner
from what it is now. Therefore the object of
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard]
will be defeated, unless there shall be addi-
tional legislation upon this subject. And before
we put this extra amount of work upon the Gov-
ernment Printing Office, we certainly should
insist upon the prompt and satisfactory per-
formance of the work now submitted to that
establishment. I do not make any charges;
but I wish simply to show that the Government
Printing Office has already as much work as it
can do, and even more. And by laying double
work upon that establishment we certainly will
gain nothing.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
burns] to the provision of the statute which I
read a few minutes since, and which probably
escaped his attention. That provision expressly
