1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4125
tution and laws of the State. I will Endeavor
to make it so appear to the House, firmly be-
lieving that, aided by the light afforded by the
testimony in the ease and sneh attendant cir-
cumstances as form a part of the history of the
country and are notorious everywhere, I can
do so successfully.
From the day Fort Sumter fell until the day
of the election in 1866 a majority of the popu-
lation of the State of Missouri had either been
engaged in rebellion against the Government of
the United States or were aiders and comforters
of those so engaged. In 1861 the Governor
and other State officers, nearly every member
in both Houses of the Legislature, and at least
three fourths of all the county and municipal
officers were either open and avowed enemies
or sympathizers with treason. Of but little
avail were the efforts of Union men in protect-
ing themselves and in trying to uphold your
Government so long as the laws were dictated
by traitors and executed by their confederates.
Hence the first step in suppressing the rebellion
in that State was to depose and overthrow the
traitorous State government. As one man the
loyal people put themselves to the work, and
with the aid of their friends from the adjoining
States the task was successfully accomplished.
The provisional government instituted in its
stead administered the affairs of the State until
at the general election in November, 1864, the
direct question was submitted to the people,
" Will you have a convention to amend your
constitution by abolishing slavery and protect-
ing the ballot-box in the hands of loyal men
and loyal men only?" The response was
"Yes," by a majority of more than thirty thou-
sand. Delegates were elected, among whom
was the contestant, he being the candidate of
the disloyalists of the district in which he
resides, every one of whom voted "No" on
the question of calling a convention.
Tlie convention met in January, 1865, and
was by no means sluggish in doing the people's
will. The third day of its session was made
memorable by the passage of an ordinance
which sundered the shackles that enslaved one
hundred and twenty thousand human beings.
This, the first practical step in the great eman-
cipation march, received the votes of every
member in the convention save the contestant
and some three others. The other duty with
which the convention was charged, the dis-
franchisement of rebels, was performed after
due deliberation, and referred back to the
people for their adoption or rejection in the
shape of an amended constitution, and ratified
in May following, after one of the most excit-
ing political contests through which we had
ever passed. That constitution is to-'day the
fundamental law of the State, and under it
and by virtue of the laws passed in pursuance
of it the election was held which gives rise to
this contest.
To the convention of which I have spoken
the people elected a large majority of Radicals.
Indeed, I believe there were but four excep-
tions—the contestant and three others—one of
whom, the contestant's colleague, elected by
the same votes, and a resident of the county
of Callaway, a county of which I shall have
more to say in the coursc of my argument, was
expelled for his disloyalty.
Is it at all strange or remarkable, Mr.
Speaker, that the provisions of a constitution
framed by a convention thus politically consti-
tuted, and backed by a radically-loyal constit-
uency, many of whom were even then march-
ing with Sherman to the sea, should be radical
in their character? Would it not have been
surprising had they been otherwise? The del-
egates were specially charged to frame such
an instrument as should perpetuate the power
they had sacrificed so much to attain in loyal
hands. Who can, for one moment, suppose that
such a people would willingly permit those
whom they had vanquished in the fight to
return and become the victors at the polls?
The third section of the second article in the
constitution says who shall not vote nor hold
office in the State. The section is long, for
wc have rebels there in very great variety. I
will not detain the House by reading it, for
I can explain it in less time. First, all those
who have been in arms against the Govern-
ment or given aid and comfort to the enemy,
and all those who sympathized with such ene-
mies, being what we call the " stay-at-home "
or "do-nothing" rebels, are disfranchised.
This includes the great bulk of those to whom
suffrage is denied. Still there are others. In
the dark days of 1862, when rebel marauders
swarmed in every portion of the State, the
authorities called upon every able-bodied man
to buckle on armor and rally in defense of
their homes and firesides. There was a large
force of these stay-at-home rebels who were
the spies and informers for tie "knights of the
bush," and really the most dangerous of our
enemies.
It would never do to organize and arm such
men. In every case where the experiment
was tried the enemy was reenforced. There-
fore the enrolling officers were directed to
require the party enrolled to deelare himself
as either loyal or disloyal, for the Union or
against it. If found loyal he was armed and
sent to the field. If disloyal a small commu-
tation in money was assessed, but which in nine
cases out of every ten was never paid. This
third section disfranchises all those who thus
voluntarily declared for the enemy. There
was another class whom I will mention. They
were not peculiar to Missouri. Every State
had more or less of them ; but they were not
equally dangerous everywhere. I refer to the
skedaddler3 from enrollment and draft. Mis-
souri says to such:
*' You who from fight have run away
Snant come and fight another way."
Therefore the ballot-box is closed against
them.
These are the persons, Mr. Speaker, who are
not permitted to take part in the affairs of gov-
ernment in the State of Missouri. As all know,
a terrible storm was raised and still continues
to rage with unabated fury. Rebels, their
sympathizers and others who have made them-
selves the champions of their cause and expect
to profit by their votes some day, have assailed
this constitution with a demon-like vindictive-
ness, and employed every artifice the ingenuity
of man can invent to evade and set at naught
its provisions.
It is not my present purpose, nor is it neces-
sary, that I should enter upon its defense in
arguing this case. The character of its pro-
visions relating to suffrage was passed upon by
this House in another contested case from
Missouri—the case of Birch vs. Van Horn—
and unanimously sustained. It is not drawn in
question by any issue presented in this case. I
will only remind gentlemen of the fact that it
was framed amid the din of battle and the clash
of arms in a civil strife such as the world had
never before witnessed. It was thought indis-
pensable to the security of those "who had
borne the burden in the heat of the day."
Indeed, we were then engaged in a hand-to-hand
conflict with an enemy whose barbarities find
no parallel in the history of civilized warfare.
Who would not under such circumstances em-
ploy such weapons as were at his command in
his defense? To such, if any there be, who
are of opinion that a spirit of persecution and
vindictiveness is manifest in our dealings with
traitors, let me address a single word. Your
laws are regarded as humane, certainly as much
so as those of other civilized nations. Had we
spoken as your statute speaks we would have
said, "You who have been guilty of treason
shall be hung by the neck until you are dead,
dead, dead." Had we spoken as your statute
speaks we would have said, "You who have
aided and abetted those engaged in rebellion
shall be imprisoned and your property confis-
cated." These are the penalties your laws
prescribe for the offenses of which these meu
were guilty. Instead of which we say, virtually,
"We will restore to you the life, liberty, aud
propertyyou have forfeited,and that an offended
law demands; but you must not be permitted
to occupy positions that will enable you to re-
enact the scenes throughwhich wehave passed."
If we are again to take the viper to our bosoms
we must be permitted to extract his fangs.
And yet for merely providing in this gentle
manner for our future safety we are denounced
as barbarous and vindictive.
Having thus declared who ihall not vote nor
hold office, it was necessary that provision be
made for enforcing it and making it effective.
How are we to identify them in the future?
How are the sheep to be separated from the
goats? The mark which Cain wore they were
enabled to conceal. Upon their honor 110
reliance whatever could be placed. "While.an
oath m some cases might have a restraining
influence, as a safeguard it -was entirely value-
less. Who could suppose that he who had so
often violated it before, and gloried in so doing,
could be expected to acknowledge its binding
force now. Often and often copies of the oath
of loyalty, taken to procure their enlargement
from prison, had been found in the pockets of
the dead, the wounded, and the captive on the
field of battle. And what wonder when tbe
presses and politicians of the Opposition were
daily proclaiming to them the unconstitu-
tionality of requiring it, aud that true patriot-
ism demanded its violation.
Knowing these facts, as the members of the
convention well knew them, they provided in the
constitution that the Legislature should enact
a law for the registry of the qualified voters
of the State. Although the oath of loyalty
must be taken in all cases before registry, that
is not conclusive. If the person is really dis-
qualified, and that fact is known to the regis-
tering officer, or proven to him by the testi.
mony of others, the applicant must be rejected-
Acting upon these requirements of the Con-
stitution, the Legislature at its session in 186U
passed the law which governed in the case we
are now considering. It provides for a super-
visor of registration for each county, who shall
appoint a registering officer for each of its pre-
cincts. These registering officers hold sessions
in their respective precincts for the purpose of
passing upon the qualifications of persons
offering to register, and upon the completion
of their lists, all meet at the court-house and
form a court of appeals and revision presided
over by the supervisor of registration. Any
person rejected may appeal to the board, and
any person may challenge the qualifications of
any other person whose name appears on the
list. The revision being completed, a copy of
the approved list is furnished the judges of
election of the proper precinct, who are to
receive the ballot of no person whose name
does not appear on the list as a qualified
voter.
Upon the passage of the registry law,_ in
which nothing unusual appears, and to which
it would seem none could possibly take excep-
tion, the entire rebel horde affected great indig-
nation, and raised a howl that might possibly
have disturbed the nerves of men less familiar
with the vaporings of disarmed traitors and
their allies. Always fertile in invention when
obstacles interposed between them and an
office, they set about devisingschemes whereby
they might evade the law. In several of the
counties the old slave aristocracy still reigns
supreme. In such, the Union element is barely
sufficient to save them from being Sodomized.
It was arranged that in these counties, such a
system of intimidation, by threatenings of per-
sonal violence, lawsuits, aud proscriptions of
one kind and another, should be inaugurated
as should effectually prevent the carrying out
of the law, and the registering officers be forced
to place on the list the name of every man who
would take the oath. Another plan was to per-
mit no registry whatever to be made, and should
it be attempted to seize and destroy the books
and compel the officers to desist or resign, ino
tarring and feathering process, a manly,®Por
and much in vogue in the good old days of tneii
pride and power, aud for which they cherished
: a lively recollection, was -openly talked of.
! That institution had fallen somewhat into dis-
