1054
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
like statement in regard to all sneh removals and
appointments made by the President and without
the recommendation of either the Secretary or the
Commissioner.
Mr. RANDALL. I object;5"
leave 01' absence.
The SPEAKER asked and obtained leave
of absence for Mr. Taber for one week.
And then, on motion of Mr. WASHBURNE,
of Illinois, (at four o'clock and thirty-five min-
utes p. m.,) the House adjourned.
By Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana: A me-
morial of 35 late Army officers, protesting
against any action by Congressto prevent the
payment of servants' pay to officers who m®y
be entitled thereto under the law, as way be
decided by the Supreme Court of the United
States to be due under the laws heretofore
passed on that subject.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of J. B.
"Watts, attorney-at-law, of Staunton, Virginia,
for an amendment to the bankrupt law.
By Mr. BOUTWELL: Memorials of F. F.
Battles and others; B. F. Salmon and others ;
William A. Burke and others, manufacturers,
in reference to taxation and public expendi-
tures.
By Mr. CHANLER: The petition of Philan-
der Crane, George P. Crane, Luke Fitzsimmons
and others, for the repeal of the tax upon
annual profits or income.
By Mr. COVODE: The petition of Benja-
min F. Brubaker and JohnF. Taylor, mem->
bers of the one hundred and eighty-fourth*
Pennsylvania volunteers, for bounty for them-
selves and others.
By Mr. DRIGGS : The petition of the Hon.
Georgo C. Jones, of Ontonagon, Lake Supe-
rior, in the State of Michigan, and 200 others,
citizens of the same place, praying Congress
to save the copper interest^ of the country
from ruin by the immediate imposition of an
increased duty on foreign copper.
By Mr. FERRY : The petition of L. R.
Morgan, Myron E. Thurston^ and 15 others,
citizens of Benzie county, Michigan, praying
for the passage of a law establishing a post
route from Manistee via Portage Lake, Hunt- (
ington Dock, Herring Lake. Franktort, Empire
Dock, Sleeping Bear, to Glen Arbor, in the
counties of Manistee, Be.izie, and Leelenaw,
Michigan.
Also, the petition of Stephen G. Owen and
27 others, honorably discharged soldiers, tor
the passage of the equalization bounty law.
Also, the petition of William Roberts and
30 others, honorably discharged soldiers, for
same object. ,
AUo, the petition of Jesse Smith, company
C, twenty-sixth Michigan infantry, and 30
others, honorably discharged soldiers, for same.
By Mr. GARFIELD: The petition of bo
citizens of Warren j Trumbull county, Ohio,
praying for legislation to reform civil service
of the United States, and reduce the taxation
on industry. , m.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: Ihe
petition and propositions of the American Sta-
tistical Association in respect to the metrical
system of coins, weights, and measures.
By Mr. KNOTT: The petition of John W.
Harden, of Casey county, Kentucky, late pri-
vate in company I, first Kentucky volunteer
cavalry, praying for bounty and pension.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Elizabeth Peach, oi
Casey county, Kentucky, praying for pension.
By Mr. PERHAM: The petition of Lewis
C. White and 30 others, pensioners, from whom
pensions were withheld in consequence ot being
engaged in the civil service of Government
under the act of March 3, 1865, asking that
the amount so withheld be paid to them.
Bv Mr. STOKES: The evidence and other
papers in the matter of the claim of John M.
*bTMr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky : TheP®£"
tion of Emily Boone, mother of Johni
Boone, deceased, of twentieth Kentucky
fan try, praying for back pension.
By Mr. TWICIIELL: The petition of citi-
zens of Barreaml Brookfield, Worcester county,
Massachusetts, for establishment of mail route
between B;irro and West Brookfiold.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 8, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntok.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
rights of american citizen's abroad.
Mr. HULBURD. I present the proceed-
ings of a public meeting of citizens of Brush's
Mills, New York, in regard to the rights of
American citizens in foreign countries.
The SPEAKER. The session of to-day is
ordered for debate only on the President's
annual message.
Mr. HULBURD. I understood that a paper
of this kind could be presented in the House.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be received in
open House. The gentleman can, however,
file it under the rule, and it will be recorded
by the stenographers. -
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. W.J.
McDonald, its Chief Clerk, announced that
the Senate had passed a bill of the House (H.
R. No. 96) to authorize the Southern Minne-
sota Railroad Company to construct and main-
tain a bridge across the Mississippi river and
establish a post route.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a bill (S. No. 269) in addi-
tion to an act entitled "An act regulating the
tenure of certain civil offices," in which he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
pkksidhnt's message.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I move that
the rules be suspended and the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union for the purpose of consider-
ing the President's annua! message.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Dawes in the chair.) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the President's
annual message, Mr. Hawkixs being entitled
to the floor for ten minutes.
claims oe loyal citizens.
Mr. HAWKINS. In continuation of my j
remarks in reference to the rights of the loyal j
people of Tennessee, I desire to have read at i
the Clerk's desk a memorial signed by Gov-
ernor Brownlow and three hundred others.
The Clerk read as follows:
To the Senate and Bouse of Representatives
of the United States %n Congress assembled .•
This memorial of tho undersigned soldiers and cit-
izens in behalf of the Loyal people of East Tennessee
respect-fully showeth, that in the late war whichthe
(Government waged against treason and rebellion,
in defense of the Union and for the protection of
her Constitution and supremacy of her laws, .hast
Tennessee, though overrun and surrounded by tho
arras of the enemy, and under the most adverse cir-
cumstances, which shook tho whole nation and car-
ried doubt and anxiety to the quiet and safe homes
of the North, stood fast and firm to her faith and
principles, "solitary and alone" in her mountain-
girt position, and was never known to falter in her
duty. Though hundreds of miles, with the rock-
ribbedroountainsofthe Cumberland intervening, had
to be crossed and traveled to reach the Union Army,
her brave and. gallant sons and aged fathers, with a
courage and. determination equal to that of the Spar-
tan warriors who fought and fell- at tho Pa^s of Ther-
mopylae, left their homes and families to the mercies
of a ruthless and cruel enemy, and by night tear-
lessly stole through the camps and tires of the senti-
nel foe to do battle for liberty, their country, and their
country's honor. That all who were able or could by
any means leavohome were thus found fighting lor
the flag of the Union, and those otherwise cireum-
February 8,
a part of history. That ample.proof is fot
in show tue conspicuous andimportant p;urlH.nie
by Sreanessee in the war, her fidelity and deter-
mination, b<* saoriliees and sufferings, her deeds of
valor and endurance will adorn the pages ot history
and render her name mimoital.
* That when the l<VleruA army, under the gallant
andeood Burnside, came, walking forced marches,
£Sd Subsisting mostly off the country, taking no time
hnt little pains to ascertain who were loyal and
who not-fo? there were matters of far greater im-
novtance for his consideration and action the same
true also of the unprecedented campaign of
the braTe sCLan to the rescue of Knoxnile and
Burnsido's army, only the more aggravated circum-
anVpressing necessities attending the march
t^B country to sutler proportionately greater
fo^efand damSges; that during tho siege the army
tion or a Retreat would have' been inevitable; that
ileoesaarxiy laid waste the country, and ^fath-
ered quartermaster andcommissary stores from every
district in large and small quantities, from the P°&£
as well Strom the rich, from theiaimiy or widow of
tho Union soldier, as well as from the rebel 1and
his family. Nor is evidence wanting to establish
these iacts for they are too well known and the
circumstances too well understood to admit of a
doubt or for a question to be provoked.
That a great portion of these WPUes was given TO
cheertully and tho damages submitted to
loyal with the full faith that the United States Gov-
ernment would protect the rights ot her citizens and
see them, remunerated; that frequently much was
taken -by force, without the consent oi ttie owner, be
he Union or rebel—for a greater part of which all
alike received neither pay, receipt, nor voucher
ottcn for good, sometimes tor sinister reasons.
This can be best explained by 0a?.0*
illustrations: a Union woman whose husband is away
in the Union Amy lives m the country ; she has one
cow. which is tho main support ot her children; sol-
diers como along collecting cattle turn the cow out
and drive her away, telling the poor woman to call at
headquarters, perhaps five miles distant or more, and.
she leceives a voucher. How can the wile or widow
leave her children in such dangerous times to walk,
perhaps, many miles? Sometimes they have braved
every danger, and plodded over the weary imles to
find at their journey's end that the command -had leifc
and their efforts had been in vain. Again, a Union
man owns agood tarm, well ienced and timbered; one
w eek a 1 egiinent or brigade encamps on his helds ana
uses a line or two of fence; next week another com-
mand comes along, encamps for a week or a tortnignt,
destroys more tence and some timber, until, by piece-
meal, all his fences and timber have by diiierenfc
commands been used up and destroyed, no receipts
being given, and no officer considering himselt re-
sponsible. These are familiar examples and of every
day occurrence at that time, and it was undoubtedly
the case that the farmer, whether absent m the Army
or elsewhere, or at homo, received no pay, receipt, or
voucher for his timber, ienees, cows, nor&es, nogs,
poultry, sheep, &«. It is not in tended to speak at all
invidiously of tho brave soldieis who iought $nd
suffered for the deliverance ot our nornes, but to rep-
resent tho eircunibtanees just as they are and were*
and as every soldier who marched and iought m ii/ast
Tennessee knows to be true, and knows, too, that
necessity justified the extreme measures often thus
restorted to for the comfort and success of the Army.
That while the memorialists claim for East len-
nessee a high prerogative of merit tor her loyalty,
perseveiance, and endurance, they ask tor no supe-
rior privilegesor favors as a recompense for the per-
lormingof that winch it was her dui/todo, but very
res>pecUully piays that lojalty in Hast Tennessee he
respected, encouraged, and sustained; that since the
act of July 4, 186-i, with the rulings of the Depart-
ments, requiring tho affidavits ot officers and other
evidence, which it is at times impossible to obtain,
to substantiate claims, has not readied and cannot
reach the case so as to remunerate East Tennessee,
owing to the peculiarity of circumstances, notcom-
mon to other States; that theie bo an amendment to
said act, so that the loyal men and loyal women of
East Tennessee can be-reimbursed, in part at ieast,
for that which the Government leeeived and used,
and by which it was benefited, without even the ex-
pense of transportation. That womeir; children, and
old men, in consequence thereol, had to pioeure pro-
visions afterward atiabulous prices anU carry them
on their shoulders for miles home; and now, after
four years, is it just that they should be finally re-
jected and denied the nominal prices the tfovera-
inent at that, time was paying? W as not every offi-
cer and soldier an agent of the Government, and is
not the Government responsible lor tne ucts of her
I soldiers and other agents at sea and in foreign coun-
tries? Has she not been responsible and recognized
herself so m Pennsylvania and other States? Are
not our rulers magnanimous enough to deal impar-
tially with her own citizens, and as justly with them
as with distant nations?
That since the Government has long since reim-
bursed rebels and their sympathizers, as well as loyal
people in some of the northern States for produce
furnished to, and damages doneby, not only tbeFed-
eral but the rebel army, is it not offering a high pre-
mium for treason not to pay the claims of loyal East
Tennesseeans for that which was taken by and fur-
nished to tho Union army? Nothing is asked for the
losses and damages caused by the confederates, but
stanced aided in whatever way a chance wa* offered; in the name of justice, right, and humanity, the Go v-
and no loyal man or woman lailed to do service for eminent owes and ought to pay these claims of loyal
tho cause. Such is no les3 a matter of fact than it is 1 • people, originated for her own benefit, use, and sue-
