1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in their discretion to file just such replication
as they should see fit. I read from his remarks :
"The managers, anticipating the answer which has
been presented by him, are prepared, as soon as the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwell] may
come in, to present, for the consideration of the
House a general replication to the answer which
the President has filed to the articles of impeachment
exhibited against him. I have made some inquiries
since I left the Senate Chamber, but have not been
able to ascertain with certainty where the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Boctwell] now is."
Now, sir, there can be no other construction
put upon that language than that before the
managers'had ever heard a word of the answer
of the President they had prepared in form a
replication to that answer. They do not con-
sider the facts of the ease. They do not look
at the President's declarations and answer them
either specifically or generally ; but they pre-
pare and present to this House an answer in
form before they are informed what the answer
of the President is to be.
Now, sir, I said last evening that I did not
desire the managers of this impeachment pro-
ceeding—much as I respect them as individ-
uals, much as I have confidence in them as
gentlemen—to answer in ray name upon their
own discretion. Every one of these managers
was known to have convicted the President,
■without regard to evidence, without regard to
the answer, without regard to the defense, when
they were appointed. The gentleman from Ohio
tells us that—
" It is, in short, a traverse to all the material alle-
gations in the answer; a denial of matters and things
set up."
Is the impeachment of the Presidentso much
a matter of form that whatever he may answer,
whether he answer truly or falsely, the man-
agers are to deny his answer? Has the sub-
ject of impeachment becomc so much a matter
of form that whatever may be said by the Pres-
ident in response, whether it be a confession
or a denial of the charges, it is to be denied by
the managers before the answer comes in? Is
this the form and is this the proceeding by
which you are to remove the Chief Magistrate
of this great nation? Suppose the President
had come in and confessed many of the facts
charged, (and I understand that he does admit
many of the facts that are charged in the arti-
cles against him,) do the managers consider it
proper and that they are authorized to deny
those? Are they prepared, as the gentleman
from Ohio said they were prepared, in advance
with a general denial of all matters and things
set up by the President? If the managers are
prepared thus recklessly, thus without regard
to the truth or falsity of the allegations, to deny
whatever the President may say, I do not want
those gentlemen to file an answer for me; I
do not wish them to be authorized to act in
my name, even at the hazard of being styled
by the gentleman from Massachusetts a rant-
ing old woman.
Now, sir, the President has spread out in
eztenso facts covering the entire charges con-
tained in the articles. So far as he has under-
taken to state facts and not conclusions, so far
as he has undertaken to give a version of what
has transpired of the facts and circumstances
upon which the articles are founded, I believe
he has stated God's truth, and I believe that
the*majority of this House to-day believe that
what he has stated is true. Why, then, should
not the House, with frankness and sincerity,
come forward and meet and admit upon the
record whatever the President has stated which
is true? We are acting upon our oaths of
office, upon our honor as Representatives, and
are not expected by the people we represent
to deny or withhold the truth. We are not
hired attorneys, but our interest and that of
our constituents and the highest interest of our
country demand that we should develop the
truth and act upon it. Why should we here,
a House of Representatives, impeaching the
President of the United States, deny all that
he may state, whether it be true or whether it
be false ? Why should we not come up and
meet the case, admit such facts as are true,
consider the answer clause by clause and fact
by fact; wherever we can find that the Presi-
dent has stated the truth admit in our replica-
tion that he has done so ? Why send forth to
the country a false replication denying those
things which we knowto be truths? Whyshould
we tell t.he country that all the Presi'dent has
said is a lie, when we know that the major part
of the answer is true?
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Will
the gentleman allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. A question? Yes.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Will
the gentleman state, as a lawyer, who has, I
know, looked into the precedents upon this
point, whether he can point out any case which
has been tried except upon the general issue
of not guilty?
Mr. ELDRIDGB. It matters not 
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. And
whether any other issue can be made, and
whether in this case any other replication could
have been filed than that which has been pre-
sented to-day?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] tells us that the answer
of the President is an unprecedented answer.
He tells us that it has not ordinarily been the
ease that the respondent comes in and spe-
cially denies the charges made against him.
Now, if that be unprecedented—and it is cer-
tainly admitted here, the managers admit that
it is correct practice, that the President may
so state the fact, may so plead—then why is it
that we may not, in our replication boldly and
fairly and honestly and truthfully meet the
President upon the statement, and admit such
facts as he states to be true, and which we
know to be true, which we cannot deny ? Cer-
tainly there can be nothing in the answer that
can require us to answer a falsehood. Why
not, then, narrow down the trial by answering
the truth? Why not thus lessen the necessity
for taking up the time of the House and causing
expense to the country ? Would not the course
for which I contend narrow the issue, and save
calling a multitude of witnesses? Whenever
the President states a fact which the witnesses
will prove, which we know they will prove,
what is the necessity for putting in a denial
and putting the President and the country to
the expense and trouble of calling witnesses to
prove that fact? Why not the managers con-
sider the answer of the President fact by fact,
statement by statement, paragraph by para-
graph, and dieny only such things in the answer
as they know they can prove to be false ?
' Mr. HIGBY. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
The SPEAKER. The ten minutes allowed
to the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Ei.d-
kidge] by the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Boutwell] have expired, arid the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts is now entitled to
the floor.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will yield to the gen-
tleman from California [Mr. Higby] for a
question, if the gentleman from Massachusetts
will allow me time to reply to it.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Very well.
Mr. HIGBY. I desire to ask the gentleman
if he is in a great hurry to have the President
tried ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from
California [Mr. Higby] is continuing the same
levity and insincerity which has been practiced
all the way through.
Mr. HIGBY. Not at all.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will say to the gentle-
man that I am anxious to save expense to the
country. I care not, so far as I am individu-
ally or personally concerned, whether the trial
be hurried up or delayed. But I would have
just as few facts as possible to be controverted
by testimony. I would act with truth and in
good faith. To admit truth is good faith, and
that would be good practice, too : and that I
am in favor of.
Mr. HIGBY. I am glad the gentleman has
made that declaration.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, of the managers,
[Mr. Wit/mams.]
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Eldridge] seems to be of the opinion that this
'case is to be tried upon the technical rules of
pleading which are applicable in the trial of
causes in courts of common law. I beg leave
to remind him that it has been already openly
confessed by the President's counsel them-
selves, who, doubtless, well understand their
case, that a case of this sort is to be tried, not
by the rules which prevail in the common law
courts, but by the law of Parliament itself.
The gentleman will also remember the em-
phatic declaration of one of the leading counsel
of the President made before the Senate—I
think I do not misquote the declaration—that
they thanked the managers for the remark that
they intended to try this case without reference
to artistic rules, and upon such great princi-
ples as had been heretofore laid down and re-
cognized as a part of the law of Parliament.
The counsel, I say, thanked one of the mana-
gers for the expression of that opinion, and
joined in the declaration that it was no case
wherein a demurrer would be proper.
And now, sir, I desire to say a word in re-
gard to the pleadings. They are something
peculiar. The counsel for the defendant are
doubtless learned, and as we all know, very
ingenious men, who have come here, fresh
from their practice in the courts, for the pur-
pose of trying this case. They have put in a
series of answers having very much the char-
acter of an answer in chancery. There is no
plea; there is no demurrer. In this particular
the answer filed by them has, I think, no pre-
cedent. Now, what are the managers under
these circumstances to do? It stands con-
fessed, as I have remarked already, by the de-
fendant's counsel themselves, that a demurrer
in a case of this sort would not be proper.
The gentleman from Wisconsin admits, if 1
understand him correctly, that there is no such
precedent. We come, then, before this House
upon the hypothesis that there is but one issue
to be tried; and that is the general issue of
guilty or not guilty.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman allow
me a further suggestion? I made no point
with reference to the insufficiency of the
answer, or the insufficiency of the replication.
My position is this : That the President hav-
ing gone on and stated the facts, covering
specifically the ground of the charges against
him, we ought to meet him fairly and confess
or admit such facts as we oannotcontrovert by
proof, thereby narrowing the issue, saving ex-
pense to the country, and avoiding the neces-
sity of calling a large number of witnesses to
testify with regard to facts which we cannot
deny.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. The
gentleman, then, expects us "to follow the
President in the answer which he has made, and
to put in a special replication precisely as we
would do in a case in the common law courts.
Mr. CHANLER. I riseto a point of order;
that the answer made by the President is not
properly before the House.
The SPEAKER. This question, with re-
gard to the replication, necessarily involves a
consideration of the answer ; and the latter is
therefore before the House.
Mr. CHANLER. The answer has not been
presented to the House or read in our pres-
ence. The House has not received that an-
swer in any official form.
The SPEAKER. Whefi the answer was read
in the Senate, the House, in accordance with
its own resolution, was in attendance there for
the specific purpose of hearing the proceed-
ings. It is, therefore, to be presumed that every
member of the House was present and heard
the answer read. .
Mr. CHANLER. I beg to correct the Chair.
The House was at the bar of the Seriate as a
Committee of the Whole, and the Speaker was
