1868.
THE OOiSTG-llBSSIONAL GLOBE.
1055
cess, many of which have been already filed in the
respective offices at Washington, well supported for
loyalty and veracity, with the additional sacrifice of
clerks' fees and revenue stamps, and, for reasons
above stated, stand suspended or rejeetcd.
The immediate attention of Congress is therefore
most respeetfullv and prayerfully solicited to the
favorable consideration of these claims by your
memorialists.
W. G. BBOWNLOW,
Governor of Tennessee.
A. E. BtTRNSIDE,
Late Major General, &c.
WILLIAM RULE,
Late Adjutant sixth Tennessee volunteers.
L. S. TROWBRIDGE,
Late Major General by Brevet, U, S. volunteers.
A. J. RICKS,
Late Captain United States volunteers.
JOHN L., MURPHY,
Late Major sixtieth U. S. colored infantry.
V.F. GOSSETT,
Late Lieutenant United States volunteers.
ALEXANDER B. TADLOCK,
Late Acting Assistant Surgeon, U. S. A.
JACOB K. LONES,
Late Captain company 0, first Tennessee cavalry.
M. D. BEARDEN,
Late Captain, United States Army.
L. B. GAMBLE,.
Late Lieut. Col. 3d Tennessee vol. infantry, U. S. vols.
W. R. COOK,
Late Lieut. Col. 2d Tennessee cavalry, U.S. vols.
L. P. McCRILLIS,
Formerly Col.Zd Tenn.cav.,co(iman'o brigade in Tenn.
WILLIAM A. HARPER,
Late Lieutenant Co. II, 121th Indiana volunteers.
WILLIAM R. McBACK,
Late Major second Tennessee cavalry,
THOMAS L. SCOTT.
Late First Lieut, first Louisiana volunteer infantry.
And over three hundred others.
Mr. HAWKINS. I now ask to have read
the letter from Governor Burnsido, which I
send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows :
State or Rhode Island,
Executive Department,
Providence, December 21,1807.
My Dear Sib: Your favor of the 9th instant would
have been answered before but for my absence from
home. I take great pleasure in authorizing you to
put my name on your memorial to Congress asking
payment of claims of the "loyal citizens and soldiers
of East Tennesseo" for damages done by the Union
Army during the late war. During my service in that
section I know that large amounts of property were
taken for the use of the Army at times when it was
impossible to give vouchers or receipts for the same.
The officers who took these amounts of property
would not to-day be able to certify as to who owned
them; neither could they ccrtiiy as to the exact
amounts. I know that much of this property was taken
from loyalcitizens.inmany instances from families of
Union soldiers. Seizures made while the Army was
on hasty marches gave the owners no ehancein many
cases to find to what command the officers belonged
who made the seizures. If any people in this coun-
try deserve payment for this ela^s ot claims the loyal
people of Ea«t Tennessee do. No section has made
greater sacriiice for, or shown more courage in, the
defense of the Union cause. I sincerely hope some
plan may be adopted by Congress to pay these claims.
You are at liberty to attach this letter to your me-
"Truly yours, A. E. BUItNSIDE.
A. B. TADLOCK, Esq., Chairman of Committee, &c.
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee has expired.
NATIONAL FINANCES.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Chairman, no Congress
since the foundation of this Government was
ever charged with higher or more responsible
duties to its constituency than this. Our coun-
try having just emerged from the most terrible
and exhaustive war that the history of the world
has ever recorded, we find our people heavily
burdened with taxes and debt—and under party
alarm somewhat restive under the great weight
—our crops short, and our finances embarrassed
and disturbed. The causes of all this, and who
are responsible for the same, I can but inci-
dentally notice, as it connects itself with the
subject of our public debt, and will leave a
fuller answer of it for some future occasion,
feelinf that inv constituents and the countiy
generally under our financial embarrassments
have for the present a more direct interest in
the question as to how they shall be relieved
from their heavy burden oi debt and taxation,
and how the trances of the country shall be
restored and placed upon a permanent basis,
so that the great interests of the country may
again be prosperous, than a discussion ot that
important question, and one never to be for-
gotten, as to who is responsible for the war
through which we have just passed and the
other wrongs and outrages which have been
perpetrated upon the country, and which not
only fastened upon the people this great debt
and the heavy taxes necessary for its payment,
but which drenched our land with blood, rob-
bed us of the flower of our youth, brought to
so many hearthstones wretchedness and pov-
erty, and with its miseries and suffering made
our whole land a house of mourning.
Dismissing, then, for the present, this ques-
tion of responsibility for the wrongs which I
have named, and looking only to providing
relief for the people and restoring the finances
of the country, which in their present disor-
dered condition are crushing the energies of
our people, driving many into bankruptcy,
and reducing thousands of others to poverty
and want, we have a duty before us that de-
mands of each and every member of this Con-
gress his whole time, energy, and talent, that
the best possible means may be devised for
the accomplishment of this most desirable
object; for I assure you, Mr. Chairman, that
more depends upon the action of this Congress,
and that speedily, too, for the saving of the
great business interests of this country, and
preventing the same from utter prostration and
ruin, thereby driving the mechanic and laborer
from the workshop and the field and reducing
their families to beggary and want, than many
are aware of or are even willing to admit.
Let us, then, for a moment inquire as to the
cause of our financial troubles, and seek, it
possible, to remove them, and, as far as in our
power, provide the means to prevent their
future return upon us. The great, prime, mov-
ing cause was the seceding of the rebel States
and the war that was thereby forced upon the
country for the preservation of the Union.
Thenext moving cause was the division between
Congress and the President upon the subject
of reconstruction and the consequent troubles
that were forced upon the country by reason
thereof. The Democratic party in the mean
time, in consequence of its opposition to the
war, had become odious to the masses of
the people and lost its prestige in all_ the
northern States but one. Seeing this division
between Congress and the President, it at once
sought to regain its broken fortunes by join-
ing the President in his war upon Congress,
hoping that lie would take enough Republicans
with him that when united with its strength
they would be able to defeat the great Union
party of this country, and thereby.again rein-
state itself into power. It opposed the recon-
struction measures of Congress known as the j
fourteenth article to the Constitution, and :
induced the southern States to reject them and j
remain out of the Union. It also attacked the
Government securities and undertook to depre-
ciate them. In this contest it was overwhelm-
ingly defeated ; but notwithstanding its defeat
this open attempt at bad faith alarmed our cred-
itors and created distrust in financial circles. :
In 1867, under the financial depression upon j
the country caused by Secretary McCulloch's j
contraction policy and the failure ot crops,
this party again, under the plea of relieving
the people from their heavy burdens, attacked
the Government securities in a much more
serious and formidable way than they had
previously done, by advocating the issue of
greenbacks in sufficient quantity to pay off
the public debt. Upon this issue of virtual
repudiation they were successful in many parts
of the country, and celebrated their triumph
by the burning of more gunpowder and ex-
pressions of joy than they did over all the
great victories won by the U nion Army in crush-
ing the rebellion. After this election business
men at once saw that if Democracy should suc-
t ceed in our next elections, and should carry
| out this avowed policy of thus paying off our
| national debt, it would not only bring umver-
' sal bankruptcy and ruin upon the country, but
would end in repudiation oi the whole public
debt, and they at once lost confidence in the
stability of our finances and commenced with-
drawing their means from business as fast as
possible, expecting a financial crash to come
upon the country and wished to be prepared
therefor, by reason of which the money has been
drawn to the great commercial centers, such
as New York, Boston, and other large cities,
I capitalists being afraid to invest their money
in any kind of business that would benefit the
laboring man, hence thousands of such have
been thrown out of employment all over the
country and are now in very reduced circum-
stances. Crops having failed, there was but
little produce in the country to exchange for
money, even if the dealers had been willing to
purchase the same. Thus have I given the
true cause of all our financial troubles: first,
partial failure of crops; second, contraction
policy of the Secretary ; and third, the action
of the Democratic party in delaying the recon-
struction of the seceded States and attacking
the Government securities, thereby destroying
confidence among the capitalists and business
men throughout the whole country.
Having thus shown the true cause of all our
financial troubles, let us next inquire as to the
amount and nature of our debt, when and how
it should be paid, from what sources our rev-
enues should be derived, and the best mode
of permanently settling our financial troubles
and restoring confidence and repose to the
business interests of the country.
Prom the official statement of the Secretary
of the Treasury, I find our debt 011 the 1st day
of January, 1868, to be as follows:
fu^pic 1>ebt of the united states.
Debt bearing coin interest, January 1,1868.
5 per cent, bonds 3204,929,800 00
6 per cent, bonds of 1S67 and 1868  14,690,941 80
6 per cent bonds, 1881  283,676,600 00
6 per cent, five-twenty bonds 1,373,804,750 00
Navy pension fund  13,000,000 00
1,890,102,091 80
Debt bearing currency interest.
6 per cent, bonds $20,713,000 00
Three-year compound-
interest notes  46,244,780 00
Three-year 7-30 notes... 235,268,450 00
3 per cent, certificates.. 23,265,000 00
Matured debt not presented for pay-
ment.
Tlirec-vcar 7-00 notes, duo August
15, 1867  $2,022,950 00
Comp. interest notes,
matured JunelO, July
15, and August 15,
1867   9,952,S10 00
Bonds, Texas indem-
nity  257,000 00
Treasury notcH, acts
July 17, 1861, and
prior thereto  162,811 64
Bonds, April 15,1842  54,061 64
Treasury notes, March
3,1863  716,192 00
Temporary loan  2,674,835 55
1 Certificates of lndebt-
I ednoss  31,000 00
I ^ ^  
| Debt bearing no interest.
| United States notes $350,159,127 00
; Fractional currency..... 31,597,583 85
i Gold certificates  20.104,580 00
328,491,230 00
15,871,640 83
407,861,290 85
Total debt  2,612.323,253 48
Ainount in Treasury.
Coin 8108,430,253 67
Currency  2o,h0,..19 (1 134 33
: t2.508.125.66010
1: The foregoing is a correct statement of the public
ij debt, as appears irom the books and Treasurers
' returns in the Department, on 1st of January. IS00.
HUGH Mcculloch,
11 Secretary of the Treasury.
j! From the above it will be seen that all of
ij our debt except the ten-forty bonds will be due
j and payable within sixteen years from this date;
l| within that time the interest which we will have
' paid at the present rate will exceed the whole
j: amount of the debt in gold ; hence the question
j: of interest is one of the highest importance to
'[ the people, and should, therefore, be placed at
ij the lowest possible amount, so as to be equally
|i just to ourselves and our creditors.
