105§
TIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
Intimately connected with this subject is
question that seems to demand more of the
public attention than almost all others, and that
is, when shall the Government resume specie
payments In establishing a financial system
I feel that it is our duty to luake provision so
that the Government may return to it at as
early a day as possible, butto fix no time when
it shall begin. We h^ve many advocates for the
Government returning to specie payments at
once, and they have given us their various plans
tor so domg, but none of them are at all satis-
factory to my mind. On the contrary, I am
thoroughly convinced that the Government can
xicver begin specie payments and continue
them, except by heavier taxation than the people
can well s|and, until two things are accom-
plished. First, the country must be prepared to
pay all Governmenttax in coin, and that cannot
be done until gold and silver become diffused
in all the channels of business and trade as it
was before the war; and second, until all our
bonded debt, except the ten-forties and those
issued in 1861, be so funded that the principal
of it shall only be payable at the pleasure of
the Government, andnotof the creditor, except
a very long time is fixed, say forty or fifty years;
yet bonds without any limit are better. When
that is done and we have nothing but the re-
demption of our greenbacks to look after we
can soon either fund or pay them off and return
to specie payments almost at our pleasure. But
to undertake to resume specie payments, with
our bonded debt as it is, maturing in such large
amounts from time to time, and with the amount
of greenbacks in circulation, both to be run
upon the Treasury by the bulls ancj^bears of
Wall street at their pleasure, without any gold
or silver in circulation throughout the country
in which the Government could collect its rev-
enues, and without a tax levied upon the peo-
ple not only sufficient to pay the interest upon
the public debt and the current expenses of the
Government—the only tax we propose to levy
for the present—but also to pay the principal
of the debt as fast as it matures—for you could
not then fund the same upon only such terms
and such interest as the holders should see lit
to exact—you would soon find the national
Treasury without coin and having to suspend
specie payments, which would at once create a
financial panic all over the land; the results
of which would be to crush the business in-
terests of the country and beggar the laboring
classes.
Some gentlemen ask how are you going to
get gold and silver diffused over the country
as it was before the war; and how will you
get your bonded debt funded unless the bond-
holders will consent to it? I admit, Mr. Chair-
man, that these are difficult questions to an-
swer ; but I will give the best solution of them
that i can. To diffuse coin we must lessen the
demand for it. In order to do that we must
make it plenty or provide a substitute for it.
In our present condition that can only be done
by the Government holding out inducements
to persons having bullion to deposit the same
in the United States Treasury, and the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to issue to the depositors
gold certificates i'or the amount, and of such
denominations as such Secretary may prescribe.
This bullion to be coined and the proceeds held
in the Treasury for the redemption of the iden-
tical certificates that were issued upon it. By
this means these gold certificates become equal
to coin, for they are'redeemable in gold on de-
mand. " This process costs the Government no
interest except what it pays by way of induce-
ment for parties to so deposit their bullion a,s
above stated. Some may say that these certi-
ficates will not remain in circulation for any
great length of time, for the reason that they
would be run upon the Treasury for the pur-
pose of drawing out the gold. Such I antici-
pate would not be the result, for the reason
that they would answer every possible purpose
in business transactions that gold could, and
in fact would be superior to gold for the reason
that they could be transmitted by letter or
more easily carried from point to point. An-
other asks, what will we do with our greenbacks
when we commence issuing these gold certifi-
cates? I answer: if the true interests of the
country require their withdrawal and we are
not, in a condition to redeem them, fund them
in same amounts and as fast as we issue these
gold certificates, by that means they will soon
all be retired and the demand for coin being
lessened, gold and silver will take their place
in all the business transactions of the country.
Another asks, what is to be done with our
bank paper? I answer: if the banks are con-
tinued they must be prepared to redeem their
paper in gold and silver whenever the Govern-
ment resumes specie payment. In short, noth-
ing must then circulate as a currency that
cannot be converted into coin at pleasure.
As to how our preseut bonded debt shall be
funded into the long bonds of which I have
spoken presents a very serious question, but
one, in my judgment, that must be met and
solved before we can ever successfully return
to specie payments or have a permanent finan-
cial system established throughout the country.
I am aware that many of my political friends
differ with me in the opinion thus expressed,
and think there is no necessity for the funding
of these bonds into longer ones for either one
of the reasons that I have mentioned; they
regard our present bonds as sufficiently funded
already, and insist that they will not fall due
before we are able to pay them. But this dif-
ference of opinion, when properly understood,
grows out of this fact: they contend that the
principal of the five-twenty bonds, which form
about five sixths of our whole bonded debt, is
payable in coin, whereas I insist that it is pay-
able in currency. They therefore contend that
we should resume specie payments at an early
day, and when the bonds become due it would
be an immaterial question as to how they were
to be paid, and that we could then pay them
in coin as well as in currency without any detri-
ment to the country, or fund them, as might
then be agreed upon. This upon paper looks
like a very easy way of settling the difficulty,
but I insist that it will not work unless we levy
taxes, as I have before remarked, not only
sufficient to pay the interest upon the public
debt and the current expenses of the Govern-
ment but also to pay the principal of the debt
as it falls due, or then consent to the funding
of the debt upon such terms as our creditors
should dictate, which would not be favorable
to the people, I assure you. I do not feel that
it is either expedient or just to our people,
under their present embarrassed condition, to
tax them for any other purpose than to raise
money enough to pay the interest on our debt
and the current expenses of the Government,
and leave the payment of the principal of the
debt until our country shall become fully re-
stored and again prosperous, when all parts of
it shall then pay their proportion of it equally.
If these five-twenty bonds are payable in eur-
ency, as I insist they are, it would be exceed-
ingly unjust to tax the people to pay them in
coin. ^ Let us, then, for a moment examine the
question as to whether the principal of these
five-twenty bonds is payable in coin or currency.
The first law authorizing the issue of these
bonds was passed on the 25th day of February,
1862. This act does not provide that the prin-
cipal of these bonds shall be paid in coin,
neither do the bonds upon their face so state.
From whence, then, do gentlemen derive their
authority for saying that the Government is
bound to pay the principal of these bonds in
coin. They answer that they derive it from
two sources:
First. That the Government, on the face of
these bonds, agrees to pay in money, and
that means coin and not paper money. That
the Government, prior to the issuing of these
bonds, whenever it agreed to pay money,
always paid it in coin and not in paper, and,
therefore, a party purchasing these bonds could
have no other understanding than that when
it agreed to pay them in money they were
to he paid in'coin unless otherwise stipulated,
which was not done in this ease.
Second. That Jay <Jooke& Company were em-
ployed by the Government to dispose of these
bonds, and. that they, as its agents, published
to the world that the principal and interest?
of these bonds were payable in gold ; that in
consequence of these publications persons were
induced to purchase these bonds, and that they
received them with the full understanding and
assurance that they were so payable. That the
Government is bound by the acts of its agents,
and must, therefore, pay these bonds in coin,
and can neither exchange or pay them in any-
thing else, except by the consent of their holders.
I admit that prior to the 25th day of Febru-
ary, 1862, the date of the act authorizing the
issue of these bonds, that when the Govern-
ment agreed to pay money, it was to be paid
in coin, for the reason that prior to that time
gold and silver were the only lawful currency
that the United States had; but this act of
February 25, 1862, which authorized the issu-
ing of these five-twenty bonds, also provided
a new lawful currency; it consisted of United
States notes commonly known as legal tenders
or greenbacks. That part of the aet providing
for the issue of these notes or legal tenders is
as follows:
"And such notes herein authorized shall be re-
ceived in payment of all taxes, internal duties, excises,
debts, and demands of every kind, due to the United
States, except duties on imports, and for all elaim3
and demands against the United States of every kind
whatsoeverexeept forinterest upon bonds and notes,
wbich shall be paid in coin; and shall also be lawful
money and a legal tender in payment of all debts,
public and private, within the United States, except
duties on imports and interests as aforesaid."
These are the provisions of the first section
of said act. Now, let me ask gentlemen, after
reading the above provisions, how they can
insist for one moment that Congress did not
intend to establish a new kind of currency with
which to pay all of its debts, except as pro-
vided in the above act. At that time we were
engaged in war, and the people throughout
the country, as well as the Government, were
unable to get coin to meet their contracts,
hence the passage of the above act, wherein
the Government expressly provides that these
notes or greenbacks should be lawful money,
and be received in payment for all claims and
demands of every kind due to or from the
United States, except interest on bonds and
notes and duties on imports. If the Govern-
ment intended that the principal of these bonds
should not be payable in this legal currency thus
established, but should be paid in gold, why
did it not exempt the principal from such
payment the same as it did the interest? It
will not do to say it was^ because the Govern-
ment had always paid its promises in coin,
and therefore it was useless to exempt the
principal; the promise to pay interest was
just as binding a promise on the Government
as the promise to pay principal. Then if the
Government intended to pay its promises in
coin and not in this currency it was unneces-
sary to exempt the payment of the interest in
currency ; and because the exemption was
made in the case of the interest and not as to
the principal satisfies me that the Government
was unwilling to bind itself to pay the princi-
pal* *n coin} but left it discretionary to pay
either at its pleasure, as circumstances might
justify, when they become due. No other
rational solution can be given of the action of
Congress on this and subsequent bills of the
Sume ^arae^er? the Journals of Congress
show that the question of exempting the princi-
pal as well as the interest was directly brought
to its attention, and still it was not done. I
have no doubt but what many members of
Congress when these bills were passed thought
an(* hoped that when these five-twenty bonds
would become due that the Government would
*enbe paying its debts in coin, and that they
would be so paid; and perhaps many purchased
under the same belief; but on account of the
"f^ertainty of the times at the passage of these
bills Congress purposely avoided-the responsi-
bility of paying the principal ofjhese bonds in
com by not exempting it as they did the inter-
est from the provisions of said act, and only
