22
SUPPLEMENT TO
so, too, it may be slow in decay. Such has been
the process here. I will not pretend to say
what acts or omissions have broken up this
relation. They are hardly susceptible of state-
ment, and still less of formal proof. Never-
theless no one can read the correspondence of
the 5th of August without being convinced that
this relation was effectually gone on both sides,
and that, while the President was unwilling to
allow Mr. Stanton to remain in his administra-
tion, Mr. Stanton was equally unwilling to
allow the President to carry on his administra-
tion without his presence. In the great debate
which took place in the House of Representa-
tives in 178'J, on the first organization of the
principal Departments, Mr. Madison spoke as
follows:
"It is evidently the intention of the Constitution
that the First Magistrate should be responsible for
the executive department. So far, therelore, as we
do not make the officers who are to aid him in the
duties of that department responsible to him, he is
not responsible to the country. Again, is there no
danger that an officer, when he is appointed by the
concurrence of the Senate, and his friends in that
body, may choose ratbor to risk his establishment on
tiie favor of that branch than rest it upon the dis-
charge of his duties to tho satisfaction of the execu-
tive branch, which is constitutionally authorized to
inspeot and control his conduct? And if it should
happen that the officers connect themselves with tho
Senate, they may mutually support each other, and
for wantof efficacy.reduce tho power of the President
to a mere vapor, in which case his responsibility
would be annihilated, and the expectation of it is
unjust. The high executive officers joined in cabal
with theScnato would lay the foundation of discord,
and end in an assumption of the executive power,
only to bo removed by a revolution of the Govern-
ment."
Mr. Sedgwick, in the same debate, referring
to the proposition that a head of Department
should only be removed or suspended by the
concurrence of the Senate, uses this language
" But if proof be necessary, what is then the conse-
quence? Why, in nine cases out of ten, where the
ease is very clear to the mind of tho President that
the man ought to l?e removed, tho effect cannot be
produced* because it is absolutely impossible to pro
dace tho necessary evidence. Are tho Senate to pro
ceed without evidence? Some gentlemen contend
not. Then tho object will be lost. Shall a man,
under theso circumstances, besaddled upon the Pres-
ident, who has been appointed for no other purpose
but to aid the President in performing certain du-
ties ! .Shall he be continued, I ask again, againstthe
will of the President? If he is, where is the respon-
sibility? Are you to look for it in the President, who
has no control over the officer, no power to remove
him if he acts unfeelingly or unfaithfully? With-
out you make him responsible, you weaken and de-
stroy the strength and beauty of your system. What
is to be done in cases which can only be known from
a long acquaintance with the conduct of an officer?"
I had indulged the hope that upon the as-
sembling of Congress Mr. Stanton would have
ended this unpleasant complication according
to tbe^intimation given in his note of August
12. The duty which I have felt myself called
upon to perform was by no means agreeable;
bat I feel that I am not responsible for the
controversy, or for the consequences.
Unpleasant as this necessary change' in my
Cabinet has been to me, upon personal con
siderations, I have the consolation to be as-
sured that, so fat as the public interests are
involved, there is no cause for regret. Salu-
tary reforms have been introduced by the Sec-
retary ad interim, and great reductions of ex-
panses have been effected under his adminis
tration of its War Department, to the saving
of millions to the Treasury.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington', December 12, 1867.
Exhibit C.
Address to the President by Hon, Reverdy
Johnson, August 18, 1866.
Mr. President: We are before you as a
committee of the National Union Convention,
which met in Philadelphia, on Tuesday, the 14th
instant, charged with the duty of presenting
you with an authentic copy of its proceedings.
Before placing it in your hands, you will
permit us to congratulate you that in the
object for which the'convention was called, in
the enthusiasm with which in every State and'
.territory the call was responded to, in the un-
broken harmony of its deliberations, in the
Unanimity with which the principles it has de-
clared were adopted, and more especially in
the patriotic and constitutional character of the
principles themselves, we are confidentthatyou
and the country will find gratifying and cheering
evidence that there exists among the people a
public sentiment which renders an early and
complete restoration of the Union as estab-
lished by the Constitution certain and inevit-
able. Party faction, seeking the continuance
of its misrule, may momentarily delay it, but
tho principles of political liberty, for which
our fathers successfully contended, and to
secure which they adopted the Constitution,
are so glaringly inconsistent with the condition
in which the country has been placed by such
misrule, that it will not be permitted a much
longer duration.
We wish, Mr. President, you could have
witnessed the spirit of concord and brotherly
affection which animated every member of the
convention. Great as your confidence has
ever begfl in the intelligence and patriotism of
your fellow-citizens, in their deep devotion to
the Union, and their present determination to
reinstate and maintain it, that confidence would
have become a positive conviction could you
have seen and heard all that was done and said
upon the occasion. Every heart was evidently
full of joy, every eye beamed with patriotic
animation ; despondency gave place to the as-
surance that, our late dreadful civil strifeended,
the blissful reign of peace, under the protection
not of arms, but of the Constitution and laws,
would have sway, and be in every part of our
land cheerfully acknowledged and in perfect
good faith obeyed. You would not have doubted
that the recurrence ofdangerous domestic insur-
rections in the future is not to be apprehended.
If you could have seen the men of Massa-
chusetts and South Carolina coming into the
convention on the first day of its meeting hand
in hand, amid the rapturous applause of the
whole body, awakened by heart-felt gratifica-
tion at the event, filling the eyes of thousands
with tears of joy, which they neither could nor
desired to repress, you would have felt as every
person present felt, that the time had arrived
when all sectional or other perilous dissensions
had ceased, and that nothing should be heard
in the future but the voice of harmony proclaim-
ing devotion to a common country, of pride in
being bound together by a common Union,
existing and protected by forms of government
proved by experience to be eminently fitted
for the exigencies of either war or peace.
_ In the principles announced by the conven-
tion and in the feeling there manifested, we
have every assurance that harmony through-
out our entire land will soon prevail. We know
that, as in former days, as was eloquently de-
clared by Webster, the nation"s most gifted
statesman, Massachusetts and South Carolina
went "shoulder to shoulder through the Rev-
olution," and stood hand in hand " around the
administration of Washington, and felt his
own great arm lean on them for support, "so
will they again, with like magnanimity, devo-
tion, and power stand round your Adminis-
tration, and cause you to feel that you may
also lean on them for support.
In the proceedings, Mr. President, which
we are to place in your hands, yon will find
thattheconventionperformed the grateful duty
imposed upon them by their knowledge of your
"devotion to the Constitution and laws and
interests of your country," as illustrated by
your entire presidential career, of declaring
that in you they " recognize a Chief Magistrate
worthy of the nation and equal to the great
crisis upon which your lot is cast;" and in
this declaration it gives us marked pleasure to
add, we are confident that the convention has
but spoken the intelligent and patriotic senti-
ment of the country. Ever inaccessible to the
low influences which often control the mere
partisan, governed alone by an honest opinion
of constitutional obligations and rights, and of
the duty of looking solely to the true interests,
safety, and honor of the nation, such a class is
incapable'of resorting to any bait for popu-
larity a.t the expense of the public good.
Jn the measures which you have adopted for
the restoration of the?Union the convention
saw only a continuance of the policy which for
the same purpose was inaugurated by your
immediate predecessor. In his reelection by
the people, after that policy had been fully
indicated and had been made one of tho issues
of the contest, those of his political friends
who are now assailing you for sternly pursuing
it are forgetful or regardless of the opinions
which their support of hisreelection necessarily
involved. Being upon the same ticket with
that much-lamented public servant, whose foul
assassination touched the heart of the civilized
world with grief and horror, you would have
been false to obvious duty if you had not en-
deavored to carry out the same policy; and,
judging now by the opposite one which Con-
gress has pursued, its wisdom and patriotism
are indicated by the fact that that of Congress
has but continued a broken Union by keeping
ten of the States in which at one time the in-
surrection existed (as far as they could accom-
plish it) in the condition of subjugated prov-
inces, denying to them the right to be repre-
sented, while subjecting their people to every
species of legislation, including that of taxa-
tion. That such a state of things is at war
with the very genius of our Government, incon-
sistent with every idea of political freedom,
and most perilous to the peace and safety ofthr
country, no reflecting man can fail to believe.
We hope," sir, that the proceedings of the
convention will cause you to adhere, if possi-
ble, with even greater firmness to the course
which you are pursuing, by satisfying you that
the people are with you, and that the wish
which lies nearest to their heart is that a per-
fect restoration of our Union at the earliest
moment be attained, and a conviction that the
result can only be accomplished by the meas-
ures which you are pursuing. And in the dis-
charge of the duties which these impose upon
you we, as did every member of the conven-
tion, again for ourselves individually tender
to you our profound respect and assurance of
our cotdial and sincere support.
With a reunited Union, with no foot but that
of a freeman treading or permitted to tread
our soil, with a nation's faitli pledged forever
to a strict observance of all its obligations,
with kindness and fraternal love everywhere
prevailing, the desolations of war will soon be
removed; its sacrifices of life, sad as they have
been, will, with Christian resignation, be re-
ferred to a providential purpose of fixing our
beloved country on a firm and enduring basis,
which will forever place our liberty and happi-
ness beyond the reach of human peril. Then,
too, and forever, will our Government chal-
lenge the admiration and receive the respect
of the nations of the world, and be in no
danger of any efforts to impeach our honor.
And permit the, sir, in conclusion, to add,
that, great as your solicitude for the restoration
of our domestic peace and your labors to that
end, you have also a watchful eye to the rights
of the nation, and that any attempt by an as-
sumed or actual foreign power to enforce an
illegal blockade against the Government or cit-
izens of the United States, to use yourown mild
but expressive words, "will be disallowed."
In this determination I am sure you will receive
the unanimous approval of your fellow-citizens.
Now, sir, as the chairman of this committee,
and in behalf of the convention, I have the
honor to present you with an authentic copy of
its proceedings.
Ihe CHIEF JUSTICE. Senators, you have
heard the answer submitted by the counsel for
the President of the United States. Those of
you who are in favor of receiving and ordering
this answer to be filed will say "ay," and
those who are of the contrary opinion will say
"no." [Having put the question.J It is so
ordered; the answer is received and will be
filed.
Mr. Manager BOUTWELL. Mr. President
and gentlemen of the Senate, in behalf of the
House of Representatives, and as directed by
the Managers, I have the honor to request of
the honorable Senate a copy of the answer filed
