4128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
July 16,
reigned in Warsaw." But look at what was
said and by whom prior to the registration.
The leading paper of the party of the contest-
ant urged the people to "organize, arm, and
drill." Frank Blair and scores of others told
them the oath was unconstitutional and the
St*te had no right to impose it. A member
of Congress, a leader in his party, told them
to go to the registering officer and say to him,
" My rights or your blood." A certain preacher
of the gospel, with a very significant name—
Burn-Ham—and of course all his descend-
ants, tells you that he in a speech in the court-
house at Fulton exhorted "the people to go
to the polls and demand their right to vote,
and that the oath was not binding in a moral
sense, but an outrage on the rights of free-
men." This man of God evidently spoke by
inspiration, and as " the spirit gave him utter-
ance." The copperhead lawyers were profuse
in their oilers ot aid should any be called to
account for having sworn falsely or for other-
wise violating the law. An ex-member of this
House publicly proffered his services in this
labor of love, "without money and without
price." His puppet, a Teutonic Dogberry,
whose mental caliber needs no "writingdown,"
and who imagines that, like Selkirk, he "is mon-
arch of all lie surveys," proclaimed, da prof un-
dis, '' Come unto me all you who are weary and
heavy laden, and I will give you rest." A pub-
lic meeting of confederate soldiers is called.
They meet in Fulton while the registration is
going on. Undoubtedly large numbers assem-
bled, for in that county their '' name is legion.''
They reconnoitered in force and find the work
going bravely on. All is lovely and the coast
is clear. No blockade, no obstructions, no
man daring to dispute their onward march.
The committee say they resolved not to vote.
I see nothing in the testimony of any such
resolve. It does say, however, they "did
nothing." Of course not, for there was noth-
ing to do. Their victory, though bloodless,
was complete and decisive. The contestant
comes here and demands its fruits at your
hands.
Now, Mr. Speaker, we can readily account
for the quiet that prevailed there during the
registration. The rebels were "let alone;"
therefore there was no war. Verily, the com-
mittee is fully justified in saying, "All quiet in
Callaway." There is another circumstance to
which the committee attaches considerable
importance. William II. Bailey, candidate of
the same party, and upon the same ticket with
the contestant, was commissioned county clerk
by the Governor. This is cited, I presume, to
show that the Governor took the committee's
view of the registration, and in opposition to
the secretary of State. If this were so it is
more than offset by the action of the Legisla-
ture, which has twice, after full consideration,
refused seats to persons sent from that county
as members on the ground of its fraudulent
registration. But the committee are in error
as to the purpose of the Governor in issuing a
commission to Mr. Bailey. That ho may speak
for himself, I send a communication from him
to be read at the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows.
Washington, j). C., April 15, 1868,
Deae Sib: I notice in the concluding portion of
the report of the majority of the Committee on Elec-
tions, in the case of Sw,itzlerc . Hon. George W. An-
derson, that some stress is laid upon the fact that I
gave a commission to Bailey as clerk of one of the
courts in Callaway county upon a certificate of elec-
tion issued to him based on tho election returns in
thiit county in 1866.
In order that the fact of the issuing of that com-
mission may not mislead any one as to the reasons
for its issue, permit mo to briefly state the objects I
had in view, ' , ,
Every man of candor, who is at all informed as to
sentiment and political status of the people of Cal-
loway countv, must admit there has at no time since
1862 been two hundred loyal men in that county. I
well knew the fact in 1866 that there were not two
hundred men ill that county oil titled tovotounderthe
constitution and laws of Missouri. The constitution
ami laws of theStateliad been mocked and defied m
that, elation ; and as the shortest way to have it so
decided by thecourts.Isingledout Bailey and gave hi in
a commission for tho purpose of enabling those inter-
ested to bring him by quo warranto into the supremo
court, and thus possess the court of tho wholo sub-
ject of his olection, so that the legality of the regis-
tration in Callaway county could bo passed upon:
and that it was not so done was because there was no
loyal man in the county who eared or dared to insti-
tute, or cause to bo instituted, thoproper proceeding.
I am, truly, yours. T1I0. C. FLETCHER.
Hon, J. W. McCldrg.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Such, Mr. Speaker, is
the opinion of the executive of the State on
this question. lie lives in sight of Callaway,
and knows the people and their antecedents.
His testimony would be corroborated by that
of every loyal man in the State were they called
upon for an opinion.
Mr. Speaker, I have been a citizen of Mis-
souri for more than twenty years. I entered
the military service early in the war, and was
in at the death. I know something of the
state of things there during the war, and some-
thing of Callaway county. It is my firm belief
there are not to exceed two hundred men in
the county qualified to vote under the constitu-
tion and laws of the State. It is not possible
from the nature of things the number can be
greater. There has been no increase in its
loyal population since 1801, but rather a de-
crease, for loyalty llees from such associations
as from a pestilence. In this opinion I am
strongly fortified by the testimony of numerous
witnesses. Mr. Turner, a citizen of the county
for forty years, fixes tho number at two hun-
dred and eighty, the highest estimate of any
witness on either side, (page 10.) Mr. William
13. Miller, forty years a citizen there, says two
hundred, (page 11.) Mr. Johnson says one
hundred and sixty, and that he scoured the
couuty and got but twenty soldiers for the
home-guard service, (page 10.) Marcus Bird
estimates the number at ten to the township,
or less than one hundred in all, (page 1(>.)
Forty years he has resided in tho county ;
acted as enrolling officer under the conscrip-
tion act during the war, a position affording
him the very best means of information. Mr.
Yotmt, who has a residence of thirty-one years
in Cedar township, says not over forty or fifty
in that township. Tho registry list contains
the names of two hundred and twenty-seven.
Mr. Turlcy, one of the registering officers, says
one hundred and sixty-five in tho county,
(page 10.) Mr. Thomas, the supervisor, and
well acquainted with the county, estimates
about two hundred, (page'21.) The Governor
says less than two hundred. It requires over
five hundred in the county to elect the con-
testant, which is more than double the number
testified to by any one of these numerous wit-
nesses.
Surely, Mr. Speaker, this ought to bo suffi-
cient, to convince any one that the registration
of the county was but little better than a farce
and entitled to no respect, especially as they
stand uncontradicted by a single witness testi-
fying on the part of the contestant. But, sir,
tho case is made still stronger by the opinion
of the contestant himself, given at a time when
there was nothing to bias his judgment, when
his duties called him to serious reflection on
the subject, and with the most ample means
of information. In the year 1863 the contestant
was provost marshal under the conscription
act of the district he seeks now to representin
Congress. As such it was his duty to cause an
enrollment of the arms-bearing population of
Callaway. There was great delay in the enroll-
ment. Nothing unreasonable in this, consid-
ing the character of the people. Mr. Daven-
port, the recorder of the board of enrollment,
testifies that heavy guards were required for
the defense of the enrolling officers, and that
much difficulty was experienced in executing
tho law. The contestant was reprimanded by
the provost marshal general for his tardiness.
Callaway is still unfinished, and in his cor-
respondence with the War Department the
contestant speaks of that county as the South
Carolina of Missouri, and says there are not
two hundred loyal men in it. In this state-
ment the witness says ho fully coincided at the
time, and is still of the same opinion. This
should conclude the contestant and put at rest
the character of the registry. In the face of
all these facts—for such they must be held to
be, for they stand uncontradicted by any wit-
ness ; indeed, they proceed from the mouth of
the contestant himself—how, in the name of
God, can he come here and claim that a regis-
try, the lists of which contain nearly twenty-
one hundred names, is a fair, honest, and legal
enrollment of the voters of the county, and
should be so declared by this House ? And
how, Mr. Speaker, can the Election Commit-
tee reconcile their report with the precedents
in more than one case when entire polls have
been rejected and thrown out because the vote
returned was so disproportioned to the known
voting population as to stamp fraud upon it,
and the legal and the illegal so intermingled as
to render it impossible to separate the one
from the other. I can account for it only by
presuming that the onerous and important
duties devolving upon the committee, and the
numerous cases claiming their attention, have
precluded their giving that amount of study
and deliberation to this case which its import"
ance demands.
But, Mr. Speaker, there is another light in
which we must view this case. It is difficult
for those not familiar with the secret history
of Missouri to understand the real situation of
affairs there. They ask such questions as these:
la it possible that the people of a whole com-
munity will deliberately perjure themselves for
the mere privilege of voting? Will human
nature so far degrade itself as to call God to
witness as true what, they know in their hearts
is false? Can it be that in the county of Cal-
laway "all men are liars?" Have the sensi-
bilities of men became so callous that without
a shudder or a sensation of remorse they will
knowingly and purposely set at nought the laws
of both God and man and glory in the act?
And if so, are the courts of justice power-
less to correct the evil ? Is justice so per-
verted and the law's delay so great that any
attempt at its administration and enforcement
is useless? The answer to all this is easy, and
the explanation furnishes the key to this whole
controversy.
"Vice is a monster of so frightful mein,
That to be hated, needs but to bo.seen;
But, seen too oft, familiar with her face.
We first endure, then pity, then embrace."
Who can point out the man who will admit
he committed treason when fighting against
his country and its flag? Ask of the thousands
who were bound by oath to support, protect,
and defend the Constitution of the United
States, and who wantonly and purposely vio-
lated it, if by so doing they committed perjury,
and you all know the response you will re-
ceive. Where has one ever been convicted of
treason, perjury, or anything else by the courts ?
Take up the numerous eases of murder, kid-
napping, tarring and feathering, and assaults
of various kinds throughout the entire South
and point to me one single case where puuish-
inent followed. Laws for the protection of
persons and property always have been and
still arc dead lettersin such communities when
sectional or party feeling prompted their viola-
tion. So it is in Callaway. The testimony of
numerous witnesses in this case shows that
men took the oath and registered who had
been in the rebel army. In at least two cases
the parties themselves testify to it; and yet it
would be "easier for a camel to go through
the eye of a needle " than to convict either of
them. J hey must be tried by a jury who are
birds of the same feather. The court is pre-
sided over by a judge who found no difficulty
in reconstructing by the hundred in flagrant
violation of the Constitution he had sworn to
support. He had decided that " perjury was
pious when needed to overthrow the loyal ele-
ment of the State. His eourts throughout the
enure circuit were engines employed in the
interest of rebels and Tor the persecution of
Io^hI men. But these men deny that in any
sense they are or have been disloyal. From.
