1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1Q57
made the interest so payable in coin as an
inducement to the people to purchase them.
To insist, then, that when the Government
sold these bonds and agreed to pay them iu
money that it meant that they should bo
paid in coin, when the first section of the
act authorizing their issue also provided for
the issue of a money which it expressly stated
should be received in payment of all debts
against the United States, except interest on
bonds and notes, is virtually saying that these
bonds are not a debt, because if they are they
are payable in that currency, unless excepted
therefrom, which they are not, for the act says
that it shall be received in payment of debts.
Then are they debts? I answer they are, and
payable in such currency.
If the above interpretation that I have given
of the first act authorizing the issue of the five-
twenty bonds be not correct, how can we rec-
oncile it with the act passed authorizing the
issue of another class of bonds known as the
ten-forties? In this last act Congress provides
that the principal and interest, shall both be
payable in coin. If the argument of gentle-
men be true, that the Government when it
agrees to pay money thereby agrees to pay coin
and not currency, why did it provide for
paying these bonds in coin, principal and in-
terest, and why did it put them upon the
market at the same time with the five-twenty
bonds if they were payable in coin, when the
ten-forties were only bearing five per cent,
interest, and that payable annually, while the
five-twenty bonds were bearing a six per cent,
gold interest, payable semi-annually? It was
because it thought that a five per cent, bond,
with the principal and interest payable in coin,
was worth as much as a six per cent, bond
with the interest payable in gold, but theprin-
cipal in currency; each sold at par. I hope
some gentleman will answer this when he dis-
cusses this question. Asto whetherthe Govern-
ment is bound by the acts of Jay Cooke & Com-
pany as its agents in making the representa-
tions that they did, that these five-twenty bonds
were payable, principal and interest, in coin
at the time of the sale, depends entirely upon
the fact as to whether Congress so authorized
them to make such representations. If it did,
then it is bound by their acts; if not, then it
is not so bound.
It is a well settled principle of law that the
principal is only hound by the acts of his agent
when the agent acts within the scope of his
authority. In this case Congress passed a plain
law, that every person is presumed to know and
understand, authorizing the issue and sale of
these bonds by the Secretary of the Treasury.
The Secretary had no authority under this law,
neither had Jay Cooke & Company to represent
that these bonds were payable in any other way
than as expressed in the law itself, and when
they did so represent, not being authorized by
Congress to do so, their representations were
not binding upon the Government, of which
fact the purchasers were bound to take notice.
But I cannot conceive that these representa-
tions of Jay Cooke & Company really deceived
any one, for the reason that they were employed
by the Secretary to sell another class of our bo nds
known as the ten-forties, the principal and in-
terest of which were payable in gold, and it was
so expressed upon the face of the bonds. And
this was at a time when but few of the live-
twenties had been sold, as I understand. In their
advertisements for the sale of these ten-forty
bonds they stated that they were the most desir-
able bond that the Government had to dispose
of, notwithstanding the interest upon them was
one per cent, less than on the five-twenty bonds,
and gave as the reason that they were the only
bonds of the Government that the principal and
interest were both payable in coin. So here
we have two notices from the same firm em-
ployed by the Secretary of the Treasury to sell
each class of these.bond*, in one of which they
say that the priucipalol these five-twenty bonds
were payable in coin, and in the other they say
that they were not so payable. So that these
notices, if they amount to anything at all,
40th Coxa. 2d Sea*.—No. 67.
destroy each other. I insist, however, that
it was not generally understood that the prin-
cipal of these five-twenty bonds was payable
in coiu to those who purchased them. If so,
why do we find a banker at Frankfort, in Ger-
many, an agent of our foreign bondholders, as
I am informed, writing to the Secretary of the
Treasury a letter, substantially as follows:
" It is not understood here in Frankfort that these
bonds are payable in gold. If it shouldbe so under-
stood they would bring a much higher price."
Now, if it was understood, as gentlemen say,
by all our of bondholders at the time of their pur-
chase that the principal of these five-twenty
bonds was payable in gold, why did this agent
write that it was not so understood in Germany.
It shows conclusively, to my mind, that it was
not understood by our foreign bondholders
that the principal of these bonds should be
paid in coin when they purchased them ; for
if they had so understood it their agent, instead
of writing as he did, would have insisted that
our bondholders in Europe when they pur-
chased these bonds did so with the distinct
understanding that the principal of the same
was to be paid in coin, and if not so paid our
Government would be acting in bad faith with
them. The truth is that they purchased our
bonds with currency that was greatly depreci-
ated at the time, and expected nothing else but
currency in return for them, unless our Gov-
ernment should see fit to pay them in coin.
As far as my information goes, the only parties
that I know of who charge that if the Govern-
ment does not pay these five-twenty bonds in
gold that it will be acling in bad faith with
its creditors comes fiom our own citizens
and not from our creditors abroad ; and this
extreme exaction upon the part of our own
bondholders, when their bonds were already
exempt from all kind of taxation by States and
cities, has contributed as much as anything
else to furnishing the Democratic party with
arguments with which to create prejudice and
dissatisfaction among the people in reference
to their payment, and which has materially
aided in hastening the present financial crisis
that is upon the country.
I know it is urged by some, that upon the
ground of equity we should pay these bonds in
coin, for the reason that our bondholders would
not have loaned their money to the Govern-
ment if they had not expected gold in return.
An argument of that kind does not help their
cause ; it smacks a little too much of the dollar
and not quite enough of loyalty. I am one that
believes that the Government has just as much
right and power to draft the money of the coun-
try for its support in time of war as it has to
require the military services of its people. If
one class are willing to go to the tented field and
risk their lives in the defense of their country
at small wages, 1 do not know but what those
who have the wealth, (all of which, to a great
extent, depends upon the salvation of the
country,) and who do not feel willing to risk
their lives upon the battle-field, could well
afford to furnish their money at a reasonable
interest. I feel that the soldier's blood is as
sacred as the rich man's money. If, then, in
the absence of any positive argument upon the
part of the Government to pay coin for either,
and the soldier's debt can be paid in currency,
I cannot see why the bondholder should not
be satisfied with the same. Some of the bond-
holders may answer that if they had not fur-
nished their money that the rebellion would
not have been put down. I have no doubt but
what the soldier could say as much. I know
had it not been for his services upon the bat-
tie-field the rebellion would never have been
j crushed. These various complaints from bond-
| holders, I am proud to know, as far as my
I information extends, does not come from those
1 who furnished the money to the Government
in the hour of its peril; but it comes princi-
pally from those who have since purchased
those bonds for speculation or investment.
Let us next inquire how these bonds shall be
fundedorpaid, and the true mode of raising rev-
enue for the support of the Government, And in
connection with these two last inquiries I desire
also to discuss to some extent the merits of the
policy of the Democratic party as to how the
same shall be done. Having shown, as I think
satisfactorily, that these five-twenty bonds are
payable in currency and not in coin, and as
they are payable at the pleasure of the Gov-
ernment at any time after five years from their
date a very grave question presents itself, and
one upon which the two great parties of the
country are divided, and that is: shall these
bonds be paid by the issue of greenbacks as
fast as they mature? The position of the Dem-
ocratic party is that they should be so paid.
To this proposition I dissent, for two reasons:
that it would be injurious to the country and
an act of bad faith to our creditors. As this
is one of the most important questions that will
be discussed before the people in the approach-
ing canvass, and one that must enter largely
into the discussion of financial questions, I
desire to examine its merits with some.earo,
and ask for the arguments I present, both for
and against, a careful consideration. If the
Democratic doctrine prevails within two years
we would have thrown upon the country, in
addition to our present circulation, at least
$1,600,000,000 in currency, which would make
our currency circulation some twenty-three
hundred millions. If we should add to that
our gold and silver it would swell the amount
some two hundred and fifty millions more, mak-
ing ip all about twenty-five hundred and fifty
millions, which would be, at least, §1,550,000,-
000 more than the country could possibly use
for any legitimate purpose. We can only use
profitably just enough money to move the pro-
duce of the country and keep the markets brisk.
One thousand millions would be ample for
that.
All beyond that sum, instead of benefiting
the people, would only demoralize and corrupt
them, depreciate the currency at least three-
fold, and drive the whole country into wild,
reckless, and illegitimate speculations, forcing
all business from its healthy, legitimate, and
proper channels. So that within three years
time the business interests of the country would
become so demoralized and exhausted by these
terrible excesses that reaction would set in,
when these excesses, with all their consequent
financial horrors, would return upon the coun-
try, overwhelming all its business interests in
ruin, driving the great mass of our business
men into bankruptcy and reducing the laboring
man to poverty, and ending in the repudiation
of the whole debts of the country, both public
and private. Too much or not enough money
affects the country injuriously; but too much
will affect it more seriously than not enough,
for when times are hard we economize, but
when money is plenty it begets extravagance
and wc overtrade ourselves. It is like a drought
or too much rain. The drought cuts the farmer's
crops short, but excessive floods not only pre-
vent his planting and tillingin theproper season,
thereby cutting his crops still shorter, but they
wash and destroy his land, carryaway hisfences,
and frequently ruin his whole premises. But
when the season is favorable and just enough,
sunshine and rain, then the crops will begood and
the farmers prosperous. So with the country
financially: when there is just money enough to
meet the proper and legitimate demands of the
people all kinds of business will be healthy and
the country will flourish. To issue greenbacks
I and pay oft' our bonds, therefore, as fast as they
|| mature would not only be ruinous to ourselves,
but it would be acting in bad faith toward our
! creditors—a thing that we could not afford to
| do—for it would be, saying the best for it, pay-
! ing an honest debt with a currency not worth
| one third its present value, and made so by our
,i own willful and dishonest act.
:i If our Democratic friends are really sincers
j I and feel that they are acting for the best inter-
" ests of the country in thus advocating the issue
of greenbacks for the payment of oxir bonds
as they become redeemable, let me ask them
to explain how it will better our condition.
Does the mere issuing of the greenbacks and
