THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
23
by Andrew Johnson, President of the United
States, to the articles of impeachment presented
against him by the House of Representatives,
and to say that it is the expectation of the Man-
agers that they will be able at one o'clock to-
morrow afternoon, after consultation with the
House, to present a fit replication to the answer
filed.
Mr. EVABTS. Mr. Chief Justice and Sen-
ators, the counsel for the President think it
proper, unless some objection should now be
made, to bring to the attention of the honor-
able court the matter of provision for the allow-
ance of the time for preparation for the trial
which shall be accorded to the President and
liis counsel after the replication of the House
of Representatives to the answer of the Pres-
ident shall have been submitted to this court.
In the application, which was made on the 13 th
instant, for time for the preparation and sub-
mission of the answer, as then presented to
the court, we had included in our considera-
tion of that time for which we so asked the
expectation and intention of carrying on with
all due diligence and at one and the same time
the preparation of tSe answer and the prep-
aration for the trial. The action of the court
and its determination of the time within which
the answer should properly be presented has
obliged us, as may be well understood by this
court, to devote our whole time and thought
in this brief interval to the preparation of the
answer ; and we have had no time to consider
the various questions of law and of fact and
of evidence and the forms and means of the
production of the same which rest upon the
responsibility and lie within the duty of coun-
sel in all matters of forensic and judicial con-
sideration. Wo, therefore, if the honorable
court please, submit now a request that the
President and his counsel may-be allowed the
period of thirty days after the filing of the repli-
cation on the part of the House of Represent-
atives to the answer of the President for prep-
aration for the trial and before it shall actually
proceed ; and I beg leave to send to ihe Chief
Justice a written minute of that proposition
signed by the counsel.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. It is not for the pres-
ent in order. The question before the Senate
is the motion submitted on the part of the Mana-
gers of the impeachment, that a copy of the
answer be furnished to the House of Represent-
atives, and that the House have time to file a
replication.
The motion of the Managers on the part of
the House was agreed to.
The CHIEF J USTICE. The Chair will now
receive any motion on the part of the counsel
for the President.
Mr. EVARTS. I now beg to ask for the
action of this honorable court upon the pre-
sentation in writing of a request for thirty days
after the filing of the replication for the defense
to prepare for the trial.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
report the order asked on the part of the counsel
for the President.
The Secretary read ag follows:
To the Senate of the United States
sitting as a Court of Impeachment:
And now, on this 23d day of March, in the
year 1868, the counsel for the President of the
United States, upon reading and filing his an-
swer to the articles of impeachment exhibited
against him, respectfully represent to this hon-
orable court that after the replication shall have
been filed to the said answer, the due and proper
preparation of and for the trial of the cause will
require, in the opinion and judgment of such
counsel, that a period of not less than thirty days
should be allowed to the President of the Uni-
ted States and his counsel for such prepara-
tion, and before the said trial should proceed.
HENRY STANBERY,
B. R. CURTIS,
THOMAS A. R. NELSON,
WILLIAM M. EVARTS,
W. S. GROESBECK.
Of Counsel.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, if it be in
order I will now move that that application lie
upon the table until the replication of the House
of Representatives shall come in.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. Mr. President,
before the vote is taken I ask leave to state
that, if it be the pleasure of the Senate, the
Managers on the partofthe House are ready
to consider this application now.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Senators, it is
moved by the Senator from Michigan that the
application on the part of the counsel for the
President lie upon the table until the replica-
tion shall be filed.
Mr. HOWARD. I withdraw that motion
for the moment if the Managers wish to be
heard.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator from
Michigan withdraws his motion. Do the Man-
agers desire to be heard ?
Mr. Manager LOGAN. Mr. President and
Senators, I am instructed by the Managers on
the part of the House of Representatives to
resist the granting of this application, not on
account of the time at which it is presented,
but for the reason that itdoes not contain such
matter as in our opinion will justify the Sen-
ate in giving further time for preparation on
the part of the respondent's counsel for^ the
trial of this cause. We do not desire to force
this trial any more rapidly than the necessities
of the case demand, but desire that such rules
as have heretofore been observed, or as would be
observed in a court at law, may be adhered to
in the testing of the sufficiency of this applica-
tion. What reasons are given in the application
here presented for the time to be extended?
None more than that counsel shall have an
opportunity to prepare themselves for oratori-
cal displays before this august body. They have
had the same opportuniles that the Managers
on the part of the House of Representatives
have had for preparation. They can and will
have the same during the whole progress of
this trial. It is not stated that any witness who
will prove any material fact is not present, or
whose presence cannot any day be procured.
It is not stated that delay is necessary for the
procurement of records, documents, persons,
or papers material or immaterial in this case.
Why, then, Mr. President, grant further time
when no good cause under the rule is shown?
The answer herein filed admits the order of
removal of (he Secretary of W ar and the order
appointing a Secretary ad intert.nl. The Pres-
ident knew what the law was when these orders
were made, and knowing it violated it, for
which violation we charge him with high mis-
demeanors in office. In the many trials we
have reported in this and other countries this
application has no precedent.
In the case of Judge Chase his application
stated, in substance, that it was not in his power
to obtain information respecting facts alleged
against him to have taken place in Philadel-
phia and Richmond, in time to prepare and
put in his answer and proceed to trial before
the 5th day of March then next following; and
further that he could not get his witnesses or
counsel nor prepare his answer at the same
time, disclaiming that this was done for delay.
This application was sworn to by the respond-
ent ; he was given time, and the facts show that
his answer was hied and his trial had, and he
acquitted in five days' less time than he swore it
I would take him to prepare for trial.
I In Judge Peck's case his application stated
1 his difficulties in obtaining witnesses, the dis-
| tance they lived from Washington, the time it
i would require them to travel from St. Louis
| to Washington, the necessity for copying and
obtaining records; that four years had elapsed
since the transpiring of the acts complained of
against him. This application was also sworn
to. If the learned counsel remember the trial
of Queen Caroline hefore the Parliament, of
Great Britain, when time was granted for the
procurement of evidence the learned attorney
general then and there protested against this
granting of time becoming a precedent for
any future trial, this application being granted
merely through courtesy to the queen, when
witnesses were deemed absolutely necessary
to protect, if possible, her reputation. This
application differs in form and substance from
any that our attention has been directed to,
made by the counsel, signed by themselves,
and sworn to by no one.
Mr. President, the rule in coarts of law in
applications for a continuance of the cause or
the extension of time, is that reasons good and
sufficien t must be stated; if for want of a witness
or witnesses you must give the name or names,
the residence, and what you expect to prove
by said witness or witnesses, and that you
know of no other witnesses present by whom
you can prove the same facts, and also that
you have used due diligence to procure the
evidence. This application certainly does not
come under that rule. No evidence is stated
that is expected to be produced. The name
of no witness is given that is expected to be
subpoenaed. No distance is mentioned that
must be traveled. No residence is mentioned.
It is not stated that any attempt has been made
to obtain any evidence or to even have wit-
nesses subpoenaed. But, sir, for what is this
application made, and upon what is it based?
It is based upon no urgent necessity for time,
that justice may be done in the premises, but
merely indicates to the Senate that time is
desired to examine authorities, to prepare argu-
ments, and for naught else can we discover
that it is made.
Sirs, we insist, as Managers on the part of
the House of Representatives and the people,
that no more time shall be given in this case
than is absolutely necessary to try it; there is
no necessity for the extension for counsel to
prepare on either side; none for the procure-
ment of witnesses, as none has been asked on
that ground. If time be now given on this ap-
plication, perhaps when issue is joined and
the time now extended elapses we maybe met
by an affidavit asking more time for the procure-
ment of witnesses in some distant part of the
country. In my judgment time should not be
granted for the trial of the President of the
United States on any different application from
that required to give time for the trial of the
poorest and humblest citizen in the land ; he
should be tried by the same rules and held
amenable to the same laws that apply to any
other citizen. Let it not be said that no harm
may come to the country by postponement of
this cause. If we are correct in our charges
against him harm may come by a postponement.
We have charged him with intentionally vio-
lating the law; we have charged him with
obstructing the law. Our charges are of such
a character as show him to be a dangerous per-
son to remain the Chief Magistrate of the na-
tion, inasmuch as he, instead of administering,
obstructs the law. It is said that time would
be given to an ordinary criminal to prepare
his defense. I may be pardoned for saying
that we, as the Managers on the part of the
House and the country, consider the President
a criminal, but not an ordinary one. We
charge him as a criminal, and are bound to so
consider him until, by the verdict of his triers,
he shall be acquitted of all the articles herein
presented. The learned counsel for the re-
spondent do not agree with us in this ; nor do
we ask the Senate to so adjudge until our
charges are made good by competent testi-
mony. The course in the case of ordinary
criminals who commit crimes or misdemeanors
is, or may be, different from the course in this
case. But, sir, ordinary criminals are either
arrested and put under bonds or imprisoned,
that no further violations of law may be com-
mitted by them during the pendency of their
trial. But, sir, in this case the President, who is
charged with violating the law, has the same
power to act to-day and still trample the laws
and the Constitution under foot that he had
the day we charged him with having committed
these high crimes and misdemeanors hence
the reasons for not granting time in this case
are stronger than could be urged in the case
of an ordinary criminal.
