1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2081
enth article. He lias confessed that he has
indulged in criticisms on Congress, and he has
planted himself upon his constitutional right to
indulge m such criticisms. Now, what is youj
jceplication ?
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will find
by referring to the last lines of the answer
that the President says he is not guilty.
Mr. WOODWARD. I have eliminated the
substance, the point, the pith of his reply to
this eleventh article.
Mr. BINGHAM. You have omitted the
real answer.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Will
the gentleman allow me a word ?
Mr. WOODWARD. If I have an opportu-
nity to say a word in reply.
The SPEAKER,. The time of the gentle-
man has expired.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I cannot yield further.
Mr. WOODWARD. I have no desire to
consume time.
Mr. BOUTWELL. If we can have general
consent of the House that the replication may
be considered as adopted at five minutes be-
fore one o'clock, without the yeas and nays,
I am willing that the debate shall go on until
that time.
Mr. WOOD. We shall insist upon our right
to have the yeas and nays.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Then I ask that the
question may be now taken.
The question was upon adopting the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the House hereby adopts the repli-
cation to the answer of the President, as now submit-
ted by the managers.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Upon this question I
ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken ; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 11G, nays 3G,
not voting 37 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Delos II.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baldwin, Banks,
Bcaman, Bcatty, Benjamin, Bent on,Bingham,Blaino,
Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland, Butler,
Cake, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Coburn, Covode, Cullorn, Dawes, Dixon, Dodge,
Driggs, Eekley.Eggleston, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferriss,
Ferry, Fields, Gariicld, Gravely, Halsey, Higby, Hill,
Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd,
Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Judd, Julian, Kolsey,
Ketcham, Kitchen, Roontz, Laflin, George V. Law-
rence, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan,
Lougbridge, Lynch, Mallory, Maynard, McClurg,
Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Morreli, Mul-
lins, Myers, Newcomb, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Per-
ham, Peters, Pike, Pile, Plants, Poland, Polsley,
Ponieroy, Price, Raum, Robertson, Sawyer,Schenek,
Scoiield, Selye, Shanks, Smith, Spalding, Aaron F.
Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens, Tafi'e, Thomas, John
Trimble, Twichell, Upson, Burt Van Horn, Robert
T. Van Horn, Van Wyck, ward, Cadwalador C.
Washburn. ElihuB. Washburne, William B. Wash-
burn, Welker, Thomas Williams, James F. Wilson,
John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and
W oodbridge—116.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Barnes, Beck, Burr, Chan-
ler, Eldridgc, Fox, Getz, Glossbrenner, Golladay,
Grover, lLtight, llolman, Jlotchkiss, Richard D.
Hubbard, Johnson. Kerr, Knott, Marshall, McCor-
mick, MeCullough, Mungen, Niblack, Phelps, Pruyn,
Randall, Ross, Sitgreaves, Stewart, Stone, Taber,
Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Auken, Van Trump,Wood,
and Woodward—36.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Arnell, Axtell,
Baker, Barnum, Blair, Boyer, Brooks, Cary, Cobb,
Cook, Cornell, Donnelly, Ela, Finney. Griswold,
Harding, Hawkins, Asakel W. Hubbard, Humphrey,
Jones, lfclley, Marvin, McCarthy, Morgan, Mor-
risscy, Nicholson, Nunn, Robinson, Shellabarerer,
Starkweather, Stokes, Taylor, Trowbridge, Van
Aernam, Henry D. Washburn, and William Wil-
liams—37.
So the motion was adopted.
Mr. BOUTWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I offer for adoption the
following resolution, upon which I demand the
previous question:
RwolveO, That a message be sent to the Senate
by the Clerk of the House informing the Senate that
the House of Representatives has adopted a repli-
cation to the answer of the President of the United
States on the articles of impeachment exhibited
against him, and that the same will be presented to
tjje Senate by the managers on the part of the House.
The previous question was seconded and
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 131.
the main question ordered; and under the oper-
ation thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. BOUTWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
commenced, and reports are in order from the
Committee of Ways and Means.
REFUNDING OF DUTIES. fc /
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Commira^ Jbi
Ways and Means, reported baek, v/iwout
amendment, the bill (H. R. No. 881) refund-
ing duties paid under protest on the importa-
tion from France of a bell donated for the use
of St. Mary's Institute and Notre Dame Uni-
versity, Indiana.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to refund to Rev. Edward
Sorin the amount of duties paid by him under
protest to the collector of the port of New
York, in 18G7, on a bell donated and imported
from France for the use of St. Mary's Institute
and Notre Dame University, institutions incor-
porated by the State of Indiana for literary
and philosophical purposes.
Mr. SCHENCIL I hope the House will pass
the bill at once on the explanation which I
shall submit. There is a provision at present
in the law that all philosophic apparatus and
instruments and various articles for the use of
scientific, literary, religious, and benevolent
associations shall be imported free of duty.
The metal of which the bell referred to in this
bill was manufactured was composed in great
measure of American copper from Lake Su-
perior, and the bell was presented by a foreign
religious society to the Sisters of a Catholic
institution of learning in Indiana. The Treas-
ury Department decided upon a strict construc-
tion of the law that this bell could not come
in free of duty. The duties upon the bell have
been paid in behalf of this literary institution
under protest, and this bill proposes to refund
to them, upon general principles and upon the
merits of the ease, as well as under what
might be considered a fair construction of the
law, the duties thus paid by them.
Mr. DRIGGS. What is the amount they
want refunded?
Mr. MOORHEAD. It is about twelve
hundred dollars.
Mr. SCHENCIv. It is a little over two thou-
sand dollars. That does not. however, affect the
principle of the case nor the reasons of the com-
mittee. It was thought by the committee that
perhaps by a strict construction of the law this
bell, as a casting, might possibly come within
the general description of casts that are per-
mitted to come in free for religious, benevo-
lent, and literary institutes; or, if not under
that, that under the general term of " instru-
ments" for the benefit of such institutions it
might come in free. But, as I said before,
under a strict construction of the law, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury has determined that it
cannot be received free of duty. This has
thrown upon these petitioners the necessity of
applying to Congress for thy relief which they
now pray. There was a case occurred in the
last Congress, where relief was extended, that
seems to the committee to involve not at any
rate more equity than this, but the same princi-
ple upon which they would extend relief in this
case. It was a case where there had been a
stature or a group of statuary presented to the
city of New York for their Central Park. It
did not come literally and strictly within the
provisions of the law, yet the Committee of
Ways and Means of the last Congress reported
in favor of remitting the duties on an object of
art introduced for the public benefit, and Con-
gress, acting upon the merits of the case, at onco
passed the bill. In that case, as in this, the
article was a gift. ji
The joint resolution of March 26, 1807, pro- ij
vides : ii
"Thatfrom andafterthepassapreofthisjointreso- lj
lution any object of art imported by any individual },
or association of individuals for presentation, as a '
gift, to the United States Government, or to any State,
county, or municipal government, shall be admitted
free of duty, under such rules and regulations as the
Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe.''
_ What led to the passage of this joint resolu-
tion was the presentation of statuary to the city
of New York for the Central Park. Now
whatp/er considerations of equity apply in a
eafie of that kind apply, we think, with equal
fierce to this ease ; for,' although here the arti-
'cle was not imported as a gift to the 'United
States or a State or a municipal corporation,
it has been imported as a gift to a literary in-
stitution—a Catholic college in Indiana. And,
if the merits of the institution are to be consid-
ered, I may say that almost all the Sisters con-
nected with this college left it during .the war
for the purpose of going South to nurse our
sick and wounded soldiers; and thus the busi-
ness of the institution was during the war
almost suspended. I do not know I ought to
occupy the House any further than by stating
the case that is before them is one, in the
opinion of the committee, carrying merit in
itself independent of law, and one which is
admitted ought by liberal construction of law
to be relieved from this burden. I will read
the general provision for the information of the
House:
"All books, maps, charts, mathematical, nautical
instruments, philosophical apparatus, and all other
articles whatever, imported lor the useol'theUnited
States; all philosophical apparatus, instruments,
books, maps,and charts, statues, btatuary, busts, and
casts of marble, bronze, alabaster, or pi aster of Paris;
paintings and drawings, etchings, specimens of sculp-
ture* cabinets of coins, medals, regalia, gems, and all
collections of antiquities: Provided, The same be spe-
cially imported, in good faith, for the use of anv
society incorporated or established for philosophical,
literary, or religious purposes, or for the eneouiage-
ment of the tine arts, or for the use or by the order of
any college, academy school, or seminary of learning
in the United States." >
Here is an importation, a gift for a seminary,
but it happens to be a bell instead of an instru-
ment of some other kind, and the Secretary
doubted whether a bell came within the letter
of the law, though it is admitted on all hands
it came within its spirit.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider bo laid
on the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to,
EXEMPTION FROM TAX.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported back the amend-
ments of the Senate to House bill No. 900, to
exempt certain manufactures from internal
tax, and moved that the bill and amendments
and accompanying report be printed, so as to
get them up to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
Agreeably to order, at one o'clock p. m., the
House resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole, (Mr. Wasiibtjrne, of Illinois, in the
chair.) and proceeded to the bar of the Senate.
At twenty-five minutes before four o'clock
p. m. the Committee of the Whole returned to
the Hall, and the Speaker having resumed the
chair,
Sir. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, said: As
chairman of the Committee of the Whole I
have to report that the committee have, accord-
ing to order, attended the trial by the Senate
of the impeachment of Andrew Johnson. Presi-
dent of the United States; that the replication
of the managers of the House was presented in
their presence ; that progress was made in the
trial; and that the Senate sitting for the said
trial adjourned to meet on Monday next, the
30th instant, at one o'clock.
ASSISTANT SEOlliiTAIlY COOPEE.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury:
Sib: In response to the resolution oftto House of
Representatives directing theScereta-ryQ* Areas
