2082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24
J
ury to inform the House whether Edmund Cooper is
now pcrtormmg the duties of Assistant Secretary of
the .treasury, or has been at any time since the re-
j oction of his nomination by the Senate of the United
States, and if so, by what authority of law, I have
t* r  L that Mr. Cooper was on the 2d day
or JJecember last, in consequence of a vacancy caused
by the resignation of W. li. Chandler, Esq., author-
I^1e"tope:rform the duties of Assistant Secretary of
the Treasury, in pursuance of the act of Congress ap-
proved February 13,1795, and thathe has continued
e duties of that office from the time
when he wasso authorized to the present, the period
(or which the vacancy may by law be thus supplied
not having yet expired.
I deem it proper to add that the action of tho Pres-
ident m this regard is in accordance with many pre-
cedents which have arisen in this Department both
before and since the passage of tho act of February
20,1863, the constant understanding having been that
the act of 1795 had not been repealed by tnatof 1863,
butstill remained in full force. The casoof Maunsell
Is. Field, Esq., is especially deserving of attention as
being in all material respects similar to that of Mr.
Cooper. Mr. Field was on the 1st day of October,
1863. authorized by President Lincoln, at the request
of Mr. Secretary Chase, to perform the duties of As-
sistant Secretary of the Treasury during tho absence
of George Harrington, Esq., at that time tho incum-
bent of the place. Mr. Field not being an officer of
either of the Executive Departments "whose ap-
pointment is vested in the President." He performed
the duties of the office from the timo he was so au-
thorized until the 18th of March. 1864.
I am, very respectfully, II. MCCULLOCH,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax,
Sneaker House of liepreecntatives.
On motion of Mr. SCIIENCK, the communi-
cation was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
FRAUDS IN PRINTING CURRENCY.
The SPEAKER also laid before tlie House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, in compliance with a resolution of
the House of the 17th instant, in regard to
the regulations for the detection of frauds in
the printing of postal and fractional currency;
which was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
GOVERNMENT LANDS IN SOUTH CAROLINA.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a resolution of the constitutional convention
of South Carolina approving the petition of
certain citizens of South Carolina relative to
certain lands belonging to the Government;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands.
EXEMPTION PROM TAX AGAIN.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, just before
the House went into the Committee of the Whole
and proceeded to the Seriate I had the floor
for the purpose of reporting a bill from the
Committee of Ways and Means, and, not antici-
pating that we should return so soon I con-
sented that tho bill which I was then prepared
to report for the relief of certain manufac-
turers from taxes should be printed with the
amendments of the Senate and the further
amendments of the House. On that account
I am not prepared to go on with tho consider-
ation of the bill to-day. I am willing to yield
the floor for the accommodation of gentlemen
who may desire to present other matters, with
the understanding that the committee may
have the floor to-morrow morning.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. What is the regular
order ?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour, to
which the Committee of Ways and Means are
entitled.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. How much of the
hour remains ?
The SPEAKER. Fifty minutes. _
Mr. SCHENCK. If my suggestion is not
agreeable to gentlemen, I will move to adjourn
now, and go on to-morrow with this bill. Or
if the bill can be taken up while it is at the
printer's I am willing to do that. But I sup-
pose that is not practicable.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I will yield to my
colleague, [Mr. Garfield.]
IOWA WAR. CLAIMS.
Mr. GARFIELD. There is a report from
the commissioners appointed to examine into
the war claims of the State ot Iowa, which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
together with all the testimony and vouchers in
the ease. They are all in the hands of tho com-
mittee. The report itself will occupy only about
ten or fifteen pages. I ask that it be printed and
recommitted to the committee.
By unanimous consent the report was ac-
cordingly ordered to be printed and recommit-
ted to the Committee on Military Affairs.
harper's perry.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask unanimous con-
sto report back from the Committee on
Mmtary Affairs Senate bill No. 186, provid-
ing for the sale of the lands, tenements, and
water privileges belonging to the United States
at and near Harper's Ferry, in the county of
Jefferson, West Virginia.
Tho bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of Warto advertise and sell by public auction
the lands, tenements, and water privileges be-
longing to the United States at and near Har-
per's Ferry, except as hereinafter provided, in
such parcels as shall, in his opinion, be best
adapted to secure the greatest amount of money
therefor, on a credit of one and two years,
taking bonds of security from the purchasers,
the proceeds to be applied as follows: 1. In
defraying the expenses of making such sale.
2. In refunding to the United States the prin-
cipal sum of purchase money paid for said
lands, tenements, and water privileges by the
United States and for the erection of buildings
thereon, 3. If any surplus remains he shall
deliver the same to such agent as the Lcgisla
ture of the State of West Virginia shall appoint
to receive the same, but upon condition that
such surplu-s shall be received by the State of
West Virginia to be set apart, held, invested,
used, and applied as a part of the school fund
of that State, as provided in the tenth article
of the constitution of West Virginia and for no
other purpose. And on making such sale of
tho property, or any part thereof, the Secretary
of War is required, on receiving tho purchase-
money. to execute all the necessary deeds to the
purchasers on behalf of the United Slates.
Section two directs the Secretary of War to
convey by deed to Stover College, in West
Virginia, certain portions of tho aforesaid
property heretofore assigned by the War De-
partments the Bureau of Refugees, Freednien,
and Abandoned Lands, for educational pur-
poses, and all such portions as have heretofore
been set apart by proper authority for religious
and charilabie purposes.
Mr. WASHBUIINE, of Illinois. I object
to that bill.
Mr. GARFIELD. I thought the bill was
before the House.
The SPEAKER. It was not. It was merely
read for information.
ill*. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object
to the provisions of this bill. If members have
attended to tho reading of tho bill they will
see that instead of this money corning into the
Treasury, to be appropriated by us in various
ways as we may sec fit, this bill makes an ap-
propriation of a certain amount of it to be
determined on by parties over whom wo have
no control.
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman can move
an amendment.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I cannot
move such an amendment as I want to now.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I think that the bill in
this form would be an economical measure,
because under it there will be somebody inter-
ested in having the property bid for and sold
at a price something near what it is worth. I
think that if it should be passed in this shape,
West Virginia would perhaps be interested in
seeing that the property is bid up high enough
to cover the United States claim so that they
may get something for themselves.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not before the
House.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope the gentleman
from Illinois will withdraw his objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir;
I object.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is the objection of one
member sufficient to defeat the reception of
the bill ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is it not a report from
the Committee on Military Affairs?
The SPEAKER. It is; but that committee
is not now called for reports.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that the bill be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills sicned.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
committee had examined and found truly en-
rolled an act (S. No. 350) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to provide for the prompt settle-
ment of public accounts," approved March 3,
1817 ; and an act (H. R. No. 832) making appro-
priations for the service of the Post Office De-
partment during the fiscal year ending June 30,
18G9 ; when the Speaker signed the same.
title to indian lands.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Jicsolvcd, That tho Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire and report whether public
lauds sold under treaties with Indian tribes arc held
by a valid title, and whether such lands can be soid
except in pursuance of a law duly enacted b> Con-
gross.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
marine fortifications.
Mr. IIIGBY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce the concurrent reso-
lutions, which I send to the Clerk's desk, for
the purpose of reference to the joint select
Committee on Ordnance.
The Clerk read the resolutions, as follows:
Jicsolvcd, <£x.t That the Secretary of War be directed
to advertiso not less than thirty days ior proposals to
ascertain tliecost of constructing one of iiyan Hitch-
cock's revolv ing iron forts at the entrance to the bay
of the city of New York.
And be it further resolved, &c., That the Secretary
of War and tho Secretary of the Navy be directed to
oiffanize a buaid, consisting of the General of the
Army and tho Admiral or vice admiral of the Navy,
to inquire into tl'e utility and practicability of the
Ryan Hitchcock mode of marine tortitication, wilh
authority to mako such experiments as they may
deem proper.^
Mr. ROSS. I object. We have got guns
enough.
bridge across tiie mississippi.
Mr. PILE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. 900) authorizing the
construction of a bridge across the Mississippi
river in Madison county, Illinois; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
captain george wright.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Commerce, reported a joint
resolution (II. R. No. 246) directing the Secre-
tary of State to present George Wright, master
of the British brig J. & G. Wright, a gold
chronometer, in appreciation of his personal
services in saving the lives of three American
seamen wrecked at sea on board of the Amer-
ican schooner Lizzie F. Choate, of Massachu-
setts ; which was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution directs the Secretary of
State to cause to be procured and presented to
George^ Wright, master of the British brig J.
& G. Wright, of St. John's, New Brunswick, a
gold chronometer, in token of the appreciation
by the Government of the United States of his
humane and successful efforts in rescuing from
death three American seamen on board the
wreck of the American schooner Lizzie F.
Choate, of Gloucester, Massachusetts, wrecked
at sea on tho 14th of February, 186S.
Mr. ELIOT. I will simply state in regard
to^ this joint resolution that from the evidence
laid before the committee they were satisfied
