4130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
being in deep gloom over the death of Colonel
Ellsworth, the contestant says :
"We do not know what portion of the'loyal coun-
try ' is in deep gloom over the death of Colonel Ells-
worth, or whether he was in truth a brave man or
the contrary; nor do we know that Jackson, who
slew him, was a rebel and traitor; but thero is ono
thing we are assured of—he met a merited doom. He
had no business, with a squall of armed Zouaves at
his heels, to rush into Jackson's house before day,
ascend to the roof of it, and tear down and attempt
to carry away his secession flag. It was Jackson's
piivate property, and was on his own house, and its
being there wasnoneof ColonelEllsworth'sbusiness.
Jackson did right in shooting him down for disturb-
ing it; and our only regret is, that Brownoll, who,
from his looks, we have no doubt is a thief, was not
also shot."
Extracts of a similar character I might mul-
tiply at great length ; but it is riot necessary,
neither will my time permit. These are suffi-
cient to showtothe Housennd the country what
loyalty means as defined by the contestant and
liis party friends. With few exceptions, no
other kind has ever manifested itself in Boone
and Callaway.
Here, Mr. Speaker, comes in a bit of history
in connection with this branch of the subject.
The contestant was a slaveholder at the break-
ing out of the rebellion and continued to hold
slaves up to the time the .Radicals of the State
abolished the-institution. At the first session
of the Thirty-Eighth Congress a law was passed
authorizing the enlistment of colored troops.
It provided for the payment of $800 for each
slave enlisted and belonging to a loyal owner.
Some of the slaves of the contestant enlisted.
President Johnson appointed a commission
to audit the claims and pass upon the loyalty
of the claimants. The contestant prosecuted
his claim, which was rejected because of his
antecedents. The record I have here detailed
came up in judgment against him and was fatal.
The commission was unable to understand how
a resolve to fight with the enemy, a proclamation
to those whom patriotism impelled to share in
the strife "to take up their beds and walk
fast," and rejoicing at the death of one of the
bravest sons of the Bepublic, could be recon-
ciled with true loyalty. I have before me a
letter from the president of the commission,
which I will ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Washington, D. C„ April 10, !Sfi8.
Dear Sir: In reply to your inquiries of this date I
can say, that in the winter of I860 and 1867 Mr. William
1\ Switzler, of Columbia, Boone county, Missouri, filed
before the commission for the State of Missouri,
which was then engaged in examining claims for
slaves enlisted in the Union Army under the act of
1861, a claim for slaves owned by him. The question
of Mr. Sivitzler's loyalty was considered by tlio com-
mission, and it was unanimously decided that Mr.
Switzler's record showed him to bo a disloyal man
and not entitled to recover. Major John L. Bettin-
ger, of St. Joseph, Missouri, and Judge Kotwell
Marsh, of Steubenville, Ohio, were tho other mem-
bers of tho commission of which I was president.
I am, colouel, most truly, yours,
JAMES G. MILLS.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It affords me no pleasure,
Mr. Speaker, in parading so dark a page of the
history of Missouri before the House and the
country. Would that oblivion could cover it.
1 regret extremely to be obliged to confess to
so loose a morality as permits a whole com-
munity to entirely disregard the laws of Cod
and man. But more especially do I regret
that any of her public men should make them-
selves liable to he thus held up to public gaze.
But from such a record there is no escape.
It will pursue them like the shadow of Nemesis.
In the case of the lower classes it may be
overlooked and forgotten, but never with the
leaders,
" flic bolt that strikes the towering cedar dead,
Oft passes harmless o'er the hazel's head."
The whole issue, Mr. Speaker, is narrowed
down to the simple question, What is loyalty?
If we are ready to define it as the contestant
has defined it, then he is elected beyond a
doubt, and Callaway is loyal and has ever been
so. If you define it as the contestant has
defined it, the thousands whom you sent forth
to be " welcomed with bloody hands to hos-
pitable graves," " met a merited doom." But
such is not the loyalty of the Radicals of Mis-
souri. They have professed and acted upon a
loyalty involving principles antagonistic to and
inconsistent with such utterances. They have
given it an entirely different definition in their
constitution in its application to voters. He
who "has ever by act or word manifested his
adherence to the cause of tho enemy" or "his
sympathy with those engaged in exciting or
carrying on rebellion against the United
States," is not loyal according to that instru-
ment, and therefore not a legal voter. Let tho
House judge between ns.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have done. 1 have
endeavored to show, and think I have shown,
that the vote of Callaway ought not to be
countcd. I admit the intensity of my feelings
on this question, for I know tho effect of its
decision on the future of the State. The truly
loyal struggled as none others struggled to
maintain your authority and preserve Missouri
to the Union. Tho blood of her sons has been
poured out without stint, and their valor has
been attested on every battle-field. She has
been foremost in all tho reforms that have
characterized and shed luster on the age in
which we live. The Radicals have the ascend-
cncy in every department of the State govern-
ment, and the future prosperity of tho State
depends on their ability to maintain it. During
the war she was devastated and laid waste from
center to circumference. Under the invigor-
ating influence of Radical rule she has arisen
like a Phoenix, and her waste places have been
built up until scarely a trace of the war remains.
They have sped her on to greatness and pros-
perity witli rapid strides. They have made her
a home sacred to loyalty and freedom. They
intend she shall remain as such. With such a
record, animated by such a purpose, and strug-
gling in such a cause, will you assist the enemy
in accomplishing by fraud what they failed to
accomplish in open fight? You will not do it.
In the name of the living thousands who bore
your flag and are ready to bear it again, I
ask you not to do it. In the name of the
"Veteran hearts that were wasted
In strife with the storm when your battles were
won,"
I entreat you to spare us the infliction. In
the name of that liberty for which we periled
all, suffer us not to be again enslaved. We
established it. We can defend it with our own
strong arms. Will you permit us do so?
1 now yield to the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If the contestant
desires to be heard it is not my purpose to pre-
vent him, but I think this House in obedience
to the decision made in several other cases
should have the charges which have been pre-
sented by the gentleman from Missouri exam-
ined by the committee. Tho question which
he has presented is one which seems not to
have entered into this case in the examination
heretofore given it by the Committee of Elec-
tions ; and 1 am also informed if this question
now raised shall be sent to the committee for
the investigation, it can also be shown a suffi-
cient number of persons cast their votes for
the contestant who were actually disquali-
fied by the laws of Missouri to overbalance the
majority of the county of Callaway. There-
fore for the purpose of followingthe precedents
the House has already established, and in order
that this new feature of the case may be exam-
ined by the committee, I move that the case be
recommitted to the Committee of Elections,
with instructions to the committee to examine
into the charges made against the contestant
by the gentleman from Missouri who has just
concluded his remarks, and to report thereon
to the House, with leave to send for persons and
papers ; and in order to test the sense of the
House I call for the previous question.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman from
Iowa to withdraw the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. For a moment.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Iowa
means to do right; and when he knows what
the right is he is as anxious to do it as any-
body. I do not know what is the wish of the
contestant, but I know the gentleman from
Iowa does not desire to be put in the attitude
the record will show he isput in by this motion.
By the law of the United States these parries
were required, within sixty days of the time
when the commission was issued to one or^the
other, to state upon paper clearly and particu-
larly, each one of them, the grounds of their
accusation against the right of the other to
hold his seat. They have done it, Mr. Speaker,
and the sitting member has made no charge
in the papers against the loyalty of this con-
testant. He took not a particle of testimony
touching the loyalty of this contestant. He
was heard before the committee at length, and
at his pleasure, and at the end in response to
the inquiry of the committee he stated he had
no charge to make against the loyalty of this
contestant.
Now, Mr. Speaker, at the end of three
months and more after the close of this hear-
ing and this report the gentleman from Mis-
souri who has just taken his seat has brought
into this House what he calls evidence against
the loyalty of this contestant, nottaken accord-
ing to the forms of the law, having no verifi-
cation except the honor of the gentleman from
Missouri, which I admit is as good as that of
any gentleman. If this goes back to the com-
mittee there are no pleadings under the stat-
ute upon which this charge can be made. The
gentleman from Missouri has, without the
slightest hesitation, and I think without frank-
ness—I have no doubt lie thought it perfectly
fair—produced here without notice to any-
body, taken without any sworn verification
letters that have been written to him or some
friend within a few weeks, and read them here
as testimony against the loyalty of this contest-
ant, and thereupon, at a given signal, he yields
the floor to my estimable friend from iowa,
who moves this be recommitted to the commit-
tee to examine in to the loyalty of the contestant,
and calls the previous question upon, that
motion.
I have no desire myself to be heard. I did
notintendto be heard upon this question. The
state of the thermometer and my own strength,
as well as the patience of the House, forbid
it. But I submit to my friend from Iowa that
it is hardly fair for him to make this motion
until the contestant himself has been heard.
When he shall be heard upon this question, if
the gentleman from Iowa shall feel it his duty
then to move to recommit this case for the
purpose indicated, 1, for one, shall have no
word to say. But there is a right and a wrong
in the mode of proceeding npon this floor, and
nobody would be less disposed to depart from
it than my friend. Now, although he intimated
in the beginning of hisremarksthat he did not
know what was the purpose of the contestant,
1 submit that before insisting upon this motion
he should see whether this contestant, brought
up here after the sitting member has declared
before the committee that he has no charge to
make against his loyalty, has anything to say
upon this now evidence brought up here at this
time.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It does seem to
me, after the statement I made, that the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts purposely puts me
in a wrong position. He certainly could not
have understood iny position, which was that
it was not my intention to cut off the contest-
ant if he desired to be heard.
Mr. DAWES. I did not hear any such remark
as that. I thought it was hardly possible for
the gentleman, knowing him as I did, to enter-
tain any such idea.
i °f Iowa. If the gentleman
had heard what other members around me did
it would have saved him the trouble of deliver-
ing a lecture to me. Now, sir, lie lias made pre-
cisely the arguinent which supports my motion,
and that is that the question of the loyalty of
the contestant was not examined into by ihe
committee at all. The case upon discussion in
