SUPPLEMENT TO
In the one case you would give time where
no. danger might arise from doing so; but in
this case danger to the people might arise, and
hence the same reasoning does not operate in
this that does in the case of an ordinary crim-
inal; and we here enter our protest-against
any extension of time whatever in this case.
What wife desire is that the replication of the
Managers may be filed to-morrow atone o' elock,
and then we may be permitted to state our
case to the Senate acting as a court of im-
peachment, and that we may follow it up with
the evidence, and that the counsel for the re-
spondent may then state their defense and pro-
duce their evidence, and that on the issue thus
made the court may decide as to the guilt or
innocence of the party accused.
This is what we ask, and this is what we have
a right to expect. I presume no man will
doubt that if an application of this kind were
made to a court at law, the inquiry would be:
"Have you issued your subpoenas; have you
attempted to get your witnesses; have you at-
tempted to make any preparation to try the
cause?" And if the counsel would answer that
they had made no preparation whatever; that
they had issued no subpoenas; had made no
attempt to procure witnesses or get ready for
the trial of the cause, but merely desired time
for thought and reflection, the application would
certainly be denied. And against the granting
of this, not made upon the oath of any person,
not signed by the President, and merely intended
for the benefit of counsel, we, the Managers,
in the name of the House of Representatives
and the whole people of this Republic, do most
solemnly protest.
Mr. EVARTS. Mr. President, I may be
allowed very briefly to call the attention of this
honorable court to the attitude of the cause
before them, as we conceive it lo be. Other
courts, except such as are called for a special
trial upon a special and limited authority, have
established regulations guarding the rights of
defendants, either in civil or in criminal pros-
ecutions, with established terms of court and
well recognized and understood habits of the
conduct of judicial business. In our estimate
of the course of this proceeding before this
honorable court we have not yet arrived at a
time when it was the duty of counsel or was at
the charge of" the accused to know or consider
what the issues were upon which he was to
prepare on his side or expect on the other the
production of proofs. Beyond that, we feel
no occasion to present by affidavit to this hon-
orable court a matter so completely within its
cognizance that our time to plead was fixed so
as to offer us but eight working days for that
duty of counsel.
Obedientto the orders of the court, observant,
as we propose at all times to be, of that public
necessity and duty which require on the part
of the President of the United States and his
counsel, not less than on the part of the House
of Representatives and its Managers, that dili-
gence should be used, and that we his counsel
should be withdrawn from all other professional
or personal avocations, we yet cannot recog-
nize in the presence of this court that that is
an answer to an application for reasonable
time to consider and prepare, to subpcena and
produce, in all things to arrange and in all
things to be ready, for the actual procedure of
the trial. Nor, with great respect to the hon-
orable Managers in this great, procedure, do
we esteem it a sufficient answer to our desire
to be relieved from undue pressure of haste
upon our part that equal pressure of haste may
have been used on the other. We do not so
understand the question of the just and orderly
protection of public interests as that this com-
pensation for haste required from the defend-
ant may be demanded by equal haste being
necessary on the part of the prosecution.
But, beyond this, the honorable Managers
give us more professional credit than we are
entitled to when they assume to say that our
standard of our duty and our means and our
needs for properly performing it are necessarily
to be measured by theirs. Nor do they suffi-
ciently attend, as I say with great respect, to
the position of the accused and his counsel in
reference to the preparation,of a defense with
that which is occupied by the Mauagers and
by the House of Representatives in reference
to the explorations and the provision and the
preparation of the accusation and of its evi-
dence ; for during a very considerable period;
with the coercive power of summoning wit-
nesses and! calling for papers which rightfully
belongs to the House of Representatives, all
this matter upon the one side a,nd the other, to
a certain extent, may have been actually ex-
plored by them, and, as is known, to a very
great extent, certainly has been.
Now, if this honorable court will give the
counsel for the President of the United States
due respect in regard to the position in which we
present ourselves, due respect to our state-
ment, it will understand that up to this time
the consideration of the degree and measure,
of the means and occasions, for proof has not
yet possibly received our practical and respon-
sible attention, and that within the limits of
this accusation, unless it shall be narrowed
more than we expect by the replication to be
filed, there may be, there must b*e, a very con
siderable range of subjects and a very consid
erable variety of practical considerations that
will need to come under the responsible judg-
ment and for the responsible action of counsel.
It would seem to me that we are placed thus
far in the attitude of a defendant in a civil or
in a public prosecution who upon the issue
joined desires time to prepare for trial. The
ordinary course in such a case is that as mat-
ter of right, as matter of absolute and univer-
sal custom, one is not required or expected to
give aiiy cause of actual obstruction aud diffi-
culty in reference to a continuance to what is
the term of the court, doubtless in most cases
to occur within a brief period after the issue is
joined. This court having no such arrange-
ment and no such possible arrangement of its
affairs in advance, we are obliged at each stage
of regular proceeding to ask your attention as
to what you will_ provide and consider in the
particular ease is, according to the general
nature of the procedure and the understood
attitude of both parties to it, a just and reason-
able proposition to be made by us as to the
time that should be allowed for the prepara-
tion in all respects for this trial after the issue
shall have been joined. We do not ask any
more time than in the interest of justice and
duty under the actual circumstances of this
case should be given to the poorest man in the
country. The measure of justice and of duty
has no respect whatever to poverty or station.
The actual nature of the proceeding, the actual
circumstances of the case are to furnish the
rule for the exercise of whatever falls within
the discretion of the court. If during the trial,
on the part of the Managers, it should appear
that, by accident or by any other just excuse,
the attendance of a proper witness on then-
part was required, it would be the duty of this
court, in the administration of justice, to allow
proper time and delay for the production of
the witness. And so, upon our part, if, fore-
seen or unforeseen, such an occasion should
arise, itwould be a necessary duty of the court
to take it into consideration and provide for it
as the occasion .a^-ftse. The proposition that
we now make to the court, and, unless there is
to be adeparture from the general habit of all
courts in such a predicament of a procedure,
what we expect their action according to and
upon is this: that after issue joined we should
have_ a reasonable time before we should be
considered as bound to be in the condition of
preparation for the proceeding in the cause.
Mr. Manager WILSON. Mr. President and
Senators, the Managers on the part of the
House of Representatives have determined, so
far as may lie in their power, that this case
shall not be taken out of the line of the prece-
dents ; therefore .it is that we will resist all
applications for unreasonable delay. The
counsel for the respondent who has just taken
his seat might well, in -view' of the remarks
which he submitted, have waited until issue
joined before presenting this motion ; but it is
here, a,ndwe are prepared here and now to
take the motion as we find it, and deal with it
as its form and merit of substance require.
It will be remembered that the first step
taken by the counsel for the respondent on the
13th instant was in violation of the precedent
established by the cases which have been tried
by the Senate of the United States. Looking
into the case of Judge Chase, we find that on
the return day of the summons he appeared
and made application for time to answer; but
he did not stop at this; he coupled with his
motion for time to answer a request for time
to prepare for his trial. He supported his appli-
cation by his solemn affidavit stating that he
could not possibly prepare his case for trial
before the 5th day of the succeeding March,
and therefore he asked an allowance of time
for preparation for trial until the commence-
ment of the next session of Congress, as the
then session would expire on the 4th day of
that month.
_ In his application he disclosed the necessi-
ties inducing his request among which were
the distances lying between the capital and
the places where he was to ascertain the facts
and circumstances necessary for his defense
and to find the_ witnesses to support it. After
due consideration the Senate overruled his ap-
plication and required him to answer on the
4th day of the succeeding February, thus allow-
ing him, both for answer and preparation, thirty
days instead of eleven months, as prayed for
in his motion. And what was the result in
that case? Why, that on the 1st day of March
succeeding, four days before the time which
he stated in his affidavit would be required for
him to prepare for trial, the cause had been
tried on such perfect preparation, that it re-
sulted in the acquittal of the respondent. The
Senate judged better than he of the difficulties
of his case and of the time required to overcome
them. So in the case of Judge Peck, when he
appeared on the return day of the writ, it having
been served on him but three days prior to the
return, he made his joint application for time
to answer and time to prepare for trial, and
supported it by his solemn affidavit. He was
granted the time he desired to prepare his
answer when, by an adjournment of Congress,
his case went over for trial until the next ses-
sion.
But we have had no such course pursued in
this case. On the return day of the summons,
notwithstanding the rule of the Senate required
on that day and at that time the filing of the
answer, we were met first with an application
for forty days' leave in which to prepare an
answer. The honorable Senate allowed ten
days; and now, at the expiration of that time,
we find a most elaborate answer presented by
the counsel for the respondent; and in it is
embodied the strongest argument against any
delay in this case that has come from any
source or is known to any person; and that is,
that the respondent, by his answer, affirms as
lying within his_rightful powers under the Con-
stitution, the right to do the very acts which
we have charged against him at the bar of this
Senate as criminal acts, and persists in his
defiance of the laws and in the wickedness of
the course which the Representatives of the
people have challenged. That might not be a
weighty consideration in an ordinary case. It
might not weigh much if, instead of the present
respondent, we had some other officer of the
Government charged at the bar of the Senate
with the offenses enumerated in the articles to
which he has this day answered.
But in this case it is of weight, and should
have due consideration. Why is it of weight?
Because the respondent has devolved on him
not only the duty which rests upon the citizen
to obey the law, but also the higher duty to
execute the law, and is clothed by the Consti-
tution of the country with the whole executive
power of the nation, that he maybe enabled to
discharge faithfully the duty thus imposed.
He has not, in the judgment of the House of
