1058
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
exchanging them for our bonds pay the debt?
Does it not still leave the greenbacks in exist-
ence to be paid? Is it not only exchanging
one obligation for another? Suppose I owe a
man $100 and am not able to pay him, if I
give him my note for it does that pay the debt?
Does it not still leave the note to be paid? So
that issuing greenbacks for the payment of the
debt, according to this new Democratic inven-
tion, when properly understood, is no pay-
ment at all. It is simply changing our debt from
bonds into greenbacks. In other wordsj it is
taking the load off one shoulder and putting it
on the other. Let me ask them still further to
explain how much they have really gained for
the country when they get all the greenbacks
issued and exchanged for our bonds. If we
expect to act honestly with our creditors we
must redeem these greenbacks which we have
given them—for they are nothing more nor less
than the promises of the Government to pay,
the same as the notes of any individual. The
question then comes up, how will we redeem
them? We cannot pay them by issuing more
greenbacks. Then, how will we pay them?
We can only pay them in gold or silver. The
question then is, where will we get our gold
and silver? We cannot make it like we make
greenbacks. We must, then, either borrowit
or levy a tax upon the people and raise it in
that way. If we borrow we have to pay the
debt—and I fear that if we once set the prece-
dent of paying our debts so easily by set-
ting our greenback mill to grinding that our
credit will not be in very good condition to
borrow—so that the gold and silver must really
come from the people at last by a direct tax.
•I am thoroughly satisfied, however, if our
people ever become so far demoralized as to
really issue enough greenbacks to pay off our
whole debt, that 110 tax will ever be levied to
redeem them. A people that will not stand a
reasonable tax to pay an honest debt in a proper
aud legitimate way will never suffer themselves
to be taxed to pay the debt in any way,.but will
repudiate it, and that, in my judgment, is not
only the desire but the real intention of many
Democratic leaders if they can but carry the
next elections. They opposed 'he prosecution
of the war for the salvation of the country,
which created the debt, and they will, 1 believe,
if they should'get into power, oppose any tax to
pay it. What, then, is'gamed by paying off the
bonds in greenbacks? Some Democrat may
answer, we save the interest on the debt. If
we do we do it by depreciating our money at
least threefold, which would impose upon the
country a loss ten times as great as the benefit
gained. Letme askthem, as individuals, when
they owe an honest debt and are not able to pay
it when due, are they not willing to pay a rea-
sonable interest to their creditor if he will
give them time ? If they are, then why are they
not willing for the Government, as it is not
able to pay its debt, to pay its creditors a rea-
oAnohlo interest for theirindulgence ? Is there
sonable interest for theirindnlgence
any difference in principle? _ If one is honest
is not the other? If one is dishonest is not the
other equally so? .
Another advantage to be gamed, they say,
is, that it makes money plenty, and thereby
relieves the country. The mere fact of issu-
ing xaofiej will not relieve the country as much
as many suppose. What the country needs
most is a good crop. Suppose there were
£500,000,000 in greenbacks issued by the bec-
retary of the Treasury and paid out to-day,
how would the people in those parts ot the
country where their crops last year were an
entire failure be benefited by the issue of the
money? These men could only get hold ot
that money by working for it at so much per
day or month or by exchanging their pro-
ducts for it. The great trouble throughout
the West is, we have no products to exchange.
It is that, principally, that makes toe money
so scarce, and not for the want of money ui
the country. I admit that Secretary McCul-
loch's contractions* took considerable money
from the country, and when that amount is
restored back the people will find that they
will have about enough—which I think this
Congress will manage to do. It is not so much
for the want of money in the country that
seems to make it so scarce, but it is because it
is so unequally distributed. It is collected
and held at the great money centers like New
York, Philadelphia, Boston, and other large
eastern cities. Some may ask why it collects
at those centers and does not distribute over
the country. The answer is easy and plain.
First, because most of the national banks are
located East, and they naturally draw the
money to them. Second, our wealthy men
principally live at these great centers, and
they are like the mariner upon the ocean,
when the storm-cloud is gathering he seeks
the harbor where his vessel will be sheltered
and ride the storm in safety. So with these
capitalists; seeing a great financial storm
brewing over the country, _ by reason of a
failure of crops and the action of the Demo-
cratic party in attacking the national securi-
ties, they have withdrawn their means from
all kinds of business as fast as possible, and
have collected the same in tliese great commer-
cial harbors until the storm passes.
When that is done, and they find that they
can again resume business without any danger,
aud the country is supplied with a bountiful
crop, you will find that money will soon seek
the channels of trade as heretofore, and then
all will be well with the country again. I im-
plore the people, therefore, not to rush blindly
into this new Democratic trap of relieving the
country and the people by the issuing of an
abundance of greenbacks, for fear that they
might be like an old Christian friend of mine
on White river, in my State, (Indiana,) who
was needing rain as badly, if not worse, than
the country needs money. He prayed devoutly
for it and that it might come in abundance.
And sure enough it did come, but in such
quantities that it raised the river so high that
it flooded the country, the waters entirely
covered his corn, and kept it hid from sight
for several days ; so that when the waters sub-
sided his crop, that so much needed a good,
growing shower, was entirely destroyed. He
said that the next time he prayed for rain he
would only pray for as much as he needed. So
with the country; it needs money, but it needs
a good crop worse to exchange for money;
and I think if the people will only trust the
party now in power that they will bo relieved
in due time. There are now financial meas-
ures before Congress, and which her commit-
tees are Tailoring to perfect, which, in my judg-
ment, will be passed, and not only relieve the
country by giving them more money, hut will
stop when they have given enough, and not so
flood the country with it as to utterly ruin its
business interests.
Thegreatsovereign remedy however proposed
by our Democratic friends in order to heal all
our financial and domestic troubles and restore
the country to peace and plenty is to place
them again in power and then all will be well.
That proposition, Mr. Chairman, if we are to
judge the future by the past, is only equaled
by the fable of the wolf and the lamb, when
the wolf insisted that the lamb should open the
door and let him into his house, so that he
might protect him from all harm. Now this
party, for eight consecutive years prior to the
4th day of March, 18G1, had control of this
country, and upon that day they surrendered it
into the hands of the Kepublican party. As they
now insist that they should again be restored
to power for the good of the country, let us see
how they administered it, and in what nice
condition it was in when they handed it over
to the Bepublicans. The Treasury bankrupted
and the national credit destroyed at home and
abroad; without arms, without an Army, and
without a Navy: six States out of the Union,
and formed into a southern confederacy, with
a constitution, a congress, an army, and Jef-
ferson Davis as president, with its capital at
Montgomery, Alabama; the Mississippi river,
the great outlet for the commerce of the North-
west, blockaded and its navigation closed ; all
the
the Government property and forts in _
South, except Sumter and Pensaeola, seized
and in the hands of rebels, and they sur-
rounded with batteries bristling with cannon and
bayonets stolen from the United States Gov-
ernment ; the American flag dishonored and
di<=«raced, and the insult cowardly submitted
to having been fired upon in our own waters
and compelled by force to retire before the
enemy, while floating from the Star of the West,
a vessel laden with provisions to feed Major
Anderson and his starving soldiers then garri-
soning Fort Sumter; the capital of the nation
beleaguered and with scarce power enough
in the Government to inaugurate Abraham.
Lincoln as its President. All this, Mr. Chair-
man, was the work of Democrats, under a
Democratic Administration, many ot whom, a
short time previous to that, occupied seats upon
the Democratic side of this House and m the
other end of this Capitol. And some of them,
even warmed seats in Mr. Buchanan s Cabinet,
and we still find their loss from these Halls be-
wailed by their Democratic friends as a mother
mourns for her first-born. To tear down this
great work of treason, planned by Democratic
architects, superintended by Democratic work-
men, built by Democratic laborers, and de-
fended by Democratic rebel soldiers, and to
again build up and restore this country, it cost
this nation a four years' war, the sacrifice ot
three hundred thousand Union soldiers upon
the altar of their country, over three thousand
millions of treasure, most of which is still hang-
ing like a millstone upon the necks ot the peo-
ple, together with thousands upon thousands 01
maimed and disabled soldiers, who are living
monuments of the great Democratic crime that
drenched this land in blood.
These, Mr. Chairman, are the legacies that
were bequeathed to us and our children by
this Democratic party, tt iih these munificent
gifts we should be satisfied and not ask it to
do more. But since the military power of this
southern Democratic confederacy has been
crushed we again find it hard at work, aud,
with the aid of its great ally, Andrew Johnson,
with all the patronage of this Government that
he can wield, we find them opposing the res-
toration of these scceded States with such con-
stitutional guarantees as would forever prevent
the recurrence of the scenes through which we
havejust passed and prevent the fastening upon
this Government of the rebel debt, payment
for slaves, and the losses sustained by rebels
during the war ; and thus, by their opposition
to this great work of reconstruction, so much
needed to restore and give quiet and repose to
the country, they are strengthening the arm of
treason, making rebels more defiant to our
laws and more hopeful that they may yet mend
their broken fortunes and regain their lost
cause ; stimulating them to the commission of
acts of bloodshed, as in the case^ of the New
Orleans and Memphis riots ; disturbing the
peace and quiet of the land ; making it neces-
sary to keep a large standing army to restore
order and prevent scenes of violence and
outrage upon the innocent and unprotected
within these seceded States, causing needed but
unusual legislation to protect them in the rights
of person aud property, and to furnish them
with food, shelter, and clothing to prevent their
perishing with hunger and cold, thus adding
millions of expense each year to be paid by the
people. We also find them attacking the securi-
ties of the Government, which has destroyed
confidence among our business men, disorgan-
ized our whole financial system, and almost
brought us to the very door of financial ruin.
Thus the Democratic party, which is claiming
so many virtues for itself, is responsible for
having plunged this country into war and then
furnished and encouraged the rebel soldiery that
fought for four years against the flag of their
countryfor the destruction of the Union. Ihold
it, therefore, responsible for all the blood that
has been spilled; for the soldiers that have been
sacrified in defense of their conn try; for the debt
that has been created to maintain it; and for the
stricken and bleeding hearts all over the land.
