1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4131
the House upon the report of the committee
discloses charges by a member of this House
upou the floor, affecting the loyalty of the con-
testant.
Mr. DAWES. If the contestant does not
deoire to be heard I have not a word to say. I
rose in behalf of what I thought was fair deal-
ing, and ihat was to give liim an opportunity
to b<* heard. If my friend had no intention of
cutting him off, then certainly he has no oeea-
fton ti> pay that [ wished to lecture him ; which
was the furthest from my intention, for I know
my friend would do no unfair thing.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I hold it to be the j
duty of this House, in view of the precedents I
established in other cases, when a member I
rises in his place and prefers charges against
the loyalty of a person claiming a seat on this
floor, to direct the Committee of Elections to
examine into those charges; and the fact that
they have been made and have not been determ-
ined upon by the committee is the only sup-
port that my motion needs.
Mr. MARSHALL. Will the gentleman
yield?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I wish to inquire
whether the contestant desires to be heard ?
Mr. POLAND. I moved yesterday that the
contestant be allowed to address the House,
and leave was granted. He only desired to do
so in the contingency that an attack should be
made upon him of which he had heard some
rumor. He does desire to address the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Wilson] has but two minutes remaining
of the hour. Does he intend to move the pre-
vious question, which will cut off the contest-
ant and any member of the House from being
heard.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. That is not my
purpose.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman having
reserved the call for the previous question, the
contestant is now entitled to the floor.
Mr. MARSHALL. 1 would like to know
by what rule I am cut off. Does the previous
question prevail?
The SPEAKER. It does not. The gentle-
man from Iowa said he would not insist upon
it if the contestant desired to speak. He has
not said that he yielded to any other person.
Mr. WILSON", of Iowa. If the contestant
does not desire to speak 1 shall insist on my
motion.
Mr. MARSHALL. I insist in all fairness
that this extraordinary proceeding should not
be upheld at this time without ail opportunity
of some gentleman on this side being heard.
The previous question has not been sustained,
and I know no reason why I should not be
permitted to take the floor in my own right
for a short time.
The SPEAKER. There would be no rea-
son unless the House should second the pre-
vious question, which would cut off all members
of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does the
contestant desire to be heard, either personally
or through some member? If so, I am for
allowing it.
Mr. MARSHALL. I ask to be heard as a
member of the House.
The SPEAKER. In response to the gentle-
man's appeal, made three times, the Chair
will state that the floor is in the possession
of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson*.]
who has distinctly stated that he demands the
previous question unless the contestant desires
to speak.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I yield to the con-
testant.
Mr. MARSHALL. I wish, before I take
my seat, to be understood as protesting against
this outrage upon justice. [Cries ofOrder!
Order!"]
Mr, PILE. I call the gentleman to order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is out of
order.
Mr. SWITZLEli (the contestant) then ad-
dressed the House for an hour and a half. [His
speech will be published in the Appendix.]
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles, whentheSpeakersignedthesame:
An act (II. Ii. No. 1353) for the removal of
certain disabilities from the persons therein
named ; and
An act (H. R. No. 202) to create the office
of surveyor general in the Territory of Utah,
and establish a land office in said Territory
and extend the homestead and preemption
laws over the same.
pension appropriation bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a question of privilege. I submit the following
report: ■
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on ttie amendments to the
bill (II. It. No. 678) making appropriations for the
payment of invalid and other pensions of the United
States for the year ending June 30,186lJ, having met,
afterfuil and free conference, have agreed to recom-
mend, and do recommend, to their respective Houses
as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the first amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the second amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same, with an amendment, as follows: strike
out all of said amendment after the word "laws" in
line eight: and the Seriate agree to the same as so
modified. BENJAMIN K. BUTLER,
WILLIAM LAWRENCE,
Managers oti the part of the House.
L. M. MORRILL.
GEORGE F.EDMUNDS,
T. A. HENDRICKS,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If any
gentleman desires any information in regard
to this report I am ready to give it.
Mr. UPSON. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman whether this bill, as agreed upon by
the committee of conference, allows a pension
in every case where a man has died while in
the military or naval service?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. This bill
has nothing at all to do with that subject, but
is a bill making appropriations for invalid pen-
sions. The only point of disagreement between
the two Houses was in regard to what should
be done with the naval pension fund. We
desired to have that fund put in the Treasury ;
the Senate desired to keep it out. We com-
promised by agreeing that it should remain as
a fund at three per cent, interest in lawful
money, which will yield just about the amount
needed to pay naval pensions; so that it
amounts to about the same thing.
The report of the committee of conference
was then agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the report was
agreed to ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that they
had examined and found truly enrolled a bill
(S. No. 355) authorizing the construction of a
bridge across the Missouri river upon the mili-
tary reservation at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas;
when the Speaker signed the same.
pension' bills.
Mr. PERTIAM, from the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on sundry pension bills of the Senate,
submitted reports, which were agreed to.
in reference to the following bills, the Sen-
ate recede from their disagreement to the
amendments of the House and agree to the
same:
An act (S. No. 3S2) granting an increase of
pension to Obadiah T. Plum:
An act (S. No. 422) granting a pension to
Maria Schweitzer and minor children of Con-
rad Schweitzer, deceased;
An act (S. No. 517) granting a pension to
the widow and children of Henry Brown;
An act (S. No. 518) granting a pension to
the widow and child of John P. Fetly; and
An act (S. No. 521) granting a pension to
the children of William M. Wooten, deceased.
The House recede from their amendment to
the following bill:
An act (S. No. 547) granting a pension to
John Sheets.
The Senate recede from their disagreement
to the amendments of the House to the follow-
ing bills, and agree to the same with amend-
ments, namely :
An act (S. No. 175) for the relief of Joseph
McGhee Cameron and Mary Jane Cameron,
children of La Fayette Cameron, deceased;
An act (S. No. 314) for the relief of George
T. Bricn; and
An act (S. No. 383) granting a pension to
John A. Weed and Elizabeth J. Weed, minor
children of Robert T. Weed, deceased.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the votes
by which the reports of the committee of con-
ference were agreed to; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
election contest switzlek vs. anderson.
The House resumed the consideration of the
report of the Committee of Elections in the
contested-election case of Switzler vs. Ander-
son ; upon which Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, was
entitled to the floor.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. How much time
is there left?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is entitled
to one hour.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If the sitting mem-
ber [Mr. Axdeksox] desires to be heard, I
will yield to him.
Mr. ANDERSON. I would like to have
about thirty minutes.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will yield to the
gentleman for thirty minutes.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the gentleman first
yield five minutes to me?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Very well; I will
do so.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I merely wish to notice
the statements made by the contestant in re-
gard to my record for loyalty in the earlier
stages of the war. He has read here certain
resolutions, or what purports to be resolutions,
and he says they were reported by me as chair-
man of the committee on resolutions to a cer-
tain meeting held in the town of Shelbyville,
the town in which I reside, in 18G1.
Now. I will say right here, in the presence
of this House, and that it may go to the country,
that there is not one word of truth in all that
statement from beginning to end ; jiol one word.
I never participated in a meeting in which such
resolutions were passed. I never was the chair-
man of a committee from which such resolu-
tions were reported. I never voted for such
resolutions, and I never indorsed them from
the beginning of this strife to the end ; and I
cannot but think that the contestant is fully
apprised of the falsity of these charges.
1 am aware that a part of these charges were
made in my district last year, and these ques-
tions came before the board of registration of
my county where they were judicially invest-
igated, witnesses being brought in and test-
ifying under oath. And I happen to have the
record of those proceedings here, which 1 wil:
ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Leonard Dobbin being sworn and examined bj
Hale, testified as follows:
'"I know General Benjamin, and have known Biff
for many years, knew him 111 1861; was present ai
the meeting alluded to; was secretary of themaptinp
and wrote out the proceedings, which were publisnec
in the Shelby County Weekly. I recollect that Mr.
Beniamin spoke at the meeting a few minutes,_no
more than five or ten, and before the resolutions
were introduced. John M. tilover was the prmcipa
speaker. Mr. Benjamin did not report the resolu-
tions nor have anything to do with them ca
him often, before ami after that ?ro0DS
Jackson as a traitor for relusmg to
Do not think lie was present wo en the resolutions
W'-wi!!;Xm 'XIMiitocounty clerk, being sworn,
testified as follows: meeting. Heard the
reso'lutio^smlkedlboat at the time, and oiteij heat<*
