1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3107
it shall read (< or any contract or deed convey-
ing said land," &c,
Mr. ALLISON. There is no objection to
that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 107. And be it further enacted, That no instru-
ment, document, or paper required by law to be
stamped shall be admitted or used as evidence in
any court unless the proper stamp denoting the
amountof tax payable thereon shall have been affixed
thereto and canceled as required by law; nor shall
it be lawful to record any such instrument, docu-
ment, or paper unless a stamp of the proper amount
is affixed thereto and canceled in the manner re-
quired bylaw; and the record of anysuchinstrument,
document, or paper not stamped as aforesaid shall
not be admitted or used as evidence in any court.
And any power of attorney, conveyance, or docu-
ment of any kind, made in any foreign country to be
used in the United States, shall pay the same tax as
is required by law on similar instruments or docu-
ments when made or issued in the United States, and
the person to ■whom the same is issued or by whom
it is to be used shall, before using the same, affix
thereon and cancel the proper stamp for the amount
of tax required.
No amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 108. Andbe it further enacted, That in case any
person shall not have affixed to any instrument the
stamp required by law thereon at the time of mak-
ing or issuing the said instrument, and h6, or any
other person having an interest therein, shall be
desirous of affixing such stamp to said instrument,
or if said instrument be lost, to a copy thereof, he,
or such other person, shall appear before the col-
lector of the proper district, who shall, ujion the
payment of the amount of the stamp required by
law, and of a penalty of fifty dollars, and where the
whole amount of the tax denoted by the stamp
required shall exceed the sum of fifty dollars, on
payment also of interest, at the rate of six per cent,
on said tax from the day on which such stamp ought
to have been affixed, affix the proper stamp to such
instrument or copy and cancel the same, and note
upon the margin thereof the date of his so doing,
and the fact that such penalty has been paid'; and
the same shall thereupon be deemed and held to bo
as valid, to all intents and purposes, as if stamped
when made or issued. But if it shall appear upon
evidence satisfactory to said collector that any such
instrument was not duly stamped at the time of
making or issuing the same, by reason of accident,
mistake, or inadvertence, and without any willful
design to defraud the United States of the tax, or to
evade or delay the payment thereof, then and in such
case, if such instrument, or, if the original be lost, a
copy thereof, duly certified by the officer having
charge of any records in which such original is
required to be recorded, or otherwise duly proven to
the satisfaction of the collector, shall, within six
months after the making or issuing thereof, be
brought to the said collector of revenue to be
stamped, and thestainp taxchargeablo thereon paid,
it shall be lawful for the said collector to remit the
penalty aforesaid, and to affix and cancel the proper
stamp upon such, instrument. And whentheoriginal
instrument, or a certified or duly proved copy thereof,
as aforesaid, thus stamped so as to entitle the same
to be recorded, shall be presented to the clerk, reg-
ister. recorder, or other officer having charge of the
original record it shall be lawful for such officer, upon
the paymentofthe feelegally chargeable for the re-
cording thereof, to make a new record thereof, or to
note upon the original record the faet that the error
or omission in the stamping of said original instru-
ment has been corrected pursuant to law; and the
original instrument, or such certified copy, or the
record therof, may be used in all courts and places
in the same manner and with like effect as if the
instrument had been originally stamped. In any
case where it shall appear that the failure to affix
the stamp required by law on any instrument at the
time of making, signing, or issuing the same was
occasioned by the fact that no collection district was
then established at the place where such instrument
was made, signed, or issued, and that the required
stamp was afterward, and before the 1st day of Janu-
ary, 1869, duly affixed thereto, or to acopy thereof, and
canceled according to the provisions of this section,
the same shall be as valid to all intents arid purposes
as if stamped originally as required by law. But no
right acquired in good faith before the stamping of
any instrument or copy thereof, and the recording
thereof, shall in any manner be affected by such
subsequent stamping.
Mr. SCHENCK. I offer the following
amendment from the Committee of Ways and
Means:
Page 156, line eight, after the word "shall" insert
the words "under regulations to be prescribed by
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPALDING. I offer the following
amendment:
Pase 157, line fifty-one, after the. word "issued."
insert the words: "or when it shall appear that the
pioper stamp was omitted by reason of a commonly
received construction of the act different irom that
finally, and after the lapse of six months irom tile
dato of the instrument, given to it by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, requiring a stamp.
I will explain the object of that amendment.
Where the party executing the instrument
does not at the time of its execution suppose
that a stamp is necessary, and after the lapse
of six months the Commissioner shall decide
that a stamp is necessary, in such a case there
is no possible place left where the evil can be
corrected unless we have an amendment of
this sort adopted. In cases that occur after
six months have elapsed, where a party in
good faith omits to put a stamp but is entirely
willing to do it when he discovers his error
and that the Commissioner requires a particu-
lar stamp, then I want that the party shall
have an opportunity to do it. I suppose there
will be no objection to the amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman refers,
I presume, to eases where the party fails to
put on a stamp through a misconstruction of
the law ?
Mr. SPALDING. Yes, sir. I will state a
case that I know to have occurred. A friend
of mine has issued land contracts and put on,
perhaps, a twenty-five cent, stamp, and has
discovered, after the lapse of six months, that
the Commissioner requires, perhaps, a dollar
stamp. He is willing to put it on, but he has
not the power under the law, and the law, as it
now exists, does not give the power. It is for
a case like that that I propose this amendment.
The Commissioner of Internal Revenue may
not have made his decision until more than
six months after the instrument is made. It is
in reference to a case where the collector him-
self may not suppose that a stamp is required,
or may suppose that a stamp of less value is
required. But after the lapse of six months
he finds, by a decision of the Commissioner,
that a higher stamp is required. Such a case
will not often occur, but when it does occur wo
ought to afford an opportunity to the party,
who is really not in fault, to come in and affix
a stamp.
Mr. SCHENCK. From comparison, I am
satisfied there never was a stamp act before so
liberal in its provisions for inadvertence, inex-
perience, and ignorance as this act is. And
surely it will not do to keep it open in this
vague manner forever. This has been in oper-
ation now for sometime, and it has obtained a
fixed construction and there is a settled prac-
tice under it. It appears to me that it would
be a very uncertain matter to open this up in
the exceedingly loose manner in which my col-
league proposes.
Mr. SPALDING. I wish to provide a rem-
edy and to rectify the practice as it now exists
under the law. There is now no remedy.
Mr. MAYNARD. Why not extend the time
for affixing the stamp for six months?
Mr. SPALDING. Anything that would
relieve us from the difficulty; 1 do not care
what it may be. <
Mr. MULLINS. To my mind this whole
matter is fully provided for in the following
portion of this section :
But if it shall appear upon evidence satisfactory
to said collector that any such instrument was not
duly stamped at the time of making or issuing the
same, by reason of accident, mistake, or idadvert-
encc, and without any willful design to defraud the
United States of the tax, or to evade or delay the
payment thereof, then and in such case, if such in-
strument, or, if the original be lost, acopy thereof,
duly certified by the officer having charge of any
records in which such original is required to be re-
corded, or otherwise duly proved to the satisfaction
of the collector, shall, within six months after the
making or issuing thereof, be brought to the said
collector of revenue to be stamped, and the stamp
tax chargeable thereon paid, it shall be lawful for
the said collector to remit the penalty aforesaid,
and to affix and cancel the proper stamp upon such
instrument.
That seems to me to be just as clear and
conclusive as it possibly can be. If it be made
more liberal than that it will run into perfect
abuse. That is ray judgment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] to pro-
pose, in lieu of his amendment, an amendment
to the paragraph just read by my colleague,
[Mr. Mullins,] extending the period there
provided for from "six months" to "one
year."
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection to
that. It will give a man an entire year to find
out whether he has put the right stamp on.
Mr. SPALDING. Make it two years.
Mr. SCHENCK. If my colleague will be
satisfied with one year I will agree to it. That
is twice as long as the law now allows.
Mr. SPALDING. Very well; I will mod-
ify my amendment as suggested by the gentle-
man.
The amendment, as modified, was then
agreed to.
No further amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 109. And be it further enacted, That no instru-
ment, document, writing, orpaperof any description,
required by law to be stamped, shall be deemed or
held invalid and of no effect for the want of the par-
ticular kind or description of stamp designated for
and denoting the tax on any such instrument, docu-
ment, writing, or paper, provided a legal stamp or
stamps, denoting a tax of equal amount, shall nave
been duly affixed and used thereon ; but the provis-
ions of this section shall not apply to any stamp
appropriated to denote the tax charged on proprie-
tary articles, or articles enumerated in schedule C.
No amendment was offered.
The committee here rose informally; and
Mr. Blaine took the chair as Speaker pro
tempore.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its Clerks, informed the House that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, House
joint resolution No. 137, requesting the Pres-
ident to intercede with her majesty, the Queen
of Great Britain, to secure the speedy release
of liev. John McMahon, convicted on a charge
of treason-felony, and now confined at Kings-
ton, Canada West.
The message further informed the House
that the Senate had passed a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 121) to carry into effect the resolu-
tion approved March 2, 18C7, providing for the
exchange of public documents, in which the
concurrence of the House was requested.
INTEKNAL TAX BILL.
The Committee of the Whole again resumed
the consideration of the internal tax bill.
The following section was read :
Sec. 110. And be it further enacted, That there shall
be levied, collected, and paid as taxes, upon every
package, parcel, article, or thing mentioned and
described in schedulo C, the4 several amounts of
money set down in figures against the same respect-
ively, or otherwise specified or setforthinsaid sched-
ule, the payment of which amounts shall bo indi-
cated and proved by adhesive stamps to be affixed
to such package, parcel, article, or thing, and can-
celed in the manner and form prescribed by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and the arti-
cles named in said schedule of foreign manufacture,
imported into the United States, shall, in addition to
the import duties imposed on the same, be subject
to the taxes therein prescribed, and shall have the
proper stamps affixed thereon and canceled ; and
any person who shall sell or offer for sale any of sueh
articles, whether offoreign or domesticmanufacture,
shall be deemed the manufacturer thereof, and shall
be subject to all the taxes, liabilities, and penalties
imposed by law upon such manufacturers.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move, by instruction of
the Committee of Ways and Means, to amend
the section just read by adding to it the fol-
lowing :
And the Commissioner of Internal Revenue may,
from time to time, furnish, supply, and deliver to
any manufacturer of friction or other matches, cigar
lights, or wax tapers, a suitable quantity of adhe-
sive or other stamps, such as may be prescribed for
use in such cases, without prepayment therefor, on
a credit of not exceeding sixty days, requiring, m
advance, a bond in a penal sum of not less than
double the denominate value of such stamps, with
such security as he may judge necessary, to secure
payment therefor to the United States within the
time prescribed for such payment. And upon all
such bonds or other securities^ taken by said Com'
missioner, suits may be maintained in the circuit or
district courts of the United States, in the several
districts where any of the persons giving said bonds
or other securities reside or may be found, m any
appropriate form of action.
The amendment was agreed £o.
Mr. SCHENCK, _ I move to insert the fol-
lowing, as an additional section, to come in
immediately after the section just read:
Sec. —, And be it further enacted. That no stamp
tax shall be imposed upon any uncompouuded mea
icinaldrug or chemical, nor upon Miy m«]
pounded according to the United States or otner
