SUPPLEMENT TO
Mr. HOWARD and Mr. Manager BING-
HAM rose.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator from
Michigan.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. On the part of
the Managers I beg to respond to'what has
just been said.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to call the attention
of the President to the rules that govern the
body.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. I will only say
that we have used but thirty-five of the min-
utes of the time allowed us under the rule.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chair an-
nounced at the last sitting that he would not
undertake to restrict counsel as to number
without the further order of the Senate, the
rule not being very intelligible to him. He
will state further that when counsel make a
motion to the court the counsel who makes the
motion has invariably the right to close the
argument upon it.
Several Senators. Certainly.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. Mr. President,
with all respect touching the suggestion just
made by the presiding officer of the Senate,
I beg leave to remind the Senate, and I am
instructed to do so by my associate Managers,
that from time immemorial in proceedings
of this kind the right of the Commons in Eng-
land, and of the Representatives of the people
in the United States, to close the debate has
not been, by any rule, settled against them.
On the contrary, in Lord Melville's case, if
I may be allowed and pardoned for making
reference to it, the last case, I believe, reported
in England, Lord Erskine presiding, when the
very question was made which has now been
submitted by the presiding officer to the Senate,
one of the managers of the House of Com-
mons arose in his place and said that ho owed
it lo the Commons to protest against the im-
memorial usage being denied to the Commons
of England to be heard in reply to whatever
might be said on behalf of the accused at the
bar of the Peers. In that case the language
of the manager, Mr. Giles, was:
" My lords, it was not my intention to trouble your
lordships with any observations upon the arguments
you havo heard; and if I nowdo so, it is only for tlio
sake of insisting upon and maintaining that right
which the Commons contend is their acknowledged
and undoubted privilege, the right of being hoard
after tho counsel for the defendant has niado his
observations in roply. It has boon invariably ad-
mitted when required."—State Trials,vol. 29, p.762:
ii to -16 George III,
Lord Erskine "responded the right of the
Commons to reply was never doubted or dis-
puted."
Following the suggestion of the learned gen-
tleman who has just takeu his seat, 1 believe
that when that utterance was made it had been
the continued rule in England for nearly five
hundred years.
In this tribunal, in the first case of impeach-
ment that ever was tried before the Senate of
the United States under the Constitution, (I
refer to the case of Blount,) the Senate will
see by a reference to it that although the ac-
cused had the affirmative of tho issue, although
he interposed a plea to the jurisdiction, the
argument was closed in the case by the man-
ager of the House, Mr. Harper. (Wharton's
State Trials of the United States, pp. 314-15.)
When I rose, however, at the time the hon-
orable Senator spoke, I rose for the purpose of
making some response to the remarks last
made for the accused; but as the presiding
officer lias interposed the suggestion to the Sen-
ate whether the Managers can further reply I
do notdeem it proper for me to proceed further
until the Senat? shall pass upon this question.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, if the dis-
cussion is closed on the part of the Managers,
and the counsel-
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. I desire to have
the question submitted.
Mr. HOWARD. I was about to move that
this motion be laid on the table.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. I desire, if the
Senator from Michigan will excuse me, to be
heard in response to what has just fallen from
the lips of the counsel for the accused, but
deem it my duty not to proceed without the
consent of the Senate, inasmuch as the pre-
siding officer has already suggested to the Sen-
ate that the Managers could not be further
heard; in other words, could not be permitted
to make a final reply.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The motion of the
Senator, from Michigan is that 
Mr. Manager BOUTWELL. Mr. President,
will the Chair pardon me?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Certainly.
Mr. Manager BOUTWELL. This seems to
the Managers, and to myself especially, a mat-
ter of so much moment as to whether the Man-
agers are to be heard finally 
Mr. HOWARD. Excuse me a moment.
It was not my intention to cut off debate or
discussion on the part of the Managers or the
counsel for the accused; and so I announced.
If there is any desire on the part of either to
proceed with the discussion, I withdraw my
motion to lay the order on the table.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. Now, Mr. Pres-
ident, if it be the pleasure of the Senate 
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the reading of
the twentieth rule.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The rule will be
read.
The Secretary read rule twenty, as follows:
" 20. All preliminary or interlocutory questions,
and all motions, shall be argued for not exceeding
one hour on each side, unless tlio Senate shall by
order extend the time."
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. We have used
but thirty-five minutes of our time.
Mr. GRIMES. What is the question?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Do the managers
desire to proceed ?
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. Yes, sir; with
the President's leave.
Mr. President and Senators: I deeply regret
that the counsel for the accused have made
any intimation here that question is made or
intended to be made by the Managers touching
the entire sincerity with which they act before
this tribunal. I am sure that it was furthest
from the purpose of my associates, as I know
it was entirely foreign to any purpose of mine,
to question for a moment their sincerity. The
gentleman who took his seat spoke of their
having presented this application upon their
honor. No man questions their honor; no
man who knows them will question their honor;
but we may be pardoned for saying that it is
unusual, altogether unusual, on questions of
this sort to allow continuances to be obtained
upon a mere point of honor! The rule of the
Senate, which was adopted on the 13th instant,
is a rule well understood, and is in the lan-
guage of the ordinary rule which obtains in
courts of law; that is to say, the trial shall
proceed upon replication filed, except, for
cause shown, further time be allowed.
I submit that a question of this magnitude
has never been decided upon a mere presenta-
tion of a statement of counsel, in this coun-
try or in any country. To speak more plainly,
a motion for continuance arising on a question
of this sort, I venture to say, has never been
decided affirmatively upon such an issue on a
mere statement of counsel. If Andrew John-
son, the accused at this bar, has witnesses that
were not within the process of this court up to
this day, but whose attendance he can hope to
procure if time be allowed him, he can make
affidavit before this tribunal that they are ma-
terial and set forth in his affidavit what he
expccts to prove by them. I concede that upon
such a showing there would be something upon
which the Senate might properly act.
But, sir, instead of that he throws himself
back upon his counsel, and they make their
statement here that they will require thirty
days of time in which to prepare for trial. He
sent these gentlemen to the bar of this tribu-
nal on the 13th instant upon their honor to
notify the Senate that it would require him
forty days to prepare an answer. Now, he
sends them back upon their honor to notify
the Senate that it will require him thirty days
to prepare for trial. I take it that the counsel
for the accused have quite as much time for
preparation if this trial shall proceed to-mor-
row as have the Managers on behalf of the
House of Representatives, who are charged by
the people with duties from day to day in the
other end of the Capitol' which they are not
permitted to lay aside.
But, sir, I think upon the answer made here
this day by the President of the United States,
unless very good cause be shown, and that,
too, under the obligation of his own oath at the
bar of this Senate, not another hour's contin-
uance should be allowed him after the case
shall have been put at issue. We ask leave to
suggest to the Senate that we hoped on to-mor-
j-ow, by leave of the people's Representatives,
to put this case at issue by filing a replication.
That is all the delay we desire. The accused has
had the opportunity for process ever since the
13th instant, at least. He is guilty of grave
negligence in this behalf—I do not speak of
the counsel; I speak of the accused. If he
had witnesses to subpoena why was he not
about it? And yet, sir, not a single summons
has been required by him under the rule and
order of the Senate to bring to its bar a single
witness to testify in his behalf. He totally
neglects the whole issue, and comes here with
an attempt at a confession and avoidance of
the matter presented by the House of Repre-
sentatives, and tells this Senate and tells the
country that he defies their power, trifling—I
repeat it in the hearing of the Senate—trifling
with the great power which the people for wise
purposes have placed in the hands of their
Representatives and their Senators in Congress
assembled.
Why, sir, what is this power of impeachment
worth if the President of the United States,
holding the whole executive power of the na-
tion, is permitted, when arraigned at the bar
of the Senate in the name of all the people and
charged with high crimes and misdemeanors,
in that he has violated his oath, in that he has
violated the Constitution of the country, in
that he has violated the people's laws, and
attempted by his violation of the laws to lay
hands upon the people's Treasury; what is this
great defensive power reposed by the people in
their Representatives worth if the President,
upon a mere statement of his counsel, is per-
mitted to postpone the further inquiry for
thirty days, until he prepares to do—what?
Until lie prepares to make good his elaborate
statement set forth in his answer, that the
Constitution is but a cobweb in his hands, and
that he defies your power to restrain him.
I remember very well, sir, it suggested itself
to me when I heard this discussion going on,
the weighty words of that great man (Chan-
cellor Kent) whose_ luminous intellect shed
luster upon the jurisprudence of his country
in the State of New York for more than a third
of a century, which he wrote down in his Com-
mentaries upon the laws, and which will live
as long as our language lives, that to prevent
the abuse of the executive trust—
"The Constitution has rendered the President di-
rectly amenable, by law, for maladministration. The
inviolability of any officer of Government is incom-
patible with the republican theory as well as with the
Principles of retributive justice." * * * *
If, then, neither the sense of duty, the force of pub-
lic opinion, nor the transitory nature of the seat are
sufficient to secure a faithful discharge of the execu-
tive trust, but the President will use the authority of
his station to violate the Constitution or law of the
land, the House of Representatives can arrest him in
power of impeach-
Faithful to the duty imposed upon us by our
oaths as the Representatives of the people, we
have interposed that remedy to arrest this
man, and he comes to-day to answer, saying,
1 defy your impeachment; by the executive
power reposed in me under the Contitution"—
and I believe I quote almost the words of the
answer laid before us—" by the executive
power_ reposed in me by the Constitution, I
claim in the presence of the Senate, I claim in
the presence of the country, the power, with-
out challenge, let, or hinderance, to suspend
every executive officer of this Government at
