3108
THE COJSTGrKESSlONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
national pharmacopoeia, or of which the full and
proper formula is published in any of the dispensa-
tories now or hitherto in common use among phy-
sicians or apothecaries, or in any pharmaceutical
journal now issued by any incorporated collego of
pharmacy, when not sold or offered for sale, or ad-
vertised under any other name, form, or guise than
that under which they may be severally denomin-
ated and laid down in said pharmacopoeias, dispen-
satories, or journals as aforesaid; nor upon medi-
cines sold to or lor the use of any person, which may
he mixed and compounded for said person according
to the written receiptor prescription of any physi-
cian or surgeon. But nothing in this section shall
be construed to exempt from stamp tax any medi-
cinal articles, whether simple or compounded by any
ru e, authority, or formula, published or unpub-
lished, which are put up in a style or manner similar
to that ofpatentor proprietary medicines in general,
or advertised in newspapers or by public handbills
tor popular sale and use, as having any special pro-
prietary claim to morit, or to any peculiar advan-
tage m mode of preparation, quality, use, or effect,
whether such claim be real or pretended.
Mr. G-RISWOLD. Before the question is
taken upon the amendment or additional sec-
tion, just moved by the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Sciientk,]
I desire to move to amend section one hundred
and ten by adding to it the following:
Provided, That when such imported articles,except
playing-cards, lucifer or f riction matches.cigar lights,
and wax tapers, shall be sold in the original and
unbroken package in which the bottles or othor
iuclosures were packed by the manufacturer, the
person so selling said articles shall not be subject to
any penalty on account of the want of the proper
stamp.
This is simply the provision of the present
law, and a provision which it seems to me is
practically very important. It will be observed
that this section provides a penalty upon per-
sons offering for sale these articles. 1 cannot
learn that any frauds have resulted from the
present law. I think this provision is eminently
worthy of consideration as a practical provision.
Mr. SCHENCK. The amendment of the
gentleman, my colleague on the Committee of
Ways and Means, [Mr. Giuswold,] does not
strictly relate to my amendment, which is to
insert an additional section. But I am willing
that the question should be first taken on his
amendment. I admit that the provision he
offers is the provision of the present law. The
Committee of Waysand Means, however, though
they very seldom disagree with each other, have
not agreed with him in regard to retaining that
provision of the present law in this bill.
Now, instead of making any argument my-
self upon this provision, I will send to the
Clerk's desk, to be read as my speech, a little
article I have just discovered in a Philadelphia
paper touching that subject.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Duties on Foreign and Domestic Perfumery. — A
proviso attached to section one hundred and sixty-
nine of the internal revenue law permits foreign
perfumery to be sold in unbroken packages without
being stamped when such perfumery is packed by
the manufacturer. The effect of this provision, is
disastrous to our own manufacturers, since they are
compelled by law to stamp all the perfumery made
in their establishments, while the foreign merchant
is allowed the privilege of disposing of his products
without the stamp duty. Such a discrimination, to
say the least, is unwise, and calculated to injurehome
manufacturers. But this is not the only evil caused
by the proviso. Unprincipled parties in this and
other cities, taking advantage of the license afforded
tbcm, are engaged in patting up their goods with
imitation labels and trade-marks of the foreign arti-
cle, thus cheating the Government, and by the fraud
seriously injuring those who, in the legitimate busi-
ness, cheerfully comply with the law and add to the
revenue of the country. General Schenck, in re-
porting the new tax bill, has wisely stricken out this
obnoxious proviso, and we trust that Congress, hav-
ing an eye to the interest of American manufactures
and American industry, will look to it that foreign
influence, and that of the swindlers in our own coun-
try, may not again have the clause ' snaked through'
on the final passage of the Mil,"
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman from
New York to modify his amendment so as to
strike out " provided that," and to insert
" butso it will read "but when," for reasons
that are obvious. I will not take the trouble
to explain the reasons.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I accept that modification.
Mr. BARNES. I should like to have the
amendment again read.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. BARNES. Mr. Chairman, that pro-
vision is eminently just and proper. So far
as protecting domestic manufacturers by not
applying the stamp the tariff act which imposes
duties on the arrival of these goods at our
custom-houses can be so arranged as to collect
an increased duty. Therg can be no conflict
in that respect. The inconvenience to the
merchant is great. The articles are small in
character, and come in large cases, and the
cases are opened and the small packages are
opened and the wrappers disturbed in order to
affix the stamp. It is a very serious inconven-
ience to the importer. I can see no reason
for it except in the suggestion made by the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, that it gives a nominal advantage to
the foreign manufacturer over the domestic
manufacturer. That 1 say can be provided for
by increasing the duties on imports. I think
the amendment is eminently proper.
Mr. O'NEILL. Mr. Chairman, I move to
strike out the last line for the purpose of say-
ing a few words in reference to the pending
amendment. The article which was read at
the request of the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means was written by a friend of
mine who is engaged in this trade in the city
of Philadelphia. The manufacture of per-
fumery is carried on very largely in the city of
Philadelphia; and a committee on the part of
the gentlemen engaged in this trade very ably
presented their case to the Committee of Ways
and Means, as I think the chairman will ad-
mit. It is a« unjust discrimination against
our domestic manufacturers, and in favor of
the foreign manufacturers to permit the latter
to bring in their packages unbroken with a
single stamp affixed, while the former are com-
pelled to affix a stamp to every separate article.
This injury to our manufactures ought to be
remedied. I do not suppose that \ve are in
favor of crushing out our own industry, in how-
ever slight degree, in behalf of the foreign man-
ufacturer. I know the gentleman from New
York does not want to do it. I am a taritf
man, and in favor of home industry in every
respect, and believe my friend is, and am
therefore surprised he should have submitted
this amendment. I withdraw my pro forma
amendment.
Mr. HIGBY. We have got into confusion
about these amendments. The amendment of
the gentleman from New York is to one por-
tion of the bill and that of the gentleman from
Ohio to another portion.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. BARNES. L rise to appeal from the
decision of the Chair. I rose to speak to the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio when
the gentleman from New York moved his
amendment, an amendment entirely distinct
in its character.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw my amend-
ment for the present.
The question was taken on Mr. Griswold's
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now renew the amend-
ment which I withdrew for a moment.
Mr. BAUNES. I desire the attention of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means.
1 move to strike out all that part of the amend-
ment which refers to excepted articles, the
recipes of which are published in the pharma-
copoeia. There is a class of articles known
as proprietary articles, some still under the
control of the proprietors, and others which
have passed from their control and become
public. The latter are exempted while the
others require stamps. I desire to increase
the articles to be stamped by including the
articles called the pharmacopoeia articles.
There are articles called Bacon's Drops and
Godfrey's Cordial, which were started years
ago by gentlemen of those names in England,
and which are now manufactured by the trade
all over the country. The recipes of those
articles are published in the pharmacopoeia.
Druggists here and elsewhere make them up.
The recipes purport to state what those arti-
cles are' made of. Whether they do or not I
do not know. Articles made from recipes
called by other individual names are required
to be stamped, and in character of article and
the appearance of the package they are the
same. There are a number of articles' known'
to the trade as British patent medicines. There
is a confusion in reference to excepted articles
which is unnecessary. I desire that the articles
excepted in the amendment of the chairman
of the committee from stamping be stamped, to .
make all articles of a class come under one
class with reference to stamps. I do not pro-
pose that physicians'" prescriptions shall be
stamped.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is impossible to get
along in this way. We have proposed a sec-
tion which is precisely a section^ taken from
the present law. At first the committee were of
opinion that it might be left out altogether.
That, however, was thought to be illiberal, and
upon reconsideration the committee instructed
me to move to restore the exemption of cer-
tain articles as is now done in the present law.
The gentleman thinks the section adopted from
the present law, which contains the exemption
is too broad, if I understand him—that it ought
not to exempt so many things. I am perfectly
willing to limit it if the gentleman will only
put his amendment in some tangible shape.
But to talk generally about the section being
too broad, and exempting too many things with-
out indicating wherein it is too broad, is a
difficult way of managing a subject.
Mr. BARNES. I did not make myself
understood by the chairman.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hear the gentleman with
a great deal of difficulty.
Mr. BARNES. My amendment is to strike
out all that part of his amendment which refers
to articles excepted. Strike out all after the
word "compounded" to the word "upon,"
referring to physicians' prescriptions.
Mr. SCHENCK. I understand the gentle-
man to propose to amend by striking out cer-
tain words, so that it shall read: "that no stamp
tax shall be imposed upon any medicines sold
.to or for the use of-any person," &c. I will
accept that amendment, or, rather, as I have no
right to accept it, I am willing to have a vote
taken upon it.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was then
agreed to.
Mr. BARNES. I move to amend section
one hundred and ten, in line, eight, by insert-
ing after the word "thing" the words "ex-
posed to view upon the outside of the wrapper,
jar, or bottle;" so that it will read, "by adhe-
sive stamps to be affixed to such package, par-
eel, article, or thing exposed to view upon the
outside of the wrapper, jar, or bottle," &c.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope that will not be
adopted. It will be a great opening for fraud.
Mr. BARNES. It seems almost necessary,
in order to protect the merchant who deals in
these articles, that the stamps to be affixed by
this section should be exposed to sight. In
the majority of instances it is so. Probably
ninety-nine per cent, of all the articles to
which stamps are applied are stamped as this
provision requires. There are some proprie-
tors, however, who affix the stamps inside of
the wrapper surrounding the bottle or jar, and
a merchant, in buying a large quantity, in
order to protect himself, is compelled to ex-
empts each article, and in doing so he destroys
its good appearance. There are accidents
occurring in so slight a business as that. It is
impossible to guard against employes putting
up articles the value of which is three or four
cents. They cannot be so watched that many
of the articles will not be inclosed without a
stamp upon them : and the proprietor himself,
undertaking to guard his manufactory or lab-
oratory with the best ability he can bring to
bear, is not certain that he is not constantly
violating the law. There is no way of detect-
ing these omissions until a report comes from
some part of the country that they find the
articles unstamped. I have seen the most
reliable merchants of this class of goods in
the United States led into controversy with
