2084
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
March 25,
warehousing, bonding, or other delay, at the
port of arrival under suitable regulations.
By Mr. PERHAM: The petition of Edmund
Johnson formerly captain of company E,
thirty-first New York volunteers, for increase
of pension.
By Mr. PHELPS: The petition ofH. Wit-
tieh and others, citizens of Baltimore, Mary-
land, for sneh a revision of the revenue laws
as will impose an increased duty on vinegar
imported into the United States.
By Mr. ROBERTSON ; The remonstrance
of Thomas Reeve and 130 others, inventors of
sewing-machine improvements, manufacturers,
dealers, and users of sewing-machines, against
the further extension of the patent of Elias
■ Howe, jr. deceased, for improvements in sewing
machines, originally granted September 10,
1846, and once extended for a term of seven
years.
By Mr. VAN HORN, of New York: The
petition of 57 citizers of Le Roy, Now York,
asking a reduction of taxes and the expenses
of the Army and Navy, also a revision of the
revenue laws in the interests of our own coun-
try.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 25, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's legislative pro-
ceedings was read and approved.
message from t1ie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheksok, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
881) refunding duties paid under protest on the
importation from France of a bell donated for
the use of St. Mary's Institute and Notre Dame
University, Indiana, in which the concurrence
of the Senate was requested.
IMPEACHMENT OF PRESIDENT JOHNSON.
The. PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has received and will lay before the Senate
resolutions adopted by the constitutional con-
vention of North Carolina, returning thanks
for the vigilance with which the House and
■Senate have proceeded in the matter of im-
peachment.
Several Senators. What are they? Let
them be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The res-
olutions will be read, if there be no objection.
The Secretary read as follows;
Resolutions passed by the State constitutional con-
vention of North Carolina, March 12,1S68.
Whereas the peoplo of North Carolina, through
their representatives in convention assembled, have
viewed with not loss indignation than apprehension
the efforts on the part of the executive branch of the
Government to throttle, circumsciibe, and overrule
its coordinate and legislative branch of the same;
and whereas, in the opinion of this convention, suc-
cess in such efiorts would lead to an agrarianism
alike dangerous to tile liberties of the people ami
subversive of that good feeling and correct principle
of republicanism which should be viewed not only
with extremo jealousy and horror, but bo marked by
the unqualified condemnation of all lovers of good
order and stable government;
Be it therefore resolved, That the thanks of the con-
vention are due, and are hereby tendered, to thoso
noble Representatives who have so promptly stopped
forth in their power of impeachment to check and
correct the evil threatened by the acts of an usurpa-
tivo Executive.
Be it further resolved, That a copy of these resolu-
tions, duly engrossed, bo transmitted to the honor-
able the President ot the Senate and the Speaker of
the House of Representatives of tho peoplo of the
United States. ' ,
Be it further resolved, That this convention tender
to Brevet Major General Edward It. S. Canby and
the officers of his command its thanks for the bold,
fearless, unprejudiced, and manly manner in winch
they, each and all, have discharged the onerous and
delicate duties devolving upon them under tho re-
construction acts of Congress.
Mr: SAULSBURY. I object, Mr. Presi-
dent, to the reception of that paper, and for
this reason: it purports to be addressed to the
Senate of the United States, and the members
of the Senate of the United States compose
the court of impeachment; and any communi-
cation addressed to the members of that court
upon the pending subject is improper to be
entertained by the Senate, the Senate compos-
ing that court, as being an attempt to exercise
an influence upon the minds of the judges.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Delaware moves that the resolutions
be not received.
Tho question being put, the motion was not
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lutions will lie on the table if no objection be
made. The Chair hears no objection, and that
course will be pursued.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 881) refunding duties
paid under protest on the importation from
France of a bell donated for the use of tho
Saint Mary's Institute and Notre Dame Uni-
versity, Indiana, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee oil Finance.
petitions and memorials..
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
memorial of the Lehigh Zinc Company, remon-
strating against the passage of the bill (II. R.
No. 780) for the relief of Martha M. Jcjnes,
administratrix of Samuel T. Jones, deceased,
without the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. FERRY. I move that tho memorial
lie on the table, the matter having been acted
upon by the committee.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore also presented
the constitution adopted by the constitutional
convention of tho State of Louisiana March 7,
1868; which was referred to the Committee on
the .1 udiciary.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of Philip
A. Boiling, a resident of Virginia, praying the
removal of political disabilities imposed upon
him by acts of Congress ; which was referred
to the Committee on tho Judiciary.
Mr. CON1CLING. Mr. President, I present
the memorial and proceedings of the Board of
Trade of the city of Oswego, New York, and
also of the common council of that city, pray-
ing the favorable consideration of the plan
recommended by C. E. Blunt, lieutenant colo-
nel of engineers, to General A. A. Humphreys,
ehicf of engineers, at Washington, forthe pres-
ervation of tho harbor at the mouth of the
Oswego river, on Lake Ontario. I move that
these papers be referred.to the Committee on
Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Baltimore, Maryland, praying for the
passage of a law giving a pension to tho sol-
diers and the widows of soldiers of the war of
1812; which was ordered to lie on the table.
reporter of associated press.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer a resolution which
relates to the order of business:
Resolved, That the Presiding Officer be authorized
to admit to a scat on the floor the reporter of the .New
York Associated l'ress during the trial of the im-
peachment.
I learn authentically that the Associated Press
have made arrangements to make as full and
complete a report of the trial of the impeach-
ment as is possible, and to send every day as
much as the wires ean take. It is, of course,
very desirable for the public interests and very
desirable for the Senate that this report, which
is the first one that reaches the public and
makes the greatest impression, in fact the only
one that most people read, should be as full
and accurate as possible. I am satisfied from
examination that when we come to take testi-
mony, to examine witnesses, it will be iinpos
sible for a reporter in tho gallery to hear and
report with sufficient distinctness to make such
a report as we shall wish to go out to the coun-
try. The resolution which I offer is not manda-
tory, but authorizes the Presiding Officer, in
his discretion, to assign a seat to the reporter
for the Associated Press during the trial of
this important matter. I know how reluctant
the Senate has always been to extend the priv-
lege of tho floor, and I should not ask it for
any permanent arrangement; but for thistem-
pory purpose, it seems to me, it would be very
desirable.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the resolution be
read again.
„ The Secretary read tlie resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the present consideration of
the resolution ? No objection being made, the
question is on agreeing to the resolution. •
Mr. HOWE. Isthatresolutionjustreported?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is just
submitted.
Mr. HOWE. I wish it may lie over. If the
Senator offering it lias no objection I should
like to have it lie over until to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the resolution will lie over.
reports OF committees.
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on the
Library, to whom were referred resolutions
submitted by Mr. Morrill, of Vermont, for
tho formation of a library of the Senate for the
use of its members and c'ommittees and the
appointment of a librarian, reported adversely
thereon, and also asked to be discharged from
its further consideration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred the petition of Benjamin Rodgers, pray-
ing to be allowed pay as second lieutenant,
asked to be discharged from its further consid-
eration and that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims; which was agreed to.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The Committee
on the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 800) to prevent and punish the unlaw-
ful use of public money and property, have
directed me to recommend that it be indefi-
nitely postponed, in consequencc of another
bill to the same effect having passed the House.
The Senate proceeded to consider the report
of the committee, ?md the bill was indefinitely
postponed.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN also from the same
committee, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 787) to prevent and punish the unlawful
use of public money and property, reported it
with an amendment.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee, from the
Committee on the District of Columbia, to
whom was referred the petition of N. Callan,
clerk of the levy court of the District of Colum-
bia, praying that the register of Washington
city, the register of Georgetown, and the clerk
of the levy court be compensated for their
services in preparing ballots and drawing the
jurors for the courts of the District, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration:
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 177) regulating
the rights of property of married women in
the District of Columbia, reported it without
amendment.
bill recommitted.
_ Mr. HENDRICiCS. I move that Senate
bill (S. No. <578) organizing a commission for
the examination and decision of claims in the
War Department be recommitted to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. There was an adverse
report, and I wish the committee to look at it
again.
The motion was agreed to.
ORDER Of BUSINESS.
Mr. HOWARD. I now move to take up
Senate bill No. 25(5, relating to the Centra!
Branch Union Pacific railroad.
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope we shall be
allowed to get through the morning business;
I have a report in my hand that I desire to
make.
Mr. FERRY. The bill can be taken up and
laid aside informally.
Mr. HOWARD. The bill can be taken up
and laid aside if there are any reports to be
made. I wish to get this bill up because we
have nearly finished the discussion upon it, and
