THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27
my pleasure." 1 venture to say before the
en lightened bar of public opinion in America,
by these words incorporated in his answer, the
President is as guilty of malfeasance and mis-
demeanor in office as ever man was guilty of
malfeasance or misdemeanor in office since
nations began to be upon the earth. What!
That he will suspend all executive officers of
this Government at his pleasure, not by force
of the teuure-of-ollice act, to which he him-
self refers, and which he says is void and of no
effect, but by force of the Constitution of the
United States; and that, too, he adds, while
the Senate of the United States is in session!
What does lie mean by it? Let the Senate
answer when they come to vote on this propo-
sition for the extension of time. Does he
mean by it that lie will vacate the executive
oflices and not fill them? Does he mean by it
that your money appropriated by your laws for
carrying on and administering the Government
shall remain locked in the vaults of your Treas-
ury, and shall not be applied as your law
directs? Or does he mean by it that he will
repeat what he has already done in the presence
of the Senate, and in violation of the laws,
that he will remove without the consent of the
Senate, and he will appoint while the Senate
is in session without its advice or consent, just
such persons as will answer his own purposes?
Is that what he means? If he does it is a very
easy method of repealing the Constitution of
the United States.
The appointing power is by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate." The power
to fill vacancies under the Constitution isin the
President only as to such vacancies as may hap-
pen during the recess of the Senate, and so the
Constitution reads. But, according to the logic
set uut in this elaborate answer, to support
which the President wishes thirty days of time
for preparation, he is to vacate every execu-
tive office of the United States at his own
pleasure, in the presence of the Senate, without
its consent while they are in session, and fill
it at his pleasure ad interim even while they
are trying him. If this be permitted, and if
his successors should follow his bad example,
I ask the Senate to deliberate, to consider
whether the time would not soon come, if that
example were persisted in and followed, that
not a single executive office in America would
be, filled by any man " by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate;" but, oil the con-
trary, every such oflice would be filled without
the advice or consent of the Senate.
I admit, sir, it is a time-honored rule of the
common law. the growth of centuries, the
gathered wisdom of a thousand years, that the
accused has the right to a speedy and an im-
partial trial. I claim that the people also have
a right to a speedy and impartial trial, and that
the question pending here touches in some sort
the right of the people. In their name we
demand here a speedy and impartial trial. If
the President is not guilty, we ask in behalf of
the country that lie shall be declared not guilty
of the offenses with which he stands charged.
If it be the judgment of the Senate that he has
power thus to lay hands upon the Constitution
of the country and rend it in tatters in the
presence of its custodians, the sooner that
judgment is pronounced the better.
In every view of this case, in the light of the
answer to which we have listened, I feel myself
justified in saying that the public interests de-
mand that this trial shall proceed until, upon
the solemn oath of the accused made at this bar,
it shall appear that h e cannot proceed on account
of the absence of witnesses material to him,
nor until he states what he expects to prove by
them ; because I venture to say that he can
make no showing of that sort which we are not
ready upon the spot to meet by saying we will
admit that the witnesses will swear to his state-
ment, and let him have the benefit of it. Nearly
all the testimony involved in this issue is docu-
mentary. Much of it is official. Enough ofit,
I might say, is officialinits character to justify
the trial to proceed without further inquiry into
the, facts.
But be that as it may, although tliey did not
request us to do so, although they had no right
to demand it of us, we have taken pains to
notify the counsel for the accused of the wit-
nesses that we propose to call, the witnesses we
have subpoenaed, so that they might prepare to
meet them ; and it will occur to the Senate as
this trial progresses that they have as much
time for preparation by the end of that day
when the case on the part of the Government
of the United States shall be closed as we have.
We make no boast of any superior preparation
in this matter. We desire simply to discharge
our duty as best we can. We assume no supe-
riority to the counsel, as was intimated by the
gentleman who last spoke, [Mr. Stunbery;]
but we desiie simply to discharge our duty here
and to discharge it promptly and to discharge
it faithfully, and we appeal to the Senate to
grant us the opportunity of doing so, so that
•justice may be done between the people of the
United States and the President, that the Con-
stitution of the United States which he has vio-
lated may be vindicated, and that the wrongs
which he has committed against an outraged
and betrayed people may be speedily redressed.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. President, I pro-
pose an order which I send to the Chair.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the order.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Orderi-il, That tho application of thecounscl for the
President to bo allowed thirty days toprepare tor tho
trial of the impeachment be postponed until after
replication filed.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Mr. President, T
should like to call the attention of yourself and
the Senate to the position in which that would
place tho Managers, and 1 beg to express the
desire on the part of the Managers that this
question of time shall bo settled now. If a
replication is needed at all, I think I can say
for my associates that it will be tho common
and formal replication, the sir similiter of the
profession, the simple joining issue upon this
answer, and therefore for this purpose it may
be considered as filed.
We shall have to be ready at all hazards to-
morrow to go on with this case, with the uncer-
tainty of having the, court or the Senate—I beg
pardon for the word "court"—give thirty or
more days' time in which the counsel may be
prepared. In other words, we shall be obliged,
under the high sense of duty which is pressing
upon us, to get ready by day or by night, as the
case may be, and then with entire uncertainty
as to whether the Senate mayor may not grant,
further time. I think I can say that upon this
question we agree with the counsel for the
defense that it is better for all that it be settled
now. I know I speak for the Managers. I
speak for the House of Representatives when
I say it is better to have this point settled now.
Our subpccnas are out; our witnesses are being
summoned. We want to know when to bring
them here. Fix a day; tell us when we can
come here certain, and we will be here. That
is all we desire, sir ; and therefore I trust gen-
tlemen will fix at this time the hour and the
day when this trial shall certainly proceed, the
act of Providence preventing notwithstanding.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question is on
the order moved by the Senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Hexpersok.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 25, nays 28 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, liuelcalew, Cattell.Cole,
Dixon, Doolittie, Edmunds, Fessenden, Fowler. Fre-
linghuysen, Grimes, Henderson. Hendricks, John- |
son, MeCreery, Morrill of Maine, Norton, Patterson ,
of Tennessee, Boss, Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague, ,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, and Viekcrs—25. j
NAYS—Messrs.Bayard,Cameron.Chandler,Conk- i
lin£, Conner, Uorbett, Cragin, Davis, Drake, Forry, j
Harlan, Howard, IIowc, Morgan, Morrill of Vermont, |
Morton, Nye, Patterson of New Hampshire, Pome- i
roy.Kamsey, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Wil- I
ley. Williams, Wilson, and Yates—28.
NOT VOTING—Mr. Wade-1. !
So the order proposed by Mr. Hexdeiinox
was not agreed to. |
Mr. HOWARD. Mi. Piesident, 1 now move 1
that the motion of the counsel for the accused
do lie on the table.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I rise to a
question of order.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator will
state his question of order.
Mr. DRAKE. That no motion to lay a
proposition by the counsel for the defense, or
one made by the Manager&Jfli the part of the
prosecution, upon the taore, can, under tile
rules of the Senate, be entertained, but that the
Senate must come to a direct vote upon the
proposition.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chair is of
opinion that the point of order is well taken,
and that the motion of the Senator from Mich-
igan, that the proposition of the counsel for the
accused lie on the table, is not in order.
Several Senators. Question, question.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Chief Justice, what
is tho question?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question is on
the motion of the counsel for the accused, to
be allowed thirty days for preparation.
Mr. DRAKE. On that question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—jeas 12, nays 41: as follows:
Y'EAS—Messrs. Bayard, Buekalew. Davis, Dixon,
Doolittie, Hendricks, Johnson, MeCreery, Norton,
Pattoison of Tennessee, Saulsbury, and Viekers—12.
N AYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Cattell,Chand-
ler, Cole, Conklint', Conness, Corbett, Cratrin, Drake.
Edmunds, Ferry, Fessenden, Fowler, Frelinghuysen,
Grimes, llarlan, Hcndeison, Howard, IIowo, Mor-
gan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Nyc, Patterson of New Hampshiie, Pomeroy, Ram-
sey, Ross. Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner,
'J hayer. Tipton, Trumbull.Van Winkle,Willey,Wil-
liams, Wilson, and Yates—II.
NOT VOTING—Mr. Wade-1.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. On this question the
yeas are 12 and the nays are 41. So the appli-
cation for thirty days for preparation is denied.
_ Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
sitting for this purpose adjourn until to-morrow
at one o'clock.
Mr. EVARTS. Mr. President  
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly. I withdraw
the motion.
Mr. EVARTS. I now, Mr. Chief Justice
and Senators, move, in behalf of the Presi-
dent and in the name of his counsel, that lie
be allowed (upon the application which we
have made and in which we have named thirty
days as a reasonable time) a reasonable time
after the replication shall have been filed, to
be now fixed by the Senate in their judgment.
Mr. JOHNSON. What time is that?
Mr. STANBERY. Such time as the Senate
shall fix.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The counsel will
reduce his motion to writing.
Mr. EVARTS. 1 will state it. I move that
on the application we have made, in which we
have named thirty days as a reasonable time,
there now be allowed to the President of the
United States and his counsel such reasonable
time for preparation for trial, after the replica-
tion shall have been filed, as shall now be fixed
by the Senate.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The counsel will
reduce his motion to writing. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio withdraw his motion to adjourn ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; but after the
motion is reduced to writing I will renew it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Chief Justice, is the
motion proposed to be submitted by one of the
counsel for the President of the United States
before the Senate now?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. It is not before
the Senate until it has been reduced to writing.
Mr. JOHNSON. I thought it had been so
reduced.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. It has not.
Mr. EVARTS. Tt, is now.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Clerk will
report the order.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
The counsel for tho President now move that there
be allowed for the preparation of the President, of
the United States for the trial, after the lephcatiou
shall be filed and before tho trial shall bo required to
proceed, such reasonable time as shall cow be fixed
by the Senate.
