2086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
vastly more entitled to our aid; and if they
come here with such applications, with our
committees, I will not say " organized to con-
vict," but I will say, for experience justifies
it itl both Houses, that railroad bills sent to
the railroad committees are almost invariably
^returned with a favorable response, and the
minority in each House who are in favor of
greater economy are not very fully represented
on those committees. We do not find upon
them many Senators or Representatives repre-
senting any portion of the Senate or House
who are opposed to these gigantic schemes, at
points where public necessity does not seem to
justify the outlay.
Mr. President, I have an interest in the
success of the measure, and it is so great
that if I felt at liberty to vote for the bill I
should deem myself compelled to withhold my
vote, for I have, in proportion to my moans, a
large interest in a road that will be fed by this
branch, and I could not, in conscience, vote in
favor of it; because if I did I should be putting
money, as it seems to me, in my own porket.
I trust that if other Seuutors are here with a
like interest they will feel, as I have no doubt,
they do, an equal delicacy with myself about
voting in favor of any such ineasuie.
Now, Mr. President, what I propose is, that
we shall strike out all the money subsidy, the
provision for additional bonds, and leave the
amount of lands donated as it is in the hill. 1
would not object seriously to the grant of lands,
although I think it is altogether too much or
more than is absolutely necessary; and if it
were to come hero independently on its merits
X do not see how, at this late hour, we could
vote to give even lands in Kansas and Nebraska
for a railroad commencing at a point no further
west than the Missouri river, i trust the Sen-
ate will adopt the amendment proposed by me.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I am not
embarrassed, as the Senator who has just taken
his seat is, by having any interest in this com-
pany, either pecuniarily or locally. I suppose,
locally considered, my interest would be ad-
verse to it. I had not intended to say a word
- in relation to it, but have been appealed to by
those who are locally interested to say a few
words, which I consent to do very reluctantly.
I am not, I will observe, entirely without hope
that the Senator who has just taken his seat,
as well as the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Conkxinc,] may yet vote for the bill. That
hope is founded on my conviction that they
are just men, and disposed to carry out in good
faith the contracts made by the Government
with its citizens.
This company, known as the Central Pacific
Railroad Company, was authorized to con-
struct a branch of the Union Pacific railroad
one hundred miles in length, beginning at
St. Joseph, Missouri, or at Atchison, Kansas,
and extending westwardly to a point of junc-
tion with the branch known as the Union Pa-
cific railroad, eastern division, extending from
the mouth of the Kansas river to the one hun-
dredth meridian of longitude. The company
having completed the construction of this one
hundred miles as provided by law, they claim
that they have the legal and equitable right to
continue this road up the valley of the Repub-
lican river to the one hundredt.i meridian, and
to receive the same subsidy in lands and bonds
which the eastern division company would have
been entitled to had that paxt of the line been
constructed by the latter company on account
of the failure of the said company to construct
its branch up the Republican river. The Sec-
retary of the Interior has decided, it is said,
that this Central Railroad Company has not
this right under the law, and hence the com-
pany have applied for the explanatory law pro-
posed in the pending bill.
The Pacific Railroad Committee think they
are entitled to the relief claimed. The Sena-
tor who has spoken and other Senators have
expressed an adverse opinion. That we may
have a clear comprehension of this question
it may be well to recur to the provisions oi the
Pacific railroad law enacted in 1862, its sup-
posed defects, and the remedies proposed in
the law of 1864. In this mode, 1 doubt not,
the true intent and meaning of that provision
of the hitter law which is in dispute can be
readily ascertained. Every Senator, perhaps,
will remember that under the provisions of the
law of 1862 a company was organized to con-
struct a railroad westivardly, beginning on the
one hundredth meridian and terminating on
the eastern boundary of the State of Cali-
fornia, with authority to build a branch road
eastwardly from the one hundredth meridian
to the Missouri river. The same act authorized
a company organized under the laws of Cali-
fornia to build a road from the Pacific coast
to the eastern boundary of that State, so as to
connect with the first-named road. It also
authorized another company to build a road
from the mouth of the Kansas river, in a north-
west direction, to the one hundredth meridian,
to connect with the main trunk lino ; and still
another company to build the road now under
consideration from the town of Atchison, on
the, Missouri river, for one huudred miles in-
terior to a point of connection with the last-
named branch road on or near the Republican
fork of the Kansas river.
The company proposed to be incorporated
by the law of 1802, organized some time in that
year, but did little work ; the other companies
referred to also accepted the piovisions of the
law, but did very little until the year 1804, for
the reason, as they said, that the law was
found to bo defective, if not totally impracti-
cable. They, therefore, applied for remedial
legislation. The law of ]8(!2, they alleged,
was defective in various particulars, which they
presented to a standing committee of this body,
and which were intended to be removed by the
law of 1804. The first evil complained of was
that the subsidy was not large enough. By
the law of 1802 bonds to the amount of $16,000
a mile were granted for each mile of the road
from the Missouri river to the Pacific, making
no special provisions for the interior and more
difficult part of the road. That law also pro-
vided that twenty or twenty-five percent, of
this subsidy should be retained by the Govern-
ment until the final completion of the whole
work.
The companies also complained that they
bad no mode of condemning private property
across which the lines of the road and the
branches might bo located. They complained,
moreover, that they were unable to raise money
to build these roads, because the several com-
panies holding the franchise were disconnected
organizations. The company chartered by the
law of 1802 told us that their road began two
or three hundred miles west of the Missouri
river, on the one hundredth meridian, and ter-
minated one or two hundred miles east of the
Pacific coast. It would require, perhaps, SI 00,-
000,000 to construct that line. It began at no
business point and terminated nowhere. When
they were told that other companies had been
organized to construct the connecting links,
the California end of the line and the line ex-
tending to the Missouri river, through Kansas
and Nebraska, they replied that they had no
assurance that those companies would ever
proceed with the construction of their sections
of the road to a final completion, and that they
might be thus left without either an eastern or
a western connection.
Bach of the other companies complained in
the same way. Gentlemen were here from
California saying, *' We can build our part of
the line; we can raise money to build this line
if we have an assurance that we are to have
an eastern connection. But we have no assur-
ance that after we shall have invested forty or
fifty millions of money in our part of the road
the company chartered by this law will ever
complete the main trunk line and give us a
connection with the railroads east to the Atlan-
tic." And so the eastern division company
in the State of Kansas assured the committee
jj that they could build their part of the line: but
i| to construct a railroad up to the one hundredth
11 meridian and there terminate,without a possi-
ble western connection, would be a waste of
treasure, promising neither a return of inter-
est or principal. So, also, this company now
appealing to the Senate for relief said that
they could build their line as proposed in the
law; and, as a part of the whole enterprise, it
would be a valuable franchise if each of the
other companies should build their respective
sections so as to secure communication with
the Pacific; but that without this connection
the investment would be worthless, and that
they had no sufficient assurance that the other
companies intended or were able to go on in
good faith to a successful conclusion of this
great enterprise.
The law of 1SG4 was intended to remedy
these defects. The clause of the preceding law
granting subsidy was modified so as to increase
the amount of Government bonds from $10,000
to $48,000 per mile on the mountainous por-
tions of the road; and across the valley, betvveen
the Rocky mountains and the coast ranges, from
§10,000 to $82,000 per mile; and that clause
authorizing the withholding of twenty or twen-
ty-live per cent was repealed so that the com-
panies could receive the whole subsidy stipu-
lated as the work proceeded. Another provis-
ion authorized these companies respectively to
secure the condemnation of private property
over which the roads were to be located; and
then, to remove the material defect—for that
was the great evil complained of—to secure to
each company a possible connection all the
way through, from the valley of the Missouri
to the shores of the Pacific, and to secure, if
possible, harmony of interest between these
several companies and railroad capitalists
throughout the country, the committee framed
a section providing for a consolidation of any
two or of all these companies as one organi-
zation, tocompletethe whole lineand branches;
but Congress had no mode of coercing a con-
solidation ; they could only provide for a vol-
untary consolidation of these companies; Con-
gress could not compel them to unite; and
each of the companies had doubts whether the
other companies would agree to a harmonious
union on just and equitable terms. The com-
mittee, therefore, framed an additional clause
providing that if this consolidation should not
occur, and if any of the companies, either an
individual company or a consolidated company
of two or more of them, should fail to build
its part of the line, the company constructing
the pait of the line assigned to it might take up
the work at the end of its section and build the
whole work through ; the object being to en-
able the company in California, if they built
their section of the road in good faith to the
eastern side of that State, to take up the work
if they should reach that point first and build
eastward until they came through to the Mis-
souri river; or the Kansas companies, either
of them, if they built in good faith their part
of the work, and the main company or any
other of the companies authorized to build
any part of the lino should fail, to do itin their
stead; so that no one of these companies should
be at the mercy of the others or any one of
them, so that any company putting in its money
in good faith and constructing the work should
not be compelled to lose the money thus in-
vested on account of the bad faith or peeuni-
[ ary disability of another company, but that it
might make a further advance of means and
build the links of the road which had been as-
signed the company or companies in default.
This is what Congress, in passing the law of
1804. intended to do, for the reasons I have as-
signed. It may be that the law was not very
well drawn ; and if so I am perhaps more re-
sponsible personally than any other member
of Congress. It so happened that the chair-
man of our committee [Mr. Howaisu] was ab-
sent from the city when that bill finally passed
both branches of Congress. There were dif-
fering votes of the two Houses ; the bill was
referred to a committee of conference on their
disagreeing votes, and it so happened that I
j was a member of that committee on the part
I of the Senate, and was made chairman of the
