1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3111
Mr. ROBINSON. I move it as an independ-
ent paragraph.
Mr. ALLISON. It seems to me we should
have no special legislation for these pawn-
brokers.
Mr. ROBINSON. Itis not for pawnbrokers.
Mr. ALLISON. We have stricken out the
provision in relation to stamps on receipts, and
itwillbe the easiest thing in theworldforpawn-
brokers instead of giving a certificate for a razor
that has been pledged simply to give a receipt
for the razor and so avoid the tax entirely. I
think there will be no difficulty about it.
Mr. ROBINSON. It is not the pawnbroker
I am trying to protect, but the poor people, to
whom this is charged. The internal revenue
department will still insist, no doubt, in doing
as they have done. I move the amendment as
a separate paragraph, and I will fill the blank
with the words'."one dollar;" so that it will
read :
No stamp duty shall be required on any certificate
or receipt for goods received by any pawnbroker
when the money advanced on said goods does not
exceed one dollar.
Anything to save these poor people.
The question being taken on the amendment,
there were—ayes 33, noes 25.
The amendment was, by unanimous consent,
considered as agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope that, by general
consent, the amendment of the gentleman from
New York, which has just been adopted, will
be inserted on page 145, where it appropriately
belongs.
Mr. ROBINSON. Oh, we can easily fix
that when we get into the House.
Mr. ALLISON. I object to going back.
The next section was read, as follows:
Banks and Bankers.
Sec. 113. And be it further enacted, That there shall
ho levied, collected, and paid a tax oJ_onc twenty-
fourth of one per cent, each month upon the average
amount of the deposits of money, subject to payment
by check or draft, or represented by certificates of
deposit or otherwise, whether payable on demandor
at some future day, with any person, bank, associa-
tion, company, or corporation engaged in the busi-
ness of banking; and a tax of one twenty-fourth of
one per cent, each month, as aforesaid, upon the
capital of any bank, association, company, or cor-
poration, and on the capital employed by any person
in the business of banking, beyond tho average
amount invested in United States bonds; and a tax
of one sixtb of one per cent, each month upon the
average amount of circulation issued by any bank,
association,corporation,company, or person, includ-
ing as circulation all certified checks and all notes
and other obligations calculated or intended to cir-
culate or to be used as money, but not including that
in tho vault of tho bank, or redeemed and on deposit
lor said bank. And a true and accurate return of
the amount of circulation, of deposits and of capital,
as aforesaid, and of the amount of notes of persons.
State banks and State banking associations, and of
cities, towns, or other municipal corporations, paid
out by them for the previous month, shall be made
andrendered monthlyby each of themto theassessor
ot the district in which such bank, association, cor-
poration, or company may be located, or in which
such person has his place of business, with a decla-
ration annexed thereto,verified by the oathor atiirm-
ation of such person, or of the president or cashier
ofsuch bank, association, corporation, or company,
in such form and manner as may bo prescribed by
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue. And for any
refusal or neglect to make or to render such return
and pay the tax, any such bank, association,corpora-
tion, company, or person so in default shall bo
subiect to and pay a penalty of $200, besides tho ad-
ditional penalty and forfeitures in other cases pro-
vided by law; and in default of such return the
several amounts subject to tax shall be estimated by
the assessor or assistant assessor on the best informa-
tion he can obtain. And in the case of banks with
branches each branch shall make a separate return,
and I ho tax shall be assessed on the deposits, eireu-
1-n ion, and capital of each severally. And so much
of the forty-fir.-t section of the "Act to provide a
national currency secured by a pledge of United
Si ite^ bonds, and to provide tor tho circulation and
redemption thereof," approved Juno 3, 1861, as im-
poses a tax on the banks organized under that act,
be and is hereby, repealed : Provided, lhat the de-
i.OMts in associations or companies known as provi-
dent institutions, savings banks, savings funds, or
savmjrs institutions, having no capital stock ana
doing no other business than receiving deposits to
be loaned or invested for the sole benefitt of the
parties making such deposits, without profit or com-
pensation to the association « company,. shall be
exempt from tax on so much of their deposits as they
have invested in securities of the United States, anct
on all deposits less than $500 madein the nameofany
one person ; and tho returns reauired to be made by
such pi ovident institutions and savings banks shall
be made on tho first Monday of J anuary and July ot
each year, in such torn and manner as may' be pre
scribed by the Commissioner of Interna* iie\enut.
Mr. SOHENCK. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to offer the
following amendment:
Page 166, line one hundred and twenty-three, before
the word " cities " insert the word "Stateso that
it will read:
And a truo and accurate return of the amount of
circulation, of deposit, and of capital, as aforesaid,
and of the amount of notest of persons. State banks
and State banking associations, and of State, cities,
towns, or other municipal corporations, paid out by
them for the previous month, shall be made and ren-
dered monthly, &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am also instructed by
the Committee of Ways and Means to offer the
following amendment:
Page 167, line forty-two, strike out the words "the
deposits, circulation, and capital of;" so that the
clause will read:
And in the case of banks with branches each branch
shall make a separate return, and the tax shall be
assessed on each severally.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I offer the followingaraend-
ment from the Committee of Ways and Means:
Page 167, at the end of line forty-seven insert the
words "and requires returns to be made to the Treas-
urer of the United States;" so that the clause will
read:
And so much of the forty-first section of the act
to provide a national currency secured by a pledgo
of United States bonds, andto provide for the circula-
tion and redemption thereof, approved June 3,1861,
as imposes a tax on the banks organized under that
act, and requires returns to be made to the Treasurer
of the United States, be, and is hereby repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. On page 166, line fourteen, I
move to strike out "one sixth'' and insert" one
twenty-fourth" in lieu thereof; so that the
clause will read:
And a tax of one twenty-fourth of one per cent,
each month upon the average amount of circulation
issued by any bank, association, corporation, com-
pany, or person.
I make the motion for the reasons which I
will state briefly, and I would like to have the
attention of the committee for Ja very short
time. Take a bank of $200,000 capital. This
bill proposes to tax them half of one per cent,
on their capital; that is $1,000. Then half
of one per cent on their deposits. I suppose
the bank will have $500,000 deposits. 1 am
not supposing a case; I have such a bank right
in my eye. That makes a tax of $2,500 on
deposits. Then there is a $400 tax imposed
before they can commence business. Put that
down. The first thing a bank has to do is to
pay into the Treasury of the United States
$400. And then this bill proposes to tax them
two per cent, on their circulation. If the bank
has a capital of $200,000, it will have a circu-
lation of $180,000. Two per cent, on $180,000
is $3,600. Now, if gentlemen have put the
figures down, they will find that I have got three
and three quarters per cent, on the capital.
Now, in the next place, I assume—at least
I do not assume it, for I have the papers to
prove it—that it will cost for the expenses of
running the bank a little over two per cent,
on the capital. Put it down at two per cent,
in round numbers. Gentlemen ask me if that
is a national tax. I tell them no; it is for
rent of the bank building, pay of the cashier,
teller, book-keeper, and discount clerk—-I do
uot include pay of the president and direct-
ors—and fuel, light, and stationery, without
which a bank cannot run. Now, if gentlemen
will put the figures together, they will discover
that they have got between eight and ten per
cent, on the capital of that bank. I know, sir,
that a man who stands up here to advocate the
cause of banks or railroads is in a losing busi-
ness, and I do not expect that this will amount
to anything. But I advertise gentlemen that
no bank, unless it be in some Atlantic city, or
at some central point of commercial opera-
tions, can do business under thistax._ It must
be very plain to any gentleman that if he has
$100,000 to invest he had better loan it out at
current rates of interest at six, eight, or ten
per cent., and have no expense for Govern-
ment or State tax, than to bank with it under
the national banking law, with that law as it
now stands. And, by the way, let me heie
remark that I have not included the State,
county, and municipal tax, which a friend near
me suggests is tw® and a half per cent. If it
be the object of the Committee of Ways and
Means to get rid of these banks this will answer
first)
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman inform us what his bank, as he de-
scribes it, gets as interest on its loans ? He says
the capital is $200,000. What amount of loans
does it draw interest on?
Mr. BLAINE. In other words, what is the
amount of its deposits.
Mr. PRICE. I have told the gentleman;
about five hundred thousand dollars. It has a
circulation of $180,000.
But there is another item connected with this
matter. In reference to banks with a capital
under $200,000, the rate of interest would
be greater. Go into the country, away from
the great commercial centers, you will find
$50,000 and $100,000 banks; the majority of
them will be of that class.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I do not
think the gentleman has answered my question.
He states that his bank has a capital of $200,000,
a circulation of $180,000, and $500,000 of de-
posits, making $880,000 in all.
Mr. SAWYER. Does the gentleman sup-
pose a bank will loan its entire capital ?
Mr. PRICE. If my friend from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Hooper] thinks our banks loan all
their deposits, their circulation, and their capi-
tal, he is very much mistaken.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Answer
my question, if you please.
Mr. PRICE. There have been questions put
to me, looking toward the investment of the
capital of a bank ; I am not certain whether
they are put for the purpose of acquiring in-
formation, or for an opposite purpose.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I put
my question for tho purpose of getting the
gentleman's statement before the committee.
Mr. PRICE. I hope my friend from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Hoofer] will keep as quiet
as a man of his temperament can until 1 am
through. Then he can take his five minutes,
and I will listen to him with a great deal of
pleasure. I suppose that gentlemen all know
that before a bank can get its $180,000 cir-
culation, it has to put $200,000 in bonds on
deposit in the Treasury of the United States.
That is where its capital goes.
Mr. BLAINE. And the bank gets six per
cent, interest in gold on those bonds.
Mr. PRICE. Yes ; so they do; but they do
not lend it out in every direction. And this
interest I have ciphered up here more than
eats up the interest the bank gets on its bonds.
The expense of running the bank under the
law is more than that. Therefore, as I have
said, so far as that goes tho bank is losing
money, a d had far better keep its money out
of the bank and use it in some other kind of
business. There is nothing wrong in these
figures of mine. And when my friend from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Hooper] gets the floor I want
him to show me where the figures are wrong
if he can, and not deal in glittering generali-
ties.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I riso
formally to oppose the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Iowa, [Mr. Price,] for the purpose
of giving the gentleman an opportunity to
answer my question fairly and squarely. He
says that the capital of his bank is $200,000.
Mr. PRICE. I did not say my bank.
Sir. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. _ Well, the
bank which he presented by way of illustrating
his position. He said lie knew all about it,
and I supposed it was his bank. That bank lias
a capital of $200,000, a circulation of $180,000,
and deposits to the amount of $500,000, mak-
ing $880,000 in all.
Mr. PRICE. The bank is obliged to keep
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I admit
that a portion of it is held in reserve; but 1
think the gentleman will admit th&t tue oa.uK?
