1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4135
Mr. BOUTWELL. I cannot give way for
a speech. I yield for a question.
Mr. MYERS. I desire to say that I have
no objectionto this bill, but I do not see entirely
the motive for this particular change which it
proposes. 1 know that in the selection of Com-
missioner of Patents neither the President nor
the Senate have exorcised that care which
would always secure a gentleman of mechanical
skill, such as one of the examiners, of whom
my friend speaks, possesses, and therefore the
chief clerk is as likely to be competent for the
office as most of the nominees sent to the Sen-
ate. But th is bill alters the whole theory and 
Mr. BOUTWELL. The gentleman's re-
marks are entirely aside from the question.
To prove that heretofore the President has
put men in that office who are not qualified is
no excuse for ns.
Mr. MYERS. I think my fiiend will allow
me one word further. I have not made the
assertion that hitherto there have been incom-
petent men appointed to that place. I simply
mean to say i\e are as likely to get from the
body of the people competent men as by taking
an examiner of patents. But this bill alters the
whole construction of the Patent Office hitherto,
which has been satisfactory to the House. It
alters the theory of the law and makes it
entirely different as applicable to this office
from what it is as applied to any other office.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. MARSHALL. I demand the yeas and
nays.
On seconding the demand for the yeas and
nays there were—ayes twenty-two; not one-
fifth of the members present.
Mr. ADAMS. I demand tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and the chair appointed
Meisrs. Boutwell and Marshall.
The House divided ; and the tellers reoorted
ayes thirty-six.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 38, nays 96, not voting
67 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Delos E. Ashley, Bailey,
Baker, Banks, Boutwell, Benjamin F. Butler, Cook,
Dawes, Dixon, Donnelly, Ela, Eliot, Freneh, Gar-
field. Uriswold. Hamilton, Higby, Hinds, Chester _D.
llubbard. Hulburd, Judd, Laflin, Lynch, Marvin,
Moore, Moorhcad, SlorreU, Pike, Pomeroy, Ross,
Sawyer, Spalding, Taylor, Eliiiu B, Washburne,
William B. Washburn, James F. Wilson, and Win-
dom—38.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Archer, Axtell,
Beatty, Beck, Benton, Binechnm, Blair, Boles, Boyd en,
Bnyer, Brooks, Broomali, Buekland. Roderick It.
Butler. Cake, Gary. Chanlcr, Churchill, Reader W.
Clarke, Sidnev Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Oovode, Cul-
loni, Delano, Dockory, Etdride^e, Farnsworth, Ferriss,
Fields, Fox. Get?., Giosabrenner. Golladay, Grovcr,
Height, Hawkins, Ileaton, Iiill, Hopkins. Hotchkiss,
Hunter, Jenckes, Johnson, Alexander H. Jones,
Julian, Kols>>y.KeiT, ICitehen, Knott, Koontz, George
V. La wrence. William Lawrence, Logan, Loughridge,
Marshall. Maynard, McCarthy, McCIurg, McKee,
Meieur, Miller, Mullins, Myers, Niblack, Nicholson,
O'Neill, Ortb, Pel ham. Peters. Polsley, Randall,
Rauin, Robertson, Schenck, Scofield, Selye, Shanks,
Sitgreaves.Stailiweather, Thnddeus Stevens, Stokes,
Taber. LawrenceS. Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Aiiken,
Van Trump, Ward. Henry I). Washburn, Welker,
Thomas Williams. William Williams, John X. Wil-
son, and Stephen F. Wilson—9o.
NOT VOTfN"fr—Messrs. Anderson, Arnell, James
M. Ashley, Baldwin,Barnes, Barman,Beanian,Ben-
jamin, Blaine, Bvomwell, Burr, Cornell, Deweese,
per; oil, Thomas L. jones, Kefley. Keteham, Lin
coin. Loan, Mallorv, MeCormick, McCullough.Mor-
rissey Mungen, Novrcomb, Nunn, Paine, Phelps,
Pile, Plants,Poland, Price, Pruyn, Robinson, Roots,
Sbcllabni'tter, Smith, Aaron F. Stevens, Stewart,
Stone, Taife, Thomas, John Trimble, Twichell, Up-
son, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van
Horn, Van Wyck, O.ahvaiadcr C. Washburn, Wood,
Woodbridge, and Woodward—67.
So the report of the committee of confer-
ence was disagreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote just taken ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter mction was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
the appointment of another committee of con-
ference, with the understanding that I shall
not be put on the committee.
The morion was agreed to ; and the Speaker
appointed as conferees on the part of the
House Messrs. Pomeroy, Lawtlexce of Ohio,
and Eldridge.
FUN'DIXG THE PUBLIC DEBT.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill in regard to funding the public debt.
Mr. RANDALL. I made the point of order
that the second section of the bill contains an
appropriation and hence ought to go to the
Committee of the Whole, and the point of
order was sustained. I maintain, therefore,
that the bill is not now before the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustained the
point of order, that the bill must receive its
first consideration in Committee of the Whole.
That, however, does not debar the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] from moving to
recommit the bill to the committee. When it
comes up again the same point of order will
apply.
Mr. RANDALL. I give notice that I shall
make the same point of order when it comes
up again.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the bill and
amendments be printed, and recommitted to
the Committee of Ways and Means, giving
notice that I shall exercise the power which
we have to report it back at any time to-mor-
row morning immediately after the reading of
the Journal, and I will then ask to have imme-
diate action on it, either in Committee of the
Whole or out of it, as the House may determ-
ine.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
to lay the bill on the table.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order. It would be considering the bill, and
it cannot be considered in the House.
Mr. SOIIENCK. My colleague on the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means from Indiana, [Mr.
Niblack:,] has an amendment which he desires
to offer, and which I include in the motion to
print, and also an amendment which I propose
to offer mvself in a certain contingency.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I would also like to
have printed an amendment which I desire to
offer.
The question was taken on Mr. Schxeck's
motion ; and it was agreed to.
So the bill was recommitted to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and, with the various
amendments, ordered to be printed.
indians at devil's lake.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a letter
from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, with a
letter from John Thompson, asking an appro-
priation of S17,0GI 43 for supplies furnished
Indians in the vicinity of Devil's lake, in the
winters of 18G7 and 1868 ; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
captives among t1ie oo.maxcues.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a let-
ter from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
relative to captives in the hands of the Coman-
clies and Kioway Indians, and asking an
appropriation of $10,000 for the recovery of
said eaptives; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
tariff bill.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I now move that the
rules be suspended, and the House resolve it-
self into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the tariff bill, and pending
that motion, with a view to having an evening
session for business, [cries of "No!'' No!"] 1 I
move that the Committee of the W hole may I
take a recess from such hour as it sees fit till |
half past seven o'clock. [
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that 1
the order for evening sessions for debate was
made expressly so that a majority of the House
might otherwise order.
Mr. C ULLOM. I desire to state that many
gentlemen have signified to me their desire to
speak to-night and I have promised them an
opportunity to do so, supposing the House
would not rescind the order.
^ Mr. MOORHEAD. I call for the question.
The gentleman had no right to make such a
promise.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
inquire if the gentleman proposes to have aii
evening session for general business or for the
tariff bill only?
The SPEAKER. For general business; but
the business before the Committee of the
Whole is the tariff bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is no
other business to be done?
The SPEAKER. There might be after the
House come out of committee unless an in-
junction to the contrary should be made now.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I will make my motion
distinctly for the purpose of considering the
tariff bill.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent to order that no other business shall
be done.
Mr. ALLISON. I object.
Mr. C ULLOM. I hope the motion will be
voted down.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I hope not.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move that the
House take a recess.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That will
give an evening session for debate.
The SPEAKER. An evening session for
debate only.
The question was put on the motion of Mr.
Wilson, of Iowa, and there were—ayes 64,
noes 54.
Mr. MOORHEAD demanded the yeas and
nays.
Mr. SPALDING called for tellers on tho
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Spalding
and Fox were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
forty-two in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas G5, nays 64, not voting
<2 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Archer, James M. Ashley. Axtell,Baker. Beatty, Beck,
Benjamin, Benton, Boyden, Boyer, Brooks, Buck-
land, Cary, Sidney Clarke, Cook, Cullom, Ela, Eld-
ridge, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Fox, Glossbrenner, tiol-
ladav,Gravely,Grover, Haight, Hamilton, Hawkins,
Higfiy, Hooper, Hulburd, Hunter, Johnson, Judd,
Kerr, Kitchen, Knott, Laflin, Loughridge, Marshall,
Niblack, Nicholson, Orth, Perham, Peteis, Pike,
Pile, Pomeroy, Rauin, Ross, Sawyer, Shanks, Taber,
Lawrence S. Trimble, Twichell,Upson, Van Auken,
Van Trump, Khhu B.Washburne.WUhamWiUiams,
and James F. Wilson—(Jo.
NAYS—Messrs. Arnell. Delos R. Ashley, Bailey,
Banks, Bingham, Blair, Broomali, RodorickR. But-
ler, Cake, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Co-
burn, Covode, Dawes, Delano, Dixon, Dockery,
Driggs, Fields, French, Getz, Hill. Hinds, Hotchkiss,
Chester D. Hubbard, Alexander H. Jones, Kelley,
Keteham, Koontz, George V. Lawrence, Lynch,Mai-
lory, Marvin, Maynard, McCarthy, McClurg. McKee,
Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moornead, Morrell, Mullins,
Myers. O'Neill, Poland, Polsley, Randall, Robertson,
Schenck, Scotield, Selye, Sitgreaves, Spalding, Stark-
weather, Taylor,Trowbridge, Waid, Henry D. Wash-
burn, William B. Wastiburn, Welker, Thomas Wil-
liams, and Stephen F. Wilson—64.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Baldwin, Barnes, Bar-
num, Beaman, Blaine, Boles, Boutwell, Bromwell,
Burr, Benjamin F. Butler,Chanler,Cornell, Deweese,
Dodge, Donnelly, Eckley, Eggleston, Eliot, Ferry,
Finney, Garfield,Griswold, Halsey, llardmg.IIeaton,
Holman, Hopkins, Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard I>.
Hubbard, Humphrey, Ingersoll, Jenckes.Thomas L.
Jones, Julian, lvelsey, William Lawrence, Lincoln,
Loan, Logan, McCormick, McCullough, Morrissey,
Mungen, Newcomb, Nunn, Paine, Phelps, Plants,
Price, Prnyn, Robinson, Roots,Sheilabarger, Smith,
Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart,
Stokes, Stone, Taffe, Thomas, John Trimble, Van
Acrnain, Burt Van Horn, RobertT. \ an Horn. Van
Wvek, Cadwalader C. Washburn, John I. Witeon,
Windorn, Wood, Wood bridge, and Woodward u.
So the motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at four o'clock and fifty minutes p. m.) the
House took a recess until half past seven
o'clock p. in.
