186a.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2087
joint committee, and after meeting and agree-
ing on the various points of previous differ-
ence tlie committee directed me to draw up
the amendments which were agreed upon and
deemed necessary in order to cure these de-
fects in the original law. I endeavored to do
so ; succeeded, I now fear, but indifferently,
judging from the tenor of the arguments to
which I have listened. I fear the language
of the law is somewhat ambiguous, and that
its meaning may not be perfectly clear, espe-
cially to the minds of those who were not per-
sonally conversant with the facts to which I
have referred. But in the mindsof those con-
versant with these facts there can be no doubt
as to the intention of Congress when the law
of 18G1 was passed. To all such the design
of that bill must be perfectly clear.
Now I come to the arguments that have
been presented by Senators who have differed
from this view. It is said that Congress could
not have intended this central branch to be a
part of the through line, because this line, ex-
tending from Atchison westward for one hun-
dred miles, as provided for originally, would
not have reached to the line of the branch road
extending from the mouth of the Kansas river
up to the one hundredth meridian along the
Republican river by some forty or fifty miles.
On this point I would remark that I hold in my
hand a map made at the General Land Office,
drawn from the official surveys, showing it to
be just about one hundred and eight miles due
west from the town of Atchison to the channel
of the Republican river. If any Senator is
curious he will see that, computing the town-
ships, which are generally a little under six
miles across, the distance is about one hundred
and eight miles.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How far from St. Joseph
by way of Atchison?
Mr. HARLAN. It is a little further. Hence
no adverse conclusion can be legitimately drawn
from the provisions of the law limiting subsi-
dies on this branch to one hundred miles, for
this must be construed in connection with an-
other clause providing that these branches
should be so located as to enable it to make
the connection within the limits indicated.
Then, to make that more sure, if greater cer-
tainty was possible, another clause was put in
providing that these several branch lines should
be located subject to the approval of the Pres-
ident of the United States. It being about one
hundred and eight miles due west from Atchi-
son to the channel of the Republican river,
every Senator will perceive that it was practi-
cable to make the connection within the limits
named in the law; it is clear, therefore, that
what we have heretofore aeeertained to have
been the intention of Congress was perfectly
practicable; that these parties, by the con-
struction of one hundred miles of road, could
have secured their connection with the main
trunk line had the Eastern Division Company
built its road up .the Republican river, as pro-
vided in the law of 1864.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Allow me to ask the
Senator what the word "limits " in the clause
of the law to which he now alludes referred to?
What are the "limits" meant by that expres-
sion?
Mr. HARLAN. The limits in relation to
this road would be, of course, the limit of one
hundred miles extending from the eastern ter-
minus to the western terminus, or the point of
connection with either the main line or some
one of the branches.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to make an inquiry? If that be the mean-
ing of this law, will lie explain how the Iowa
road could possibly have connected with the
eastern division, the purpose being to connect
with the main trunk, when it would have been
compelled to cross the main trunk in order to
get down to the eastern division at all ?
Mr. HARLAN. Why, Mr. President, the
company incorporated by the law ol 1862 was
required to build the eastern branch from the
. one hundredth meridian to some point on the
west side of Iowa, to be fixed by the President
of the United States, so that practically there
was no difficulty, however there may have been
an ambiguky^in the language of the law itself.
Mr. CONKLING. My trouble is this : ac-
cording to the Senator's construction of the
act it applies to what is now called the eastern
division, and it was compelled to so locate its
road that the Iowa road and this road of which
he now speaks, among others, could connect
with it within their respective number of miles.
It that be so, does it not make nonsense of the
section, because would it not require the Iowa
road to run across the very road which ulti-
mately it was to connect with, in order to get !
a connection with this road which would bring i
it back upon that route which it had thus 1
crossed? j
Mr. HARLAN. Not at all , as it seems to me. :
Mr. POMEROY. The Iowa road referred -
to is the Sioux City road. That had to make j
connection before it got to the one hundredth j
meridian. !
Mr. HARLAN. The Sioux City road was ;
not limited to any definite number of miles, !
but was to be built from Sioux City so as to j
connect with the main trunk line on the one {
hundredth meridian or with the so-called ;
Omaha branch at some point east of the one j
hundredth meridian, the length of the line being j
subject to the result of engineering; and so '
with the main Iowa line, so called, from the :
one hundredth meridian to Omaha, the length ,
of that line would depend, of course, on the j
result of engineering. Hence there may be a !
surplusage of language in describing what was
intended in the law when it says, " so that the
several lines may form their connection within
the limits indicated;" but, if so, it applies surely
to this one branch, the number of miles of
which was definitely fixed. This was one of
the lines or branches named, and it was entitled
to a connection within the limits specified.
This connection was practicable, and the law
of 1866 made it the duty of the President of the
United States to supervise the location of these
branch roads so as to put it beyond the power
of one of these companies to so locate its line
as to render a connection impracticable for
any other of the lines named.
I have the law before me; I aided to frame
it; I cannot be mistaken, I think, as to the
meaning of the phraseology. I am certain
that I do not misunderstand the original design
of those who framed it. Bat the Senator from
New York [Mr. Coxklixg] says that if these
parties have the legal right why do they not go
to the courts for a remedy instead of coming
to Congress ? Well, sir, it is a sufficient answer
to say that they have a choice of remedies ;
before the courts to secure a correct construc-
tion of the law, in 9. judgment or decree, in !
some case involving the rights of individuals ; '
or before Congress, to secure the passage of
an explanatory act. They have chosen the
latter course for reasons satisfactory to them-
selves, and as Congress is competent to act.
is able to remove all ambiguity, and as the
Senate has taken jurisdiction there is no good
reason for dismissing the case if a remedy as
complete and perfect were attainable else-
where.
But the Senator alleges that this company
has already received vast subsidies from the
Government; that they need 110 additional aid
to enable them to secure ample returns for the
capital invested; and, therefore, if the legal
rights of this company are not absolutelj' clear
and imperative, the remedy sought should not
be granted; that these gentlemen have no just
claims to the sympathies of members of Con-
gress. He enumerates their assets in glowing
words. He says they are entitled to twelve hun-
dred thousand acres of land, a large tract of
Indian lands, $1G,000 per mile of Government
bonds, and $16,000 per mile in their own com-
pany bonds, making, in the aggregate, §32,000
per mile of bonds which they have received
already to aid them in the construction of the
one hundred miles now completed.
Well, sir, the whoie amount of land has been
ascertained to be much less than was supposed
by Congress when the bill passed—the Gov-
ernment lands amounting to but about two
hundred and thirty thousand acres on the one
hundred miles, and the Indian lands are not in
the nature of subsidy, they having been paid
for under a contract with the Government at
a higher rate than they would have commanded
from any other purchaser; and the $32,000
of bonds per mile is a debt owed by the com-
pany, not money due to the company; the com-
pany, in the construction of this road, has
contracted a debt represented by bonds to the
amount of $32,000 per mile.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, the' unfinished busi-
ness now in order is the report of the select
Committee on the Revision of the Rules of the
Senate. That report is now regularly before
the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. I suggest that it be laid
aside informally for a few minutes. I think
we shall be through with this bill very soon.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think we had better
take up the rules. We shall get through with
them in half an hour, I think.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is one rule that I
have delayed introducing separately, in the
hope that the Senator from Rhode Island would
have it passed, and that is to protect the morn-
ing hour from interruption.
Mr. AN MO NY. That is in these rules.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope we shall adopt
the rules to that extent. I presume that will
excite no debate.
Mr. ANTHONY. Let us take up the whole
report.
Mr. HO WARD. I propose that the rules be
laid aside for the purpose of proceeding with
the consideration of the railroad bill.
Mr.' ANTHONY. I hope not. The Senate
a year ago came to the conclusion that the
rules should be revised for the orderly and
convenient transaction of its business, and it
intrusted that duty to a committee. We have
given considerable attention to it and have pre-
pared a report which has been read once as in
Committee of the Whole, and [ believe no
amendments were suggested, though I think
there are one or two amendments which cer-
tain Senators have to suggest that will lead to
no debate. I presume we can get through with
that report in half an hour; but if it takes all
the day it ought to be taken up. That busi-
ness is the regular order, and cannot be laid
aside without a formal vute.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The regular
order will be passed over informally, by unani-
mous consent, if there be no objection.
Mr. ANTHONY. I object.
Mr. CONKLING. I object to its being
passed over informally.
Mr. HOWARD. I move, then, that the
unfinished business be laid aside, and that the
Senate proceed with the consideration of the
bill we have had under debate.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will state that I have
been trying for live or six weeks to get up this
report, in season and out of season ; and now,
if the Senate gives it the go by, I shall think I
have discharged my duty and so will my asso-
ciates on the committee, and leave the matter
in the hands of those who think the rules require
revision.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not think the Senator
ought to put us in that condition. I am dis-
posed to allow my colleague [Mr. Harlan] to
go 011 and complete his remarks, and not cut
him off in the middle of them : and, therefore,
1 shall be compelled to vote against tho Sen-
ator's proposition.
Mr. ANTHONY. But the motion is to lay
the report of the select Committee on the Rules
aside for the purpose of continuing the consid-
eration of the subject upon which the Senator
from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] was speaking. I have
110 objection to his finishing his remarks. I do
not wish to cut him off in the middle of them.
Mr. CON NESS. Let us finish ths bill and
get it out of theway. , .
Mr. ANTHONY. That I object to. If it
can be understood that the Senator from Iowa
