3112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
under all circumstances, will find a reserve of
$280,000 sufficient, thus leaving, aside from its
capital, $400,000 which it can loan. At six
percent., that will be $24,000 which it receives
for interest on its loans. Then, on the bonds
it has deposited in the Treasury for its circula-
tion, it receives interest at the rate of six per
cent, in gold, which will be equal to at least eight
per cent, in currency.
Mr. MULLINS. It is equal to §8 40 in
currency.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. That will
then be equal to $16,800 in currency, which the
bank receives as interest on its bonds; which,
added to the $24,000 it receives as interest on
its loans, will make $40,800. Now, I think
when the gentleman comes to deduct his ex-
penses from that amount, he will find that there
is a pretty g.ood margin left as profits.
Mr. PRICE. With a little experience in
banking. I confess it never occurred to me that
it was quite so profitable a business as my friend
from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] makes it
out to be. The banker takes $'200,000 to start
with; that is all there is in the concern, and
buys bonds with every dollar of it, and those
bonds are deposited in the Treasury of the
United States. For that $200,000 in bonds
draws back §180,000in currency. Ho receives
his current deposits in the bank §500,000. He
has now $680,000. He proposes out of that
$680,000 to loan $600,000.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. My state-
ment was that the bank has altogether
$880,000, of which it loans $400,000, making,
with the $200,000 in bonds, $600,000 upon
which the bank receives interest, leaving $280,-
000 for reserve.
Mr. PRICE. I beg the gentleman's pardon
if I do not state his position correctly. This
banker has oil hand altogether $680,000,
$500,000 of which is current deposits; and he
loans $600,000, leaving $80,000 with which to
meet that indebtedness of $500,000 due the
depositors. Would $80,000 be considered by
sound bankers a sufficient margin?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Two hun-
dred and eighty thousand dollars.
Mr. PRICE. No; thegentlemanismistaken.
There are $680,000 to start with, $500,000 of
deposits and $180,000 of circulation.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. And
$200,000 capital.
Mr. PRICE. But the capital is in bonds.
My friend counts that $200,000 twice.
Mr. PIKE. I would like to ask the gentle-
man whether such a bank as that pays.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I move pro forma to amend
the amendment by striking out " one twenty -
fourth," andinserting " one twelfth." I make
this motion merely for the purpose of inquiring
of my colleague, [Mr. Hooper, of Massachu-
setts,] who seems to have charge of®this part
of the bill, first, what reason has governed the
Committee of Ways and M^eans in proposing
to double the tax upon circulation without
increasing the tax upon deposits; and sec-
ondly, what will be the effect of this change
upon the country banks as compared with the
city banks? I yield my colleague the remainder
of my timethathemay answer these questions.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I will say
frankly, in reply to the question of my col-
league, that our reason for proposing to increase
the tax upon circulation was that this circula-
tion is furnished by the United States ; the
credit of this circulation is the credit of the
Government, the Government being responsi-
ble for it; and we thought it not unfair, under
the circumstances, that the Government should
receive one third of the lowest rate of interest
which a bank gets by loaning that circulation.
If my colleague will look at the returns made
by the Comptroller of the Currency, he will find
that, with every national bank, the whole
amount of its circulation (I say the whole,
because it is so nearly that) is constantly out,
constantly drawing interest for the bank. No
bank gets less than six per cent, on the amount
it has in circulation ; and as this circulation is
furnished by the Government, circulated upon
the faith and credit of the Government, the
Government being responsible for it, it seemed
to the committee perfectly just that the Gov-
ernment should receive as tax one third of the
interest which the bank earns upon it at the
lowest rates at which banks are in the habit of
loaning money. Another consideration was
that there had been a great deal of discussion
in regard to the injustice of permitting the
banks to have any circulation at all.
In reply to the other branch of my colleague's
question, I will say that this proposed increase
of taxation on circulation will, I think, operate
in the same way upon the.country and the city
banks in proportion to the amount of their
respective circulation. It appears to me that
upon a city bank with $200,000 circulation
the effect, would be precisely the same as upon
a country bank with $200,000 circulation.
Mr. DAWES. How are the comparative
deposits of the city and the country banks?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I pre-
sume the deposits are heavier in the cities.
Mr. BLAINE. Take, for instance, the Mer-
chant's Bank of Boston, the largest bank in
Boston.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I do not
refer to individual cases.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON. 1 desire to oppose the
amendment proposed by my friend from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Dawes;] and I judge from
the question he asked his colleague that he him-
self lives in the region of country banks. Now,
sir, 1 do not desire this controversy between
the city and country banks shall result in re-
ducing this tax upon circulation. I find from
an examination of the report of the Comptrol-
ler of the Currency that the taxes paid by these
banks average two and a quarter per cent, to
the United States, and alike sum to theseveral
States. That is the existing tax on the circu-
lation of the national banks. I do not know
whether ho is seriously in favor of the reduc-
tion of that or not. The effect of this bill is
foincrease tue tax on the circulation of national
banks one per cent. They are now taxed one per
cent, per annum on the circulation, and we pro-
pose a tax of two per cent. I think the answer
of my colleague on the committee a good one.
Mr. BLAINE. Does the gentleman argue,
as the taxes now stand, that it is fairer to put
double tax upon the circulation than upon the
deposits ?
Mr. ALLISON. If he is anxious to put a
tax upon deposits——
Mr. BLAINE. My questionis whetherif you
arc going to raise so much tax out of the national
bunk system which is the fairest way to get it.
^ Mr. ALLISON. That is a pertinent ques-
tion. One way is to tax the circulation of
national banks.
Mr. BLAINE. Thpy are already taxed one
per cent, upon circulation.
Mr. ALLISON. I understand that, and I
have so stated that the circulation of the
national banks is taxed one per cent. This
circulation is an absolute gratuity to these
banks. These banks in the cities as well as in
the country issue every dollar of circulation
that they are authorized to issue, and they
send these notes out into circulation from
Maine to the Gulf of Mexico. They do not
redeem them, and if they did it would be in
greenbacks, which, practically, is no redemp-
tion. My idea is that these national banks
can maintain this tax so long as we do not
resume specie payment. I am sorry that my
colleague [Mr. Price] did not answer what
the bank he cited received annually in the
shape of dividends. I do not know of any
national bank that has not divided semi-an-
nually a respectable dividend. If he will turn
to the report of the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency he will find that each one of them has
a respectable surplus.
Mr. DAWES. How do the dividends of the
city banks compare with those of the country
banks?
Mr. ALLISON. I will answer the gentle-
man. I think that much depends upon the
management of the banks. I know of a bank
in Chicago that pays a semi-annual dividend
of twenty per cent. That is a„good bank. Is
is welt managed. I know some country banks
that pay semi-annual dividends of fifteen per
cent. These are well managed banks. Now,
svhat we propose is an additional tax on these
national banks of $3,000,000.
Mr. PRICE. Are there not banks which
have been compelled to wind up, and which
do no business ?
Mr. ALLISON. Of course. There was one
in the oil region of Pennsylvania. It will not
pay to do business if they are not well man-
aged. These national banks have special priv-
ileges thrown around them. Their charters-are
valuable whether in city or country. They mo-
nopolize because of their charters all the busi-
ness in the cities and drive out private bankers.
Mr. BENTON. I ask if this tax on circu-
lation is not calculated to prevent circulation
and to restrict it?
Mr. ALLISON. That is an answer to my
friend over the way. If these national banks
are not satisfied with their circulation, let them
return it, and we will find others that will take
it. I know several towns in my State without
national banks, and they cannot get this circu-
lation because it is monopolized by New York
and New England. We propose a tax of
$3,000,000 on the circulation of the national ■
banks, and having this monopoly they can well
afford it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to strike out one
twenty-fourth and make it one twenty-fifth,
merely for the purpose of making a remark in
reply to the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Price.]
I will leaveivithout comment the answer made
by my colleague on the committee, showing
that, upon his own statement the bank that he
had in his mind ought to make sixteen per
cent. net. But there is another funny fallacy,
if I may be allowed to make the alliteration,
which he has been treating us to. What have
we done? We have left the tax on deposits as
it was, we have taxed the capital the same,
one twenty-fourth of one per cent., and we
have increased by this bill the tax on circula-
tion from one twelfth of one per cent, to one
sixth. Now, what is the gentleman's calcula-
tion? He says we have charged one twenty-
fourth on deposits, which is one half per cent,
a year; one twenty-fourth on capital, which is
another half per cent, a year, and we have
charged one sixth on circulation, which i?
two per cent, a year; thus making, says he,
three per cent, on the property of the banker.
Now, suppose I had a pig, a horse, and a cow,
and I paid twenty-five cents on the pig. one
dollar on the horse, and seventy-five cents on
the cow. Adding them all together the gentle-
man would say that I paid two dollars all
round, on the pig, the horse, and the cow.
That would be precisely his argument. We
charge so much on deposits, so much on capi-
tal, and so much on circulation — separate
things. The gentleman adds them all together
and makes three per" cent, a year, and he says
that we are charging three per cent, on all the
property in the banks. It is precisely the case
of the pig, horse, and cow. Although the tax
is paid on each separate thing, he takes the
aggregate and makes out his case.
1 am merely giving this as a specimen of
the gentleman's logic. Now, what we propose
is, as we tax the privilege of supplying the
country with money upon that franchise by
which the banks furnish the circulation, we
thought we might well afford, now that we
extend this franchise to the national banks—
which are in fact all that are really worth consid-
ering, because the State banks have been driven
pretty much out of existence—to add another
one twelfth, and thus make it one sixth of one
per cent, per annum instead of one-twelfth as
befoi-e.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to say, with all due
respeetfor the Committee of Ways and Means,
