2088
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
March 25,
shall finish his remarks, and that then we shall
S°.on ,w^1 the unfinished business, I have no
objection to that. I wish to extend every
courtesy to him.
The PRESIDENTjpro tempore. It can only
be continued by unanimous consent. Objec-
tion is made, and therefore the question is on
the motion of the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. CONKL1NG. I beg to say that I make
no objection to the honorable Senator from
Iowa completing his remarks. My objection
was to going on with the bill.
Mr. FERRY. There is a motion before the
Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the motion is that the
unfinished business belaid aside informally for
the purpose of proceeding with the considera-
tion of this bill until it is finished then I ob-
ject. If the motion is by unanimous consent
to allow the Senator from Iowa to complete
his remarks, I assent with great pleasure. Gen-
tlemen can take either course.
Mr. HOWARD. My motion is to postpone
all other orders and proceed with this bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I object, and call
for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the unfinished business and all prior orders
be postponed for the purpose of proceeding
with the consideration of the present bill, and
ou that question the yeas and nays are de-
manded.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 think we can complete
both these measures to-day. I was a member
of the committee that reported these rules,
and I am anxious, as the Senator from Rhode
Island is, to consider them ; but that is a sub-
ject relating simply to the rules of the Senate,
which can be considered at any time during
the day, but as we are upon the bill I think
we had better complete it.
Mr. CONNESS. Is this discussion in order
after the yeas and nays have been ordered'/
Mr. ANTHONY and Mr. EDMUNDS. Cer-
tainly it is.
Mr. POMEROY. Remarks are as much in
order after the yeas and nays are ordered as
they are before. My point is that I am desir-
ous of passing both measures to-day.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not believe that the
bill now under discussion can be completed in
two days. I believe these rules can bo dis-
posed of in an hour probably; I have no doubt
of it.
Mr. POMEROY. I think they can, and I
think the bill can be, too.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 am one of the commit-
tee who reported these rules, and I think it
right to say that the committee believe, unani-
mously, that the adoption of these rules will
be a great advantage to the orderly progress
and dispatch of the business of the Senate;
that we shall save a great deal of time and
avoid a great deal of confusion, if they arc
once adopted, every day.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is, if they are ob-
served.
• Mr. EDMUNDS. When they are once
adopted we will try to have them observed.
It appeared to us, therefore, that the consid-
eration of the rules was in the nature of a mat-
ter of privilege, and that every Senator, what-
ever bills ho may have in charge, ought to give
way far enough to have the rules improved, if
they can be, so as to facilitate the passage of
just such bills as this and all others that ought
to be acted upon and to pass. Now, to say
that a bill of this kind shall override the con-
sideration of these rules, when we all know
that this b-ill wilt lead to further discussion at
considerable length—I do not mean unfair and
improper length, but further fair and proper
and reasonable discussion—it appears to me is
asking too much; and I appeal to the Senate
to decide whether it is willing to consider these
rules or whether it is not, because we want to
be rid of the responsibility of having them in
L '"life PRESIDENT vro tempore. The ques-
tion is on postponing the unfinished business
for the purpose of continuing the debate on
this bill, on which question the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Conness, Ferry. Fowler,
Grimes, Harlan, Howard, Norton, Nye. Pomcroy,
Ramsey, Ross, Sumner, Tipton, Wade, Willey, and
Wilson—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buokalew, Cole,
Conkling, Corbett, Davis, Doolittle, Edmunds, Fes-
senden, frelinghuyscn, Henderson, illendricks.llowe,
Johnson, MeCreery, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Mor-
rill ofVeruiont, Patterson of New Hampshire, Patter-
son of Tennessee. Saulsbury, Sherman, Trumbull,
Van Winkle, and Williams—26.
ABSENT—Me.-srs.Cameron,Cattell,Cragin. Dixon,
Drake, Morton, Spraguo, Stewart, Thayer, Vickers,
and Yates—11.
So the motion was not agreed to.
army appropriation bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move to take
up the bill (H. R. No. 058) making appropri-
ations for the suppoit of the Army for the year
ending June 30, 18G9, and for other purposes,
which lias been returned from the House of
Representatives, with a view to its reference.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed
by the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I also move to
reconsider the vote ordering it to a third read-
ing.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I now move
that the bill bo recommitted to the Committee
on Appropriations.
'The motion was agreed to.
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, to whom was referred
the bill (II. li. No. 601) making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending June
30, 1809, reported it with amendments.
message j'rom TII13 house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution
(II. R. No. 210) directing the Secretary of
State to present to George Wright, master
of the British brig J. & G. Wright, a gold
chronometer, in appreciation of his personal
services in saving the lives of three American
seamen wrecked at sea on board of the Ameri-
can schooner Lizzie F. Choate, of Massa-
chusetts, in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
supreme court jurisdiction -veto.
During the pendency of the report of the
Committee to Revise the Rules the following
message was received from the President of the
United States by Mr. W. G. Moore, his Sec-
retary :
Mr. President: I am directed by the Presi-
dent of the United States to return to the Sen-
ate, in which House it originated, the bill (S.
No. 213) entitled "An act to amend an act
entitled 'An act to amend the judiciary act
passed on the 24 th of September, 17S9,' " with
his objections thereto in writing.
revision of tub rules.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee
Whole, the consideration of the report sub-
mitted by Mr. AxnioNr on the 21st of Feb-
luarj' last from the select committee appointed
to revise the rules of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to move an amend-
ment—not by the authority of the committee
or against it; it is a matter that has occurred
to me since the report was made. I move to
amend the thirtieth rule by striking out in the
first line the words "proposing additional ap-
propriations," and by striking out the word
" general;" so that, if amended in that respect,
the rule would read :
No amendment shall be received to any appro-
priation bill, unless, &o.
If that is agreed to I shall then move to add
a qualification at the end so as to permit an
amendment to reduce the sum proposed to tie
appropriated to a smaller one, or to strike 16
out altogether, or to correct mere phraseology;
but at present I merely confine my motion to
striking out the words I have named.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Vermont.
Mr. GRIMES and Mr. SHERMAN. Let it
be read.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to explain to the
Senate precisely the object that I have in view.
As I have said, it will need some further words
at the end, which I shall offer if this amend-
ment is agreed to ; but what I propose to ac-
complish, and that is what I wish to call the
attention of the Senate to, is this: to prevent
the loading of appropriation bills with general
provisions of legislation, and to confine every
appropriation bill to precisely what in theory
it is; a lawful direction for the payment of
money out of the Treasury, and nothing else.
I believe that it is very injurious to the course of
egislation and hurtful to the public interest,
after an appropriation bill is reported from a
committee, to have suddenly an amendment
proposed to that (when the nature of the bill,
of course, does not call the attention of any
Senator to what is proposed) making some
alteration in existing law or proposing some
new law, and thus forcing through a provision
sometimes that one House or the other thinks
ought to pass when the other thinks it ought
not, because one House is afraid of having the
appropriation fail altogether, and is, therefore,
in a certain measure, coerced into agreeing to
general legislation -which it otherwise would
not do.
Mr. CONNESS. You propose to protect
yourself against the other House in this way ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am not proposing, in
reply to the Senator from California, to pro-
tect myself against the other House any more
than to protect the other House against my-
self. I am proposing to keep appropriation
bills, which are merely a distinct direction for
the payment of money out of the Treasury, as
I have said, free from the general legislation
of the country. I think we have all witnessed
in our own experience here the evil that I am
endeavoring by this rule to correct. And it is
proper to say in this connection, because it
does not allude to any proceeding of the other
House, that the rules of the other House pro-
vide for that thing now. It requires, as I
understand, unanimous consent in that body
to put a rider on an appropriation bill which
shall change the existing law ; and I believe it
to be a very good provision. Now, what I pro-
pose to accomplish is to make our rule con-
form to that.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to know what
the Senator proposes to put on at the end.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I propose to put on at
the end a qualifying proposition which shall
permit an amendment to strike out one sum
and insert a smaller one, or to strike out any
words/in the bill entirely ; strike out a section;
reduce or in any way change by not going so
faj/as the bill when it is reported does go;
rike out an entire appropriation ; reduce the
sum ; strike out one sum and insert another.
Mr. BUCIvALEW. I should like to inquire
of the Senator whether under that proposition
it will not be in order to strike out. a limiting
clause, a clause limiting the application or
appropriation of money?
Mr-EDMUNDS. Possibly it would ; butif
tho limiting clause is struck out it would be an
appropriation for no purpose at all, and the
appropriation would then become inoperative
entirely. Then I propose, also, of course, to
permit amendments which merely correct the
phraseology of the bill within the scope of its
original design. There is no difficulty in guard-
ing the proposition in such a way as to leave
the body perfectly free to exercise its rights of
amendment, except the right that now exists
of putting on an appropriation bill a new pro-
vision of law which has no connection with
