4136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m., and according to order resolved
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Ccllom in the chair,)
for purposes of general debate.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Stone] is entitled to the floor
for twenty minutes.
Mr. STONE resumed and concluded his
remarks begun last night. [See Appendix.]
Mr. HILL addressed the committee on the
assumption by the Government of local bounty
debts, and on retrenchment of public expendi-
tures. [His remarks will be published in the
Appendix.]
Mr. MAYNARD then addresed the House
upon the coming presidential election and the
issues therein involved. [His remarks will
be published in the Appendix.]
bay ok samana.
Mr. LOGAN obtained the floor, but yield-
ed to
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, who said :
I am indebted to my gallant friend from Illi-
nois [Mr. Logan] for five or six minutes, all
that 1 shall want. The most I have to say is
in the form of resolutions which I desire to
have referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs when in order. I ask the Clerk to read
them.
The Clerk read as follows :
1. Whereas it is now settled by a solemn decree of
this body, that the treaty-making poweris tripartite,
consisting of the president. Senate, and Congress;
and whereas this nation is gie;itly iu noedof anaval
station and depot in tho West Indies, and it is under-
stood that several sucli very excellent ones could be
had on reasonable terms if the fulfillment of tho
treaty were duly provided for beforehand, as now
required by our settled policy: Therefore, the Com-
mittee on Iforeign Relations be instructed to inquire
into the expediency of providing for sufficient funds
to purchase a convenient naval station and depot
among tho West India Islands, if tho same can be
had Cor a reasonable price, and to initiate a negotia-
tion for the same.
2. And at the proper time to notify its coordinate
branches of the treaty-making powor, so that they
may cooperate in completing the samo.
Mr. STEVENS, ofPennsylvania. Mr. Chair-
man, it is gratifying to see by what a large
majority of votes the Russian treaty was rati-
fied by this House, although not in accordance
with my judgment, who deemed it a perfect
instrument before it came here; but the amend-
ment of the sagacious gentleman from Iowa,
■with the concurrence of the learned chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, has set-
tled that question. I shall not complain, but
hereafter conform my action to it. I know that
more than one excellent naval depots of the best
kind are now waiting our bid at very reasonable
rates. And nothing prevents this acquisition
but a doubt in the mind of our far-seeing For-
eign Secretary of this ratification, and the eon-
sequent mortification of an obligation by this
Government repudiated after its execution.
Happily there is no such danger in the future,
as the most potential part of the treaty-making
power will have first assented thereto. I have
said that, with some slight mortification at
the adoption of the amendments, I neverthe-
less was highly gratified at the vote on the
appropriation. To have refused to comply with
the contract with such a Government as Russia
would have been mortifying to every true He-
publican j for, besides the constant friendship
which that Government has shown to ours, I
look upon the rulers who have held the desti-
nies of that great nation since the time of
Peter the Great as the most remarkable race
of sovereigns that ever sat upon a throne.
The later members of that, dynasty, for wisdom
and justice, are quite equal to any of their pre-
decessors. They had a very difficult nation to
construct into an empire composed of Cossacks,
Calmueks, and serfs. Of the latter kind the
number was great, probably forty odd mil-
lions. That wise monarch saw that slavery,
instead of forming the strength; was the weak-
ness of a nation. He determined tha.t_every
serf should be free, and that in addition to
their freedom their owners should do them
partial justice by giving them small freeholds-
He saw that to make them independent pro-
prietors would make them more manly and
loyal citizens. To create this great revolution
without civil war was a task which but few
Governments could have effected ; and yet,
with patience, courage, and uncommon wis-
dom, he effected it, and made every man
within his empire free. We had neither his
wisdom nor his courage ; when a bloody war
freed our slaves we had not the justice to give
them homesteads, as we had a right to do, out
of the over-grown landed estates and bloated
accumulations of their former masters. For
ages of unrequited toil we gave them mere
enforced freedom and degradation, and now
prevent their acquiring means of becoming in-
dependent proprietors. Such men cannot be-
come useful citizens ; such a government can-
not escape the shame of their conduct. I
cannot reproach myself with any of the blame.
I early adopted the Russian views, but have
never been able to succeed in them.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Will
my venerable colleague [Mr. Stevens, of Penn-
sylvania] allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr.STEVENS,ofPennsylvania. Certainly.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. If I
heard the gentleman's resolutions aright, the
preamble recites that the treaty-making power
is tripartite iu its nature; though if 1 under-
stood correctly his argument upon the Alaska
appropriation, he suggested that the treaty-
making power was lodged with the President
and the Senate exclusively, and that they having
acted, their action was perfect and the duty of
the House substantially ministerial. I wish to
ask my colleague whether his resolution is pre-
sented in accordance with the general idea
suggested by him in the same speech—that lie
desired, if practicable, to comprehend within
this Union "all creation;" and if so, why ho
has not extended his resolution to'the question
of a depot in the Indian sea?
Mr. STE V ENS, of Pennsylvania. As to my
views upon the treaty-making power, 1 have
not entertained and do not now entertain the
least doubt of their correctness. Tho amend-
ment offered by thegentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Loughuidge,] with the concurrence of the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
[Mr. Banks,] appeared to my mind as, if it
were not a harsh term, I would say an absurd-
ity. I so regard it still. Bui, that is no longer
an open question. It has been decided by this
House, and I bow to its decision, however
erroneous I may consider it.
As to tho remark to which the gentleman
refers in regard to "all creation," I do not
remember what I Said upon that.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I do.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. My col-
league does. Well, he has a good memory. Jf
I said, speaking of "all creation," that I de-
sired all creation to be free, I have not changed
my opinion. I still desire that the whole world
should be as free as we are, and that we should
be much freer than we are to-day. I desire
that not only freedom but universal suffrage
shall be declared a part of the birthright of
humanity, a part of the inalienable rights of
man, so that on both sides of Mason and
Dixon's lint) every man who has a soul in his
body may be recognized as entitled to the ina-
lienable rights of "life, liberty, and the pur-
suit of happiness," universal suffrage being
recognized as a necessary part of liberty, one
of the essential ingredients of man's inalienable
rights. These in brief are my views. Idonot
know whether I have answered the gentleman's
question.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. My col-
league will excuse me; but his idea was, as I
understood, to comprehend not only Alaska,
but "all creation," within the limits of the
American Republic.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Logan] is entitled to the floor
nnlpcq llp vlpln1?
Mr. MULLINS. Will the gentleman from
Illinois allow me to say a word?
Mr. LOGAN. I will yield for a moment.
Mr! MULLINS. I trust I am mistaken in
my understanding of the views which the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] has
expressed in regard to universal suffrage and
universal amnesty. If he meant to say (which
I cafi scarcely believe) that a man cannot for-
feit his rights under this Government by any
treason which he may commit, I beg to differ
with him. .
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The gen-
tleman Will allow me to say that I never said
a word about universal amnesty. I despi? 
the doctrine.
Mr. MULLINS. The gentleman then con-
fined liis remarks solely to universal suffrage?
Mr. STEVENS, ofPennsylvania. Yes, sir.
principles of this democratic party
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Chairman, the Demo-
cratic platform is a " whited sepulcher, full ot
dead men's bones.'' It is a monument which
is intended to hide decay and conceal corrup-
tion. Like many other monuments it attracts
attention by its vast proportions and excites
disgust by the falsity of its inscriptions. The
casual observer, knowing nothing of the pre-
vious life of the deceased, who reads this
eulogy upon the tomb, might imagine that all
the virtues, the intellect, and the genius of the
age were buried there. But to him who knows
that the life had been a living lie, an incessant
pursuit of base ends, the stone is a mockery
and the panegyric a fable.
It is my purpose to show, sir, that this Demo-
cratic platform is mockery of the past, and that
its promises for the future are hollow, evasive,
and fabulous; that it disregards the sanctities
of truth and deals only in the language of the
juggler. It is like the words of the weird
witches, who wrought a noble nature to crime
and ruin, and then in the hour of dire extremity—
"Kept tho word of promise to the ear
And broke it to the hope."
What are the pledges of this platform, made
by a party which now asks place and power
for themselves and retirement and obscurity
for us 1 They pledge peace to the country.
Well, sir, the country should have peace. They
pledge a uniform and valuable currency to the
country. Sir, the country desires such a cur-
rency. They pledge economy in the admin-
istration of the Government. Judicious econ-
omy is among the first maxims of government.
They pledge payment of the public debt and
reduction of taxation. I agree that the public
credit must be preserved at all hazards, and
that taxation should be reduced by all means.
They pledge reform of all abuses. Sir, when
onee an abuse is discovered no man will deny
that it should be at once reformed. They
pledge the observance of the laws, the guar-
antees of the Constitution, the rights of the
people, and the promotion of the public weal.
Nothing more could be asked of a party than
that it should do everything which is good,
and abstain from all that is bad. Happy
indeed, sir, is that country whose rulers are
all wise, all virtuous, all patriots, and all with-
out ambition except to excel in worth and
wisdom.
When such a party is found, Mr. Chairman,
I shall support it no matter by what name it
may be called; but until it is found—and I
may be permitted to remark that it never yet
has been found in history—I shall support that
party which does the best it can for the country
with what materials it has and makes up in
good deeds what it may lack in polished speech.
_ Now, Mr. Chairman, as I am au anxious
inquirer after truth, and as 1 agree that the
promises of this platform are many and seeiu-
mgly fair, and likely to catch the eye and the
ear of some who are unsuspecting, I am de-
sirous of showing the basis upon which they
rest m order that I may determine first how far
I may trust to their performance. It is an
inquiry that concerns not only me but all of
us; but more particularly does it concern those
who are to come after us—the young men of
this nation who are now about to cast their
