THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to deprive, them of that right, but would claim
and exorcise it upon this as upon every other
question that might be submitted to the Senate
■while he had the honor of a seat."
A vote being had upon the question, it was
determined that these gentlemen should sitand
vote on the trial. This passed in the affirma-
tive by a vote of 19 to 7, and all the gentlemen
sat and voted on every question during the
trial.
On the trial of Samuel Chase before the
Senate of the United States no challenge was
attempted, although the case was decided by
an almost strict party vote in high party times,
and doubtless- many of the Senators had formed
and expressed opinions upon his conduct.
That arbitrary judge, but learned lawyer,
knew too much to attempt any such futile
movement as a challenge to a Senator. Cer-
tain it is that the proprieties of the occasion
were not marred by the worse than anomalous
proceeding of the challenge of one Senator to
another, especially before the defendant had
appeared.
Nor did the managers exercise the right of
challenge, although Senators Smith and Mitch-
ell, of New York, were members of the Senate
on the trial and voted not guilty on every ar-
ticle, who had been members of the House
when the articles were found, and had there
voted steadily against the whole proceeding.
Judge Feck's case, which was tried in 1831,
affords another instance in point.
The conduct of Judge Peck had been the
subject of much animadversion and comment
by the public, and had been for four years
pending before the Congress of the United
States before it finally came to trial, it was
not possible but that many of the Senate had
both formed and expressed opinions upon
Peck's proceedings, and yet it never occurred
to that good lawyer to make objection to his
triers. Nor did the managers challenge, al-
though Webster, of Massachusetts, was a mem-
ber of the committee of the House of Repre-
sentatives to whom the petition for impeachment
was referred, and which, after examination,
reported thereon "leave to withdraw," and
Spraguc, of Maine, voted against the proceed-
ings ot the House, while Livingston, ot'Louis-
iana, voted for them. All of these gentlemen
sat upon the trial, and voted as they did in the
House.
A very remarkable and instructive case was
that of Judge Addison, of Pennsylvania, in
1804. There, alter the articles of impeach-
ment were framed, the trial was postponed to
another session of the Legislature. Meanwhile
three members of the House of Representatives,
who had voted for the articles of impeachment,
were elected to the Senate and became the
triers of the articles of impeachment of which
they had solemnly voted the respondent to be
guilty. To their sitting on' the trial Judge
Addison objected, but after an exhaustive
argument his objection was overruled—17 to G.
Two of the minority were the gentlemen who
had voted him guilty, and who themselves
objected to sitting on the trial.
Tims stands the case upon authority. How
does it stand upon principle ?
In a conference held in 1091, between the
Lords and Commons, on a proposition to limit
the number ot judges, the Lords made answer:
"That in the ease of impeachments, which are the
groans ot tlie people, and tor the highest crimes, and
carry with them a greater supposition of guilt than
any other accusation, there all the lords mustjudge."
There have been many instances in England
where this necessity, that no peer be excused
from sitting on such trials, has produced curi-
ous results. Brothers have sat upon the trials
of brothers, fathers upon the trials of sons and
daughters, uncles upon the trials of nephews
and nieces; no excuse being admitted.
One, and a most peculiar and painful in-
stance, will suffice upon this point to illustrate
the strength of the rule. In the trial of Anne
Bullen, the wife of one sovereign of England
and the mother of another, her father, Lord
Itochefort, and her uncle, the Duke of Norfolk,
sat as judges and voted guilty, although one of
the charges against the daughter and niece was
a criminal intimacy with her brother, the son
and nephew of the judges.
It would seem impossible that in a proceed-
ing before such a tribunal so constituted there
could be a challenge, 'because, as the number
of triers is limited by law, and as there are not
now, and never have been, any provisions,
either in England or in this country, for sub-
stituting another for the challenged party, as a
talesman is substituted in a jury, the accused
might escape punishment altogether by chal-
lenging a sufficient number to prevent a quo-
rum, or the accuser might oppress the respond-
ent by challenging all persons favorable to him
until the necessary unanimity for conviction
was secured.
This proceeding being but an inquest of
office, and, except in a few rare instances,
always partaking, more or less, of political con-
siderations, and requiring to be discussed, before
presentation to the triers, by the coordinate
branch of the Legislature, it is impossible that
Senators should not have opinions and convic-
tions upon the subject-matter more or less de-
cidedly formed before the case reaches them.
If, therefore, challenges could be allowed be-
cause of such opinions, as in the case of jurors,
no trial could go forward, because every intel-
ligent Senator could be objected to upon one
side or the other.
I should have hardly dared to trouble the
Senate with such minuteness of citation and
argument upon this point, were it not that cer-
tain persons and papers outside of this body,
by sophistries drawn from the analogies of the
proceedings in courts before juries, have en-
deavored, in advance, to prejudice the public
mind, but little instructed in this topi-,:, because
of the infrequency of impeachments, against
the legal validity and propriety of the proceed-
ings upon this trial.
I may be permitted, without offense, further
to state that these and similar reasons have
prevented the Managers from objecting by
challenge or otherwise to the competency of
one of the triers of near affinity to the accused.
We believe it is bis right, nay, his duty to the
State he represents, to sit upon the trial as he
would upon any other matter which should
come before the Senate. His seat and vote
belong to his constituents, and not to himself,
to bo used according to his best judgment upon
every grave matter that com es before the Senate.
Again,as political considerations are involved
in this trial, raising questions of interest to the
constituents of every Senator, it is his right and
duty to express himself as fully and freely upon
such questions as upon any other, even to
express a belief in the guilt or innocence of the
accused, or to say he will sustain him in the
course he is taking, although he so says after
accusation brought. Let me illustrate. Sup-
pose that afterthis impeachment had been voted
by the House of Representatives the constituents
of any Senator had called a public meeting to
sustain the President against what they were
pleased to term the " tyrannical acts of Con-
gress toward him in impeaching him," and
should call upon their Senator to attend and
take part in such meeting, I do not conceive
that it would or ought to be legally objected
against him as a disqualification to situpori this
trial, upon the principles I have stated, if he
should attend the meeting or favor the object,
or if his engagements in the Senate prevented
his leaving. I have not been able to find any
legal objection in the books to his writing a let-
ter to such meeting, containing, among other
things, statements like the following:
Sexate Chamber, February 2t, 1868.
GhxtieMiex: My public and professional engage-
ments will be such on flic 4th of March that I am
reluctantly compelled to decline your invitation to
be present and address the meeting to bo held in our
city on that day. ^
That the President of the United States has sincerely
endeavored to preserve these (our free institutions)
from violation I have no doubt, and I have, there-
fore, throughout th e unfortunate difference of opinion
between hira and Congress, sustained him. And this
I shall continuo to do as long as hesliall prove faith-
ful to duty. With ray best thanks for the honor you
hare done mo by your invitation, [mdregrettingthat
it is not in my power to accept it,
I remain, with regard, your obedient servant,
KEVEBDY JOHNSON.
We should have as much right to expect his
vote on a clearly-proven case of guilty as had
King Henry VIII to hope for the vote of her
father against his wife. He got it.
King Henry knew the strength of his case,
and we know the strength of ours against this
respondent.
If it be said that this is an infelicity, it is a
sufficient and decisive answer that it is the in-
felicity of a precise constitutional provision,
which provides that the Senate shall have the
sole power to try impeachments, and the only
security against bias or prejudice on the part
of any Senator is, that two thirds of the Sena-
tors present are necessary for conviction.
To this rule there is but one possible excep-
tion, founded on both reason and authority,
that a Senator may not be a judge in his own
case.
I have thought it necessary to determine the
nature and attributes of the tribunal before
we attend to the scope and meaning of the
accusation before it.
The first eight articles set out in several dis-
dinct forms the acts of the respondent in remov-
ing Mr. Stanton from office, and appointing Mr.
Thomas ad interim, differing in legal effect in
the purposes for which and the intent with
which either or both of the acts were done,
and the legal duties and rights infringed and
the acts of Congress violated in so doing.
All the articles allege these acts to be in
contravention of his oath of office, and in dis-
regard of the duties thereof.
If they are so, however, the President might
have tho power to do them under the law; still,
being so done, they are acts of official miscon-
duct, and, as we have seen, impeachable.
The President has the legal power to do
many acts which, if done in disregard of his
duty, or for improper purposes, then the exer-
cise of that power is an official misdemeanor.
Ex. gr.: he has the power of pardon ; if ex-
ercised in a given case for a corrupt motive, as
for the payment of money, or wantonly par-
doningall criminals, it would be a misdemeanor.
Examples might he multiplied indefinitely.
Article first, stripped of legal verbiage, al-
leges that, having suspended Mr. Stanton and
reported the same to the Senate, which refused
to concur in the suspension, and Stanton hav-
ing rightfully resumed the duties of his office,
the respondent, with knowledge of the facts,
issued an order which is recited for Stanton's
removal, with intent to violate the act of March
2, 1807, to regulate the tenure of certain civil
offices, and with the further intent to remove
Stanton from the office of Secretary of War,
then in the lawful discharge of its duties, in
contravention of said act, without the advice
and consent of the Senate, and against the
Constitution of the United States.
Article two charges that the President, with-,
out authority of law, on the 21st of February,
1868, issued letter of authority to Lorenzo
Thomas to act as Secretary of War ad interim,,
the Senate being in session, in violation of tho
tenure-of-office act, and with intent to violate
it and the Constitution, there being no vacancy
in the office of Secretary of War.
Article three alleges the same act as_ done
without authority of law, and alleges an intent
to violate the Constitution.
Article four charges that the President con-
spired with Lorenzo Thomas and divers other
persons, with intent, by intimidation and
threats, to prevent Mr. Stanton from holdingthe
office of Secretary of War, in violation of the
Constitution and of the act of July 31, 1801.
Article five charges the same conspiracy with
Thomas to prevent Mr. Stanton's holding his
office, and thereby to prevent the execution of
the civil-tenure act.
Article six charges that the President con-
spired with Thomas to seize and possess the
property under the control of the War Depart-
