8114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12
*
Blaine] that the increase of our taxation upon
these banks ought to be mainly upon their
deposits. These deposits are not only loaned
out, but are invested in various profitable ways;
and they can readily bear a heavy taxation for
the support of the Government. I would not
take away from these banks their circulation,
a measure which has been advocated by some;
but I would adopt such policy as to compel
them to perform their legitimate function and
accommodate the people. Now they do not
do that. There are many of our banks, both
in the cities and in the country, whose officers,
when a loan is applied for, ask the applicant,
"How much can you pay? What per cent,
can you give?" They do not govern their
operations by the law which in ordinary busi-
ness regulates the transactions of men in regard
to the use of their money, but they take all
they can get; and I say, let the Government
compel them to pay their full share of the
taxes.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PIKE. I withdraw my amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. I will
modify my amendment so as to strike out
" twenty-fourth," and insert " twelfth;" mak-
ing Mie rate of taxation on deposits one twelfth
of one per cent.
Mr. PRICE. I modify my amendment so
as to insert "one twelfth." This will make
the rate of taxation the same that it is at present.
Mr. MILLER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out " one twelfth," and in-
serting "one fifteenth." I rise, Mr. Chair-
man, to say a word in regard to a question
which seems to excite interest on all sides of
the House. Some gentlemen think that these
banks are merely of advantage to the stock-
holders and to no one else. These gentlemen
are mistaken. I do not know about city banks,
but I do know about the country banks, and I
know that they are not only of advantage to
the stockholders, but of advantage to the
people generally. If this tax is increased, as
it is proposed here, it will tax the country banks
out of existence.
Gentlemen say if they are taxed out of
existence they will take the circulation. If
they are taxed out of existence it would not bo
long before wo should hear of broken banks in
the country. In the country the banks make
money out of the circulation. I know, so faras
the banks in my country are concerned, they
make little money outof deposits.^ They depend
upon what money they make on circulation. In
the cities it is far different. The deposits there
are large and they make a great deal of money
on the deposits. But it is not so in the country.
The proposition here is not only to tax the
deposits, but to put adouble tax upon the circu-
lation. What will be the result? The result
will be in many sections of the country that
the banks will have to wind up. If they can-
not make some money they will not run the
risk.
Mr. STEWART. What amendment does
the gentleman from Pennsylvania propose ?
Mr. MILLER. I move to strike out one
twelfth and insert one fifteenth.
Mr. Chairman, I am in favor of the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Iowa. As I was
saying, so far as the banks in the country are
concerned, this tax bill will be onerous. They
cannot stand this tax. Gentlemen say let them
go. They want to monopolize the banking
business in the cities, but country people must
be accommodated as well as those of the cities.
Gentlemen must recollect that there are great
losses in the banking business. Not only the
drawers but the indorsers of notes fail, and
large amounts of money are lost in that way.
And as the banking system is not established
the circulation is limited. When we had the
State banks, before they were legislated out
of existence, we could increase our circulation
and the country people become accommodated.
It is not so now.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope by unanimous
consent all further debate on this section will
be terminated.
Mr. HOLMAN.' I object.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 move that the com-
mittee rise for the purpose of closing debate.
Mr. BLAINE. You cannot do that. There
is no quorum.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I hope gentlemen
will soon run out.
Mr. LYNCH. I rise to make a^ suggestion
to the gentleman from West Virginia, and that
is this: the particular case which has been
brought before the House by the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Price] of a bank which has
$180,000 circulation and $500,000 deposits will
not be much relieved by double taxation.
Mr. MILLER. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. LOGAN. I merely desire to suggestan
amendment for the consideration of the com-
mittee. It is this: I propose after the word
"money" to insert "except on desposits of
the Government, and on deposits of the Gov-
ernment there shall be a tax of four per cent."
The CHAIRMAN. That is not in order now.
Mr. LOGAN. On the deposits of individ-
uals, I do not know how it is in the East and
New York, but in the West a great portion of
the banks pay an interest of six per cent.; but
on the Government deposits there is no interest
paid whatever. At different times the Gov-
ernment has had millions of dollars on deposit
for months from which it derived no interest
whatever, while the banks derived from six to
nine per cent.
Mr. LYNCH. Does not the Government
have for every dollar of deposit in the banks
ample security, while the individual depositors
have no security?
Mr. LOGAN. Well, sir, I would like the
gentleman to explain to me what amount the
Government derives, so far as it is concerned,
from the securities. They do not pay the Gov-
ernment one cent interest. There is a bank-
ing institution in this city that has had as high
as $0,000,000 on deposit at a time, and it
never paid one cent to the Governmenton that
deposit.
Mr. LYNCH. The point I wished to make
was the difference between the deposits of in-
dividuals who have tio security whatever, who
take their own risk, and the deposits of the
Government, which are entirely secure ; more
so than if made in the sub-Treasury.
Mr. LOGAN. That only adds to what I
said of the necessity of taxing the individual
who makes deposits and receives his six or
four per cent, as the case may be.
Mr. LYNCII. And takes his risk.
Mr. LOGAN. Takes his risk.
A Member. Where do tliey pay six per
cent.?
Mr. LOGAN. They do it in my part of the
country to my certain knowledge. But the
Government, in depositing, gets collateral;
but on that collateral- the Government pays
six per cent, in gold. It does that for the
advantage of having its money deposited in a
bank out of which many a banker derives six
per cent, interest beside the interest on the
collateral. Now, sir, I purpose, in order to
make this fair, that upon the Government de-
posits in the banks they shall be required to pay
four per cent. Then as regards individual
deposits the House may determine the percent-
age as it sees fit. 1 do not propose to change
that part of the bill. This is all I desire to
say. I shall ask a vote at the proper time.
Mr. O'NEILL. I desire to ask a question
of the gentleman. Does not the Government
receive some benefit from the convenience or
advantage of having deposited its money in
the banks of the country?
Mr. LOGAN. None on God's earth. It
only gives these men a chance to turn the money
and make a fox-tune out of it without giving
the Government a particle of benefit.
Mr. PRICE. That happens to be a mistake.
Mr. LOGAN. Well, now, let us see.
Mr. PRICE. All over the country there are
collection districts. The collectors must neces-
sarily deposit their money somewhere, and in
a great many instances there is no sub-Treas-
ury and no place to keep the money in but
the banks.
Mr. LOGAN. They can express it to the
Government, sub-Treasury very easily.
Mr. PRICE. Not every day.
Mr. LOGAN. The express runs every day,
and there are sub-Treasuries all over the coun-
try where money can be deposited.
Mr. PRICE. Oh, no.
Mr. LOGAN. There is a sub-Treasury in
New York and in every large city.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would ask the gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Price] whether the
deputy collectors in the different districts
deposit in the banks every night?
Mr. PRICE. I am happy to tell my friend
that they do, so far as my knowledge is con-
cerned.
Mr. LOGAN. If you have no bank what
becomes of the money the collector has?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. They must have to
travel a long distance.
Mr. O'NEILL. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Logan.] I understand it is impossible in many
instances for the Government to have its money
deposited in Government depositories; that is,
in the sub-Treasury. Now, I presume, as a
matter of course, the deposits must be made
somewhere for the convenience of the Govern-
ment. Let me illustrate it. In the State of
Pennsylvania there is a vast amount of money
collected by local taxation. The money is
deposited in the State banks all over the Com-
monwealth, evidently to the convenience of the
State.
Mr. LOGAN. Let me ask the gentleman a
question. This Congress has passed a law
requiring deposits to be made in the Govern-
ment depositories or the sub-Treasury where
the collection was made within five miles of
the sub-Treasury. Is such a deposit in viola-
tion of law?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. TRO WBRIDGE. I move that the com-
mittee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 35, noes 34.
So the committee rose ; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Pomeroy reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had under consideration the
state of the Union generally, and particularly
the special order, being the bill (H. K. .No.
1060) to reduce into one act and to amend the
laws relating to internal taxes, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
clos35 of debate.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that when the
House next resolves itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union on the
special order all debate on the pending sec-
tion shall close in three minutes.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman will
confine his motion to the pending amendment.
This is a very important section.
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir, on the section;
but I will say in ten minutes instead of three
minutes. Closing debate will not cut off amend-
ments.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the
motion so as to limit debate only on the pend- -
ing amendment.
The SPEAKER. That amendment is not
in order. The rule gives authority to close
debate on sections and on amendments pend-
ing thereto, and the motion of the gentleman
from Ohio [.Mr. SuheSvOk] being the larger
motion, must be voted down before the vote
can be taken on the motion of the gentleman
from Indiana.
Mr. ROBINSON. I rise to a question of
order. Was it not the understanding when
the House took a recess this afternoon that
i no business was to be transacted to-night
: except in Committee of the Whole ou the state
| of the Union?
i The SPEAKER. It was not; on the con-
I trary the Chair stated that such an under-
i standing would require unanimous consent.
