4138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
July 16,
mit to tho usurpations by which the Government has
been overthrown, or shall we exert ourselves lor its
full and complete restoration? It is idle to talk of
bonds, greenbacks, gold, the publie faith, and the
public credit. What can a Democratic President do
in ieciMid to any of these, with a Congress iu both
branches controlled by the earpet-bagfrers and their
allies ? He will be powerless to stop the supplies by
which idle negroes are organized into political clubs
—by which an army is maintained to protect these
vagabonds in their outrages upon the ballot. These,
and things like these, eat up the revenue and
resouices of the Government and destroy its credit—
make the difference 'between gold and greenbacks.
We must restore the Constitution before we can re-
store the finances, and to do this we must have a
President who will execute the will of the people by
trampling into dust the usurpation of Congress,
known as tho reconstruction acts. I wish to stand
before the convention upon this issue, but it is one
which embraces everything else that is ofvaluo in
its large and comprehensivo results. It is the one
thing that includes all that is worth a content, and
without it thore is nothing that gives dignity, honor,
or value to the struggle.
Your'fi ieud, FRANK Is. BLAIR.
Colonel James 0. Bkoabiieat>.
Is this the language of peace? Is this the
pledge of security to the country? is this the
return to the settled pursuits of civil life and
the calm routine of trade, which shall reassure
our people and restore our prosperity? Does
it not rather suggest the clarion-tramp and the
clash of arms— the neigh of steed and the
shriek of death ? Are our taxes to be lessened
under these threats ? Will our credit be made
better by these means? Gentlemen shall not
tell me that this is not an utterance of the
party nor a binding declaration. The letter
was written before the convention met, in view
of its meeting, and in order to bring the writer
and his doctrines before that convention as a
candidate. Both aims were attained. The
letter was published—the writer was nomi-
nated. The doctrines are his and liis party's,
and are embodied in the platform by the declar-
ation that •' we regard the reconstruction acts
(so called) as usurpations, and unconstitu-
tional, revolutionary, and void." It seems,
then, from this that all we have done is to
be undone. No matter that the voice of the
country in election after election, year after
year, has sanctioned it and said it was well
done, the Democratic party says it must be
undone, or that the sword shall be unsheathed
and desolation sweep over the land.
Where, now, are the pledges of specie pay-
ment, of redeemed bonds, of equal currency,
of wise legislation, of amicable feeling, of re-
stored confidence, of judicious economy, and
reduced taxation? Gone! gone! The loud
note of insurrection has dispelled lliem all, and
the possibility of our national Parliament be-
ing dissolved by the sword, as in Cromwell's
day, has put all lingering hope to flight. We
are promised a uniform and valuable currency—
one currency—which is to be sufficient "for the
Government and the people, the laborer and
the office holder, the pensioner and the soldier,
the producer and the bondholder." We are
promised " payment of tho public debt as rap-
idly as practicable." We are notified of "equal
taxation of every species of property, including
bondsand other securities." We are to expect
"economy in the administration of the Gov-
ernment," and the "abolition of the Freed-
men's Bureau." IIow is all this to he brought
about? For faar I may do injustice to the
platform, I wish to quote some extracts from
the World newspaper of July 3, the day after
the platform was made. I may add that the
World is the authoritative exponent of the
views of the distinguished gentleman Horatio
Seymour, who has been nominated for Presi-
dent by that party, and therefore this inter-
pretation is his interpretation:
"The declarations relating to the finances are
scattered through different sections of tho platform.
They need to bo brought together before we can get
an intelligent view of their scope. Tho platform is
cxulicit enough upon each particular point, but its
several declarations so limit and modify one another
that it would be very misleading to consider any one
ot them apart from the rest."
It is somewhat singular, if this document
was all fairness and honesty, that its different |
subjects could not be put close enough together j
to afford an "intelligent view" of each, and j
"its declarations are so misleading" as to i
require an expert like the World to bring them
together in harmony. "Why is it that "its
several declarations limit and modify one
another" if these are the declarations and the
principles upon which our people are asked to
stake their happiness ?
But, says the World, this is what it means •'
"Payment of the principal of the five-twenty
bonds in greenbacks will easily bo found in the plat-
form, if searched for. The language is that ' when
tho obligations of the Government do not expressly
stato upon their face, or the law under which they
were issued does not provido that they shall bo paid
in coin, they ought in right and in justico to bo paid
in tho lawful money of tho United States,' that is to
say, in greenbacks. This is explicit enough so far
as it relates to the medium of payment; but how
does the platform propose to provide tho means?
In other words, wheio aie tho greenbacks to oomo
from? On this also tho platform is oxplieit. They
are not to bo manulactuicd by the printing-press,
but to lie r;Hsed bv taxation. By this method the
pnym<-nt of tho public debt cannot, be very rapid.
Too bondholder*, need liavo no fear tnal their prop-
eity is to bo swept away by a new inundation of
paper money. Payment of the public debtiu green-
backs without increasing their present amount, pay-
ment in greenbacks out of tho proceeds of a reduced
taxation, will leavo the greater portion of tho debt
standing for many years to come."
Two things appear from this: first, tliat tho
payment of the public debt cannot be very
rapid; and second, that the greenbacks where-
with to pay it are to be raised by taxation.
This is a novel way indeed to ".equalize the
currency" and to " reduce taxation." Woare
to be taxed additionally to pay the public debt,
and to be taxed a long time to come before it
can be discharged, and the Democracy call
this " reform of an existing abuse." There is
another fact concealed in this statement which
it were well to bring to light. We have heard
that much of our miseries are due to the
" bloated bondholder." They are lepers who
have infected us in our persons and tainted our
financial atmosphere. But they are assured
by this platform that " they need have no fears
that their property is to be swept away by a
new inundation of paper money."
If these bonds are vile as they say, why
should they not be swept away under a Demo-
cratic dispensation ? We do not think they
aie j but if we are to rely on Democratic testi-
mony they are the gangrene of our body-politic.
Again, if there is to be no "new inundation
of paper money," how are the greenbacks to be
raised, which, levied in taxation, are to pay
off the national debt? First, it is said, they
will raise greenbacks by taxation and pay off
the bonds. It must bo admitted that the green-
backs already in circulation are not adequate
for this, and so more must be issued. But
next it is said that there will be no more issued.
Then how are the bonds to be paid ? It may
be that this is all clear to other eyes, and that
the end will certainly be reached by the means ;
but I trust I may be .pardoned if I confess at
once that 1 am not able to take that " intelli-
gent view" which shows me how it is to be done.
It seems, too, that the World has the same
opacity as myself if its vision is confined to this
point, and so it takes another stretch :
" Thero is another part of the platform which has
a pertinent bearing ojj thissubject. It is tho deelar-
ation in favor of *ono currency for the Government
and the people, tor t bo bondholder and the producer.'
Now, although nothing is expressly said upon that
point, we suppo.se the platlorm contemplates tho
payment of the duties on imports in coin as hereto-
fore. Thissccms to us a justifiable, nay, an inevita-
ble inference from, what is said about paying in coin
such obligations of the Government as stipulate for
coin upon their tacc. The interest upon both the
ten-forty and the five-twenty bonds is payablo in
coin by tho very terms of the law, and also the prin-
cipal of the ten-forties. If tho Government keeps
this expressengagement, itmust by somo means raise
the coin, jmd no other method is suggested than by
collecting it, as now, at the custom-houses. Now, as
the platiorm pledges the party to pay specie to tho
bondholders to meet their interest and that part of
their principal which the law requires to bo paid in
coin, it seems evident that the 1 ono currency for the
Government and the people, thebondholdcrand the
producer,' must contemplate an early return to spe-
ciepayments. The 'one currency' mustmean cither
a uniform good currency or a uniform bad currency.
It ^inconceivable in itself and inconsistent with the
platform, that the old, hard-money Democratic
party should promise a uniiorm currency of bad
money. The one currency means a sound currency;
a currency equivalent to coin and at ail times ex-
changeable lor it. Ono currcney of depreciated
grccnbaolcs would bo inconsistent with tho payment
in coin of that part of the public obligations which
are acknowledged by the platform to be due m com;
inconsistent with the collection of tho revenue irom
imports in gold; inconsistent with the idea that wo
are ever to return to specie payments.
"Another declaration, m still another section ox
the platform, evinces an intention to make an early
return to specie payments. After calling for a re-
duction of the publie expenses and a reiorm of the
system of taxation, tho platform proceeds thus: bo
that the burden of taxation may be equalized and
lessened, the credit of tho Government and the eur^
ronev made good.' The credit of the Governmen t is
not 'good' so long as its promises sell for less than
their face; tho currency is not good so long as it is
in[1 ated and irredeemable. „ , .
"The platform proposes to .pay the five-twenties
in greenbacks; proposes to raise the money for this
purposo by taxation; promises unequivocally that
* the burden of taxation shall be lessened; the credit
of the Government made good; the currency made
good; and that that good currency shall be the same
for all classes, including the bondholders. We do not
regard these soveral declarations as contradictory,
but as mutually explanatory, perfectly consistent,
and harmonious. The Democratic party is pledged
by tho platform to appreciate the greenbacks to par
and use them for the payment of that part of the
public debt which is not by express provision of law-
duo in coin."
Now, having got all the light of which the
subject is capable, let us see exactly what it is
that is promised by these reformers. They say
to the people, "The bloated bondholder is
eating out your substance, and we will tax his
property just as we tax yours." They say to
the bondholder, "Have no fears for your
bonds; we will issue no more greenbacks to
depreciate them; and we will pay them in a
good and lawful currency. If it is not gold it
shall be as good as gold." They say to the
people, " We will reduce your taxes." They
say to the capitalist, " We will pay our debts
by taxation." They say to the people, "We
will have but one currency for all alike, and
that shall be greenbacks." They say to the
creditor, "We will pay you in gold, as the law
requires; but we will make the greenback of
the value of gold if we can." And then they
say to all, to the bondholder and the people,
the pensioner and the soldier, the laborer, the
otlice-holder, and the producer, "We will re-
form all abuses; we will equalize taxation by
a uniform currency; we will pay the bonds in
gold, or greenbacks at par; and we will pay
off our debts." When? After many years to
come 1
So, Mr. Chairmau, admitting that all this is
to be brought about in the very letter and spirit
of the promise, it appears that the first condi-
tion of its fulfillment is, that the Democratic
party shall have unlimited power for many
years to come, or else it cannot keep its word.
If it should be asked what recourse or remedy
will the people have if, after having given that
power to that party for many years to come,
those promises should not be kept, these
pledges should not be fulfilled, I am at a loss
to reply; I do not find any remedy stated in
the platform ; I am not aware of any recourse.
Still, however, it may be impertinent and use-
less also to make the inquiry or to seek for
redress. A ruined debtor, bankrupt to the
last farthing, need trouble himself but very
little as to the disposition of the assets which
he has not got. This, then, sir, is the much-
vaunted financial policy which is to be inaugu-
rated by the Democratic party, and through
which this country is to be rescued from all
her present difficulties. This is the key-note
of their complaint, and the battle cry of their
campaign.
It is a platform which was made to suit a
candidate who was defeated for the nomina-
tion. The platform was made for one man,
but that man is not the one who is standing
on it. The man who wanted that platfo rm did
did not get the nomination, and the man who
did get the nomination did not want that plat-
iorm. It is not of record that like another
memorable candidate of by-gone years " he
spit upon it." Indeed, his well-known habits
ot decorum^ and aristocratic breeding forbid
the possibility of such a thing. But it is of
record that he made two earnest and powerful
speeches to prevent the enunciation of a doc-
trine which he knew was absurd in the present
and would be falsified in the future. If, then,
