1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
4139
their financial declarations are vague and false
Low can we trust aught else they say? The
country wants peace ; through peace will come
prosperity. Prosperity thrives under a Gov-
ernment of fixed principles, and principles are
most firmly fixed when they are most gener-
ally and best understood by the people at large.
If their finances fail ali else fails. Now, what
do they say upon another most essential and
remunerative branch of the national finances—
that branch which is now and must continue
to be the only gold-yielding portion of our
revenue—I mean the tariff"/ I quote again,
sir, from the World :
"There is only one other subject embraced in the
plattorm which secmsto call for any remark, andthat
is the tariff, or ' protection.' This part oi the plat-
form is a muddle. Thchtnguage it,: ' a tariff lor rev-
enue upon foreign imports,' which is good sound
Democratic doctrine, hut it is immediately followed
by t his unintelligible) jumble: ' and such equal taxa-
tion under the internal revenue laws as will afford
incidental protection to domestic manufactures.'
We are here treated to the paradox of a revenue
tariff and protective internal taxes. Butthewonder
does not end here. A protective tariff discriminates,
but internal taxes arc to protoct without discrimi-
nating. It is 'equal' internal taxes that arc to accom-
plish the feat oi protecting domestic manufactures,
if all interests arc taxed alike, how can any be pro-
tected ? What are they to beprotected against?
Not against foreign rivals by internal taxes; not
against domestic competition by equal taxes, The
promise ot "a tariffior revenue' is excellent; all
beyond that is nonsense."
You will observe, Mr. Chairman, that it is not
I who says that this is a muddle, an unintelli-
gible jumble, a paradox, and nonsense, but
the leading Seymour paper in the United
States.
I turn now to another topic, and still I quote
the " World: "
"All that the Democratic party promise to do in
relation to ne:rro supremacy is comprised in these
wolds; 'the reduction ot the standing Army and
Navy, the abolition of the Freed men's Bureau, and ali
political instiumontalitios designed to secure negro
supremacy.' The Freedmen's Bureau, with the Army
to back it, is a tremendous electioneering machine
intended to control the negro vote. "When it is
abolifiKd, the negro vote will fall under the control
or the white citizens of the South, and there will then
be 110 difficulty in carrying ail the southern States
lor the Democratic party."
1 hat is, the Freedmen's Bureau is an out-
rageous institution, because it prevents the
Democratic party from controlling the negro
vote and getting supremacy in every southern
Stale; that is to say, the Freedmen's Bureau
would be all right if it were in Democratic
hands and the negro will be a good enough
man to vote so soon as he can be got to vote
the Democratic ticket. The World further
adds;
"The platform promises to smash the political
machine called the Frecdmen'sBuicau and all other
Federal agencies for controlling the southern elec-
tions—but, beyond this it wisely promises nothing in
relation to negro suffrage. It promises that the Fed-
eral Government shall liotintcrfere to cajole the ne-
groes into voting against the interests of their sec-
tion, and trusts to the natural ascendancy of white
intelligence to accomplish whatever else may bo
deemed expedient. In this matter the platform is
equally wise in what it promises and in what it
abstains from promising."
In other words, it is admirable, because it is
so happy in suppressing the truth to an extent
as great as in suggesting a falsehood; and
this, sir, is the whole of it beyond the usual
quantity of empty phrases. ''Full of sound
and fury, and signifying nothing,'1 with which
from time immemorial the Democratic party
have been in thehabit of garnishing their plat-
forms. I might make a closer analysis of it
all; and I think 1 might make a stronger show
of its utter worthlessness ; but I am content
to accept the rendition of the World, in order
that I may not be charged with partisan
prejudice. I take the World because it is the
word.
It explains the deed for him who is to per-
form it; and surely where we decide evidence
of intention and of faith, we can ask for noth-
ing stronger than the word and the deed com-
bined. But I have not done yet. I desire
with your indulgence to go a little behind the
promise to inquire as to the character of those
who make the promise. It is an axiom with
all business men that the value of a note is
determined not at all by what it promises to
I to pay, but wholly and exclusively by the char-
J acter of the makers and indorsers. I wish to
j inquire, Mr. Chairman, who are the men that
, made up that Democratic convention, and who
j are the men who indorsed its candidates ? I
I have already referred to the men who in the
j time of peace plotted war. I have shown how
| it was that this country became charged with
j its load of debt. I have dwelt upon the strug-
; gles and the difficulties of that hour, and the
wails and the woes of our mourners. I have
stated how we did all that we did, because it
was the only thing to do. I have shown how
we wrestled with our adversity, and finally
how we overcame our enemies. We bore the
brunt of arm3 for the sake of our country, and
to uphold its Constitution, its laws, and its
liberties. We had but one desire, and that
was "Peace to our country." We had but
one anxiety, and that was to preserve intact
this chosen land. Well, sir, as I said, the war
was over and the victory was ours. There
was no longer a rebel in arms. They had
dispersed, as we supposed, never to meet
again.
But, sir, we were mistaken. They have met
again. Where? Why, this time upon northern
soil, and in a northern city, in the city of New
York, the great metropolis of this country, in
the Democratic convention. I do not say that
every man who met there had been a rebel ;
but 1 do say that all the rebels met there who
are now leading in public life, and who hope
for public position. Tt was the same old story
over again. The same old faces to see. The
men who had held this Government for years
■ and plotted to destroy it while they held it
were there. The men who fought to destroy
this Government when they could no longer
hold it were there. The men who though
they had never plotted to destroy it or fought
against it, yet quietly acquiesced in the designs
of those who did, were there. The men who
have always given blind allegiance to the behest
of party regardless of the good of the country,
were there. The men who have always been
the praters and croakers and false prophets
of the country were there ; and a few men who
had onee served their country, but were lured !
off by fatal ambition and the hope of spoils
were there. Good men may have been there;
hut bad men were most certainly there; and
just as certainly the bad outnumbered the
good; and these are the men, sir, who com-
plaiu of us. These are the men who say we
have violated the law and have usurped the
Constitution. We have told them to the con-
trary many and many a time. In these very
Halls, before they deserted their places, we
assured them that we desired nothing but the
law and the Constitution. After they had
erected their first batteries, and before they
fired on Fort Sumter, they were again assured
that the law and the Constitution should be
kept inviolate. Even after they had waged
their fiercest war upon us the President of the
United Stales once more proclaimed that we
fought only to protect the Constitution and the
laws.
Again and again, by the camp-fire, under the
Hag of truce and in the hospitals, and in ex-
change of prisoners and in parleys and com-
munications they were made acquainted with
the fact that we had but one object, and that
was to enforce the Constitution and the laws.
And yet again, sir, when the battle was at a
white heat, and strong arms and strong hearts
wrought wounds and death, when the air was
filled with lamentations and pierced by cries
of agony, when the greedy earth drank up
the gushing blood of our bravest and our best,
we still advanced but the one standard, which
was the old starry banner, emblematic ot the
Constitution, the laws, our unity and strength.
Ah, sir, it must have been a humiiiatingscene
at that convention. Were the loyal soldiers
and citizens of this country looking on when
the rebel General Preston nominated the for-
mer Union General Blair? Did the loyal sail-
ors and soldiers hear the rebel Wade Hampton
second the nomination? Did the rank and
file of the loyal men listen to the butcher of
Fort Pillow—Forrest? Where were then the
memories of former treacheries, of a nation
undone and a Constitution usurped, of laws
violated and civil slaughter instituted?
I have nodesirc to keep aliveold animosities
or to recall the past with aviewto let itrankle.
I am willing that the lessons of the war should
be their own monitor to those who learned
them. But when I hear those who risked their
lives to save our country charged with betray-
ing our country; when I hear those whose
shorn limbs and maimed trunks are witnesses
•; of thoir devotion to the laws charged with
jj breaking the laws; when I hear those who are
| now lying in their premature graves for the
|j cause of the Constitution charged with usurp-
|; ing that Constitution, I cannot help it if my
jj indignant heart beats fast and my utterance
' grows thick, while I demand to know " Who
are ye that denounce us?"
It is for t'his reason, Mr. Chairman, that I
say the present issue is one which concerns our
young men greatly, because it contains the ques-
tion whether in any future war it is worth while
for our young men to embark in it. Heretofore
it has alwajs been held in all ages, ancient
and modern, that he who defended his country
was entitled to the gratitude of his country.
But if it shall be decided by this election that
he who defends his country is to be aspersed
by his country, then the sooner it is understood
the better it will be for those who would have
otherwise periled their existence at the call of
their people! That issue is involved in this
campaign, and no artifice or chicanery should
be permitted to bury it out of sight. But what
right have those to complain who were in the
Democratic convention but yet were not in
the rebel ranks? Did they aid us to suppress
the rebellion? Were they prompt with men
and money in our need? Were they hopeful
in our dark days and joyful in our bright days ?
Did they cheer our soldiers and give them the
strength of their blessings and a God speed ?
Did they nurse them when sick and succor
them when wounded? No, sir; they did not,
or else they would not be found to-day in such
company. The civilian who supported the
military in the day of the war has never yet
complained that we have done great wrong, or
never yet desired to take the reins of govern-
ment from the Republican party.
This is no schism in our own ranks. This
is no falling oif of those who once were with
us because of our misdeeds. This is no branch
of the Union party saying that we are tyrants
and usurpers and robbers and destroyers, and
that therefore they can support us no longer.
Not at all. It is simply our old enemies who
have fought us in the Halls of Congress and
on the battle-field and in campaigns for years,
never winning, ever failing, but always fierce
and hateful. It affords me sincere pleasure
that I may look again upon those who met so
lately in convention at the city of Chicago.
What a sight was there. Mr. Chairman, there
were gathered together the men who had served
their country in every capacity to which duty
called them. The men whose devotion had
been as unswerving as their fidelity was un-
questioned. Men whose sole thoughts and
whose constant thoughts were for their coun-
try's good, and how best aud soonest to make
it manifest and permanent. Men from the
closet, men from the camp, men from the public
station, men from private life, men of destina-
tion, men unknown ; but men, all of them,
whithersoever they came aud whatsoever they
were, all of them men who came on the one
thought of how yet to aid their country.
Whom did they select, and how were they
selected? Not after days of balloting and
nights of iuuigue ; not upon bargains by poli-
ticians aud tradings by tricksters; not upon
appliances of questionable morality and through
stimulants of debasing tendency. In amoment,
as it were, and by one spontaneous accord,
the hearts of all ot these men came together,
and their judgments approved their instincts.
With one unfaltering acclaim they selected
