1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2091
Mr. EDMUNDS. It amounts to the same
thing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know but that
such a provision would meet the case. Unques-
tionably there would be no objection to a great
many of these resolutions, and the answers to
them would not involve expense : but my ex-
perience is such as to satisfy me that some rale
of this kind is absolutely necessary to prevent
useless waste of time and of money in calls for
information, not intentionally, of course, on
the part of anybody, but arising from the fact
that a Senator cannot tell, when he calls for
information sometimes, how much expense it
is to occasion, and how much time is to be
wasted necessarily in preparing the answer. It
is frequently made ground of complaint by
Senators that they do not get answers to reso-
lutions, when it is impossible for the Depart-
ment, within what would appear to be a rea-
sonable time, to prepare the answer. I have
seen great heaps of documents and folios, in
answer to a resolution trying to get at a single
fact, laid upon the table, which were utteily
useless, and cost hundreds of dollars to com-
pile. I really hope that this rule will be
adopted.
Mr. HOWARD. I inquire whether it is in
order to strike out the fifty-fourth rule entirely ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in
order.
Mr. HOWARD. Then I make that motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Michigan moves to strike out the
fifty-fourth rule, in the following words:
54. All resolutions calling upon the President or
upon any of the Executive Departments for informa-
tion shall bo referred, without debate, to the appro-
priate standing committee, which shall report upon
the same, with an estimate of the probable expense
of furnishing the information called for.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, such an
inquiry is always made under the vote of the
Senate, acting in public, in the face of the
world. This rule proposed appears to be a
novelty introduced by the committee to whom
tiie subject of the revision of the rules was
referred. I believe that there is no prece-
dent for it in the rules of any legislative body.
There may be; but if there be, I have not seen
or heard of it. I believe that the public in-
terest will be best served by allowing perfect
freedom of inquiry into the conduct of every
public officer, whether the officer be the Pres-
ident of the United States or any head of a
Department.
Sir, I can see how this rule would operate
very injuriously, and I think very unfairly, in
reference to the minority of the Senate. A
member of the minority rises and offers a reso-
lution of inquiry, which may be perfectly just
and fair in itself, and necessary for the enlight-
enment of the body : but it may contemplate
some disclosure that would not be so pleasant
to the majority. If the question were taken in
open Senate by yeas and nays as to the pro-
priety of making the inquiry, there would be
some chance, at least, that the resolution would
be adopted, and thus the facts contemplated
be disclosed ; whereas if the resolution should
be referred to a standing committee of the
Senate, made up as that committee would be,
a majority of them, in accordance with the
majority of the Senate, the resolution would
run, in most cases I should fear, a very great
chance of being totally smothered in com mittee,
or at least reported against, so that the inform-
ation might not be obtained. I think, whatever
might be the consequence of passing sucharule
as this, as it is a novelty, and I believe entirely
without precedent in legislation, it ought not
to be adopted. These are the grounds upon
which I move t.o strike it out.
Mr. GRIMES. As the rule now stands the
Senate, by a majority vote, can refuse to call for
any information that may be desired without
assigning any reason at ail. If you adopt this
rule and have the question oftheinqniry referred
to a standing committee of the Senate, as in the
case of printing public documents, and they
report that the information will be inexpen-
sive, then you take away from the inexorable
majority its excurse for refusing to furnish the
minority with the information which they de-
sire. If, on the other hand, it turns out that
the expense will be large and that the inform-
ation that is sought will not compensate for the
expense, then the Senate will have some in-
formation before it upon which to act. It
appears to me, therefore, that it is no particu-
lar advantage to the minority to strike this rule
out. If I were in the minority I would prefer
that it should stand, because then the apology
would be taken away from the majority for
refusing to give such information as I might
desire for the benefit of my constituents or for
enlightening the public mind when the ex-
pense attending the furnishing of that informa-
tion would be very slight.
Senators say that this is without precedent.
Why, sir, we do precisely the same thing in re-
gard to printing. If it is proposed to publish any
document which a Senator thinks desirable to
circulate through the country the Senate does
not undertake to decide that question until its
mind has been enlightened by the report of
the Committee on Printing, and the rule is
almost inflexibly observed. I do not know
that there is any greater departure from prin-
ciple in this instance than there is in that in-
stance. I therefore am in favor of the rule
standing as reported by the committee.
Mr. DAVIS. It appears to me that this is
rather a difficult subject to regulate properly;
but, at the same time, I am very decided in my
opinion that this rule ought not to be adopted.
I believe that the reference of calls for inform-
ation to a committee will be made use of as
the means of stifling information and conceal-
ing it from the minority of the body. The
Departments are the hot-beds in which abuses
generally originate, and the evidences of abuses
are found there alone as a general rule. When
there is a perfect harmony between the major-
ity in the Senate and the head of a Depart-
ment, and, especially, if the head of a Depart-
ment be a favorite, although lie be guilty of
abuses and corruption, there will always be a
disposition on the part of the majority to screen
him by withholding the information that may
be asked for in a resolution.
Now, Mr. President, there is an example at
this time existing. There is a certain head of
Department here who is called the Carnot of
the late war. There never was a more arbi-
trary, oppressive, or lawless head of a Depart-
ment in this Government than that same gen-
tleman ; and never a man, in my judgment,
who has perpetrated more of abuse and more
of outrage. On the 20th of January last I sub-
mitted a resolution asking for information from
that Department in these terms, which was
passed by the Senate:
" Resolved, That the Secretary of War furnish the
Senate with the names of vesaels of alt kinds pur-
chased by the War Department or any bureau or
officer connected with that Department dunns the
late war of rebellion, the tonnage and amount paid
for each vessel, the amount of contract price and its
d " Also tlie names of the vessels of all ldnds hired or
employed ill the same way and by the same author-
ity during the said war, the tonnage when given, and
when not given the siae or description of each, the
vaiuo when specified, and when not specified the
value by estimation, with the amount paid by the
day, month, or other term, with dates for cach time.
The pricefor which any of the foregoing- vessels were
sold by the Government, giving dates of sale, terms,
and times of payment. Andin every ease the names
of the party or parties from whom any such vessel or
vessels were purchased or hired, and to whom they
were sold."
That resolution for information lias received
no response. This infamous Secretary at the
head of the War Department, in the absolute-
ness of his power, disregards this_ call, as he
disregards law and every other obligation that
ought to be sacred and ought to be obligatory
upoti an officer of the Government, but acts
just according to his will and pleasure. For
two months this resolution has received no
response. This Carnot of the War Depart-
ment has not deigned to answer it. He was
'• the Government " during the war. He did,
or refused to do, what he chose then ; and now,
being restored in the manner in- which he has
been restored to his oflice, he thinks that he
has a double security for his lav/less adminis-
tration of that Department to what he had
during the exigencies of the war.
Mr. CONNESS. Will my friend from Ken-
tucky permit me to interpose a question here?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to know, as
the Senator lias lacked that information from
the recent head of the War Department, why,
since the change, he has not called upon the
other Secretary of War, General Thomas?
[Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. Well, sir, the other Secretary
is laid up in ordinary by the influence of the
honorable Senator himself and his associates.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CONNESS. We thought he was very
ordinary for the position.
Mr. DAVIS. If he had been in office and
had the control of the archives, and was the
one to respond to a resolution of this kind, I
have no doubt we could have had the informa-
tion long ago.
But, Mr. President, I admit the difficulties
of this subject; that calls arc very frequently
expensive and inconvenient, and require a
great aggregation of force and increase of ex-
penditure to meet them; but I am for just
such a rule now as I would be if I was in the
majority in this Chamber. I am for the rule
of justice and reason for all times, without re-
gard to minorities or majorities. Whenever
there has been an abuse of power in a Depart-
ment, and that Department has been guilty of
corruption, of making improvident contracts
or permitting it to be done, I want the revela-
tion to be made to the Senate and to the peo-
ple of America. I do not care who it touches,
and who is blasted or who is protected by such
information. I want a pure and honest admin-
istration of the Government in all of its De-
partments and services without regard to the
Presidency and without regard to the incum-
bents who fill the Departments or any other
officers of the Government. Where there are
abuses of power in relation to contracts—and
I am informed that if this resolution is re-
sponded to truthfully and faithfully it would
reveal a most revolting and most shocking
abuse of power—I want those abuses of power
brought to the light that those who have been
guilty of them or those who have suffered them
to take place may be held up to their proper
responsibility.
1 therefore am most happy to agree with
my ancient friend, the Senator from Michigan,
[Mr. Howard,] for once. [Laughter.] There
was a time when there was a general accord
between us; but that was in the days of yore.
We were then both members of the House of
Representatives. But I am struck with the
good sense, the justice, and the manliness of
his remarks to-day in favor of the rights of
minorities. It has been rather my fortune to
be nearly always in a minority, and I believe 1
always shall be, [laughter,] and consequently,
I am in a condition to sympathize very strongly
with minorities, and with any argument in
favor of a minority.
I trust that this additional rule will be voted
down, and that the responsibility of refusing
or granting these calls shall be brought before
the Senate m open session, and be referred
to the members of the Senate collectively.
Mr. FESSEXDEN. I believe I shallnot
attempt to reply to what the Senator from
Kentucky has seen fit to state with regard to
j the Secretary of War, calling him the *' infa-
! mous Secretary of War.1' All I have to say
j is, that, in my humble opinion, if he or I ever
arrive at the degree of " infamywhich the
l honorable Secretary of War will have in the
I history of this country, we shall stand much
I bettor than either of us is likely to at present,
i Mr. DAVIS. The Lord help us, then!
[Laughter.]
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now, Mr. President,
with reference to this particular matter, 1 want
to express my obligations to my frier£. 1r ,
!! Kentucky for reading his resolution. It is t o
II best possible illustration that could be give
