1
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1067
them, they are as much entitled to vote as any
other citizen. ^ And if never convicted, though
indicted, the right of vote continues to them as
to other citizens. If the penalty attached to
the crime includes a forfeiture of the right to
vote and hold office, then a conviction simply
puts in operation that part of the law; and
officers^ of election having knowledge of the
conviction may reject the votes of such persons
as illegal. But officers of election cannot con-
vict a man of crime by the assertion that he
has committed one; neither can a legislative
body, whether a State Legislature or State con-
stitutional convention. Legislative convictions
for crime, or rather legislative punishments for
acts asserted to amount to crime, is a most ter-
rible proposition for the contemplation of the
legal mind. By the millions, though, we pun-
ish our fellow-citizens for acts never classed as
crimes. There can be no just law to punish a
man for his thoughts or for feelings he cannot
help, yet Congress pretends to enact such laws.
A man cannot prevent "the fowls of the air
from flying above his head, but may prevent
them from building nests in his hair; if he
does this he does well. A man cannot prevent
his loves, his hates, or sympathies, but his
judgment can prevent him from gratifying any
feeling or passion. But to be brief, sympathy
with the x'ebellion, even during its existence,
could not be made a crime, it involving no
moral turpitude. That man is worse than a
lunatic who contends that it is a crime to-day,
when there is no rebellion, and when those
who engaged in it are again our fellow-country-
men.
Section two, article four, of the Constitution
is a compact fixing forever the matter of citi-
zenship precisely as it stood at the time of its
adoption. A word again as to the word lib-
erty. I suppose every lawyer will admit that
where it is used in the Constitution it at least
includes political liberty. Then article live
of the amendments settles the question, and
neither State Legislatures, State constitutional
conventions, or any other power can take it
away from a citizen, for it is there declared
that, he shall not be deprived of liberty without
due process of law.
The liberty here spoken of certainly does
not mean freedom from arrest or restraint
alone, for that is provided for by another
clause in the Constitution, the fourth amend-
ment. This amendment says the right of the
people—and this relates to all—to be secure
against seizures, unless a warrant issue sup-
ported by oath, shall never be violated. Then
again, it being an inalienable right in the citi-
zen to participate in the affairs of government,
I say it would be depriving liim of his liberty
to take from him either his citizenship or his
right to vote, and would be a most palpable
violation of the Constitution of the United
States.
Now, I arrive at these conclusions: white
men for white men's State governments made
the Declaration of Independence. Those gov-
ernments existed without change or alteration
up to the formation of the Federal Constitu-
tion, and were not changed by it; that the
Federal Government has no sort of control
over the question of native citizenship, or
the right, of suffrage; that the States have no
powers over the question of citizenship, but
have a right to enfranchise those who are not
citizens. But. no power on earth can lawfully
deprive a citizen of his liberty—his liberty
according to all the rights incident to his citi-
zenship. Now I am free to say that the same
rule holds good with regard to every human
being, according to their measure of rights,
and for this reason 1 have gone back so far in
history. No man's rights can be violated or
taken away by legislation; no man's life, lib-
erty, or property caw be taken away except by
due process of law. What a man's liberty is
in this country must be determined by the
courts of law and subject to the law; so must
all his inferior rights. I think I have shown
that the rights and liberties of the white men
of this country are greater than can ever
legally be accorded to the inferior races. I
should here remark that another and different
law and reason applies to the inhabitants of
territories ceded to the United States by treaty.
In such case the sovereign people of whatever
u.°!or' if guarantied by treaty the rights of
citizenship, would continue in the enjoyment
of such rights, they being citizens of the
country by birth, domicile, and being the law-
makers of the country as well as by treaty.
The amendments of the Constitution" now
pending seek to make citizens of the United
States of all men born in the country who are
of lawful age. The proposal of the^e amend-
ments is the assumption of powers in the Fed-
eral Government not conferred by any line or
word in the Constitution or by any fair con-
struction or implication. It is the assumption
of all power in the Federal Government; it is
the creation of citizens of the Government of
the United States, and is a total overthrow of
State supremacy. If triumphant, it works a
consolidation of government., and will result in
a consolidation ot empire. It makes citizens
not only of the pet negro but also of the filthy
Chinese. If the war ever comes between this
new sort ot citizcns and the white American cit-
izen ot Caucasian blood, God be merciful to the
new. In fact, it changes our institutions so that
we have two separate and antagonistic systems,
the I ederal and State. We have white citizens
of the United States, because they reside in a
State and are citizens therein. Now we create
citizens oft.be Government of the United States
of those who are residents in, but not citizens
of, the States. These citizens are negroes, Chi-
nese, and Indians. This must not be or ruin
must follow. Can the negro and Chinese citi-
zens of the United States Government prevail
over the white citizens of the States? Hardly.
But the white men will destroy the negroes and
Chinese, and then this Federal Government will
fall. For once it be broken on this question
it is broken lbrever.
The debate upon the reconstruction bill took
a wide range, but no gentleman pretended to
say that it was constitutional for Congress to
withhold the protection of the courts from any
portion of the American people, whether crim-
inals or goddess-born heroes. They did not
argue to prove that martial law could be en-
acted by Congress for the government of the
people. They did not argue to prove that the
President of the United States is not the Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy of
the United States. They did not argue to
prove such legislation necessary or advisable,
or that the Union could or would be restored
by it. But it was said that the President
obstructed the plans of Congress, and that he
would not, enforce its decrees—in what partic-
ular was not stated. One distinct and emphatic
assertion was made by several leading mem-
bers on this lioor as to the purpose of the Kad-
ical party ; they gravely declared their intention
of "going through " the President. Whether
they may succeed in their national pastime I
do not hazard a surmise. If he is a non-gas-
conductor then it cannot be done, otherwise
some should be able to accomplish the feat.
In fact, the operation may be agreeable to all
parties; this will depend upon the President's
fondness for oysters.
I will tell you why it is you so bitterly assail
the President; it is because his messages have
opened the eyes of the people, and proven to
be mortal wounds to the Radical party. In
those messages he has written the history of
that party, whether truthfully or falsely let
time determine. But that history is written,
and never can be unwritten. If those messages
immortalize the President and secure to him
the honor, love, and admiration of coming
generations, then radicalism will be execrated
somuch the more. If radicalism iscondemned,
loathed, and despised by all honest men, then
the President's glory will be so much the
greater.. A great deal has been said about the
clause of the Constitution providing that the
United States shall guaranty to each State in
this Union a republican form of government, i
That provision was intended for the protec-
tion of the States against foreign aggression,
and against the usurpations of the Federal Gov-
ernment, and never ivas intended as a declara-
tion against the right of self-government in
the States. Are we carrying out that provision
when we enact martial law for ten States ? But
gentlemen say this kind of legislation is re-
sorted to to enable the loyal people of the
South to create republican governments. Np
difference: even if such be the objects it is
unconstitutional still, and we cannot do that
which the Constitution directly forbids; for
the results of such acts are never certain, and
the restrictions of the Constitution are placed
upon Congress to prevent any experiments or
uncertain legislation.
Could not the southern States be restored to
their former relations with the Federal Gov-
ernment much sooner if protected by its ex-
ecutive and judicial branches? If gentlemen
wanted the southern States in the Union what
was topreventtheirbeingin the Union? They
had republican forms of government up to the
time of the passage of their ordinances of se-
cession certainly. At the end of the rebellion
they had the same constitutions and the same
machinery of government as before the rebel-
lion. They put their governments in motion,
and their relations to the Federal and other
State governments were acknowledged in the
most solemn form to be that of State govern-
ments in this Union of States. You acknowl-
edged them as sovereign States with legal
governments, and took advantage of one of
their first acts after their relations with the
Union had been resumed—I mean their acts
abolishing slavery. The rebellious States, by
their acts of secession and setting in motion
illegal defacto governments, did not destroy
their constitutions which existed at the time
such de facto governments were put in motion.
Then their old constitutions were still the con-
stitutions for those States. Although for a
time, because of the rebellion, they were not
enforced in respect to the Federal compact, bu
in other respects they were.
But this could make no difference. It was
by those constitutions, the Federal compact
and acts of admission, that, those States re-
mained, for the purposes of govcrment, as a
part of and members of the Union. Mind, for
the purposes of government, for those States
never had any other connection either with the
Federal Government or any of the other States.
Then it is evident those constitutions re-
mained lawful for the respective States for
which they were ordained. The object of a
State constitution is to restrict and prescribe
the powers and duties of those who fill the
places it creates, and as long as a State con-
stitution exists it and it alone directs the
machinery of government as to all matters com-
prehended within it. Then, when the rebellion
ceased and governments were put in motion
and guided by their old constitutions, those
were legal State governments ; and the decree-
ing of any other by the Federal Government is
a clear usurpation of power. When the pet,
the ebony idol, was being fitted for the high
honors you are trying to confer on him, then
those were sovereign States in the Union. Ah,
yes I When dealing gently with the negro they
were States in the Union. Again, as to the
crimes committed by the southern citizens who
engaged in the war. If the position is taken
that they are no longer citizens because they
did so, that logically establishes the lawfulness
of secession, which we deny.
If they are citizens yet they are entitled to
all the benefits of a uniform system of laws
administered by the constitutional courts. If
citizens, their political and civil rights must be
protected and must be the same as is enjoyed
by other citizens; and their rights which ac-
crue by virtue of their citizenship cannot be
taken away unless they be lawfully ruinicted
of crime. Such conviction has never been
had against the southern people, and there is
no pretense that it ever will. In fact. I assert
it never can; and I do this in full view of the
