1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Bin
state of the case, there is now pending in this
city a disputed election in relation to the may-
oralty, and probably other officers. This dis-
pute is about to go to tlie courts for decision
according to the existing laws at the time the
election took place. The laws as they existed
at the time the election took place are not sat-
isfactory, however, to the majority of the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, and they
are not satisfactory to some of the Radical
candidates and claimants for these disputed
offices ; and the effort and object of this bill
is simply to introduce a new law and a new
principle of decision for those disputed elec-
tions than what existed under the law at the
time the elections took place. I do not think
that that is a,proper system of legislation.
When an election takes place in the District
it ought to be conducted in conformity with
the existing law. If it is not so conducted,
and there is any irregularity in the election
that would entitle either the one candidate or
the other to the office that may be in dispute,
the contest ought to be decided between the
disputants according to the existing law,, and
il is not, in my judgment, proper legislation
for the Congress of the United States to inter-
vene as the supporters and partisans of one of
the candidates in a local election, and to estab-
lish a new rule and a new principle by which
contested elections shall be decided by the
intervention of a new law on the subject.
I am not, to be sure, au fait on the subject
of the local laws of the District of Columbia.
1 never belonged to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia. The honorable gentleman
is chairman of that committee ; and I concede
that he is much more familiar with and better
informed in regard to the laws that regulate
these elections and all the affairs of this Dis-
trict and its people than I am. But if I under-
stand the case there are statutes in opera-
tion now by which the disputed questions and
the disputed rights to office under the recent
corporation election may be decided in the
courts under the existing laws at the time the
elections took place. After the elections have
taken place, and when contested elections and
contested rights to the offices are raised or
about to be raised in the courts, why should
the legislation of Congress be invoked and be
thrown in favor of one of the contestants against
the other ?
If I understand aright, there was no law in
* existence at the time the election took place,
and there is none now, that authorized the regis-
ter to give such a certificate of election as this
first section of the bill provides for ; but that
does not leave the case without a remedy. It
is not necessary for the decision of this con-
tested election and of the rights of the parties
to it that this bill should pass to enable the
register to give such a certificate. The laws as
they now exist may be resorted to, and are
sufficient to enable the parties in the contest
to the officcs that are now in dispute to go to
the courts to have their rights decided fairly and
properly. If I understand this proposition, it is
to pass a retroactive law, to control or to regu-
late in some degree an election that took place
under other laws, and to give to one of the par-
ties contestant in the election an advantage
and a right which he has not according to the
existing law. In other words, the disputed
election now has become a judicial question ;
it is before the courts, or it is about to be taken
to the courts ; it has passed from the legisla-
tive function to the judicial, or is in a state of
transitu. It is about to pass from the hust-
ings and the polls to the courts to decide the
rights of the parties who were candidates for
office; and those rights ought to be passed
upon and to be decided according to the laws
that were in existence at tlie time the election
took place. One of the parties to this con-
tested election is not satisfied to have the ques-
tion decided according to the existing law ; he
comes to Congress; he comes to the Senate;
he comes to the Committee on the District of
Columbia, and that committee, with partisan
haste and zeal, is now concocting bills to
change the law which existed at the time the
election took place, and by which the rights of
tlie parties ought to be decided, and proposes
new legislation to give to one of the contestants
an advantage which the existing law did not
give him. Sir, I do not believe that any legis-
lation in such a state of contest growing out
of an election, to give to one of the parties an
advantage, ought to be undertaken by the
Senate. I hope, therefore, that this bill will
not pass, but will be rejected.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, the honor-
able Senator who has just taken his seat pre-
sents his objection to the bill fairly. I agree
with him that no new law ought to be passed,
and no amendment of an old law, unless those
who present it* can give a satisfactory reason
for it; and if there is at this time no satisfac-
tory reason for the passage of this bill, I agree
with him that the Senate ought not to enact it.
The Senator has staied, however, that he is
not familiar with the laws as they now exist,
and on account of that want of familiarity he
has adopted an error, as I think. There is no
existing law which will furnish a remedy for
the existing case. This, therefore, is intended
to be merely a remedial statute, to provide a
remedy for an existing case whore there is at
present no legal means of obtaining relief.
Under the old charter of the city of Wash-
ington, which probably still is in force, at least
itis the law under which this election was held,
the board of aldermen and the board of com-
mon council are the judges respectively of the
qualifications and election of their own mem-
bers. I suppose that that would exclude the
jurisdiction of the courts, the law providing
that the boards shall be the exclusive judges; in
that respect adopting the principle of the Con-
stitution as applied to the Senate and House
of Representatives of the Congress of the
United States. Usually such a law would bo
sufficient to provide for the trial of any con-
tested election of a member of either body, but
in the existing case this law is inoperative,
from the fact that there have been organized
two boards of aldermen and two boards of
common council, each claiming to have been
legally elected under the existing law. The
board of common council, 1 understand, are
equally divided; that is, the two organiza-
tions have an equal number of members,
neither of them has a majority of all; and of
course each is as competent to try the legality
of the election of the members of the whole
board if they wore united as the other is. It
will appear, therefore, as it seems to me, to
every one, that it is utterly impossible for this
question to be settled under the law as it ex-
ists, there being two organizations, they being
equal in number, and neither of them hav*
ing a majority of the whole; that is, excluding
the cases of contest.
This bill proposes that the candidates who
received the certificates or notifications of their
election from the returning officer under the
old law shall be held to be for the time being
legally elected, and that any party claiming to
be elected adversely to them shall have a rem-
edy summarily before the supreme court of
the District of Columbia, or any judge of that
court, each one of these judges having the
authority, under existing laws in this District,
to hold a court, and in this way settle the ques-
tion of the legality of the election of the mem-
bers over which this contest has arisen. I
suppose that in relation to other officers there
may be a remedy under the laws as they exist,
but the committee thought it best to make this
law general in its provisions. There surely
can be no valid objection to trying the validity
of the election of any officer, where a contest
arises between two candidates each claiming to
have been legally elected, before the supreme
judiciary of the District. There would be
greater prospect of an impartial hearing and
decision before the supreme court of the Dis-
trict, as it seems to me and seemed to the com-
mittee, than there would be before the judges
of election. j
The bill, therefore, simply adopts the prin-
ciple which usually controls. I need not remind
every Senator present that this Senate lias
adopted the rule that an applicant for a seat in
this body, holding the evidence of his election
shall be held to have been legally elected until
the contrary shall be shown ; that this shall be
regarded as prima facie evidence of his right
to a seat; and, usually, members of this body
and of the House of Representatives are admit-
ted to their seats on this evidence. The con-
testant who disputes the right of the claimant
to the seat makes his appearance and the ques-
tion is afterward tried and decided. The bill
adopts the principle that is usually applied in
such cases, that the party receiving the certifi-
cate of election from the register of the city
shall be held ■prima facie to have been legally
elected, and then provides an immediate rem-
edy before the supreme court for any party who
may claim to have been elected adversely. It
was not the intention of any member of the
committee to make an unfair law, a law that
could be construed to have a party coloring in
any way, but to adopt a law which would pro-
vide a remedy for tho existing case where there
seems to be no remedy, and which may be a
permanent law for the future.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
koy in the chair.) The question is on con-
curring in the Senate with the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. DAVIS. I will remind the Chair that
I know what the subject is before the Senate.
Mr. President, if there is any necessity for
this legislation, I should be very far from in-
tervening any objection to it. As I under-
stand the explanation of the Senator from
Iowa, the object of this bill is to enable evi-
dence to bo manufactured for some of the con-
testants to these seats that cannot be made
under the existing law.
Mr. HARLAN. No, With the Senator's
leave, I will say that I have made no such
statement. The bill is not for the purpose of
manufacturing evidence.
Mr. DxVVIS. If I understand the wording
of the first section, and if I understand the
explanation of the honorable Senator, it is to
enable a candidate for office to get a certifi-
cate of election which he cannot get under the
existing law. The objcct is to pass a law to
enable him to get a certificate of election that
shall prima facie entitle him to the office. If
that he the purpose and object of the bill, it
seems to me evident that it is designed to
enable evidence to be manufactured for one of
the candidates that cannot bo manufactured
under the existing law. I so understand it.
This bill was introduced on the 11th of June.
The honorable Senator from Nevada [Mr.
Stewart] interjected an amendment into this
bill late the day before yesterday, I believe. I
do not object to that. He is au efficient and
enterprising Senator : and that was all well
enough. But there is no need of such extraor-
dinary haste. I concede that I am not au
fait on the subject of the laws of Congress
regulating this District and its affairs; the
honorable Senator from Iowa is; and I propose
that he let this bill go over until Monday, until
I can inform myself in relation to what would
be its connection with existing laws and the
rights of the parties contested in these litigated
elections, and if the legislation proposed to
my mind should be reasonable and necessary
I will then intervene no objection to it what-
ever. If it. should be of a different character,
it will enable me to inform myself in relation-
to this particular bill, and how it will bear on
the other laws that regulate the affairs of the
District and its elections and the rights of par-
ties contesting office, and I shall then be ready
to make my objection to it. I propose that
the honorable Senator consent that it be post-
poned until Monday, and made the special order,
and taken up in the morning hour, or at any
time to suit his convenience on that day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Kentucky move to postpone the
further consideration of the bill?
