4142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
restoration of the rebel States under the policy
of the President, which had given the power
into the hands of those who had lately united
to overthrow and destroy the Government, and
■who did secure the destruction of their own
State organizations, came to be the Democratic
policy, as it is now the Democratic policy, as
opposed to the policy of loyal reconstruction
which Congress has adopted and nearly com-
pleted, and which is now attempted to be en-
tirely overthrown.
nicgro suffrage.
In proceeding with this work of reconstruc-
tion, it has been found to be an absolute polit-
ical necessity to give the ballot into the hand of
the colored man, in order to secure loyal gov
ernments in the South. To place the power
in those governments in the hands of the late
leading rebels was found to be an unsafe policy,
so far as the interests of the Government weie
concerned, and absolutely destructive of the
rights and hopes of the loyal men in those
States, both white and black. The leading
rebels were those who had been the most act-
ive and influential characters before the war,
and cooperation with them on the part of the
loyal whites even could only be had by submit-
ting to their dictation and by a complete aban-
donment of all loyal and patriotic purposes
and efforts on their part. For the Government
to have allowed this, after all the trials of the
war and their steadfast devotion to the old flag,
would have been a crime deserving the severest
retribution, and altogether unworthy the cour-
age and devotion wliich had sustained it and
overthrew the rebellion. No less ungiateful
and criminal would it have been to have aban-
doned the colored race to the cruel resentments
and oppressions which must have followed and
which everywhere existed in the South where
the power of the Government was not felt, and
the loyal element was not in the ascendency.
The Democratic party, true to its constant
opposition to our form of reconstruction upon
a loyal basis, and that alone, has contested this
question of suffrage in the South with us at
every point, and now again in its platform
recently made at New York it declares against
it and would overthrow it if it attains to
power. It cannot, however, destroy the rigiit
to vote of the negro in the late revolted States
any more than it can any other ieature ol the
reconstruction we have adopted ; for il we are
within thegrantof power uuderthe Constitution
in part we are in whole, and if part of this
work is to stand all of it will stand. It is a
work of legislation, and belongs exclusively,
as we have shown, to the political power ot
the Government—the legislation necessary and
proper to fulfill all the guarantees of the Consti-
tution, to be determined and judged of by Con-
gress alone, subject to the action ot the
ident as provided by the Constitution. The
following is the second resolution of the Repub-
lican platform recently adopted at Chicago
upon this subject:
" The guarantee of Congress of equal suffrage to all
loyal men at tile South was demanded by eveiy con-
sideration of public safety, of gratitude, and of just-
ice. and must be maintained while the quc=tion of
suffrage in all the loyal States properly belongs to the
people of those States."
The Democratic party complain that we com-
pel negro suffrage South and ignore it at the
North. I deny it. Democracy opposes negro
suffrage at the North as at the South, while if
left to the votes of thellepublican party North,
in every northern State, I doubt not, suffrage
would be universal, or at least without distinc-
tion as to race or color. We, however, leave
each State North to settle that question for
itself, as it has a right to, as each State South
controlled its own domestic affairs while loyal
and as they would to-day had they never rebelled
against the Government and thus lost by their
crimes and treason the right to such self-
control and sovereignty. The loss of this con-
trol, of these rights, is the forfeiture they have
made by going into rebellion against their Gov-
ernment, and we are now earnestly at work
against the protest and constant opposition ot
the Democracy in restoring them to lull relatioa-
ship with the Government and returning to
them, as soon as may be, as many of the rights
they have heretofore possessed which are con-
sonant with the new relations they hold toward
us, and safe to the Government to confer upon
them. The colored man South hasalways been
our friend, and even in the darkest days of our
trial never deserted us.
The Government had never shown any sym-
pathy for him, but had stood by and seen him
and his race subjected to a most cruel bondage
for many long years, still when our trial came
he was our steadfast friend; and on the march,
in prison, on the picket line, everywhere and
at all times, hazarded everything for our cansc
and the safety of the nation's defenders. Side
by side in the storm of battle he met the fierce
charge of treason, and side by side went down
to death with freedom's defenders, and with
them lies in one common grave.
The Democratic party during all this contro-
versy would have favored negro suffrage had
there been any good reason to suppose that it
would have resulted in strength to their cause
and they could have controlled the colored
vote, while Congress, representing the great
loyal party charged with the works of recon-
struction, has acted upon the question as in-
volving justice and right, beside being a
necessity which it was impossible to ignore or
throw aside. Whatever might be the political
character of that vote in the South in the end,
we have acted upon a sense of duty, and leave
the results to the future. In the hand of a
freeman the ballot is a power. It shapes pol-
icies, makes rulers, overthrows systems, and
compels protection. By it the weak are made
strong, the power of the oppressor is broken
down, and equal and exact justice is meted
out to all in laws bearing alike upon ail which
they are to affect and whose obedience they
demand.
constitutional amendment.
Another important and vital consideration
connected with our plan of reconstruction
which the people are asked to overturn is the
proposed constitutional amendment known as
the fourteenth article. This article has been
adopted by nearly all of the loyal States, and
is now being ratified by the Legislatures of the
States South as fast as they comply with the
laws of Congress and their governments are
restored. It will very soon be a part of the su-
preme law of the land in spite of the united op-
position of Democratic rebels South and the
Democracy North, both of whom from the first
have acted in unison to defeat it. The following
is the amendment now pending as part of our
reconstruction policy, 110 State lately in rebel-
lion being allowed recognition unless it adopts
it, and thus eaeli aiding to make it part of the
Constitution of the United States:
Aiiticlk XXV.
Section!. All persons born or natural ized in tile
United States, and subject to the jurisdiction there-
of, are citizens of ttio United States and of the State
wherein theyresidc. No State shall make or enforce
any law which shall abridge the privileges or im-
munities of citizens of the United States;nor shall
any State deprive any poison of lite, liboity, or
property without due process of law, nor deny to
any person within its jurisdiction the equal protec-
tion of the laws.
Sec. 'J. Itepresentfttives ehoil 1)0 apportioned
anion'; the several States according to their respect-
ive liumbeis, counting the whole number of persons
in each State, excluding Indians nutta,xed.t But
when the rip,lit to voto at any election for the ohoieo
of electors tor President and Vice President of the
United States, Representatives in Congress, tho
executive and judicial officers of a State, or the
members of tho Legislature thereof, is denied to any
of the untie inhabitants of such State, being twenty-
one years of age and citizens of tho United States,
or any way abiidgcd, except for participation in
rebellion or other erimo, tho basis of representation
therein shall bo reduced in the proportion which the
number of such mate citizens shall bear to tho whole
number of male citizens twenty-one years of ago in
such State.
Sec. 3. No person shall be a Senator or Represent-
ative in Congress, or elcctor of President and Vice
President, or hold any office, civil or military, under
the United States, 01- under any State, who, having
previously taken an oatli, as a member of Congress,
or as an officer of the United States, or as a member
of any State Legislature, or as an executive or judi-
cial officer of any State, to support the Constitution
of the United States, shall have engaged in insurrec-
tion or rebellion against the same, or given aid or
comfort to the enemies thereof. But Congress may,
by a vote of two-thirds of each IIousc, remove such
^'sEC.'l^The validity of the public debt of tbeUnfted
States, authorized by law, including debts incurred
for payment of pensions and bounties lor services in
suppressing insurrection or rebellion, shall not be
questioned. But neither the United States nor any
State shall assume or pay any debt or obligation in-
curred in aid ofinsurrection orrebellion against the
United States, or any claim for the loss or emanci-
pation of any slave; butall such debts obligations,
and claims shall be held illegal and void.
Sec. 5. The Congress shall have power to enforce,
by appropriate legislation, the provisions of this
article.
It would seem that no one conld object to
such a salutary measure as this, in or out ot
Congress, rebel or loyal. And yet not a
Democrat in either House of Congress voted
for it, but, on the contrary, all present and
voting voted and labored against it. This,
too, must share the same fate as is meted out
by the Democracy in its recent platform to all
loyal reconstruction, and be overthrown and
wiped out if they come into power. The first
section of this amendment declares a self-
evident truth, or what ought to be so consid-
ered by our people, that "all persons born or
naturalized in the United States and subject
to the jurisdiction thereof are citizens of the
United States and of the State wherein they
reside and hence that no State shall make
or enforce any law which shall abridge the
privileges or immunities of such citizens, " nor
shall any State deprive any person of life, lib-
erty, or property, without due process of law,
nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction
the equal protection of the laws." Who can-
not see that this is to enforce the determina-
tions of the war? The equal rights of all men
without crime, which was one of the things
settled by the long and fiery ordeal of war, is
here guaranteed and settled forever.
Again, the second section is none the lessim-
portant aud necessary. Heretofore the South
had political power it. the Government in part
upon the basis ofslave representation, while to
that class of persons no voice whatever was
given in the Government of the United States
or the State governments. This was an aris-
tocracy which built up a ruling class to tram-
ple upon labor and its representatives, which
was overthrown by the war brought 011 and
waged by itself and for the perpetuation of its
power. This section provides against any such
aristocracy or injustice in the future, and that
the political power of any State shall be re-
duced in the same proportion that it is denied
to any class of its male citizens twenty-one
years of age. This, too, is to secure equal
rights to the people and protect them against
injustice and the aggressions of power.
The third section simply provides that those
who have been prominent in the rebellion, and
responsible for it, shall not hereafter hold any
place of honor or trust in the Government of
the United States unless relieved from the dis-
abilities thus incurred by a two-thirds vote of
Congress.
The fourth section is still more important if
possible, and of greater interest to the tax-
payer and soldier than the others. The debt
incurred by law in crushing out the rebellion
shall be held sacred, and that greater debt we
owe to the soldiers, widows, and orphans, made
so by the war, by way of pensions and' boun-
ties, shall never be questioned. And what is
more important still, if possible, all the debts
incuned by the rebellion, in aid of it and for
its interests, whether in the loss of slaves, obli-
gations touching pensions or bounties, shall
never, in any pait of them, be assumed by any
State or the Government of the United States.
It would seem that the propriety of this amend-
ment could not be questioned by any voter in
the land, and yet it has been constantly assailed
r 11 1S .emocra^c P&rty which is now in the
held against us, and which has declared here
upon this floor and in convention recently
assembled that all this work shall be over~
thrown if it comes into power.
I desire to call the attention of the loyal peo-
i*i * country to t^ie startling and lament-
able fact that this party is making its word good
