THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
Mr. CRAGIN presented the petition of Allen
Smith, praying to be allowed a pension: which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a resolution of
the Legislature of Ohio, in favor of the repeal
of the tax on cotton; which was ordered to
lie on the table, the subject having been dis-
posed of.
He also - presented the memorial of the
trustees of the Protestant University of the
United States, praying for a grant of lands for
the endowment of that university; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented two memorials of honor-
ably discharged officers of the late Army to
suppress rebellion, protesting against the pas-
sage of the bill prohibiting- the payment of the
difference between eleven and sixteen dollars
a month in the pay of officers' servants from
May 1, 18G4, to March 3, I860; which were
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
ADMISSION OP COLORADO.
Mr. RAMSEY. I present the memorial of
citizens of Colorado now in Washington, pray-
ing for the admission of Colorado as a State
in the Union, and urging reasons therefor.
They set forth that—
"On the 21st day of March, 1864, enabling acts
inviting the people of Nevada, Nebraska, and Colo-
rado to organize State governments were passed.
The two former are already enjoying the benefits of
self-government, in compliance with said invitation.
"The people of Colorado now ask that they, too,
may receive the same consideration, which was as-
sured them by the plighted faith of the Government
in the passage of said enabling acts.
" Since the passage of said acts the population and
wealth of the Territory have largely increased. To
show this very rapid increase we refer to the follow-
ing facts:
" The vote on the constitution in 1865 gave an
aggregate of 5,8'J5 votes.
The vote for Delegate to Congress in 1366 gave an
aggregate of 6,990 votes.
"The vote for local officers and members of the
Legislature in August, 1367, gave an aggregate of
9,34'J votes.
"This election occurred in harvest time, and at the
busiest season among miners, so that in sparse set-
tlements, which are numerous and extensive, not
more than half the voters went to the polls. Wc are
confident a full vote would reach at least 15,000."
They state, in further evidence of the growth
and wealth of the Territory, that the total
receipts by the Post Office Department from
Colorado in 1864 were §16,781 05, and in 1867
they were $32,580 24, in support of which they
refer to the report of the Postmaster General.
They further state that the total receipts of
internal revenue in 1864 were $41,160 28, and
111 1,867 they were $151,686 51. The memo-
rialists say that—
"Colorado has paid to the General Government
internal revenue to the amount of $578,079 15, being
more than half as much as all the other Territories
combined. , ,
"The assessed value of taxable property for the
year 1867 in Colorado is nearly twelve million dol-
lars. This does not include the mines nor the land
not entered, but filed on for homesteads and pre-
emptions, which together, it is estimated by intel-
ligent parties in Colorado, would increase it to
$30,000,000."
They further state that.—•
"The more rapid development of the great and
varied natural resources of Colorado, whioh would
be promoted by a stable and permanent State gov-
ernment, is a matter of national interest.
In summing up the claims of the people of
Colorado upon the consideration of Congress
for the early admission of the State they urge—
"That her population is now larger than that of a
number of the States now in the Union when they
were admitted. . «
" Illinois was admitted in 1818, and the census of
1820 gave her total white population, two years after,
at 53 118 The white population of Missouri in 1820
was 55,988. .She was finally admitted the next year.
The census of 1860 gave the population of Oregon at
52,337, two years after admission. A comparison of
the votes of Nevada and Nebraska indicate they
each have about the same population as Colorado
"That her ability to support a State government
is greater than many of them were at the time ot
their admission, and. in fact, equal to some of them
at the present time. , , ,  
"That her people are well established and til or-
oughb' organized under a code of laws ot \heir own
enactment. _ , .
" That they have proved their worthiness ana loy-
alty to the General Government, both by the pay-
ment of their dues and by furnishing their quota ot
troops to maintain it on the field of battle.
"That they have in good faith organized a State
government and complied with all of tho essential
requirements of the act of Congress to enable them
to do so."
I move that this memorial be referred to the
Committee on Territories, and that the bill (S.
No. 11) reported in the earlier part of this ses-
sion authorizing the admission of Colorado be
recommitted to that committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.. That order
will be made, no objection being made.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. WILLEY, it was
Ordered, That the petition of members of the Ka-
nawha Lodge No. 25,1. O. O. I7., of West-Virginia,
praying to be remunerated for the use of and damage
done to the building occupied by thorn as a lodge-
room, be withdrawn from the files of the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. VAN WINKLE, it was
Ordered, That Ward B. Burnett have leave to with-
draw his memorial and papers from the tiles of the
Senate.
REPORTS 01' COMMITTEES.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the memorial
of John II. Finlay, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 037) granting a pension
to John II. Fiulay. The bill was read and
passed to a second reading, and the report was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of William Blake,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 338) for the relief of William Blake, a sol-
dier of the war of 1812. The bill was read and
passed to a second reading, and the report was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred tho petition of Sarah Webb, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
339) granting a pension to Sarah Webb, widow
of William li. Webb, and her minor child. The
bill was read and passed to a second reading,
and the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Thomas Chitten-
den, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
(S. No. 340) for the relief of Thomas Chitten-
den. The bill was read and passed to a sec-
ond reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, fiom the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of John VV. Salyers,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 341) granting a pension to John W. Sal-
yers, a soldier ot' the war of 1812. The bill
was read and passed to a second reading, and
the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Thomas Stewart,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 342) granting a pension to Thomas Stewart.
The bill was read and passed to a second read-
ing, and the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of VV. G. Cummiiigs,
submitted a report, accompanitd by a bill (S.
No. 343) for the relief ot VV. G. (Jammings.
The bill was read and passed to a second read-
ing, and the report was oi'dered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Charles H. Bell,
praying that a pension be granted to Caroline
and Margaret Swartwout, submitted a report,
accompanied bya bill (S. No. 344) granting a
pension to Caroline and Margaret Swartwout.
The bill was read and passed to a second read-
ing, and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I am also directed
by the same committee, to whom was referred
the memorial of the Legislature of Wisconsin
in favor of granting an additional pension to
Richard D. Dunphey, to ask to be discharged
from its further consideration. They ask, in
fact, for an extra pension sufficient for the sup-
port of this man and his family. The circum-
stances detailed in this memorial would enti-
tle him to a pension on application at the
Pension Office.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 301) authorizing the purchase of cer-
tain public lands in Alabama, reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 208) extending the time for the
completion of the Dubuque and Sioux City
railroad, reported it with amendments.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee
on Indian Affairs, to whom were referred reso-
lutions of the Legislature of Nevada, in favor
of an appropriation for the payment ot" losses
sustained by citizens of Humboldt county, in
that State, from Indian depredations, asked to
be discharged from their further consideration,
and that they be referred to the Committee on
Claims; which was agreed to.
CAPTAIN C. P. JOHNSON.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia,^to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 452)
for the relief of Captain C. P. Johnson, to re-
port it back without amendment, and I ask
that the bill be put on its passage. . It is a
small matter, but of great importance to the
party interested.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill, which directs the Secretary of War to
pay to C. P. Johason, late a captain in the
seventeenth Iowa infantry, the amount by law
allowed to a captain of infantry in the regular
Army upon the retired list, to commence from
the time of bis muster out from the seventeenth
Iowa infantry.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there is a report accom-
panying the bill I should like to have it read-
The Secretary read the following report:
TheCommittee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
to whom was referred " An act for the^ relief of
Capt-un C. P. Johnson," have had the subject under
consideration, and respectfully report:
That Captain C. 1'. J ohnson, while an officer of the
se\ enteenth Iowa volunteers, was wounded in battle
at Jackson. Mississippi, by a musket ball passing
thiough both hips, and at the same time was captured
by the rebels and held as a prisoner for thirteen
months, and subjected to brutal treatment and
neglect, in consequence of which his wounds were
much aggravated, and he now remains at the expira-
tion of nearly five yeais entirely helpless, lie bad
on his person when captured six months' pay, which
was taken by the rebels, and he is now totally withoat
resouiees and unable to help himself in arty way.
His mother, who is nearly sixty years of age, is the
only lelative he has. and she is also entirelydestitute
ofmcans adequate forthesupportof herself and bins.
Captain Johnson has been borne on the rolls and
paid as a captain of his regiment until his regiment
was mustered out. The pension of a captain being
totally insufficient for his support, rendered still
more expensive by the necessity of constant medical
attendance, it is proposed by this hill to place him on
the retired list with the pay and allowances of his
giade. It is believed no case so distressing has
occurred during the whole war, and your committee
are unanimously of the opinion that it is one which
calls for the action of Congress.
Captain Johnson has been unable to sit up since
he was wounded, and can only lie in one position,
extended on a bed face downwaid. In consequence
of neglect and the bad treatment he received while
in rebel prisons, the musclesof his hips have slo-ugited
off and the bones protrude through the skin. He is
very weak and emaciated, his wounds are still open
and dischaiging, and in consequence of his utter help-
lessness he has to bo watched day and night and
attended like an infant. The facts, as stated herein^
by the committee, are clearly shown by satisfactory
evidence, and the committee unanimously recom-
mend the passage of the act for bis relief.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 103) construing and giving
effect to the joint resolution entitled "A resolu-
tion for the relief of the State of Wisconsin,"
approved July 1, 1864; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee oa
the Judiciary.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 345)
to provide for the sale of the Mendoeino Indian
reservation ; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
