4144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
of their rebellion, a repudiation of all the
decisions of the great conflict and victory waged
and won by, and an insult to the loyal people
of the country who achieved them. I desire
to ask the people of the country from my place
here, as one of their humble Representatives,
if they have not already paid enough in the
past for the supremacy of the Democratic
party. It was that party in the South that
rebelled against the Government and caused
all the desolations of a long and bloody war
for its maintenance. All the millions of dol-
lars that we have appropriated and drawn from
the people and are still drawing is but part of
the penalty the country is paying for having
so long allowed that party to shape its policy
and control its destiny. The widowhood and
orphanage that fills our land with sorrow and
wo and bears heavily upon the great heart of
the nation still, is but another part of this
same penalty wo are paying for Democratic
supremacy.
The broad acres all over the land filled with
our noble dead and the humble testimonials
raised to their memory "are sacred and affect-
ing evidence" of the penalty which wo are
now paying for intrusting the destinies of the
country so long to this party.
The only safety lies in continuing the power
in the hands of the Union party, which has
carried the country safely through our great
struggle, which is now fast reestablishing the
Government upon an enduring basis of loyalty
and peace, which still demands that we shall
continue to hold in our hands all necessary
security and guarantee against arecurrence of
past evils and for permanent union and loyalty
in the future.
In striking contrast with the Democratic
policy and candidates, General Grant, the great
captain of our age, who has during all the war
and still carries high the banner of the Union,
says, "Let us have peace." In his election the
country will have peace. It will be a sure token
of peace, an unfailing guarantee that quiet and
order will soon reign, and that very soon a
divided and distracted people will settle down
upon the basis of law and equal justice to all
which we have planted in the patriotism and
unconditional loyalty of the people. No threats
of revolution or violence can impede our prog-
ress or turn back the tide of our advancing
civilization. Those who make them, or stop to
doubt and cavil over the results of the "irre-
pressible conflict" that is so clearly developing
the great duties of the hour will either be lost
sight of in the distance behind or buried up out
of sight beneath the wreck of old and discarded
barbarisms and condemned theories and pol-
icies. The world is moving onward, lifting
itself from the dust and filth that have so long
hidden the latent and undeveloped virtues ana
powers of-its peoples, and placing higher up
the standard of a common humanity, and estab-
lishing forever the equal brotherhood of all
inen.
America takes the lead in this great work.
Our example is shaking the very foundations
of empires and thrones which rest heavily upon
unwillingand oppressed peoples the world over,
and under our influence greater rights and
privileges are being wrenched from the grasp
of wealth and power and bestowed upon those
who have heretofore trembled under fear and !
subjection. This high privilege comes to us
out of the very nature of our institutions worked
out and developed to their legitimate end and
destiny under the direction of a Power higher
than any human agency by which they were
conceived and which will secure their perfec-
tion.
It comes to us, it is true, through the storm
and conflicts of war, through the fire and the
blood of battles, after sacrifices greater than
the world's history records, but still this des-
tiny is ours to enjoy and perfect, and we should
use it as not abusing it. I warn the people of
the country to look well to the situation, and
remember that " eternal vigilance is the price
of liberty."
Not expecting long to hold a seat upon this
floor, I can with perfect freedom enjoin upon
all the people who are soon to decide the great
issues pending to beware of false men who
are not worthy of the confidence of a free peo-
ple who have sacrificed so much for their
country, and trust only those who will stand
firmly by the great principles of justice and
truth, and whose oast fidelity gives ample guar-
antee for the untried future.
I cannot enlarge upon the ideas that open
up to the mind as we enter this sublime field
of contemplation. Give success to the doc-
trines and policy of the party that has saved the
Republic, that is developing so rapidly its im-
mense and varied resources, whoso sublime
principles of progress, justice, and national
integrity and good will challenge the admira-
tion of the world, and all the visions of the
present will fall far short of the grand reality
of the future. The great hero of all our wars,
our standard bearer, embodies in his simple
patriotism good sense and unquestioned hon-
esty, all the elements that make him just now
above all others the representative of the loyal
and progressive sentiment of our times, and
whose election will give the greatest security,
permanency, and integrity to our cause and
country. The national faith will bo vindicated,
its honor and patriotism maintained, and the
high road to peace and prosperity be opened
and unobstructed.
Mr. LOUGlIllIDGE addressed the com-
mittee in remarks which will be published in
the Appendix.
Mr. COBB moved that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr.
Van Horn, of New York, having taken the
chair as Speaker pro tempore, Mr. Cullom
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, having had under con-
sideration the Union generally, had come to
no resolution thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. CULLOM, (at
ten o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees :
By Mr. CHANLER: The petition of officers
of the Army, for the passage of a bill to equalize
the pay of officers and to establish the pay of
enlisted soldiers in the Army.
By Mr. SCHENCK: Three petitions of
officers of the Army, asking for the passage of
General Schenck's bill to fix and equalize the
pay of officers, and to establish the pay of
enlisted soldiers of the Army.
IN SENATE.
Friday, July 17, 1868.
Prayer by Eev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Mr. "WILSON, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of the
Navy, communicating, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate of the 8th instant,
information in relation to the number of per-
sons employed in the navy-yards on the 1st day
of January, 18G8, and the 1st day of July, 18G8 ;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Secretary of the Interior, recommending an
appropriation to contractors for supplies fur-
nished to friendly Indians; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
senators from north carolina.
Mr. WILSON presented the credentials of
Joseph C. Abbott, elected a Senator in Con-
gress by the Legislature of North Carolina,
chosen under the reconstruction acts, for the
term expiring on the 4th day of Mareh, 1871 ;
which were read.
Mr. SUMNER presented the credentials of
John Pool, elected a Senator in Congress by
the Legislature of North Carolina, chosen
under the reconstruction acts, for the term
expiring on the 4th day of March, 1873 ; which
were read.
Mr. POMEROY. I trust that the Senators-
elect will be sworn in and admitted to their
SCMr. SUMNER. I move that the oath be
administered to these Senators.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. Abbott and Mr. Pool then advanced
to the desk, escorted by Mr. Wilson and Mr.
Sumner ; and the oaths prescribed by law hay-
ing been administered to them, they took their
seats in the Senate.
courts in florida.
Mr. WELCH. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to take up_ Senate bill No. 004.
It is very brief, and it will take but a moment
to consider it.
By unanimous consent the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill (S. No. 604) regulating the times and places
of holding the district and circuit courts of the
United States for the northern district of Flor-
ida. It provides that the times and placesof hold-
ing the United States district and circuit court3
for the northern district of Florida shall here-
after be as follows : at Jacksonville on the first
Monday of December, at Tallahassee on the
first Monday of February, and at Pensacola
oil the first Monday of January, and that the
terms of the United States courts heretofore
held at St. Augustine and at Apalachicola be
hereafter discontinued.
Mr. WELCH. I move to amend the bill in
line seven, by striking out "January" and
inserting " March," so that it will read: "and
at Pensacola on the first Monday of March."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Has that bill been
referred to any committee?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is re:
ported from the Committee on the Judiciary.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
temporary loan certificates.
Mr. CATTELL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
543, to provide for the further issue of tempo-
rary loan certificates for the purpose of re-
deeming and retiring the remainder of the out-
standing compound-interest notes.
T h e IJftES I DE NT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to entertain the motion.
The Chair bears no objection.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CATTELL. I am now willing to yield
to morning business.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of offi-
cers of the United States Army, praying an in-
crease of compensation ; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I present the memorial
of O Gil oral B. S. Roberts, ot the Army, ad-
dressed to the Senate, in which he sets forth
that very great and gross injustice has been
done to him m a letter addressed to the Gen-
eral-m-Chief of the Army and transmitted to
the Senate, from W. B. Franklin, late maior
general of volunteers m the United States
Army, m which General Franklin accusea
(ieneral Roberts of not having a good charac-
ter tor truth, and refers as evidence of that to
(general George II. Thomas. General Rob-
erts incloses in his memorial demanding jus-
tice a letter from General Thomas entirely
repudiating any authority of his for the state-
ment of General Franklin. As this has been
sent to the benate for some action connected
Willi military affairs, General Roberts appeals
, • y,t0 glve an opportunity to vin-
I move that the memo-
dicate his character.
