2096
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
the vote on the measure shall be taken. I pro-
pose that the bill shall go over until to-morrow,
if that is desired by Senators, with the under-
standing that a vote shall be taken to-morrow
at five o clock. I do not make this proposition
with reference to any action by the Supreme
Court. I am not advised particularly as to what
the Supreme Court do or do not intend to do;
and, oi course, I shall not be governed in my
action by that consideration. But it will be
necessary, if this bill is passed by the Senate,
that it shall go to the House of Representatives,
where it must, of course, be more or less dis-
cussed; and I wish so to provide that, if pos-
sible, it may be passed through both Houses
this week, because the next week will betaken
up with other business, and the legislation of
the country cannot proceed. If that will be
satisfactory—and I am sure the friends of this
bill will give the gentlemen on the other side a
very large proportion of the time in whieh to
discuss the subject—I propose to let the bill go
over until to-morrow, with the understanding
that the vote shall be taken by five o'clock. I
would agree to continue its' consideration for a
longer time if I thought the action of the other
House could be had before the commencement
of next week.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I will come to that
question in a moment, Mr. President. The
statement has been made, and very extensively
published in the newspapers of the country, that
this amendment was voted on in the House of
Representatives, and was concurred in by the
Senate, without any person understanding it in
either House except gentlemen who were con-
cerned in proposing the amendment, and who
desired its enactment. I have stated the facts
as they took place in the Senate to show that,
so far as I was concerned, there was no lack
of vigilance in relation to this measure ; that I
did all I could to procure delay upon it in
order that it might be thoroughly examined ;
and I called for the yeas and nays on the ques-
tion of concurring in the amendment, and
recorded myself against it; but as the question
came up just at the time of adjournment, when
the Senate was thin and fatigued, and I, my-
self, exhausted, it was impossible at that time
to enter upon the debate; and by the refusal
of the Senate to give me any time whatever
for its consideration it was impossible that any
gentleman should enter upon its discussion. At
all events, so far as I am concerned, I disavow
altogether, for myself, the imputation which
has been so extensively published throughout
the country, that members of the Senate who
are now opposed to the enactment of this par-
ticular measure were in fault, either with regard
to the attention which they bestowed on the
subject or with regard to any effort to procure
its due consideration.
Now, sir, the measure having passed under
the circumstances I have mentioned, I am not
at all disposed to become a party to an agree-
ment such as the Senator from Oregon speaks
of, now, before anything has been done in the
way of debate upon the bill, to fix an arbitrary
limit for debate under circumstances unprece-
dented, as far as tknow, in the history of meas-
ures in this body. After debate has gone on
upon a measure to a certain extent, when mem-
bers of the Senate think it has been sufficiently
debated, it is occasionally our habit by mutual
understanding to fix some time when the vote
shall be taken. Now, the Senator asks that
this shall be done before we enter upon its
consideration at all. I object to the introduc-
tion of this new practice, not so much because
I desire delay upon this bill; I do not intend to
speak upon it at length, and I do not suppose
the gentlemen opposed to it generally intend to
speak at length or to occupy any unreasonable
time; and, so far as I understand their views,
they will be perfectly content to conclude this
subject at all events within the next two sittings
of the Senate. That will afford ample oppor-
tunity to send the bill to the other House on
Friday. .
There will be, doubtless, a Saturday session
of both Houses, so that there will be no lack,
no want of time for disposing of this matter.
My desire is that we shall simply postpone it
for the present, and let the debate go on to-
morrow and come to an end to-morrow, if an
end can then be attained; and, if not, that it
shall at all events be concluded on the day fol-
lowing within reasonable time for final action,
and this ought to be done certainly in the case
of a measure which underwent no debate in
either House when it was under consideration
originally.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, it is well
known that there is important business before
the Senate of an executive character ; and I
think, perhaps, in the present state of this ques-
tion, there maybe a compromise between both
sides by proceeding with the consideration of
executive business with the understanding that
this measure shall be in order at one o'clock
to-morrow to be proceeded with ; and 1 would
add, also, with the further understanding that
a vote should be reached some time in the
course of to-morrow afternoon, say by fotfr or
five o'clock. 1 will move, therefore, that the
Senate now proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
Several Senators addressed the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion of the Senator from Massachusetts is not
a debatable motion under the rules which have
just now been adopted.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not wish to de-
bate it, but I wish, as a matter of justice, per-
haps, to the Senator from Massachusetts, to
say that I do not vote to go into executive ses-
sion with the understanding that we shall come
to a vote on this other question to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 hope, then, we shall
not go into executive session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, that the Senate procccd to the con-
sideration of executive business ; and that mo-
tion must bo decided without debate under the
present rules.
The motion was not agreed to ; there being,
on a division—-ayes 1!), noes 21.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, as the
Senators who seem to be opposed to the con-
sideration of this subject are unwilling to have
any understanding in regard to taking the vote
and protest against any such understanding, I
see no other way but to proceed with the con-
sideration of the measure. I wish, however,
in the outset, to say one word in rfeply to the
Senator from Maryland [Mr. Joiixsox] and the
Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Buokalew]
as to the importance of this measure. In my
judgment there is no such great importance
to bo attached to it. It is a bill of very little
importance, in my judgment; and I wish to say
to the Senator from Maryland that the Supreme
Court has not decided that any case is pending
before it under the act of February 6, 1867.
No such decision has been made, nor do I
believe any such decision ever would be made.
The second section of this act repeals so
much of an act passed a year ago as author-
izes appeals from the circuit courts to the Su-
preme Court in a certain class of cases, of
which class no such case is in the Supreme
Court, in my judgment. We had lived ever
since the formation of the Government down
to 1867 without any law upon the statute-book
authorizing an appeal from a circuit court to
the Supreme Court in habeas corpus cases gen-
erally; there was a special provision for an
appeal where a foreigner was arrested and
claimed some right under the law of nations,
by a statute passed, I think, in 1842. The act
of 1807 was not the first act which authorized
writs oi habeas corpus to be issued by the Uni-
ted States courts. The act of 1789 authorized
the issuing of all such writs in cases where per-
sons were deprived of their liberty under au-
thority or color of authority of the United
States. Why, then, was the act of 1807 passed?
It was passed to authorize writs of habeas cor-
pus to issue in cases where persons were de-
prived of their liberty under State laws or pre-
tended State laws. It was the object of the
act of 1867 to confer jurisdiction otf'the United
States courts in cases not before provided for,
and it was to meet a class of cases which was
arising in the rebel States, where, under pre-
tense of certain State laws, men made free by
the Constitution of the United States were vir-
tually being enslaved, and it was also appli-
cable to cases in the State of Maryland where,
under an apprentice law, freedmen were being
subjected to a species of bondage. The object
was to authorize a habeas corpus in those cases
to issue from the United States courts, and to
be taken by appeal to the Supreme Court.
Now, there is no such case as that pending in
the Supreme Court, and there has been no
such case pending in the Supreme Court.
That was the object of the statute of 1867 ;
and it is proposed to repeal that provision.
When the Senator from Maryland says that
this is repealing a law which gives the Supreme
Court jurisdiction of a case now before it, and
a great case, he assumes the very point in dis-
pute. There is no such case before the Su-
preme Court, in my judgment, nor has the court
decidcd that there is any such case.
Now, sir, it seems to me that this is not a
bill of such vast importance as to require any
great delay. Nor is it true, as the Senator
from Pennsylvania assumes, that the Senate
was very thin when the bill passed. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania called attention to this
bill, and he called for the yeas and nays, and
the record shows that thirty-eight Senators
voted on the call of the yeas and nays. I
think that is about as full as" the Senate ordi-
narily is ; larger, I presume, than the average
votes in the body. Thirty-two Senators voted
for it and six Senators voted against it. The
President of the United States in his message—
I do not propose to go into the discussion of
it at this time—regards the passage of this bill
as dangerous to the liberties of the people!
Why, sir, the liberties of this people had been
pretty well preserved for three quarters of a
century without the act of February 5, 1867,
in any of its provisions; and all the securities
that were ever afforded, until within the last
year, are left just as they always have been.
I hope, sir, we may go on with the consider-
ation of this subject now, unless there can bo
some understanding that we shall get a vote
to-morrow.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, my hon-
orable friend from Illinois seems to think that
there is no importance in this measure; that it
affects nothing and nobody; that there is no
case pending in the Supreme Court which this
act will affect; that it is a mistake and a delu-
sion on our part to suppose that there is any
such case there, under the law of 1867. Well,
sir, if he be correct in this, why the great haste
for pressing this bill? What does it mean?
If there is no case in the Supreme Court to
which it will apply, if there is no importance
in this measure, why is it pressed?
Sir, I apprehend that the honorable Senator
from Illinois is altogether mistaken in the view
which he now presents ; that this is a very im-
portant measure, and that there is a very im-
portant case pending in the Supreme Court
under the act which it is now proposed to
repeal. The honorable Senator himself, as
counsel in that court, if 1 am correctly in-
formed, with other counsel, made a motion to
dismiss a case pending in the Supreme Court,
or alleged to bo pending, under this act, and
the court refused to dismiss it. I think the
presumption is, when the court refuse to dis-
miss it and the ground urged for dismissal was
that they had no jurisdiction, that the court
decided that they had jurisdiction of the ease,
and that there is a case pending there. We all
know, the whole world knows, that this case
of McCardle is pending in the Supreme Court,
brought up on appeal, under the act of 1867,
from the circuit court of Mississippi, and that
that case has been argued, argued by eminent
counsel, and that it is ponding.
It is important because the case involves the
constitutionality of the reconstruction acts
which confer upon military tribunals the power
