1072
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (II. R.
No. 439) additional aud supplementary to an
act entitled "Anaetto providefor the more effi-
cient government of the rebel States," passed
March 2, 1867, and to the acts supplementary
thereto, the pending question being on the
motion of Mr. Doolittle. to refer the bill to
the Committee on the Judiciary, with the in-
structions proposed by him. •
Mr. HAB.LAN. Mr. President, it is not my
purpose to confine my remarks to an examina-
tion of the instructions offered by the Senator
from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle] nor to extend
them to an examination of the details of the
bill. I desire, however, to state as clearly and
as briefly as I can the reasons that influence
me to support the principles involved in this
bill^and kindred measures of legislation. 1 do
not doubt that the whole controversy will be
concluded by the settlement of one question—
a mixed question, perhaps, of law and fact—
that is, whether the existing organizations in
the ten States named in this bill are legal State
governments, in harmony with the Constitu-
tion of the United States; for if they are, as
has been maintained in this discussion on the
other side of the Chamber, I think it will fol-
low irresistibly that Congress would have no
more rightful authority over the purely local
affairs of the people in each one of those
States than they could exercise over the local
affairs of the people of any of the twenty-
seven States now represented on this floor.
In the examination of this question I shall
proceed in historical order.
In the year 1860 each one of these States
had a constitutional State government; but
these goyernments, it has been admitted in
this discussion, were superseded by organiza-
tions which the people themselves in those
States denominated State governments. They
were, however, treated by Congress in all the
legislation connected with the suppression of
the rebellion as void. They were so treated
by President Lincoln during his lifetime, and
have been so declared by President Johnson
in grave State papers communicated by him to
the people of those States. It has been ad-
mitted, I think, by every Senator who has
addressed the Senate on this subject from the
other side of the Chamber, that those organ-
izations, beginning in the early part of 1801
and terminating during the year 1865, were
void for illegality. The Senator from Mary-
land [Mr. Johkson] informed the Senate and
the country that the Chief Justice of the Su-
preme Court of the United States, sitting a?
the presiding judge in the circuit court for
North Carolina, so held in an actual case
brought before him for adjudication. I have in
my hand what purports to be a copy of the
opinion rendered in that case, and read the
following clause:
"There is no doubt that the State of North Caro-
lina, by the acts of the convention of May, 1861, by
the previous acts of tho Governor of the State, by
subsequent acts of all the departments of the State
government, and by the acts of the people at the
elections held after May. 1861, set aside her State
government and constitution conneetcd, under the
national Constitution, with the Government of the
United States."
Then, Mr. President, it has been held by
every department of the national Govern-
ment, executive, legislative, and judicial, so
far as judicial opinions have been rendered
on that subject, that these organizations, be-
ginning in 1861 and terminating in 1865, were
void for illegality. If they were illegal, why
were they illegal? They were formed, each,
in pursuance of the provisions of law; some
of them with great regularity. Constitutional
conventions were assembled by virtue of laws
enacted by State Legislatures, and they pro-
ceeded formally to change the framework of
their governments. These organizations, more-
over, became perfect in all their forms, at least
to external appearance. They had an exec-
utive, legislative, aud judicial system. They
were effective, in fact so effective that they
excluded from the limits of those States, ill
a territorial point of view, every semblance
of civil government in opposition to those
thus instituted. They were so fas acquiesced
in by the masses of the people of those States
as to be resorted to for the redress of all
their grievances and for the protection of
all their rights, both of person and of prop-
erty. These organizations also resorted to the
assessment and collection of taxes and the
organization of their militia, the negotiation
of loans, domestic and foreign, formed new
affiliations, constructed large navies, and or-
ganized and supported immense armies, that
carried on a terrible war for a long period,
which for vigor and effectiveness has been
without a parallel on the page of modern his-
tory. They were, moreover, republican inform,
atleast, it theSenatorlroinlndiana [Mr. Hend-
ricks] is correct in the definition of a repub-
lican form of government stated in a speech
delivered by him in this Chamber a few days
since. That Senator said :
" Now, sir, I think a republican form of govern-
ment is a lorm of government, 111 which the people
make their own laws through legislators selected by
themselves, execute their taws through an executive
department chosen by themselves, and administer
their laws through their own courts."
If this be a correct definition of a repub-
lican form of government these intervening
rebel governments were republican in form ;
for it cannot be denied that they made their
so-called laws through legislators selected by
themselves, administered them by executive
officers elevated to power by their own votes,
and enforced them by a judiciary which they
themselves had established. Having been
formed in pursuance of law ; having become
effective in all their parts; having become the
exclusive, local, civil government within the
territorial jurisdiction of those States—for there
was no opposing civil power except in the wake
of the Union armies and within the limits of
the Union lines—if they were republican in
form, I inquire again, in what did their illegal-
ity consist'.'
It may be said that they failed to comply with
the third clause of the fourth article of the
Constitution of the United States, requiring
the "members of the several State Legisla-
tures and all executive and judicial officers,
both of the United States and of the several
States," to take an oath or affirmation to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States.
But, sir, this was merely an omission which
could have been easily supplied, which in
1865 the leaders of those organizations pro-
posed to supply, and were prevented by the
action of the organs of this Government. It
will be remembered that the Governor of Vir-
ginia proposed to President Lincoln to con-
vene the Virginia Legislature for the purpose
of calling a convention to rescind the ordinance
of secession and to repeal all laws enacted
which were supposed to be in conflict with the
Constitution and laws of the United States, lie
was prohibited by an order issued by the Presi-
dent to the commanding general at Ilichmond.
The general was instructed, if those parties
should persist in holding such a meeting, to
disperse them, if necessary, by force of arms.
A similar proposition was.made to the present
President of the United States by the rebel
General Johnston through General Sherman,
commanding then one of the nation's armies.
This proposition was forwarded to President
Johnson, who issued orders interdicting a
compliance with it; and afterward the Gov-
ernor of Mississippi proposed to issue a proc-
lamation convening the Legislature of that
State for the same purpose, which request was
also refused. In order that no doubt may
exist as to the truth of these citations of cur-
rent history, I read the order issued in the
latter case, dated May 21, 1865:
"Major General Canby telegraphed as follows to
Major General Warren, commanding the Depart-
ment of Mississippi: i
•"By direction ot the President you will not recog- '
nize any ofheer of the confederate or State govern- !
mentwithm the limits you command as authorized 1
to exercise in any maimer whatever the lunctions !
of their late offices. You wilt prevent by iorce, if
necessary, any attempt of any of the Legislatures of
the States in insurrection to assemble for legislative I
purposes, and will imprison any members or other
persons who may attempt to exercise these lunctions
in opposition to your orders.'"
Then this supposed defect exists by virtue
of the refusal of the authorities of the national
Government to prevent the people themselves
from remedying it. Now, pray tell me in what
the illegality of those organizations consists
which have been admitted by every department
of the Government and every Senator who has
spoken from the opposite side of this Chamber
to have been illegal from the beginning and
void on account of their illegality. The Con*
mittee on Reconstruction, in the report to
which I will refer present^, also maintained
the same position, but they state in that report
that this illegality or informality might have
been cured by the affirmative action of the
national Government; and that position, I
think, has been maintained by Senators on the
other side of the Chamber and also on this
side, and in support of it have been cited
various opinions rendered by the Supreme
Court of the United States, from which it
appears conclusively that the Congress of the
United States has been clothed with authority
to guaranty to each State a republican form
of government, and that Congress, therefore,
possessed tho exclusive right to decide what is
and what is not a republican form of govern-
ment. Acting under this authority Congress
has declined to vitalize these illegal organiza-
tions, and this leads me to the consideration
of the character of those that now exist, for
tho purpose of ascertaining, if I can, the dif-
ference between these existing organizations,
which Senators on the other side maintain are
legal, vital, republican, and constitutional, and
the organizations that preceded them, which
they admit and every department of the Gov-
ernment has decided were void for illegality.
These were formed under the direction of
the President of the United States in pursu-
ance ot proclamations issued on the 29th of
May, 1865, and subsequently prescribing the
qualifications of electors and of officers, appoint-
ing provisional governors, and directing the
elections of delegates to State conventions to
amend the existing constitutions or to make
new ones for these States. He also directed in
these proclamations that the Army and the
Navy of the United States should afford those
provisional governors all necessary aid and
assistance to carry into effect the provisions of
these proclamations. Now, the first remark I
have to make on this subject is, that it was not
then pretended that this procedure was in
accordance with the provisions of any law, State
or national, statutory or constitutional.
To be more specific, it was not pretended
that this procedure was in conformity with the
provisions of the old constitutions of these
States, which the Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Hbsdhicks] seemed to think had come on
down through all the bloody years of rebellion
to the present time untarnished, with all their
previous vigor and force. On an examination
of those old constitutions no provision will be
found authorizing the proceedings which the
President instituted in these States under the
proclamations to which I have referred; nor
can anything be found in the local State laws
of any one of these States authorizing any such
procedure. Nor isit pretended by any one any-
where that any law of the United States existed
authorizing either the President or the people
in these States to initiate these State govern-
ments ; and there is nothing in the Constitu-
tion of the United States, unless it be the fourth
section of the fourth article, which has been so
frequently referred to, clothing the Govern-
ment of the United States with power to guar-
anty to each State a republican form of gov-
ernment, and that clause, the Senators ou the
other side of the Chamber have maintained in
this discussion, is not applicable except to a
State that previously existed.
We contend that the article of the Constitu-
tion to which I have just leferred invests this
Government with the power to ascertain the
character of a State government that has been
