38
SUPPLEMENT TO
cial morning report, which.would have shown
the condition and station of every man. But
that was not all. He directs the commander
of the department to come as early as practi-
cable. Why this haste to learn the number
of troops? Observe, the order does not go
through General Grant, as by law it ought to
liave done. General Emory, not knowing
what is wanted, of course obeyed the order as
soon as possible. The President asked him if
lie remembered the conversation which he had
with him when ho first took command of the
department as to the strength of the garrJIon
of Washington, and the general disposition of
troops in the department. Emory replied that
"he did distinctly;" that was last September.
Then, after explaining to him fully as to all the
changes, the President asked lor recent changes
of troops. Emory denied they could have
been made without the order going through
him, and then, with soldierly frankness, (as he
evidently suspected what the President was
after,) said by law 110 order could come to
him, save through the General of the Army,
and that had been approved by the President
and promulgated in a General Order No. 17.
The President, wished to see it. It was pro-
duced. General Emory says: "Mr. Presi-
dent, I will take it as a great favor if you will
permit me to call your attention to this order
or act." Why a favor to Emory? Because
he feared that he was to be called upon by the
President to do something in contravention of
that law. The President read it and said:
" This is not in accordance with the Constitu-
tion of the United States, which makes me
Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy,
or with the language of your commission,"
Emory then said: "That is not a matter for
the officers to determine. There was the order
sent to us approved by him, and we were all
governed by that order.''
He said, " Am I to understand, then, that
the President of the United States cannot, give
an order but through General Grant?" Gen-
eral Emory then made the President a short
speech, telling him that the officers of the
Army had been consulting lawyers on the sub-
ject, Reveudy Johnson and Robert J. Walker,
and vvere advised that they were bound to obey
that order. Said he, "I think it right to tell
you the Army arc a unit on this subject."
After a short pause, "seeing there was noth-
ing more to say," General Emory left. What
made all the officers consult lavVyers about
obeying a law of the United States? What
influence had been at work with them? The
course of the President. In his message to
Congress in December he had declared that
the time might come when"he would resist a
law of Congress by force. IIow could Gen-
eral Emory tell that in the judgment of the
President that time had not come, and hence
was anxious to assure the President that he
could not oppose the law?
In his answer to the first article he asserts
that he had fully come to the conclusion to
remove Mr. Stanton at all events, notwith-
standing the law and the action of the Senate ;
in other words, he intended to make, and did
make executive resistance to the law duly en-
acted. The consequences of such resistance
he has told us in his message:
"Where an act hnsbeen passed according to the
forms of the Constitution by tho sm>reme legislative
authority, and is regularly enrolled among the pub-
lic statutesof the country, executive resistance to it,
especially in times of high party excitement, would
be likely to produce violent collision between the 1 e-
spective adherents of the two branches of the Gov-
ernment. This would be simply civil war, and civil
war muit bo resorted to only as the last remedy for
the worst evils." *   * * * a. +
" It is true that cases may occur in which the Ex-
ecutive would be compelled to stand on its rights,
and maintain them, regardless of all consequences."
He admits, in substance, thathe told Emory
that the law was wholly unconstitutional, and,
in effect, took away all his power as Commander-
in-Chief. Was it not just such a law as he had
declared he would resist? Do you not believe
that if General Emory had yielded in the least
to his suggestions the President would have
offered him promotion to bind him to his pur-
poses, as he did Sherman and Thomas?
Pray remember that this is not the case of
one gentleman conversing with another on
moot questions of law; but it is the President,
the Commander-in-Chief, "the fountain of all
honor and source of all power," in the eye of
a military officer, teaching that officer to dis-
obey a law which he himself has determined is
void, with the power to promote the officer if
he finds him an apt pupil.
Is it not a high misdemeanor for the Presi-
dent to assume to instruct the officers of the
Army that the laws of Congress are not to be
obeyed?
Article ten alleges that, intending to set
aside the rightful authority and powers of Con-
gress, and to bring into disgrace and contempt
the Congress of the United States, and to de-
stroy confidence in and to excite odium against
Congress and its laws, ue, Andrew Johnson,
President of the United States, made divers
speeches set out therein, whereby he brought
the office of President into contempt, ridicule,
and disgrace.
To sustain these charges there will be put in
evidence the short-hand notes of reporters in
each instance, who took these speeches or ex-
amined the sworn copies thereof, and one in-
stance where the speech was examined and
corrected by the Private Secretary of the Presi-
dent himself.
To the charges of this article the respondent
answers that a convention of delegates, of
whom he does not say, sat in Philadelphia
for certain political purposes .mentioned, and
appointed a committee to wait upon the re-
spondent as President of the United States;
that they were received, and by their chair-
man, Hon. Revbiuiy Johnson, then and now
a Senator of the United States, addressed the
respondent in a speech, a copy of which the
respondent believes from a substantially cor-
rect report is made a part of the answer ; that
the respondent made a reply to the address of
the committee. While, however, ho gives us
in his answer a copy of the speech made to
him by Mr. Reveudy Johnson, taken from a
newspaper, he wholly omits to give us an au-
thorized version of his own speech, about which
ho may be supposed to know quite as much,
and thus saved us some testimony. lie does
not admit that the extracts from his speech in
the article are correct, nor does he deny that
they are so.
In regard to the speech at Cleveland, he
again does not admit that the extracts cor-
rectly or justly present his speech ; but again
he does not deny that they do so far as the same
is set out.
As to the speech at St. Louis, he does not
deny that he made it—says only that he does
not admit it, and requires, inieacli case, that
tho whole speech shall be proved. In that, I
beg leave to assure him and the Senate, his
wishes shall be gratified to their fullest frui-
tion. The Senate shall see the performance,
so far as is in our power to photograph the
scene by evidence, on each of these occasions,
and shall hear every material word that he said.
His defense, however, to the article is, that" he
felt himself in duty bound to express opinions
of and concerning the public character, con-
duct, views, purposes, motives, and tendencies
of all men engaged in the public service, as
well in Congress as otherwise," "and that-for !
anything he may have said on either of these
occasions he is justified under the constitutional
right of freedom of opinion and freedom of
speech, and is not subject to question, inquisi-
tion, impeachment, or inculpation in any man-
ner or form whatsoever." lie denies, however,
that by reason of any matter in said article or
its specifications alleged he has said or done
anything indecent or unbecoming in the Chief
Magistrate of the United States, or tending to
bring his high office into contempt, ridicule,
or disgrace.
The issue, then, finally, is this: that tlio.se
utterances of his, in the manner and form in
which they are alleged to have been made, and
under the circumstances and at the time they
were made, are decent and becoming the Pres-
ident of the United States, and do not tend to
bring the office into ridicule and disgrace.
We accept the issues. They are two :
First. That he has the right to say what he
did of Congress in the exercise of freedom of
speech ; and second, that what he did_ say in
those speeches was a highly gentlemanlike and
proper performance in a citizen, and still more
becoming in a President of the United States.
Let us first consider the graver matter of the
assertion of the right to cast contumely upon
Congress; to denounce it as a "body hanging
on the verge of the Government"pretend-
ing to be a Congress when, in fact, it was not a
Congress"a Congress pretending to be for
the Union when its every step and act tended
to perpetuate disunion," " and make a disrup-
tion of the States inevitable"a Congress in
a minority assuming to exercise power which,
if allowed to be consummated, would result in
despotism and monarchy itself;" " a Congress
which had done everything to prevent the
union of the States;" "a Congress factious
and domineering;" " a Radical Congress
which gave origin to another rebellion;"
" a Congress upon whose skirts was every drop
of blood that was shed in the New Orleans
riots." You wiil find these denunciations had
a deeper meaning than mere expressions of
opinion. It may be taken as an axiom in the
affair% of nations that no usurper has ever
seized upon the Legislature of his country until
he has familiarized the people with the possi-
bility of so doing by vituperating and decrying
it. Denunciatory attacks upon the Legislature
have always preceded, slanderous abuse of the
individuals composing it have always accom-
panied, a seizure by a despot of the legislative
power of a country.
Two memorable examples in modern history
will spring -to the recollection of every man.
Before Cromwell drove out by the bayonet the
Parliament of England he and liis partisans
had denounced it, derided it, decried it, and
defamed it, and thus brought it into ridicule
and contempt. He villified it with the same
name which—it is a significant fact—the parti-
sans of Johnson, by a concerted cry, applied to
the Congress of the United States when he com-
menced his memorable pilgrimage and crusade
against it. It is a si ill more significant fact that
the justification madeby Cromwell andby John-
son for settingaside the authority of Parliament"
and Congress respectively was precisely the
same, to wit: that they were elected by part
of the people only. When Cromwell, by his
soldiers, finally entered the hall of Parliament
to disperse its members, he attempted to cover
the enormity of his usurpation by denouncing
this man personally as a libertine, that as a
drunkard, another as a betrayer of the liber-
ties of the people. Johnson started out on
precisely the same course, but forgetting the
parallel, too early he proclaims this patriot an
assassin, that statesman a traitor; threatens
to hang that man whom the people delight to
honor, and breathes out " threatenings and
slaughter" against this man whose services in
the cause of human freedom have made his
name a household word wherever the language
is spoken. There is, however, an appreciable
difference between Cromwell and Johnson, and
there is a like difference in the results accom-
plished by each.
When Bonaparte extinguished the Legisla-
ture of France he waited until, through his
press and his partisans and by his own denun-
ciations, he brought its authority into disgrace
and contempt; and when, finally, he drove
the council of the nation from their chamber,
like Cromwell, he justified himself by personal
abu6e of the individuals themselves as they
passed by him.
That the attempt of Andrew Johnson to
overthrow Congress has failed is because of
the want of ability and power, not of malignity
and will.
We are to.o apt to overlook the danger which
may come from words: "We are inclined to
