THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
say that is only ialh—wait till some act is done,
and then it will be time to move. But words
may be, and sometimes are, things—living,
burning things, that set a world on Tire."
As a xnost notable instance of the power of
words look at the inception of the rebellion
through which we have just passed. For a
quarter of a century the nation took no notice
of the talk of disunion and secession which was
heard in Congress and on the "stump" until
in the South a generation was taught them by
word, and the word suddenly burst forth into
terrible, awful war. Does any one doubt that
if Jackson had hanged Calhoun in 1832 for
talking nullification and secession, which was
embryo treason, the cannon of South Carolina
against Fort Sumter would ever have been
heard with all their fearful and deadly eon-
sequences? Nay, more; if the United States
officers, Senators, and Representatives had been
impeached or disqualified from office in 1832
for advocating secession on the " stump," as
was done in 1802 by Congress, then our sons
and brothers now dead in battle or starved
m prison had been alive and happy, and a
peaceful solution of the question of slavery had
been found.
Does any one doubt that if the intentions of
the respondent could have been carricd out,
and his denunciations had weakened the Con-
gress in the affections of the people, so that
those who had in the North sympathized with
the rebellion could have elected suclia minority
even of the Representatives to 'Congress as,
together with those sent up from the govern-
ments organized by Johnson in the rebellious
States, should have formed a majority of both
or either House of Congress, that the Presi-
dent would have recognized such body as the
legitimate Congress, and attempted to carry out
its decrees by the aid of the Army and Navy
and the Treasury of the United States, over
which he now claims such unheard-of and
illimitable powers, and thus lighted the torch
of civil war?
In all earnestness, Senators, I call each one
of you upon his conscience to say whether he
does not believe by a preponderance of evidence
drawn from the acts of the respondent since
he has been in office that if the people had
not been, as they ever have been, true and loyal
to their Congress and to themselves, such would
not have been the result of these usurpations
of power in the Executive?
Is it indeed to be seriously argued here that
there is a constitutional right in the President
of the United States, who during his official
life can never lay aside his official character to
denounce, malign, abuse, ridicule, and con-
temn, openly and publicly, the Congress of the
United Slates—a coordinate branch of the
Government?
It cannot fail to be observed that the Presi-
dent (shall I dare to say his counsel, or are
they compelled by the exigencies of their de-
fense,) has deceived himself as to the grava-
men of the charge in this article. It does
not raise the question of freedom of speech, but
of propriety and decency of speech and con-
duct in a high officer of the Government-
Andrew Johnson, the private citizen, as I
may reverently hope and trust he soon will be,
has the full constitutional right to think and
speak what he pleases, in the manner he pleases,
and where he pleases, provided always he does
not bring himself within the purview of the
common law offenses of being a common railer
and brawler or a common scold, which he may
do, (if a male person is ever liable to commit
that crime;) but the dignity of station, the pro-
prieties of position, the courtesies of office, all
of which are a part of the common law of the
land, require the President of the United States
to observe that gravity of deportment, that fit-
ness of conduct, that appropriateness of de-
meanor, and those amenities of behavior which
are a part of his high official functions. He
stands before the youth of the country the
exemplar of all that is of worth in ambition
and all that is to be sought in aspiration; he I
stands before the men of the country as the I
grave magistrate who occupies, if he does not
fill, the place once honored by Washington :
nay, far higher and of greater consequence, he
stands before the world as the representative
of free institutions, as the type of man whom
the suffrages of a free people have chosen as
their chief. He should be the living evidence
of how much better, higher, nobler, and more
in the image of God is the elected ruler of a
free people than a hereditary monarch, coming
into power by the accident of birth; and when
he disappoints all these hopes and all these
expectations, and becomes the ribald, scurril-
ous blasphemer, bandying epithets and taunts
with a jeering mob, shall he be heard to say
that such conduct is not a high misdemeanor in
office? Nay, disappointing the hopes, causing
the cheek to burn with shame., exposing to the
taunts and ridicule of every nation the good
name and fame of the chosen institutions of
thirty million people, is it not the highest
possible crime and misdemeanor in office; and
under the circumstances is the (/racamen of tlie
charges. The words arenotalleged tobeeither
false or defamatory, because it is notwithinthe
power of any man, however high his official
position, in effect to slander the Congress of
the United States, in the ordinary sense of that
word, so as to call on Congress to answer as
to the trufh of the accusation. We do not go
in, therefore, to any question of truth or falsity.
We rest upon the scandal of the scene. We
would as soon think, in the trial of an indict-
ment against a termagant as a common scold,
of summoning witnesses to prove that what she
said was not true. It is the noise and disturb-
ance in the neighborhood that is the offense,
and not a question of the provocation or irrita-
tion which causes the outbreak.
At the risk of being almost offensive, but
protesting that if so it is not my fault but that
of the person whose acts I am describing, let
mo but faintly picture to you the scene at
Cleveland and St. Louis.
It is evening; the President of the United
States, on a journey to do homage at the tomb
of an illustrious statesman, accompanied by the
head of the Army and Navy and Secretary of
State, has arrived in the great central city of
the continent. lie has been welcomed by the
civic authorities. He has been escorted by a
procession of the benevolent charitable socie-
ties and citizens and soldiers to his hotel. He
has returned thanks in answer to address of
the mayor to the citizens who has received
him. The hospitality of the city has provided
a banquet for him and his suite, when he is
again expected to address the chosen guests
of the city, where all things may be conducted
in decency and order. While he was resting,
as one would have supposed he would have
wished to do from the fatigue of the day, a
noisy crowd of men and boys, washed and un-
washed, drunk and sober, black and white,
assemble in the street, who make night hideous
by their ba'wling; quitting the drawing-room,
without the advice of his friends, the President
of the United States rushes forth on to the
balcony of the hotel to address what proves to
have been a mob, and this he calls in his an-
swer a "fit occasion on which he is held to
the high duty of expressing opinions of and
concerning the legislation of Congress, pro-
posed or completed, in respect of its wisdom,
expediency, justice, worthiness, objects, pur-
poses, and public and political motives and
tendencies."
Observe now, upon this "fit occasion,"
like in all respects to that at Cleveland, when
the President is called upon by the constitu-
tional requirements of his office to expound
"the wisdom, expediency, justice, worthiness,
objects, purposes, and tendencies of the acts
of Congress," what he says, and the manner
in which he says it. Does he speak with the
gravity of a Marshall when expounding con-
stitutional law? Does he use the polished
sentences of a Wirt? Or, failing in these,
which may be his "misfortune, does he, in plain,
homely words of truth and soberness, endeavor
to instruct the men and youth' before him in
their duty to obey the laws and to reverence
their rulers, and to prize their institutions of
government? Although he may have been
mistaken in the aptness of the occasion for
such didactic instruction, still good teaching is
never thrown away. He shows, however, by
his language, as he had shown at Cleveland,
that he meant to adapt himself to the occasion.
He has hardly opened his mouth, as we shall
show you, when soiBe one in the crowd cries,
"How about our British subjects 1"
The Chief Executive, supported by his Sec-
retary of State, so that all the foreign relations
and diplomatic servi'ee were fully represented,
with a dignity that not even his counsel can
appreciate, and with an amenity which must
have delighted Downing street, answers: " We
will attgnd to John Bull after awhile, so far as
that is concerned." The mob, ungrateful, re-
ceive this bit of "expression of opinion upon
the justice, worthiness, objects, purposes, and
public and political motives ana tendencies"
of our relations with the kingdom of Great
Britain as they fell from the honored lips of
the President of the United States with laugh-
ter, and the more unthinking with cheers.
Having thus disposed of our diplomatic re-
lations with the first naval and commercial
na'ion on earth, the President next proceeds
to express his opinion in manner aforesaid and
for the purposes aforesaid to this noisy mob on
the subjcct of the riots, upon which his answer
says " it is the constitutional duty of the Pres-
ident to express opinions for the purposes
aforesaid." A voice calls out, "New Orleans!
go on !" After a graceful exordium the Pres-
ident. expresses his high opinion that a mas-
sacre, wherein his pardoned and unpardoned
rebel associates and friends deliberately shot
down and murdered unarmed Union men with-
out provocation, even Horton, the minister of
the living God, as his hands were raised to the
Prince of Peace, praying, in the language of
the great martyr, "Father, forgive them, for
they know not what they do," was the result
of the laws passed by the legislative depart-
ment of your Government in thewords follow-
ing, that is to say:
" If you witl take up the riot at New Orleans and
trace it back to its source, or to its immediate cause,
you will find out who was responsible for the blood
that was shed there.
" If you take up the riot at Now Orleans and trace
it back to the radical Congress"-—
This, as we might expect, was received by
the mob, composed, doubtless, in large part
of unrepentant rebels, with great cheers and
cries of "bully." It was "bully"—if tjiat
means encouraging—for them to learn on the
authority of the President of the United States
that they might shoot down Union men and
patriots, and lay the sin'of murder upon the
Congress of the United States; and this was
another bit of "opinion" which the counsel
say it was the high duty of the President to
express upon the justice, the worthiness, ob-
jects. " purposes and public and political mo-
tives and tendencies of the legislation of your
Congress."
After some further debate with the mob some
one, it seems, had called out " traitor!" The
President of the United States, on this fitting,
constitutional occasion, immediately took this
as personal, and replies to it:
" Now, my countrymen, it is very easy to indulge
in epithets; itis very easy to call a man Judas, and
cry out traitor, but when he is called upon to give
arguments and facts he is very often found wanting."
What were the " facts that were found want-
ing," which, in the mind of the President, pre-
vented him from being a Judas Iscariot? He
shall state the " wanting" facts in his own lan-
guage on this occasion when he is " exercising
his high constitutional prerogative
"Judas Iscariot! JudasI There was a Judas once,
one of the twelve apostles. Oh! yes, the twelve
apostles had a Christ. .[A voice,' and a Moses.too:'
great laughter.] The twelve apostles had a Christ,
and he never could have had a Judas unless he had
had thetwclvcapostles. If I have played the Judas,
who has been uiy Christthatlhaveplayed the Judas
with? Was it Thad. Stevens? Was it Wendell
Phillips? Was it Charles Sumner 1"
If it were not that the blasphemy shocks lis
