1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1073
previously formed or to initiate a new one
where none exists, while-Senators on the other
side maintain that it does not clothe the Gov-
ernment with power to initiate'the organization
of a State government; and On this side of the
Chamber, in this discussion, it has been main-
tained that that provision can only be- made
practical through legislation by Congress, and
that it is inoperative until Congress shall pro-
vide the means for making it applicable to the
existing condition of things. And at the time
these organizations were initiated no such legis-
lation had been enacted.
Therefore I repeat that these organizations
were not made in pursuance of any law, State
or national, statutory or constitutional. Nor
were they the fruits of the voluntary action of
the people of these States. This has been sub-
stantially settled by the references I have
already made. The voluntary action of the
people was in a different direction, as indicated
in the application of the Governor of Virginia
to President Lincoln to vitalize the organiza-
tion that then existed, in the proposition made
by the rebel General Johnston to General Sher-
man, and in the application made by the Gov-
ernor of Mississippi to President Johnson.
They proposed voluntarily to assemble, rescind
their ordinances of secession, and repeal the
laws which they had enacted in conflict with
the Constitution and laws of the United States,
and present their Senators and members at the
bar of the Senate and of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the Congress of the United States
for admission, and thus resume their former
relations.
But the President compelled them to begin
de novo an organization of Stale governments
from the foundation, and when any of those
constitutional conventions which he had ini-
tiated declined to carry into effect the clauses
of the new constitutions which he had required
them to frame he notified them officially, as
President of the United States, that unless they
complied with those requirements their organi-
zations would not be recognized, and that the
military government which had been instituted
in those States would becontinued. With what
show of reason, then, can it he maintained, as
it has been on the other side of the Chamber
by the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Hetoricks,]
that these organizations are the fruits of the
voluntary, spontaneous action of the people?
They were no more voluntary than the delivery
of liis purse by an unarmed traveler on demand
of a highwayman with the mouth of a pistol at
his breast. rJ^liey did just so much as they were
required to do by the President of the U nited
States and no more. They were compelled to
do that by the sword; and this is what is styled
the formation,6f State governments by the vol-
untary action "of the people!
I am reminded here that several Senators on
the other side of the Chamber have insisted that
these ten States, having once been in the Union,
are still in the Union, are notout of the Union,
and never were. I believe the President of
the United States has acted on that theory
also ; and I am somewhat at a loss to reconcile
that theory with tbft admissions to which I re-
ferred in the beginning of my remarks. It is
said that these States, having once been States
in the Union, are still States, and still in the
Union; and yet for a period of four years and
more they were destitute of State governments.
That is something like the existence of a man
without a soul—perhaps the condition of our
first, parent when he was complete in all his
parts, but without power of volition, of action,
or of consciousness, until the Almighty breathed
into him the breath ot life.
Here it is maintained, and I think it was dis-
tinctly said by the Senator from Maryland,
[Mr. Johnson,] that these States had not
ceased to exist for a single moment; and yet
he cited the opinion of Chief Justice Chase tor
the purpose of showing that the governments
which had existed in these States tor a period
of four years were void. That is a kind of ideal
State existence which I cannot readily compre-
hend. But I may admit that a State may exist
Afimir PYiwa 9r> S-RSS.—No. 68.
in the Union, and-if, it is at the same time
granted that it is totally destitute of govern-
ment it will not weaken my argument, and the
latter has been conceded.
Now, if the first of these systems of State
governments was void, and the'second system
instituted by the President'of the United StateS
is as defective as- the -former—and I think I
have shown that it is equally so—then it will
follow that these governments, too, are void-;
that they have no vitality; and this position
was maintained, I believe, by the' Committee
on Reconstruction. This committee, however;
admitted that Congress might pass over these
informalities 'and remedy these legal defects
by its affirmative notion. I also understood
the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Henmiioks] to
state that if informalities in the organization
of these State governments existed they could
be cured by Congress. This, I believe, is in
conformity with the legislative history of the
United States.
The people of the Territory of California,
for example, without the previous enactment
of an enabling law, organized a State govern-
ment; that is, framed and adopted a State con-
stitution and applied for admission into the
Union. It was maintained in the discussion
that the organization was illegal, and conse-
quently void; yet that that illegality might be
cured by an affirmative act of the Congress of
the United States. That action was had, and
California was admitted into the Union on an
equal footing with the other States.
The same may be said of the formation of-
a State government in Michigan and in Ne-
braska, where the constitutions were not framed
under any existing enabling act, but the in-
formality was passed over. On the other hand,
however, the people of New Mexico and Utah,
in the absence of an enabling act, framed State
constitutions, elected their State officers, se-
lected their members and Senators to the Con-
gress o*f the United States, applied foradmission
into the Union, and were not admitted. The
illegality in their case was not cured by an
affirmative act of the Congress of the United
States, and as yet they are not recognized as
States.
So in cases that have occurred since the war
began. In Missouri the legal State govern-
ment was overturned by the rebels and _a pro-
visional government instituted by loyal citizens,
sustained by the advice of the President of the
United States and by the power of the Union
armies. In Virginia the same state of facts
existed. The legal State government was over-
thrown and a provisional government insti-
tuted. So in Tennessee. No one, I believe,
has pretended that the people in these States,
in setting up their provisional forms of govern-
ment, acted in pursuance of law ; but this in-
formality, or illegality, if you please, was after-
ward cured by the enactment of laws by the
Congress of the United States. They were
received back and have since enjoyed their
original rights as members of the Union.
But, on the other hand, governments formed
in the same mode in Louisiana, Arkansas, and
North Carolina were not then recognized by
the Congress of the United States, and conse-
quently they have not been restored to their
original relations. So with all the ten States
mentioned in this bill. Although they have
proceeded informally, without authority of law,
to set up State governments, doubtless Con-
gress has power to pass over these informali-
ties, cure these legal defects, and receive their
Senators and Representatives: but Congress
has not, in the exercise of its discretion, seen
proper to pass such laws. Doubtless these
defects could be cured to-day by the exercise
of the legislative power of this nation through
the Senate and House of Representatives, but
it has not been done; and unless the opinions
pronounced by the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States in the cases arising out of the rebel-
lion in Rhode Island shall hereafter be over-
turned, that is the end of the controversy.
It is admitted on both sides that the guar-
antee clause enables Congress to decide be-
tween twef organization^ which is the legal .Onte;
But that concedes the whole question; for if
Congress may decide between two organiza-
tions which one is republican-in form,'ther
may find,' if the facts should j'ustify it,;-ftf4t
neither is; just as in' a contest for a seat in-tHis
Chamber by two parties claiming to have been
legally elected, the Constitution- clothes this
body With the'power to decide' between ~th6
applicants; but they' may,, if the facts estab-
lished should require, deeide that neither Itas
been legally elected, or that neither is eligible
to the seat, and refer the question back to be
settled by the State from which they come.
So in this case. If, then, Congress has not
removed these legal defects, they still exist,
and it must be the end of the controversy.
. I know it .has been insisted here during this
discussion by several Senators that in their
Opinipn Congress has impliedly recognized .the
legality of these organizations as States m sub-
mitting proposed amendments to the Constitu-
tion of the United States, which amendments
could not become valid as a part of the Con-
stitution without the affirmation or consent of
three fourths of all the States. They say that
the assent of some of these ten States was
necessary to secure this three-fourths vote, and
as one of these proposed amendments has been
declared to be a part of the^ Constitution, as
they maintain, in consequence of the affirm-
ation of a part of these provisional States,
Congress is concluded, unless we admit the
dilemma, which they seem to think inextricable,
that these organizations may be States for the
purpose of affirming an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States and not
States for other purposes.
Onthis pointlhave twoobservationsto malic.
The first is, that the concurrent resolutions pro-
posing amendments to the Constitution of the
United States wfere never submitted by Con-
gress to any State per se or pro forma. They
were passed just as other concurrent resolu-
tions were enacted—-just as joint resolutions
and laws are passed, except that it has been
held thsff these concurrent resolutions do not
need the approval of the President. Having
been passed, they were lodged with the Secre:
tary of State, the legal custodian of all such
papers, and there the action of Congress ended".
Each of the other departments of the Govern-
ment and every State of the Union was bound
to take notice of what had been done, and to
act or to decline action accordingly. Who
will commit the folly of maintaining that it is
necessary to proclaim a law in order to give it
effect ? We all know that a law enacted by
Congress takes effect from the moment of its
approval, or from the moment of its passage
over the President's objections. So with the
passage of these concurrent resolutions; no
formal submission of them to any of these
States was necessary, or, in fact, required.
That I am now speaking according to the
record I will prove by citing a passage which
I find in a letter addressed by B. P. Perry,
provisional governor of South Carolina, to the
Secretary of State, (Mr. Seward,) and a clause
of his reply. The provisional governor says,
among other things, that—
"The membrrs of the Legislature saythey have
received no official information of the amendment
of the Federal Constitution abolishing blavery.
The Secretary, in a letter dated November
6, 1865, replies:
"Your dispatch to the President, of November 4,
has been received. He is not entirely satisfied wl£ft
tlie explanation it contains. He deems necessary toe
passage of adequate ordinances declaring tnat an
insurrectionary proceedings were unlawful ana voia
ab initio
Now comes the clause to which I invite par-
ticular attention:
"Neither the Constitution nor laws direct official
information to a State of amendments to the Con-
stitution by Congiesi."—McPherson a Manual, page
23.
• He proceeds to add, however, that a certi-
fied copy will be communicated by himself,
but that no such action was required of this
Government, either by the Constitution or
laws of the United States. They were bound
