XS&8.
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
mm
to try meu in civil life without the presentment
of a grand jury and without trial by a petit
jury, as is required by the Constitution of the
United States. It involves the constitutional-
ity of these acts which have been passed by
Congress. If there be no such case before the
court why does the honorable Senator desire
to pass this bill to take away jurisdiction of a
case which docs not exist? If the honorable
Senator does not believe it is an important
question to determine whether these acts be or
be not constitutional, if he has faith to believe
that they are constitutional, and that the court
will decide that they are constitutional, why
undertake to take away the jurisdiction of the
court?
Mr. President, the truth is, and we may as
well look it square in the face, it is because
men know that these acts will be decided to be
unconstitutional. That is the reason why they
desire to take away from the court the consid-
eration of the question. The matter has been
considered ; it has already been argued on both
sides ; and the court stands ready to decide one
way or the other, unless Congress interfere and
tyike away its power to decide. Why this haste
to take away the power ? Is it because you
know that the court will decide your acts to be
unconstitutional?
Mr. WILSON. I desire to ask a question
of the Senator, if he will yield ?
Mr. DOOLLTTLE. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator says that Sen-
a'ors know that the Supreme Court will decide
certain acts to be unconstitutional. IIow does
the Senator from Wisconsin know that?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have not said that.
My honorable frieud is mistaken. I say it is
because honorable Senators fear that the court
will so decide that they make this effort to take
away its jurisdiction.
Mr. WILSON. I understood the Senator to
say that we knew it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I did not intend to say
that Senators know what the Supreme Court will
decide. If I said that, it is more than I intended
to say. I say it is because they fear it; because
they know that the constitutionality of the
measures is devolved, and they fear that the
decision will be against their constitutionality
that they make this effort to take away the
jurisdiction. No other reason can be given.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President-
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Nevada allow me to read a single sentence from
the opinion of the court to show that the Sen'-
ator from Wisconsin has incorrectly stated it?
Mr. STEWART. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood the Senator
from Wisconsin to say that the Supreme Court
had decided, on the motion to dismiss an ap-
peal, that the case referred to was a caseunder
the act of 1807.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No, sir. I said they
refused to dismiss it, and therefore I thought
the fair presumption was that the court were
of opinion that they had jurisdiction of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, sir, I will read
what the court itself said, and that will answer
the Senator's presumption:
"Another objection to the jurisdiction of this court
on appeal was drawn from the clause of the first sec-
tion, which declares that the jurisdiction defined by
it is ' in addition to the authority already conferred
by law/
"This objection seems to be an objection to the
jurisdiction of the circuit court over the cause rather
than to the jurisdiction of this court on appeal.
" The latter jurisdiction, as has just been shown, is
coextensive with the former. Every question of sub-
stance which the circuit court could decide upon the
return of the habeas corpus, including the question
of its own jurisdiction, may be revised here on ap-
peal from its final judgment.
"But an inquiry on.'this motion into the jurisdic-
tion of the circuit court would be premature. It
would extend to the merits of the cause, in that
court."
The point was that that court had no juris-
diction under the act of 1867; and the Supreme
Court expressly say that that is a question to
be decided with the merits of the cause, and
they do not decide it on this motion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand the Su-
preme Court to say that as to the jurisdiction
40th Cong. '2d Sess.—No. 132.
of the court below they do not now assume to
pass on that until the case comes up for bear-
ing ; but, as to their own jurisdiction, they do
say that they have a right to review the whole
case and decide whether the court below had
jurisdiction or not, as well as every other ques-
tion involved in the case.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let there be no mis-
understanding between the Senator from Wis-
consin and myself about the point. The court
expressly refused to decide whether the circuit
court had jurisdiction under the act.of 1807,
and that is the very point. If the circuit court
did not have jurisdiction under the act of 1807,
then, of course, the Supreme Court had no
jurisdiction, because the two jurisdictions arc
coextensive. They refused to pass upon that
question expressly. Before the act of 1807 no
appeal lay in a habeas corpus case to the Su-
preme Court. It was the act of 1867 that gave
the right to appeal to the Supreme Court.
Under the act of 1789 no such thing as an ap-
peal in a habeas corpus case to the Supreme
Court was ever known, and so the court had
often decided that an appeal did not lie. Then
the question was whether in this particular
case the circuit court had jurisdiction under
the act of 1807 or under the act of 17S9, and
the Supreme Court said they would not decide
that until the merits of the case came up. Now,
suppose it appears on the merits that the juris-
diction in the particular case referred to was
under the act of 1789, then, as a matter of
course, the Supreme Court has no jurisdiction,
or the circuit court either, under the act of 1807,
and that is an end of the case; and that is just
what the court did not decide on this motion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That confirms just what
I stated. The Supreme Court dccided that they
had jurisdiction of the decision of the court
below and the right to review it, and review
the whole of it; but the question as to whether
the court below had jurisdiction of the ease or
not they would not decide until they came to
decide on the merits.
Mr. STEWART. I suppose, in considering
a law of this character, Congress must place it
on grounds of public policy and public con-
venience, as they do all laws. If the act of
February 5, 1867, can be construed so as to
give appellate jurisdiction in habeas corpus
cases generally to the Supreme Court, it cer-
tainly must be admitted by all to have been a
great blunder. It must have been an inad-
vertence ; for while the Supreme Court is two
or three or four years behind with its business
and the vast interests of the country there arc
delayed as they are, and the rights of litigants
practically denied, to load it with business of
this character that never has been thought of
before to the exclusion of other business cer-
tainly is legislation that should be at once cor-
rected. I think the McCardle case, which has
been referred to, is a case in point to illustrate
the necessity of this proposed legislation.
Here is a case where a party is out on bail,
where there is not the slightest inconvenience
to him personally; and that case is advanced
and several weeks of the term of the court ex-
hausted in long arguments upon a matter of
very trifling importance in itself to the exclu-
sion of all other business. It does seem to me
that if we have loaded the court in that way
we should proceed at once to relieve it in some
mode of so much labor.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator from Nevada a question. He states that |
the court is overburdened with this class of ,
business. How many cases have come into the ;
Supreme Court under this law?
Mr. STEWART. Not very many under this
law, but a great deal of time has been occupied.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Do you know of any
but one?
Mr. STEWAET. I only know of one; but
I have heard of several that are in process of
preparation for this purpose.
Mr. HENDRICKS. One case, then, bur-
dens the court?
Mr. STEWART. But it consumes time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the honorable
Senator from Nevada give \yay for a motion
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business? Our friends on this
side of the Chamber are perfectly acquainted
with the merits of this question and very anx-
ious to vote upon it to-night, while Senators on
the other side are not acquainted with it and
ask for time. We insist upon going on now,
and then we take to ourselves nearly all the
lime. If that course is to he pursued 1 shall
move an executive session, so as to give time
to gentlemen on the other side.
Mr. STEWART. I will yield the floor in a
moment. I did not intend to occupy any con-
siderable time. I was about through. I sim-
ply wanted to call attention to the fact that we
had got along very well since the foundation
of this Government—since 1789—without call-
ing on the Supreme Court to attend to this
class of business; and in the first, instance
when it has been undertaken we find that the
regular business of the court has been set aside
and several weeks occupied by a case of this
kind. I think, in view of this fact, it is very
proper that we should retrace our steps and
correct our mistake, if, indeed, the act of
1807 confers the jurisdiction which it is claimed
that it does confer, which seems to me exceed-
ingly doubtful.
Mr. SUMNER. I now renew my motion
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope we shall go on
with this bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is this question de-
batable ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) It is not debatable.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator from
Massachusetts will withdraw his motion for a
moment I will make a proposition.
Mr. SUMNER. I withdraw it for that pur-
pose.
Mr. HENDRICKS. We expect, as far as
the minority here are concerned, to have a
reasonable hearing upon this question. We
expect that not as a matter of favor from the
Senate, but as a matter of right and as becom-
ing the dignity of the body itself. But we do
not wish to protract debate unreasonably;
there is no such purpose. We know very well
that there is no importance in hurrying this
bill through. We know that there is no law
enacted by the majority here which is in danger
in the Supreme Court, and that this bill could
lie, without any danger to any political party or
to the country, for three months. The Supreme
Court is to conclude the arguments before it
on Tuesday next; no new case can then come
in to be considered; but, although we know
that, we are perfectly willing, as far as I am
aware of the judgment of the minority, to come
to a vote at a reasonable hour. Senators can
see something like what is just about the time
to be allowed for this debate from what has
already occurred.
It is not just for three or four or five of us
on this side or for a dozen Senators on this
side to consume all the time. Of the hour that
has been already consumed on this subject
three fourths of it has been consumed on the
side of the majority. We do not wish to take
three or four hours and say that that is suffi-
cient. It is not sufficient. It is not right.
Now, I am willing to say that we shall come to
a vote on the day after to-morrow ; I under-
stand all the gentlemen on this side are willing
to say that; and if we are not allowed any
reasonable portion of the time for debate we
shall suffer by it if there is any suffering on
the subject. We are willing to say that the
vote shall be taken at a reasonable hour on the
day after to-morrow, at four o'clock, for ex-
ample, or, if we can get through with the fair
debate to-morrow, we are perfectly willing to
come to a vote to-morrow; we have no desire
to postpone it. Now, if Senators are satisfied
to agree to that—and I think it is a fuir propo-
sition—let it be so. . r
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to interfere
with any understanding about this matter ; out
