40
SUPPLEMENT TO
•we should gather from all this that it dwelt in |
the miud of the President of the United States j
that the only reason why he was not a Judas
was that he had not been able to find a Christ
toward whom to play the Judas.
It will appear that this bit of' 'opinion,'' given
in pursuance of his constitutional obligation,
was received with cheers and hisses. Whether
the cheers were that certain patriotic persons
named by him might be hanged, or the hissing
was because of the inability of the President to
play the part of Judas for the reason before
stated, I am sorry to say the evidence will not
inform us.
His answer makes the President say that it
is his " duty to express opinions concerning
the public characters, and the conduct, views,
purposes, objects, motives, and tendencies of
all men engaged in the public service."*
Now, as "thecharacter, motives, tendencies,
purposes, objects, and views" of Judas alone
had •' opinions expressed" about them on this
"fit occasion," (although he seemed to desire
to have some others, whose names he men-
tioned, hanged,) I shall leave his counsel to
inform you what were the public services of
Judas Iscariot, to say nothing of Moses, which
it was the constitutional duty and right of the
President of the United States to discuss on
this particularly fit occasion.
But I will not pursue this revolting exhibi-
tion any further.
I will only show you £it Cleveland the crowd
and the President of the United States, in the
darkness of night, bandying epithets with each
other, crying, "Mind your dignity, Andy;"
"Don't got mad, Andy;" "Bully for you,
Andy." 1 hardly dare shock, as 1 must, every
sense of propriety by calling your attention to
the President's allusion to the death of the
sainted martyr, Lincoln, as the means by which
he attained his office, and if it can bejustified in
any man, public or private, 1 am entirely mis-
taken in the commonest proprieties of life.
The President shall tell his own story:
" There was, two years ago, a ticket before you for
the Presidency. X was placed upon that ticket with
a distinguished citiaeii now no more. [Voices, 'Its
a pity;' 'Too bud;' ' Unfortunate.'J Yes, i know
there are sumo who say 'unfortunate.' Yes, unfor-
tunate tor somo that God rules on high find deals in
justice. [Cheers.J Yes, unfortunate. The ways of
Providence «ro mysterious and incomprehensible,
controlling all who exclaim 'unfortunate.'"
Is it wonderful at all that such a speech,
which seems to have been unprovoked and
coolly uttered, should have elicited the single
response from the crowd, "Bully for you?"
I go no further. 1 might follow this ad nau-
seam. I grant the President of the United
States further upon this disgraceful scene the
mercy of my silence. Tell me now, who can
read the accounts of this exhibition, and reilect
that the result of our institutions of government
hasbeeu to place such a man, so lostto decency
and propriety of conduct^ so unlit, in the high
office of ruler of this nation, without blushing
and hanging his head in shame as the finger of
scorn and contempt for republican democracy
is pointed at liim by some advocate of monarchy
in the Old World. What answer have you when
an intelligent foreigner says, "Look! see! this
is the culmination of the ballot unrestrained in
the hands of a free people, in a country where
any man may aspire to the office of President.
Is not our Government of a hereditary king or
emperor a better one, where at least our sov-
ereign is born a gentleman, than to have such
a thiruj as this for a ruler?"
Yes. we have an answer. We can say this
mail was not the choice of the people for the
President of the United States. He was thrown
to the surface by the whirlpool of civil war, and
carelessly, we grant, elected to the second place i
in the Government, without thought that he
might over fill the first.
By murder most foul he succeeded to the
Presidency, and is the elect of an assassin to
that high office, and not of the people. "It
was a grievous fault, and grievously have we ■
answered it;" but let me tell you, 0 advocate j
of monarchy ! that our frame of government |
gives us a remedyfor such a misfortune, which i
yours, with its divine right of kings, does not.
We can remove him—as we are about to do—
from the office he has disgraced by the sure,
safe, and constitutional method of impeach-
ment; while your king, if he becomes a buf-
foon, or a jester, or a tyrant, can only be
displaced through revolution, bloodshed, and
civil war.
This, this, 0 monarchist! is the crowning
glory of our institutions, because of which, if
for no other reason, our form of government
claims precedence over all other governments
of the earth.
Article eleven charges that the President,
having denied in a public speech on the 18th of
August, 1866, at Washington, that the Thirty-
Ninth Congress was authorized to exercise
legislative power, and denying that the legis-
lation of said Congress was valid or obligatory
upon him, or that it had power to propose cer-
tain amendments to the Constitution, did at-
tempt to prevent the execution of the act enti-
tled "An act regulating the tenure of certain
civil offices," by unlawfully attempting to de-
vise means by which to prevent Mr. Stanton
from resuming the functions of the office of
Secretary of the Department of War, notwith-
standing the refusal of the Senate to concur in
his suspension, and that he also contrived
means to prevent the execution of an act of
March 2, 1807, which provides that all mili-
tary orders shall be issued through the General
of the Army of the United States, and also
another act of the same 2d of March* com-
monly known as the reconstruction act.
To sustain this charge proof will be given
of his denial of the authority of Congress as
charged ; also his letter to the General of the
Army, in which he admits that he endeavored
to prevail on him by promises of pardon and
indemnity to disobey the requirements of the
tenure-of-oifice act, and to hold the office of
Secretary of War against Mr. Stanton after he
had been reinstated by the Senate; that he
eluded the General for not acceding to his re-
quest, and declared that had he known that he
(Grant) would not have acceded to his wishes
he would have taken other means to prevent
Mr. Stanton from resuming his office; his ad-
mission in his answer that his purpose was from
the first suspension of Mr. Stanton, August
12, 1807, to oust him from his office, notwith-
standing the decision of the Senate under the
act; his order to General Grant to refuse to
x'eeognize any order of Mr. Stanton purpoitiug
to come from himself after he was so reinstated,
and his order to General Thomas as an officer
of the Army of the United States to take pos-
session o^the War Office, not transmitted, as
it should have been, through the General of the
Army, and the declarations of General Thomas
that as an officer of the Army of the United
States he felt bound to obey the orders of the
Commander-in-Chief.
To prove further the purpose aud intent with
which his declarations were made, and his
denial of the power of Congress to propose
amendments to the Constitution, and as one
of the means employed by him to prevent the
execution of the acts of Congress, we shall
show he has opposed and hindered the pacifi-
cation of the country and the return of the
insurrectionary States to the Union, and has
advised the Legislature of the State of Ala-
bama not to adopt the constitutional amend-
ment known as the fourteenth article, when
appealed to to know if itwas best for the Legis-
lature so to do; and this, too, after that amend-
ment had been adopted by a majority of the
loyal State Legislatures, and after, in the elec-
tion of 18(56, it had been sustained by an over-
whelming majority of the loyal people of the
United States. 1 do not propose to comment
fui ther on this article, because, if the Senate
shall have decided that all the acts charged in
the preceding articles are justified by law, then
so large a part of the intent and purposes with
which the respondent is charged in this article
would fail of proof that it would be difficult to
say whether he might not, with equal impu-
nity, violate the laws known as the reconstruc-
tion acts, which, in his message, he declares
"as plainly unconstitutional as any that can
be imagined." If that be so, why should he
not violate them ? If, therefore, the judgment
of the Senate shall sustain us upon the other
articles, we shall take judgment upon this by
confession, as the respondent declares in the
same message that he does not intend to exe-
cute them.
To the bar of this high tribunal, invested
with all its great power and duties, the House
of Representatives has brought the President
of the United States by the most solemn form
of accusation, charging him with high crimes
and misdemeanors in office, as set forth in the
several articles which I have thus feebly pre-
sented to your attention. Now, it seems neces-
sary that I should briefly touch upon and bring
freshly to your remembrance the history of
some of the events of his administration of
affairs in his high office, in order that the intents
with which and the purposes for which the
respondent committed the acts alleged against
him may be fully understood.
Upon the first reading of the articles of im-
peachment the question might have arisen in
the mind of some Senator, Why are these acts
of the President only presented by the House
when history informs us that others equally
dangerous to the liberties of the people, if not
more so, and others of equal usurpation of
powers, if not greater, are passed by in silence ?
To such possible inquiry we reply : that the
acts set out in the first eight articles are but
the culmination of a series of wrongs, malfeas-
ances, and usurpations committed by the re-
spondent, and .therefore need to be examined
in the light of his precedent and concomitant
acts to grasp their scope and design. The last
three articles presented show the perversity
and malignity with which he acted, so that the
man as he is known to us may be clearly spread
upon record to be seen and known of all men
hereafter.
What has been the respondent's course of
administration ? h'or the evidence we rely
upon common fame and current history as suf-
ficient proof. By the common law common
fame, " si oriatur apud bonos et graves," was
ground of indictment even ; more than two
hundred and forty years ago it was determined
in Parliament " that common fame is a good
ground for the proceeding of this House, either
to inquire of here or to transmit the complaint,
if the House find cause, to the king pr lords."
Now, is it not well known to all good and
grave men " bonos et graves" that Andrew
Johnson entered the office of President of the
United States at the close of the armed rebel-
lion making loud denunciation, frequently and
everywhere, that traitors ought to be punished
and treason should be made odious; that the
loyal and true men of the South should be fos-
tered and encouraged; and, if there were but
few of them, to such only should be given in
charge the reconstruction of the disorganized
States ?
Do not all men know that soon afterward he
changed his course and only made treason
odious, so far as he was concerned, by appoint-
ing traitors to office and by an indiscriminate
pardon of all who "came in unto him?" Who
does not know that Andrew Johnson initiated,
of his own will, a course of reconstruction of
the rebel States which at the time he claimed
was provisional only, and until the meeting of
Congress and its action thereon? Who does
not know that when Congress met and under-
took to legislate upon the very subject of re-
construction of which he had advised them in
his message, which they alone had the consti-
tutional power to do, Andrew Johnson last
aforesaid again changed his course, and de-
clared that Congress had no power to legislate
upon that subject; that the two Houses had
only the power separately to judge of the quali-
fications of the members who might be sent to
each by rebellious constituencies, acting under
State organizations which Andrew Johnson
had called into existence by his late jiot, the
electors of which were voting by his permis-
