2098
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1 desire to inform the Senate that the House
Ot Kepresentatives have acted upon certain
amendments to what is called the manufactu-
rers bill, and I may have to ask the Senate for
a little time to-morrow in regard to them and
p u ^ sense of the Senate on one or two
?l ! t amendments. It is vitally important
that that bill should be acted upon in its final
stages this week. I am also charged with a
little bill in regard to deposit banks, which I
think will excite no opposition.
r\u^r" 1-' KICKS. Does the Senator from
Jr. ? t"lnli tlle amendments to the tax bill are
likely to excite much debate ? Are they ma-
terial?
Mr. SHERMAN. Not generally; but I think
there is one that is material. There is one
which relates to whisky, and that may con-
sume some time, because that subject always
excites discussion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is suggested by
some of the Senators near me that we are
willing to sit a little later if that bill shall
come up, so that I think there is no doubt
that we shall reach a vote the day alter to-
morrow at four o'clock ; and I shall hope to-
morrow, and I think it probable that we can
reach a vote to-morrow.
Mr. SUMNER. Why not to-morrow have
an evening session?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Oh, no ; that is unne-
cessary.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not know that. The
Senator from Ohio has already indicated two
or three measures that he desired to have con-
sidered.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think it is quite unne-
cessary to take any more time in talking about
an arrangement. So far as I am concerned,
I will not agree to specify the day after to-
morrow at four o'clock for the purpose of
taking this vote. If the Senators cai get
through with the discussion of that question
to-morrow I shall not object to allowing to-
morrow.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will say, with all
kindness to the Senator from Oregon, that it
is not my opinion that he will facilitate the
passage ot' this bill by his refusal to accept
terms that everybody knows are reasonable
and fair.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Very well, sir; you can
take your own course about that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir; and you can
take your course.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I propose to do that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Here is a bill that was
gotten through the Senate in a mode that 1
hope never to see repeated in the Senate
again, whatever party is in power, without an
opportunity to debate the measure not ex-
plained, though it is, as we think, very material
in its character; and when we had no oppor-
tunity to discuss it upon its passage, now that it
has received the veto of the President we ask
a reasonable time to be heard. Wo ask only
a reasonable time to be heard, and the Senator
is not willing that we should have it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If there is no limitation
put upon debate in the Senate by agreement
1 ask the honorable Senator from Indiana if
he has not an opportunity to discuss the bill.
What I say is that I do not propose to agree
to the limitation upon debate which he pro-
poses. Now, of course, if I do not agree to his
proposition, he has all the time that anybody
can possibly ask in which to discuss the bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That has the appear-
ance ofliberality without being liberal. What
is the Senator's proposition? That we shall
go on to-night with the debate; right now,
when he knows that this bill has never been
printed. We have never had an opportunity
to read it until it came back with the Presi-
dent's veto. It passed here without being
printed, and was not printed after it passed. 1
say that I have never read the bill until it came
back with the President's veto. Now, for the
Senator to say that we can go on with the dis-
cussion is a proposition that has no liberality
in it, in my judgment.
March 25,
Why?
Another subject is up.
I shall have no objection
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Sen-
ate ready for the question on the motion of the
Senator from Maryland, to postpone the further
consideration of the bill until to-morrow?
Mr. JOHNSON called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to know what became
of the motion of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That was
withdrawn, and the question now is on the
motion to postpone.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Luckalew, Davis, Dixon,
Doolittle, Kowler, Grimes, Hendricks, Johnson,
MeCreery, Norton, Patterson of Tennessee, Sauls-
bury, Vickevs, and Willoy—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Chandler, Cole.
Conkhng, Conncss, Corbett, Edmunds,Ferry,Fessen-
den, Ficlinghuyscm, Harlan, Henderson, Ilowaid,
Howe, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Nye. Patterson of New Hampshire, Pomoroy,
Ramsey, lloss, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer,
Tipton, Trumbull, Van Winkio, and Williams—31.
ABSLXT—Messrs. Anthony, Cragin, Drake, Mor-
ton, bpraguc, Wade, Wilson, and l'atc&—8.
So the motion to postpone was not agreed to.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is, Shall the bill pass, the objections of the
President of the United States to trie contrary
notwithstanding.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move that the veto
message be printed for the use of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
can be 'entertained if there be no objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I insist on the motion.
Surely one objection does not carry over a
motion to piint the message.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The motion is not in
order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE.
Mr. 'TRUMBULL.
Mr. EDMUNDS.
afterward.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
of the Senator from Wisconsin is not in order
because another motion is pending.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. What motion?
I he PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
that the bill pass, notwithstanding the objec-
tions of the President.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move, then, that the
question be, for the moment, laid aside, so
that the message can be printed. I suppose
the discussion will go on to morrow, anil it
ought not to go on until we have the message
printed upon our tables. I propose to lay it
aside for the moment until wo decide to have
the message printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Wisconsin moves that the pending and
all prior orders be postponed for the purpose
of proceeding to the consideration of the motion
made by him.
The question being put, the motion was de-
clared to be not agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I must ask for the yeas
and nays on that question. Surely the message
ought to be printed for our use.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. There will be no objection
to printing it to-morrow.
Mr. ANTHONY. What is the question?
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Wis-
consin, to postpone all prior orders and pro-
ceed to the consideration of the motion made
bv him to print the message.
"Mr. ANTHONY. There is no objection to
that, I suppose.
Mr. SUMNER. The order to print can be
made by unanimous consent. There is no
need of taking time with that question.
Mr. HENDERSON. I rise to make an in-
quiry. Is it necessary, under circumstances such
as exist now, to postpone the consideration of
the bill and all other pending measures in
order to print the message? I thought the
message was before the body now. It is hardly
worth while to suspend the consideration of the
bill in order to receive a motion to print the
message.
Mr. ANTHONY. But the printing of the
message was objected to, and of course the
Chair was then obliged to entertain the motion.
I think, if the Senate understands the question,
nobody will object to printing the message.
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly not.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. All I asked for was
that we have an order to print the message.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
asked if there was unanimous consent to that
order and objection was made, and then a
motion was made to postpone the pending
business to allow the order to print to be re-
ceived.
Mr. HOWE. Does it make any difference
to my colleague or any one else whether the
order to print is made now or half an hour
later ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not suppose the
bill will be disposed of in half an hour.
Mr. HOWE. Does it make any difference
whether the order to print is made now or
hereafter?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask for an order to
print. I do not ask that the consideration of
the measure be postponed now. All I ask at
present is an order to print, so that we can have
a copy of the message on our tables. I should
like to see it.
Several Senators. There is no objection
to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection, the motion made by the Senator
from Wisconsin will be entertained. The Chair
bears 110 objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know
what will be the effect of an order to print?
Will it take the matter from the Senate? We
do not want to send the bill away.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of opinion that it does not take the bill from
the Senate.
Mr. 'TRUMBULL. There is no objection
to an order to print the message.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to print the bill
with the message. I should liketosee it. The
bill has never been printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be printed with the message without a motion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is satisfactory.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Isth< ire any
objection to entertaining the motion made by
the Senator from Wisconsin? The Chair hears
no objection. The question is, Shall the order
to print this message be entered? The Chair
hears no objection, and the order will be en-
tered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The bill and message
together? [''Certainly."]
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the passage of the bill, the ob-
jections of the President to the contrary not-
withstanding. Is the Senate ready for that
question. [■' Question : question."] The ques-
tion must be taken by yeas and nays.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the question?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the passage of the bill, the objections of'the
President to the contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I am in
no condition to discuss the question which the
measure before us involves. I understood the
honorable Senator from Oregon and tho^e who
agree with him on the other side ot' the Cham-
ber as being willing that the subject should be
postponed until to-morrow if there was an
understanding that the vote should be taken
to-morrow at five or six o'clock. I make the
motion now to postpone it, subject to tiuu
understanding.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have no objection to
that if the vote can be taken to-morrow.
Several Senators. At what hour?
Mr. WILLIAMS. At any time to-morrow
before twelve o'clock at night. J am willing
to postpone the consideration of this bill until
to-raorrow.
Mr. JOHNSON. Very well; that is fair;
though I would rather have it the next day.
