1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3123
It is never known, in any place I ever heard
of, that those receiving the votes exercise any
such power.
Mr. HOWE. If there was a law protecting
the freedom of election to that extent, then
this act was a violation of that law; but if there
was none, I take it it would be interfering with
the freedom of the action of the commissioners
to prohibit them from doing it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can only say that in
my own State and all other States that I ever
heard of, where there was a registry of votes
made out by a certain class of officers ap-
pointed for that special purpose, their list is
conclusive and the votes of those persons are
to be received; and the power which those
who receive the votes, the commissioners of
election, have, is simply to receive the votes
of those persons and to see that no other per-
sons than those on the list vote. They have
no power whatever except to receive and
count and return the votes.
Mr. RAMSEY. Allow me to suggest that
in some of the western States the officers of
election number the tickets as they are put
into the box, and put the same number upon
the name of the vote on the check list.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If that is so provided
for by law, it can be done.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is by law.
Mr. HOWE. I take it there are no election
laws anywhere in any State framed for the
purpose of preventing an investigation as to
the actual result, the true result of any elec-
tion. That is always, under the election codes
of all States that I know anything about, a
subject for investigation, and some tribunal is
authorized to go behind the returns and ascer-
tain the fact.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The law here says the
board of aldermen and board of conimon
council shall do it.
Mr. HOWE. As the law now stands in
reference to the election of aldermen, the tri-
bunal is the board of aldermen; and in refer-
ence to the election of common councilmen, it
is the board of common council, as I under-
stand. That is the tribunal. Now, here is a
bill to give an appellate jurisdiction, an appeal
from the decision of those boards, and, 1 take
it, it is competent for the national Legislature
to provide such an appeal; but wherever that
tribunal is, it has this power of determining,
if the evidence exists anywhere, no matter
what you may say about the freedom of elec-
tion, how every man voted. That evidence is
not always attainable, but in almost all elections
it is attainable, and perhaps in all it is. Cer-
tainly it is in a city of this kind, for you may
put over every single voter whose name is on
the check-list upon the stand and make him
swear how he voted. But if the ballot be
marked so that the commissioners of election
can determine by a number on it or a mark on
it whether that ballot was thrown by Mr. Brown
or Mr. Jones, then the commissioners of elec-
tion, when they open the ballot and see whom
it is given for, will know just as well whom Mr.
Brown and Mr. Jones voted for as they did
themselves, and they can make that proof
which, independent of this mark, Mr. Brown
and Mr. Jones would have to do before the
tribunal. So that I see nothing in this bill or
nothing in the conduct of the commissioners
of election which interferes with the freedom
of election, as we understand it. There is no
freedom of elections which sanctions the vote
of a man whom the law prohibits from voting,
and there should be none to that extent. All
there is in this bill, it seems to me, that is
anomalous at all, is the fact that it provides an
appeal from an'adjudication which, prior to
the passage of this bill, was conclusive. I do
not think there was anything very wrong in
that. „
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Wis-
consin has evidently mistaken this bill, i he
first section of this bill provides that the
register's certificate in the existing case, m
this case by a law passed after the fact, shall
be conclusive as to the prima facie right. That
is the provision. There is no fault found with
the provision in the fourth section that there
may be an appeal to the courts.
N ow, let us look at the operation of it. I am
not saying that it may not be all right enough :
but I wantto get at the exact facta. Here these
commissioners of election, whose duty is simply
to receive the votes of those whose names are
on the list, undertake to check the votes of
certain persons, and to ascertain how they
voted. When they make their return, and their
only business according to law is to return
the actual number of votes thrown, instead of
doing that, they assume to be judges, to a cer-
tain extent, of the election, and they mark a
certain number of ballots and return that a
certain number of ballots thus marked were
thrown by soldiers; and then the register,
instead of taking the whole return which gives
th e prima facie right to seats to one set of men,
undertakes to throw out the ballots thus marked
and thus give the prima fade right to seats to
another set of men, and issues his notices
accordingly. That is the fact about it, and
this legislation proposes to make that decision
of the register conclusiveas to th & prima facie
right to the seats, thus taking perhaps the
organization of the boards out of the hands of
one set of men, and putting it into the hands
of another set of men. That is the effect.
Now, the Senator says there is nothing wrong
in marking these votes, and there is no law
against it. Is there not? I thought the idea
of the ballot was that every man should vote
independently, and secretly if he chose to do
so, and not have anybody know how he voted.
I have always understood that to be the doc-
trine of the ballot. Why not vote viva voce?
Because then every one knows how every man
votes. The idea of the ballot is that a man
may vote without having it known, unless he
chooses to have it known by showing his bal-
lot for whom he votes; that he shall not be
subjected to other influences. If you may mark
the soldier's vote, you may mark my vote if I
am a resident in the ward and have been there
twenty years, you may mark the vote of every
man, no matter who he is whose name is borne
on the check list, and you may thus publish
to the world, what the voters may not choose
to have known, how every man voted in the
election. I say that course of proceeding is a
palpable violation of the whole doctrine and
idea of the vote by ballot, which is that a man
may vote freely and have nobody to overlook
him.
The Senator says that possibly men may
have voted who had not the right to vote.
There is a remedy for that. The board of
aldermen, who are to decide this question
when it comes before them, on looking over
the list, if a remonstrance is made, or if a
remonstrance is not made of their own motion,
may find certain names which they have rea-
son to believe are not the names of legal voters,
persons who did not come within the law, and
ought not to have been allowed to vote. They
have the power, in that case, to call those voters
before them, or to take any other evidence
that may exist, and find out, if they can, how
those men voted, and thus purge the list so as
to get rid of all illegal votes. That is the way
in which it is done, and the way in which it
ought to be done ; and the idea that a man
simply appointed to receive votes, and receive
votes'that are on the check list given him by
proper authority, saying, "Sir, yon will receive
the votes of these men and no others,"-has a
right to mark the ballot of any man when it is
thrown, and then to open it and return it as
questionable, is a new idea to me with regard
to proceedings of this kind. I say again, if
that doctrine is to prevail you destroy the
secrecy of the ballot. You do not help it by
saying that the commissioners think that cer-
tain men may be illegal voters, may not have
a right to vote. That is a matter with which
they have no concern. If they can mark the
vote of one man the}' may mark the vote of
every man, and the result is that the ballot
amounts to nothing but a viva voce vote.
Sir, I do not hold to any such doctrine as
that. I do not, know but that I may vote for
the section under the circumstances; I may
or I may not; but I am simply wanting to get
out the facts so that the Senate shall under-
stand them and the principle upon which this
bill is founded.
_ Mr. CORBETT. My idea of judges of elec-
tion is that they are appointed to inspect the
votes as they are offered ; that they are to judge
who have the right to vote under the law; and
if they are in doubt as to the right of any indi-
vidual, the judges being usually composed of
half of each of the opposing parties—half Dem-
ocrats and half Republicans 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will allow
me to toll him that in regard to these parties,
they are not judges; they are merely minis-
terial officers to receive the votes., The judges
of who shall vote are the men who make out
the list originally of the voters. When they
make that list they judge who shall he put
upon it. These commissioners of election are
nothing but ministerial officers to receive the
votes of men whose names are on the check
list, and no more. They have no power to
judge at all.
Mr. CORBETT. They are chosen, I think,
from the two political parties, as a usual thing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That depends upon the
law in each particular place. How it is in this
place I do not know ; it may be so in some
places.
Mr. CORBETT. I do not know exactly
how it is here, and that is what I wish to
understand. I know it is so in our city—the
judges receive the votes of those who they
agree are entitled to vote ; and if they are in
doubt as to the right of a person who offers to
vote they check the vote and check his name,
so that if afterward on examination they find
that the man is not entitled to vote they may
exclude his ballot; if he has a right to vote,
they count it. I do not see why that might
not be done here by agreement between these
judges.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The honorable Senator
from Oregon will allow me to suggest to him
that itis barely possible that the law of Oregon
does not prevail everywhere else.
Mr. CORBETT. That, is true.
Mr. FESSENDEN. His argument applies
to this case if that law prevails here, and if it
does not it does not apply.
Mr. CORBETT. 1 should like to have the _
law stated with regard to the manner in which
these votes are cast, if the Senator from Maine
can inform me.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know. The
Senator from Iowa can probably give the inform-
ation.
Mr. HARLAN. My attention was absorbed
with another matter at the moment, and I did
not hear the Senator's inquiry.
Mr. CORBEl'T. I should like to know
whether these judges or commissioners are to
judge as to therightof individuals to vote when
these votes are offered, whether they have any
right to judge at all under the law of the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. HARLAN. That is a disputed question.
At the election one year since, the judges
excluded certain colored men from voting, and
the Republicans at that time held that they did
it illegally ; that they were wrongfully excluded,
although the judges maintained that they were
not residents of the District. The question, as
far as I know, has never been settled whether
they have a right to exclude a man whom they
know to be an illegal voter or not. But I will
read the oath which, I understand, the officers
take previously to entering upon the discharge
of their duties as commissioners:
" The said commissioners shall, before they receive
any ballot, severally take an oath or affirmation, to
be administered by some justice of the peace for tao
county of Washington,' truly and faithfully to reoeire
and return the votes of such persons as are by law,
entitled to vote for members of tbo boaid of alder-
mon and board of common council in their rrapecove
wards, according to the best ot their Jndemont
understanding; and not knomngly to recew or
return the vote of any person who is not togauy
