THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41
sion and under his limitations? Who does not
know that when Congress, assuming its right-
ful power to propose amendments to the Con-
stitution, had passed suuh an amendment, and
had submitted it to the States as a measure
of pacification, Andrew Johnson advised and
counseled the Legislatures of the States lately
in rebellion, as well as others, to reject the
amendment, so that it might not operate as a
law, and thus establish equality of suffrage in
all the States and equality of right in the mem-
bers of the Electoral College and in the num-
ber of the Representatives to the Congress of
the United States I
Lest any one should doubt the correctness
of this piece of history or the truth of this com-
mon fame we shall show you that while the
Legislature of Alabama was deliberating upon
the reconsideration of the vote whereby it had
rejected the constitutional amendment, the fact
being brought to the knowledge of Andrew
Johnson and his advice asked, he, by a tele-
graphic message under his own hand, here to
be produced, to show his intent and purposes,
advised the Legislature against passing the
amendment, and to remain firm in their oppo-
sition to Congress. We shall show like advice
of Andrew Johnson, upon the same subject, to
the Legislature of South Carolina, and this,
too, in the winter of 18G7, after the action of
Congress in proposing the constitutional amend-
ment had been sustained in the previous elec-
tion by an overwhelming majority. Thus we
charge that Andrew Johuson, President of the
United States, not only endeavors'to thwart
the constitutional action of Congress and bring
it to naught, but also to hinder and oppose the
execution of the will of the loyal people of the
United States expressed, in the only mode by
which it can be done, through the ballot-box, in
the election of their Representatives. Who does
not know that from the hour he began these
his usurpations of power he everywhere de-
nounced Congress, the legality and constitu-
tionality of its action, and defied its legitimate
powers, and, for that purpose, announced his
intentions and carried out his purpose, as far
as he was able, of removing every true man
from office who sustained the Congress of the
United States? And it is to carry out this
plan of action that he claims the unlimited
power of removal, for the illegal exercise of
which he stands before you this day. Who
does not know that, in pursuance of the same
plan, he used his veto power indiscriminately
to prevent ihe passage of wholesome laws en-
acted for the pacification of the country ; and
when laws were passed by the constitutional
majority over his vetoes he made the most
determined opposition, both open and covert,
to them, and, for the purpose of making that
opposition effectual, he endeavored to array
and did array all the people lately in rebellion
to set themselves against Congress and against
the true and loyal men, their neighbors, so that
murders, assassinations, and massacres were
rife all over the southern States, which he en-
couraged by his refusal to consent that a single
murderer be punished, though thousands of
good men have been slain ; and, further, that
he attempted by military orders to prevent the
execution of acts of Congress by the military
commanders who were charged therewith.
These and his concurrent acts show conclu-
sively that his attempt, to get the control of the
military force of the Government, by the seiz-
ing of the Department of War, was done in
pursuance of his general design, ifit were pos-
sible, to overthrow the Congress of the United
States : and he now claims by his answer the
right, to control at his own will, for the execu-
tion of this very design, every officer of the
Army, Navy, civil, and diplomatic service of
the United States. He asks you here, Senators,
by your solemn adjudication, to confirm him
in that right, to invest him with that power, to
be used with the intents and for tije purposes
which he has already shown.
The responsibility is with you; the safeguards
of the Constitution against usurpation are in
your hands; the interests and hopes of free
institutions wait upon your verdict. The House
of Representatives has done its duty. We
have presented the facts in the constitutional
manner; we have brought the criminal to your
bar, and demand judgment at your "hands for
his so great crimes.
Never again, if Andrew Johnson go quit and
free this day, can the people of this or any
other country by constitutional checks or _
stay the usurpations of executive power.
1 speak, therefore, not the language of exag-
geration, but the words of truth and soberness,
that the future political welfare and liberties
of all men hang trembling on the decision of
the hour.
A Brief of the Authorities upon the Law
of Impeachable Crimes and Misdemeanors,
prepared by Hon, Wili.i.vm Lawkence, M. C.,
of Ohio; revised and presented by B. F.
Butler, o/ Massachusetts, one of the Man-
agers, as a part of his opening argument on
the Impeachment of the President.
In order to ascertain the impeachable char-
acter of an act done or omitted reference must
be had to the Constitution, expounded as it is
by history, by parliamentary and common law.
The provisions of the Constitution which
relate to or illustrate the law of impeachment
are these:
"The House of Representatives shall ehooso their
Speaker ami othov officers, and shall have the sole
power of impeachment." (Art. 1, sec. 2.)
"The Senate shall have the sole power to try all
impeachment?. When sitting for that purpose thoy
shall he on oath or affirmation. When the President
of the United States is tried the Chief Justice shall
preside; and no person shall be convicted without
the concurrence of two thirds of the members present.
"Judgment in eases of impeachment shall not
extend further than to removal from oflicc, and dis-
qualification to hold and enioy any office of honor,
trust,, or profit under the United States; but the
party convicted shall nevertheless be liable and sub-
ject to indictment, trial, judgment, and punishment,
according to law." (Art. 1, sec. 3.)
"In case of the removal of the President from
office, or of his death, resignation, or inability to dis-
ohaigc the powers ajad duties of the said oilice, the
same shall devolve on the Vice President, and the
Congress may by law provide forthocascof removal,
death, resignation, or inability, both of the Presi-
dent and Vice President, declaring what officer shall
then act as President, and such officer shall act
accordingly, until the disability be removed or a
President shall be elected." (Art. 2, sec 1.)
" Tho Presieent, shall be Commander-in-Chief of
the Army and Navy of the United States, and of
the militia of the several States when called into tlie
actual service of the United States; he may require
tlie opinion, in writinc, of the principal offiecr in
each of the Executive Departments, upon any subject
relating to the duties of their reaped ivc offices : and
he .shall have power to grant reprieves and pardons
for oflenses against the United States, except in cases
ol impeachment." (Art. 2, see. 2.~)
" The Pi evident, Vice President, and all civil offi-
cers of the United States shall be removed from office
on impeachment for, and conviction ot. treason,
bribery, or other high ciimes and misdemeanors."
(Arf\ 2, sec. 4.)
"The trial of all crimes, except in cases of im-
peachment, shall be by jury; and such trial shall
be held in the State where the said crimes shall have
been committed; but when notcommitted within any
State the trial shall bo at such place or places as the
Congress may by law have directed." (Art. 3, sec. 2.)
The convention which framed the Constitu-
tion oil tbe subject of impeachment4'proceeded
in the same manner it is manifest they did in
many other cases ; they considered the object
of their legislation as a known thing, having a
previous definite existence. Thus existing,
their work was solely to mold it into a suit-
able shape. They have ghren it to us, not as
a thing of their creation, but merely of their
'modification/1 f
The clauses of the Constitution which declare
that a party impeached ahall be "liable to indict-
ment;" that "the trial of all crimcs, except in cases
of impeachment, shall be by jury;" that the Presi-
dent shall have power to grant "pardons for offenses
against the United States, exceptin eases ot impeach-
inept," are all either parts of or modifications of the
British constitution; they recognize statutory and
common law ci irucs as a portion, but not all, of the
impeachable offenses here as they were and are in
' England.
tBayard on Blount's Trial, 264; and he added:
"And therefore I shall insist that it remains as at
cominou law, [parliamentary,] with the variance only
of the positive provisions of the Constitution."
(Wharton's State Trials, 201; Rawle on Constitution,
200.) •
" The Constitution" * * * refers
In England a majority of the lords impeach^
though, by common* law, twelve peers must be
present and concur.*' Here the ooncurrence
of two thirds of the members [of the Senate]
present is requisite.
In England the character .and extent of'the
punishment are in the discretion of thejlords.
Here it cannot extend further than to removal
from and disqualification to hold office.
In England " all the king's subjects are ^
peachable in Parliament."-)- Here, according'
to the received construction, ''none are liable
to impeaehment except officers- of the Govern-
ment.":!:
In England the lords are not sworn in try-
ing an impeachment, but give their decision
upon their honor. Here Senators act under
the solemn sanction of an oath or affirmation.
In England the crown is not impeachable.
Here the President is.
In England, impeachment may, to some ex-
tent, be regarded as a mode of trial designed,
inter alia, to punish crimc, though not en-
tirely so, since a judgment 5n an impeach-
ment is no answer to-an indictment in the
king's bench.)| Here impeachment is only
designed to remove unfit persons from office;
and the party convicted is subject to indict-
ment, trial, and punishment in the proper
courts.
It is absurd to say that impeachment is here
a mode of procedure for the punishment of
crime,% when the Constitution declares its
object to be removal from and disqualification
to hold office, and that "the party convicted
shall nevertheless be liable and subject to
indictment, trial, judgment, and punishment,
according to law/' for his " crimes
Subject to these modifications, and adopt-
ing the recognized rule, that the Constitution
should be construed so as to be equal to every
to" u impeachment without
defining it. It assumes the existence " * * *
H "and silently points us to English precedents
for knowledge of details. We are reminded of the
statement" * * * "that4 the Consti-
tution is an instrument of enumeration and not of
definition.'" (Professor Dwight, 6 Am. Law Reg,, N.
S., 257.)
* 5 Comyn's Digest, ,S08, Parliament L.
f 2 Wooddeson's Lectures, 602.
1 In Chase's Trial Mr. Rodney "utterly disclaimed
tho idea that" any but ojicers wcreliabletoiropeach-
ment.
Wharton says, in reference to Blount's trial: In
a legal point of view all that this case decides is that
a Senator of tho United States who has been expelled
from his seat is not, after such expulsion, subjcct to
impeachment, and peihaps from this tho broader
proposition may be drawn that none are liable to
impeachment except officers of the Government, in
the technical sense, excluding thereby members of
thenational Legislature. Afterward, from the expul-
sion of Mr. Smith, a Senator from Ohio, for connec-
tion with Burr's conspiracy, instead of his impeach-
ment, the same implication arises." (Wharton's
State Trials, 317, note.)
In this case Mr. Bayard maintained " that all per-
sons" * * * * "are liable to impeach-
ment;" that the Constitution does not definothe
cases or describe the persons designed as the objects
of impeachment. "We are designedly left to tho
regulations of the common [parliamentary] law."
This view is confirmed by the fact that art, 2, sec. 4, im-
peratively requires "removal from office" in case of
the President, Vice President, and officers, while
art. 1, sec. 3, seems to admit of less punishment than
this, and which must, therefore, apply to persons
other than officers. (See Wickliife's argument, Peck's
Trial, 309.) The constitution of New York of 1777 is
said to have been the model from which the impeach-
ment clauses of the Constitution of the United States
were copied. (.6 Am. Law Ileg., N. S., 277.) That
of New York limits impeachments to officers in term«;
that of the United States does not. There may be
agents and others for whom impeachments would be
salutary.
In England military and naval officers are im-
peachable. If a military or naval officer hero should
conspire with the President to overthrow Congress
I the impeachment of both would be a accessary pro-
| tection, which it may bo doubted if tho Constitution
■ intended to surrender. In such case a court-martial
could not, against the President's will, remove from
ofhee; impeachmentalonowouldbeeffeetual. (Whar-
ton's State Trials, 290.)
SIPitzharris's Case, 6 Am. Law Reg., K S.  282.
§ " Impeachment is a proceeding purely of a polit-
ical nature. It is not so much designed to punish the
offender as to secure the State. It touches neither
his person-nor his property, but simply diverts him
of his political capacity." (Bayard's Speech on
Blount's Trial; Wharton's State Trials, 263.)
