1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2090
Mr. WILLIAMS. And I will say that it is
only because the impeachment trial is about to
commence that I insist on the vote to-morrow.
Mr. JOHNSON. I make the motion then,
Mr. President, to postpone the bill until to-
morrow. with the understanding that the vote
upon it is to be had to-morrow.
Mr. EDMUNDS. At what hour?
Mr. JOHNSON. Any hour the Senate may
think proper.
• Mr. W1LLIAMS. Any hour before twelve
o'clock.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Say before six o'clock.
Mr. JOHNSON. Say six o'clock to-mor-
row. We often sit until six.
Mr. ANTHONY and others. That is fair.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I agree to that.
Mr. SUMNER. Then let us proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
Several Senators. Settle the other matter
first.
Mr. JOHNSON. I make the motion that
the bill be postponed until to-morrow, subject
to that understanding stated, so far as I am
concerned.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion to postpone.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to add to that
motion, by unanimous consent, " and that the
vote on the passage of the bill, notwithstand-
ing the objections of the President, shall be
taken at or before six o'clock to-morrow."
Mr. GRIMES. 1 object to that being incor-
porated in our record.
Mr. EDMUNDS. All the assurance we now
have is that so far as the Senator from Mary-
land is concerned that result can be reached.
Mr. GRIMES. The understanding has been,
I believe, always that where a gentleman makes
such a statement, and no opposition is made
to it on the part of his political associates, it
is regarded as embodying the opinion of that
portion of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I withdraw my motion
to amend, and now I call attention to the ob-
servation of the Senator from Maryland, that
so far as he is concerned he is willing to take
the vote by that time. I do not doubt at all
that he will observe it; but I wish to under-
stand from the other gentlemen who are op-
posed to this bill whether they so understand,
or from him, whether he speaks for the others Y
Mr. JOHNSON. I have not consulted with
gentlemen, but I suppose they would agree to
the proposition rather than go on with the
debate now. 1 shall certainly, for myself, con-
sider that if there is no objection made to the
understanding on the part of any member of
the Senate, they will be esteemed as agreeing
to it.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, when such aprop-
osition is made to the Senate publicly, and Ido
not express iny dissentpublicly, of course I con-
sider myself bound by it. Ivvould remark, how-
ever, that the proposition that the question shall
be taken upon this bill to-morrow I am willing
to accede to ; but I want it distinctly under-
stood that whatever time we choose to appro-
priate to the discussion of the bill to-morrow,
we shall be at liberty so to appropriate it. If
we are ready to take the questionat two o'clock,
be it so; if not, at four; if not ready then, we
will go on ; but we will take the question some-
time to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion made by the Senator from
Maryland to postpone the further consideration
of this bill until to-morrow.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not know that I
shall object to the proposition of the Senator
from Maryland; but in my judgment it is not a
good precedent for the Senate. Ordinarily
when a proposition to limit debate is made in
this body it is after the debate has progressed
for perhaps one or two days, when we see what
number of Senators desire to express their
views, and know within what probable limits
the discussion can be brought to a close. Now,
without any debate it is proposed to limit the
consideration of this bill to one day. It is
almost, in the Senate, equal to adopting the
"previous question" of the House, and I re-
gret to see it done. A couple of days would
be a fair and liberal opportunity for debate.
I do not know that the debate will occupy
any considerable time; perhaps not. I con-
sider this an unfortunate precedent, but I shall
not object to it now under the circumstances.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Maryland, to postpone the further considera-
tion of the bill until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to. JL
greatiiousk and kelly.
Mr. VAN WINKLE submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 108) for
the relief of Henry Greathousc and Samuel Kelly
having met. after full and free conference, have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to their
respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate agree to the amendment of the
House, with the following amendment, to wit: strike
out the word "five" in the amendment of the House
of Representatives, and in lieu thereof insert the
word '* eight," and that the House agreo to the same
as amended.
P. G. VAN WINKLE,
A. RAMSEY,
JOHN CONNESS.
Managers on the part of the Senate.
J. F.lFAKNSWOItTH,
T. W. FERRY,
■TAMES A. JOHNSON.
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in. ^
executive session. • ^
Mr. SUMNER. I now move that'nie Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 25, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
frauds in printing currency.
Mr. CHANLER. I rise to a privileged
question, and move to reconsider the vote by
which the House referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury in regard to the reg-
ulations for the detection of frauds in theprint-
ing of postal and fractional currency.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. CHANLER. I move that the commu-
nication be referred to the joint Committee on
Retrenchment.
The motion was agreed to.
remains of hon. w. t. coggbsiiall.
Mr. BANKS. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a bill suggested by Mr. Shella-
bargeii, of Ohio, now absent on account of
sickness.
There being no objection,
Mr. BANKS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
967) to provide for the removal of the remains
of Hon. W. T. Coggeshall, late minister of the
United States at Ecuador, to the United States;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
small united states notes.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, I yester-
day endeavored to have the House consider a
resolution proposing not an expansion of the
currency, but an issue ol notes iu a form suit-
able to*meet the wants of the business com-
munity. There is, especially in the West,
(and western members who have paid any at-
tention to the subject will bear me out in the
statement,) a scarcity of the small denomina-
tions, ones and twos, both of the notes of the
national banks and the United States legal-
tender notes. The resolution proposes to re-
quest the Secretary of the Treasury (and he
will comply with the request of the House) to
issue small notes in exchange for larger ones,
and in making payments authorized by law.
We shall thus relieve a very great want of the
country. I ask the House to allow me to offer
that resolution this morning.
The Clerk read as follows :
Whereas there is a scarcity throughout the coun-
try of notes oi a small denomination, both of the
national banks and of the United States legal-tender
notes, especially embarrassing to the people: There-
fore,
Be it resolved by this House, That the Secretary of
the Treasury be, and he is hereby, requested to issuo
an amount of United States notes of the denomina-
tion of ones and twos sufficient to supply the present
deficiency in exchange for United States notes of a
larger denomination, and in making payments au-
thorized by law.
Mr. ALLISON. I object. It may take up
a great deal of time.
Mr. INGERSOLL. It will take up no time.
The SPEAKER. If this is mandatory it
must be a ,joint resolution.
Mr. INGERSOLL. It is a simple request
which the Secretary of the Treasury will heed
when we make it.
Mr. GARFIELD. I must object to the res-
olution unless it is provided that the Secretary
of the Treasury shall cancel the notes in lieu
of which this issuo is proposed to be made.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I agree to that, ootthat
I approve of the cancellation of United States
notes, but because it is the best that I can do
now.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I object if that modifica-
tion be made.
Mr. INGERSOLL. So do I personally, but
I would rather have that than nothing.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to the resolution
with the modification.
Mr. GARFIELD. And I insist on the mod-
ification.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I give notice, then,
that I will offer this resolution when my State
is called.
morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now commenced.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What is
the regular order of business after the morning
hour ?
The SPEAKER. The Pacific railroad tariff
of freight, on which the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Price] is entitled to the floor.
exemption op manufactures from tax.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the amendments of the Senate to House bill
No. 900, reported back yesterday from the
Committee of Ways and Means with amend-
ments.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I rise toaquestion of order,
that this bill, imposing a tax upon the people,
must be first considered in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. I call
attention to the last section of the amend-
ments.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana makes the point of order that the amend-
ments in the last section contains a tax and
must be first considered in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. The
Chair overrules the point of order on the ground
that it is now made too late. It ought to have
been made yesterday when the report was made
and received by the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. This is the first reading of
the bill.
The SPEAKER. Only the Senate amend-
ments are before the House with the amend-
ments of the Committee of Ways and Means.
The gentleman will find that objection to be
valid must bo made at the time the subject is
received.
Mr. HOLMAN. Ilule 185 provides that
"every such proposition shall receive its first
discussion in the Committee of the Whole.'
I These amendments are being read before the
House for the first time.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read from
the Digest, page 15.
The Clerk read as follows :
"This rule is ligidly enforced, so far as relates to
amendments offered in the Houso or in committee,
but it not unfrequently happens that bills are rc-
