42
SUPPLEMENT TO
occasion which, might call for its exercise, and
adequate to accomplish the purposes of its
framers, impeachment remains here as it was
recognized in England at and prior to the
adoption of the Constitution.
These limitations were imposed in view of
the abuses of the power of impeachment in
English history.*
These abases were not guarded against in
our Constitution by limiting, defining, or re-
ducing impeachable crimes, since the same ne-
cessity existed here as in England for the rem-
edy of impeachment, but by other safeguards
thrown around it in that instrument. It will
be observed that the " sole power of impeach-
ment " is conferred on the House, and the sole
power of trial on the Senate by article one,
sections two and three. These are the only
jurisdictional clauses, and they do not limit
impeachment to crimes or misdemeanors. Nor
is it elsewhere so limited. Section four of arti-
cle two only makes it imperative when "the
President, Vice President, and all civil officers'?
are convicted "of treason, bribery, or other
'highf crimes and misdemeanors," that they
shall be removed from office.!
But, so far as the questions now before the
country are concerned, it is not material
whether the words "treason, bribery, or other
high crimes and misdemeanors" confer or limit
jurisdiction, or only prescribe an imperative
punishment as to officers or a class of cases,
since every act which by parliamentary usage
is impeachable is defined a "high crime or
misdemeanorand these are the words of the
British constitution which describe impeach-
able conduct. || There may be cases appropri-
ate for the exercise of the power of impeach-
ment where no crime or misdemeanor has been
committed.
As these words are copied by our Constitu-
tion from the British constitutional and parlia-
*The earliest recorded instance of impeachment
by the Commons at the bar of the IIousc of Loids
was in the reign of Edward HI. (1376.) Before that
time tho Lords appear to have tried both peers and
commoners for great public offenses, but not upon
complaints addressed to them by tho Commons.
Daring tho nextfour reigns cases of regular impeach-
ment were frequent; but no instances occurrcd in
the reigns of Edward IV, Henry VII, Henry VIII,
Edward VI, Queen Mary, and Queen Elizabeth.
" The institution had fallen into disuse," (says Mr.
Ilallam, 1 Const. Ilist., 357,) "partly from tho loss
of that control which the Commons had obtained un-
der liichflrdHaml theLancasteriankings, andpartly
from the preference tho Tudor princes had given to
bills of attainder or of pains and penalties, when
they wished to turn tho arm of Parliament against
an obnoxious subject."
"Prosecutions, also, in tho Star Chamber, during
that, time, wore perpetually reported toby the Crown
for the punishment of State offenders. In the reign
of James I tho practico of impeachment was revived,
and was used with great cneigy by tho Commons,
both as an instrument of popular power and for the
furtherance of public justice*
"Between the year 1620, when Sir Giles Mompes-
son and Lord Baeon were impcached, and the revo-
lution in 1088, there were about forty cases of im-
peachment. In tho reigns of William -HI, Queen
Anne, and George I, there were fifteen; and in tho
reign of George II none but that of Lord Lovat, in
1746, for high treason. Tho lost memorable cases are
those of Warren Hastings in 1788, and Lord Melville
in 1805." (May on Parliament, 49, 50; Ingersoll's
speech on Blount's Trial, What ton's State Trials, 285;
4 Hatsell, passim.)
fTho word "high" applies as well to "misde-
meanors" as to "crimes." (2 Chase's Trial, 383.)
3: On Chase's trial Mr. Rodney so argued; and so
Wickliffe on Peck's trial, 30U. In Blount's trial Mr.
Ingersoll insisted that art. 2, sec. 4, designates " the
extent of the power of impeachment both as to the
otlenses and the persons liable." (Wharton's State
Trials, 289; see p. 99 per Harper.)
I! 4 llatseil's Precedents. 73-76.
By the constitution of the State of Massachusetts
the Senate is "to hear and determine all impeach-
ments made by tho House of Representatives against
any officer or officers of the Commonwealth for mis-
conduct and maladministration in office."
On the trial of Judge Prescott in 1821, Mr. Blake
in defense, referring to the words misconduct and mat-
(Klmlrii/itrotioK, said: " What, then, are the legal im-
port. and signification of these terms? We answer
precisely the same as of crimes and misdemeanors;
that they are in every respect equivalent to the more
familiar terms that are employed by the constitution
of Great Britain in its description of impeachable
offences, subject only to the wholesome limitation
which in this Commonwealth confines this extraordi-
nary method of trial to the official misdemeanors of
public functionaries." (Prcscott's Trial,' 117,118.)
mentary law, they are, so far as applicable to
ourinstitutions and condition, to be interpreted
not by English municipal law, but by the lex
parliamentarian
When, therefore, Blackstonef says that "an
impeachmentbeforethe Lords by the Commons
of Great Britain in Parliament is a prosecution
of the already known and established law, and
has been frequently put in practice," he must
be understood to refer to the "established"
parliamentary, not common municipal law, as
administered in the ordinary courts, for it was
the former that had been frequently put in
practice.
Whatever "crimes and misdemeanors'9 were
"the subjects of impeachment in England prior
to the adoption of our Constitution, and as
understood by its framers, are, therefore, sub-
jects of impeachment before the Senate of the
United States, subject only to the limitations
of the Constitution.
The framers of pur Constitution, looking to
the impeachment trials in England, and to the
writers on parliamentary and common law, and
to the constitutions and usages of our own
States, saw that no act of Parliament or of
any State Legislature ever undertook to define
an impeachable crime. They saw that the
whole system of crimes, as defined in acts of
Parliament and as recognized at common law,
was prescribed for and adapted to the ordinary
courts. (2 Hale, PI. Crown, ch. 20, p. 150 j
6 Howell State Trials, 313, note.)
They saw that the High Court of Impeach-
ment took jurisdiction of cases where no in-
dictable crime had been committed, in many
instances, and there were then, as there yet
are, "two parallel modes of reaching" some,
but not all offenders: one by impeachment,
the other by indictment.
In such cases a party first indicted " may be
impeached afterward, and the latter trial may
proceed notwithstanding the indictment." X
On the other hand, the king's bench held in
Fitzharris1s case that an impeachment was no
answer to an indictment in that court.||
The two systems are in no way connected,
though each may adopt principles applicable
to the other, aud each may shine by the other's
borrowed light.
With these landmarks to guide them, our
fathers adopted a Constitution under which
official malfeasance and nonfeasance, and, in
some cases, misfeasance, may be the subject
of impeachment, although not made criminal
by act of Congress, or so recognized by the
common law of England or of any State of the
Union. They adopted impeachment as a means
of removing men from office whose miscon-
duct imperils the public safety and renders
them unfit to occupy official position.
All this is supported by the elementary writ-
* Pennock vs. Dialogue, 2 Peters,2-18. When foreign
statutes are "adopted into our legislation the known
and settled construction of those statutes by courts
of law has been considered as silently incorporated
into the acts." (United States vs. Jones, 3 Wash. C. C.
li., 200; Ex parte Hall, 1 Pick., 261; Sedgwick oh
Stat. p. 26*2, 426; Story on Const., sec. 797; Kawle on
Const., 200.) This author says in reference to impeach-
ments, " Wo must have recourse to the common law
-of England for tho definition of them;" that is, to
the common parliamentary law. (3 Wheaton, 610; 1
Wood, and Minot, 448.)
The Constitution contains inherent evidence of
this. By it " treason, bribery, and other high crimes
and misdemeanors" are impeachable. " Treason"
js defined in the Constitution; " bribery" is not; and
it therefore means what the common law has defined
it. As the Constitution thus itself resorts to the com-
mon and parliamentary law for the definition of its
terms, the words " high crimcs and misdemeanors"
are to be interpreted by tho same codes. They are
as completely included as though every crime had
been specifically named. Whatever by the common
law was treason and which is not covered by the
definition in the Constitution which defined it for
the ordinary courts, is still impeachable crime so far
as applicable to our institutions.
t 4 Blackstone's Com., 260, read in Oxford 1759. He
says, also : "It may happen that a subject intrusted
with the administration of public affairs may infringe
the rights of the people and be guilty of such crimes
as the ordinary magistrate either dares not or cannot
punish" that is, cannot punish because not falling
within his jurisdiction.
t Stafford1 s Trial, 7 Howard's State Trials, 1297.
Ii 6 Am. Law. Reg., N. S., 252.
ers, both English and American, on parlia-
mentary and common law ; by the English and
American usage in cases of impeachment ^ by
the opinions of the framers of the Constitu-
tion j by contemporaneous construction, all
uncontradicted by any author, authority, case,
or jurist, for more than three quarters of a
century after the adoption of the Constitution.
The authorities are abundant to show that
the phrase "high crimes and misdemeanors,"
as used in the British and our Constitution,
are not limited to crimes defined by statute or
as recognized at common law.*
Christian, who may be supposed to have
understood the British constitution when he
wrote, says: "When the words high crimes
and misdemeanofs are used in prosecutions by
impeachment, the words high crimes have no
definite signification, but are used merely to
give greater solemnity to the charge."f
Wooddeson,J whose lectures were read at
Oxford in 1777, declared that impeachments
extended to cases of which the ordinary courts
had no jurisdiction. He says :
"Magistratesand officers" * * * * "may
abuse their delegated powers to the extensive detri-
ment of the community, and at the same time in a
manner not properly cognizable before the ordinary
tribunals."
And he proceeds to say the remedy is by
impeachment.
English history presents many examples of
this kind. ||
* If an act to be impeachable must be indictable,
then it mighbbe urged that every act which is indicta-
ble must be impeachable. But this has never been
pretended. As the Senate must, therefore, decide
what acts are impeachable it cannot be governed by
their indictable character.
t Note to 4 Blackstcne, 5.
12 Wooddeson's Lectures, 596.
II See Comyn's Digest, tit. Parliament. "In 1388
there are several proceedings before the Lords against
the Archbishop of York and other great officers and
against several of the judges, for having given extra-
i'udicial opinions and misinterpreting the law;" 4
latsel, 76; and in a note it is said the Lords de-
termined that such cases " cannot be tried elsewhere
than in Parliament, nor by any other law than the law
and course of Parliament." * * * *
It is elsewhere said, "such kind of misdeeds as
peculiarly injure the Commonwealth by the abuse of
high offices of trust are the most proper" * *
* y "grounds for this kind of prosecutions.
Thus" * * * * "if the judges mislead
their sovereign by unconstitutional opinions, if any
other magistrate attempt to subvert the fundamental
laws or introduce arbitrary power." * * *
* " So when a lord chancellor has been thought to
put the seal to an ignominious treaty; a lord admiral
to neglect the safeguard of the sea; an embassador to
betray his tru^t; a privy counselor to propound or
support pernicious and dishonorable measures, &c.,
&c." (2 w ooddeson's Lectures, 602; 1 Blackstone. 257.)
In the Virginia convention, Madison said, "If the
President got up a treaty by surprise he would be
impeached." (3 Eliot's Debates, 660, 516, 514, 496.)
In Ohio, before it was settled that the courts had
power to declare legislative acts unconstitutional, one
judge of the supreme court and one president judge
of the common pleas were tried on impeachments lor
the excrcise of this power, and each cscaped con-
viction by only one vote. (20 Ohio Rep., Appendix,
P. 3.)
"The Duke of Suffolk was impeached for neglect
of duty as an embassador; the Earl of Bristol that he
gave counsel against a war with Spain, whose king
had affronted the English nation; the Dukeof Buck-
ingham that he, being admiral, neglected the safe-
guard of the sea; Michael de la Pole that he, being
chancellor, acted contrary to his duty; the Duke of
Buckingham for having a plurality of office: and he
whom the poet calls the 'greatest, wisest, meanest
of mankind,' for bribery in his office of lord chancel-
lor; the Lord Pinch for unlawful methods of enlarg-
ing the forest, in his office of assistant to the justices
on Eyre; the Earl of Oxford for selling goods to his
own use captured by him as admiral without account-
ing for a tenth to others." (Ingersoll's Speech on
Blount's Trial, Wharton's State Trials, 291.)
Dr. Sacheverel was impeached for preaching an
improper sermon. (Harper's Speech, Blount's Trial,
Wharton, 301.)
t "Andrew Horne, in his Mirror of Justice, men- *
tions many judges punished by King Alfred before
the conquest for corrupt judgments." * * *
* "Ourstoriesmention many punishedinthetime
of Edward I; our Parliament rolls of Edward Ill's
time, of Richard IPs time for the pernicious resolu-
tions given at Nottingham CastlQ, afford examples
of this kind. In later times, the Parliament journals
of 18 and 21 Jac., the judgment of the ship-money in
the time of Charles I questioned, and the particular
judges impeached." (Vaugh.,139; cited in Appendix
to Addison's (Pennsylvania) Trial.)
Cases decided in England since the adoption of our
Constitution cannot limit the powers it confers. But
no casp can be found in England which limits im-
peachment to crimes indictable by common law or
