3124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jim© 13,
entitled to the same.' The polls shall bo opened at
ten o'clock in the morning and be closed at seven
o'clock in the evening of the same day. Imme-
diately on closing tlie polls the said commissioners
for each ward, or a majority of them, shall count the
ballots, and make out under their hands and seals a
correct return of tho persons having the greatest
number of legal votes for members of the board of
aldermen and for members ot the board of common
council respectively."
Mr. CORBETT. It seems to me that that
constitutes the board judges of the election,
though they are named commissioners.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Was notthat law passed
before the registry law? Has not the registry
law been passed since?
Mr. HARLAN. It has been.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That varies all that.
Mr. HARLAN. I understand, by inquiry
from the mayor-elect, that this is the oath
still administered to these officers.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That may be; but the
registry law makes other men judges of the
qualifications of the electors.
Mr. CORBETT. How are these commis-
sioners appointed?
Mr. ITARLAN. They are appointed by the
supreme court of the District.
Mr. HOWE. I desire to make a few remarks
in reply to the argument submitted by the Sen-
ator from Maine. I am disposed to try this
question, not upon the laws of Oregon or of
Maine, but upon the laws prevailing here in
tho District of Columbia, so far as I under-
stand what those laws are; and I will not, for
the purpose of what I have to say this morn-
ing, raise the question whether the form of the
oath just read here as prescribed to the com-
missioners of election constitutes them judges
of election, or vests in them any discretion
over the question as to who may or who may
not vote; but I will assume that they have a
mere ministerial function, and that the duty
prescribed to them by lav/ is simply the duty
of taking the ballots from tho individuals whose
pames are borne upon the registry. I will
assume that this is the only duty prescribed
to them by law. But that that is the only
labor they may perform, or the only duty with
which they may charge themselves in reference
to the election, I do not concede. I think
they may go further than that. I think they
may do any one and every single act with a
view to secure a fair and full expression of the
legal voters in tho ward or in the city which
the law does not prohibit them from discharg-
ing. It is upon that point, if upon any, that
I am at issue with the Senator from Maine.
He assumes that for them to undertake to
know how an individual votes whose right to
vote they deny, but have not tho authority to
determine under the law, is a violation of the
secrecy and privacy and sacredness with which
the law shelters this right to vote. Now, I
think he assumes more than the law declares.
The law has simply provided that the electors
shall vote by ballot; but if in providing that
they might vote by ballot it was the purpose of
the law to provide that the way in which they
voted should never be known, that tho individ-
ual for whom they voted should never be known
to the public, then it was necessary not only to
prohibit the commissioners from putting any
mark on the ballot, or taking any cognizance
of tho way in which the individual voted, but
it was necessary for the law to prohibit any
judicial investigation as to how they voted. It
was just as important to prohibit the board
of aldermen from calling one of these soldiers
before them to make him swear how he voted
as it was to prohibit the marking of his ballot
when it was received.
But I assume that the law did not intend to
cover with the veil of secrecy this fact because
it has not done so; it has not. prohibited the
commissioners from marking the ballot; it has
not prohibited the board of aldermen from
making the individual swear how he voted.
And because it has not done any of these things,
but, has simply'authorized him to put the name
of his candidate upon a piece of paper, instead
of declaring it at the polls, I assume that it
was the purpose of the law only to protect the
vote from public knowledge so far as that single
act would tend to protect it and no further,
leaving to all other tribunals, judicial and legis-
lative, every other means of determining these
two facts: first, whether a man voted who had
not a right to vote ; and, secondly, how that
man did vote, how his vote influenced the
election. Both of these facts must be known
in order to secure a fair result to the elec-
tion.
Now, sir, as recited here, the facts in this
case seem to be that these commissioners, who,
the Senator argues, had a mere ministerial
duty—and they seem to have regarded such to
be their duty themselves—took the votes of
men whose names they found on the registry,
and yet who, they believed, were not author-
ized to vote. Holding that they had not the
authority, under the law as it stood, to exclude
them, they received the ballots; but it seems
they did put a mark upon them, so that they
could identify the ballots. It turns out that
they were right in their suspicions, that these
men had not the right to vote, that the law
clearly prohibited thorn.from voting. But I
understand that as the law is to-day, the only
tribunal which can determine the right of these
individuals to .vote is the board of aldermen
and tho board of common couneihnen, and I
suppose that their adjudication has been in
favor of the right instead of against it.
Mr. HARLAN. That the Senator may
know the exact facts, I will state that the Con-
servative members, as they are called, hold
that one set of officers were elected in that
ward, and the Republican members hold that
another set were elected, and they have organ-
ized separately, and have two boards of com-
mon councilmon and two boards of aldermen.
Mr. HOWE. That makes it a little more
mixed; butl am assumingthat the wholeboard
of aldermen has decided that these soldiers
that your law prohibited from voting had a right
to vote, and that they put the law under their
feet, i do not care whether it is a minority,
or a majority, or the whole board who have
done it. The question is whether the supreme
authority of the nation stands concluded by
that adjudication, no matter how many par-
took in it. I say it was a fraud. If the voting
of the soldiers was afraudon the law, theadju-
dication of tho aldermen in determining that
they had a right to vote was a sanction of that
fraud; and if that adjudication had been made
by the supreme court of the District it would
still have been another sanction of the fraud ;
and if it had been made by the Supreme Court
of theUnited States it would still be asanetion
of the fraud, and if it were made by the Con-
gress of the United Slates, it would be only
another sanction of the fraud.
Mr. D/VVIS. 1 will ask the honorable Sen-
ator a question, with his permission.
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. If a soldier resides in the city
of Washington, is he not entitled to vote here?
Mr. IIOWE. The law as it stands gives him
a right to vote if he has had a residence of a
year here, with his family, before the election.
But I understand—1 am not trying the case
myself; 1 am speaking on the statements made
heie—I understand that soldiers who had not
resided here a day, nevei had a residence here
except as members  f a regiment, went to the
polls and voted.
Mr. DAVIS. I will ask the honorable Sen-
ator another question, with liis permission, first
stating that i have understood the fact to be
different from the statement he has just made,
though ho may be right. He admits that the
officers of this election marked some of the
ballots.
Mr. IIOWE. I understand it to be so.
Mr. DAVIS. Had they not as much right
to indorse the name of the man who deposited
a baiiot upon the ballot as to mark it?
Mr. IIOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. Had they the right to do either ?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir; they had a right
to do both, simply because the law did not pro-
j hibit them from doing either.
Mr. DAVIS. That would not be a secret
ballot.
Mr. HOWE. I say the law does not provide
for a secret ballot; it provides for a ballot- If
it provided for a secret ballot it would require
your ballot-boxes to be deposited away from
human supervision, where a man could go to it
alone out of sight of the rest of the world an$
there put his piece of paper in. The law does
not provide for a secret ballot; it provides for
a ballot, and at the same time the law provides,
that the proper tribunals may know for whom
that ballot was given, and every baiiot.
Mr. DAVIS. I will ask the honorable Sen-
ator if the law provides for an open ballot ?
Mr. HOWE. No, sir; it provides for a
ballot.
Mr. DAVIS. I will ask the honorable Sen-
ator if putting the voter's name on the ballot
would not make it an open ballot?
Mr. HOWE. No, sir; not necessarily an
open ballot. An open ballot is a ballot which
is open and displayed, as I understand it; but
I do not understand that the law prohibits an
open ballot. A man has a perfect right to go
to the polls with an open ballot and put it in.
I do not know that the commissioners would
be authorized—for I have not seen the full
law—having talten the ballot to open it, and
yet, unless there is something in the law which
prohibits them, they would have the undoubted
right to do that thing.
Mr. HENDRICKS. To examine and read it ?
Mr. HOWE. To open the ballot, unless the
law prohibits the opening of it. I do not know
how you would punish them for doing it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then they have the
right to make a record of the vote cast and
how it was cast, as evidence?
Mr. HOWE. Just as good a right to make
it as the board of aldermen would have to make
it; just as a good a right to make it as the
supreme court of this District would have if
you give them appellate jurisdiction; just as
good a right to do it as any tribunal which
assumes to bring a man before it and make him
swear how he voted. They make up a record
and publish it to the world. Why ? They do
it in order to determine whether the law has
been observed at the election or not.
Now, as I was trying to say, I understand
that certain men did come to the polls, whom
the law forbade to do so, and cast these-votes.
I understand that the tribunal with whom rests
now the jurisdiction to try and determine their
right to vote has affirmed their right to vote;
and the question is, shall we stand concluded
by that judgment, or shall we provide by an
exercise of legislative authority tor a new trial,
another trial, an appellate trial of that ques-
tion ? I think if there is any reason to believo
that this injustice, this outrage upon the law
has been perpetrated, it is our bounden duty,
our most solemn dnty to provide some tribu-
nal to retry and readjudicate the question.
But the Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessen-
dex] says that this bill now pending makes the
certificate of the register prima facie evidence
of the right to hold the office pending the liti-
gation. 1 understand that is the effect of it.
What is there wrong about that ? Is it not as
fair for the law to base the -prima fane right
on the certificate of the register as on the
return of the commissioners of election or as
upon the adjudication of the board of alder-
men ? It is the province of the Legislature to
say what shall or shall not constitute the prima,
facie right, and to say what shall be evidence
of the prima facie right.
Mr. HARLAN. If it will not be an inter-
ruption of the Senator, I have the law now on
one of the points that he has been discussing,
and will read it. It is section seven of the act
of January 8, 1867 :
"That the officers presiding at any election shall
keep and use the cheek-list herein re-fjiiiied at tn«
polls during the election of all officer-;, and no YOtG
shall be received unie.-s deliveied 1 >:/ the voter in
person, and not until the presiding oiBcor has had
opportunity to be satisfied of his identity, and snail
find his name on tho list, and mark it, and ascertain
I that his vote is single."
