4148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
over lightly I should like to have a letter of
the Commissioner of the Land Office read.
There is a great demand for this report in
Europe. A great deal is said about encourag-
ing foreign immigration, but there is nothing
so well calculated to help that as showing per-
sons abroad where they can go, aud on want
terms they can obtain land here.
Mr. ANTHONY. If my friend will allow
me to make just one observation, whenever
the Committee on Printing object to the print-
ing of an expensive work we are told there is
a great call for it. Mr. President, when val-
uable books are printed for nothing and given
away there will always be a demand for them,
and the more we print the larger will be the
demand. I have no doubt about the value of
this work. It is ft very good document. The
only thing is the question of expense.
Mr. STEWAR1. We do print a great many
documents that are not very valuable. If there
is one thing that we desire to encourage espe-
cially it is immigration on the public lands.
We want the immigrants to go there. We
want them to leave the cities, and the best
thiug we can do is to spend a little money in
educating those people as to where they can
go. The whole theory of the Government is
that they shall be protected and these settle-
ments shall be advanced. Nothing will help
that work so much as a map of the country
with such explanations as the report will give.
I undertake to say that it is a more useful doc-
ument than any other printed by Congress. It
is a better guide and contains more useful in-
formation for the purpose of settling the pub-
lic lands than any document that has over been
printed.
I am seldom an advocate for the expendi-
ture of money; but I believe this is a case
where money can be well expended. There
is a great demand for it, especially by the
Germans. A large number of letters were
before our committee. 1 have seen a large
number that did not come before the commit-
tee, addressed to the Department of State.
The Secretary of State regauls this matter as
of very great importance. Mr. Seward says
it is the best means of conveying that kind of
information that brings in immigrants from
their homes and induces tlieni to go upon the
lands. lie is very much in favor of it. lie
has been in correspondence with our ministers
abroad, and every person abroad who has
taken the subject into consideration regards it
as the most important information that can be
given to the people.
The Commissioner has given this report a
great deal of attention, bestowed great labor
upon it, and when you are expending your
millions per year for the Indian service I
think you might spend a small amount in
informing immigrants from Europe, particu-
larly Germans, where these maps go, of the
resources of the West, and let them go there
and take possession of the country, and thus
avoid the Indian question. You put into your
Indian bill $75,000 for this and $100,000 for
that, and you have a system of having prob-
ably five Indian agents to each Indian, and
how many contractors to each Indian nobody
can compute. While you arc upholding a sys-
tem of that kind I want the people of the
world to understand what we havu got in the
way of lands, where they can go and take pos-
session of the country. In that way we can
end many of these vexatious questions and
develop the resources of the country. I be-
lieve that a little money spent in publishing
these reports and maps will be of great im-
portance to the country. Then the maps of
the States are exceedingly important in show-
ing the advance of the surveys and what has
been done. If this proposition is to be voted
down, before it is voted down I should like to
have one or two letters read. I think this is a
very important subject, and I do not like to see
it slurred over in this way.
Mr. POMEROY. By the report of the com-
mittee but one map, a connected map of the
United States, was to be printed, and now the
Senator from Rhode Island has moved to strike
out even that, it does not include the maps
of the States, to which the Senator from Ne-
vada has referred. 1 agree with the Seuator
from Nevada that those maps are very desir-
able ; but it is absolutely necessary to have the
map of the United States, and the Senator
from Rhode Island now proposes to strike out
that. I hope the amendment will not be
agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am not going to detain
the Senate more than a minute on thissubject.
I merely wish the Senate to understand what
the cost of this is to be, and then with what-
ever the Senate do I shall bo satisfied. _As
this resolution eame to the Committee on Print-
ing the expense would have been $88,000;
and if we had directed the publication the
House of Representatives would probably have
printed double the number, and wo should
not have got off with less than an expenditure
of 8300,000. The Committee on Printing
reduced it. to ?25,000 by their report, and that
report meets the approbation of the Committee
on Public Lands. I now propose—not from
the Committee on Printing, but I have revised
the estimates and find the map will cost more
than 1 thought it would—to make a further
reduction of about eleven thousand dollars by
striking out the map of the United States. I
do not estimate the value of that map so highly
as my friend upon the Committee on Public
Lands ; but perhaps I do not understand it so
well. The Senate have now all the facts before
them; and it is for them to decide whether
they will expend $1.1,000 to distribute over
Europe a map of the United Slates.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 shall be satisfied with
a vote, as the morning hour has nearly ex-
pired.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The amend-
ment, as I understand it, strikes the pictures
out of the document.
Mr. ANTHONY. The map.
Mr. POMEROY. The map of the United
States; nothing else.
Mr. CONNKSS. It is very evident that my
friend from Vermont desires to get a lick at
it without knowing what it is.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Rhode
Island says that his amendment strikes out
simply the map of the United States.
Mr. ANTHONY. The other maps are not
reported upon at all. The amendment saves
$11,000 and deprives the document of the map
of the United States.
Mr. STEWART. That strikes all the maps
out ?
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORTON. T will inquire of the chair-
man of the committee what the cost will be
without the rnaps?
Mr. ANTHONY. Fourteen thousand dol-
lars without and 8^r>,000 with.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. STEWART. On that question I must
call for the yeas aud nays. I wish to see
whether the Senate are not willing to let set-
tlers and emigrants know where the public
lauds are.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, icsulted—yeas 1G, nays 24 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott. Anthony, Chandler, Conk-
ling, Oragin, Edmunds. Ferry, Eossenclen, McDon-
ald, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Osborn, liico, Sher-
man, Welch, and Willey—lf>.
KAYS — Mefao-rw. Cole, Conness, Corbett, Davis,
Fowler, Harlan, Howard, Howe, McCreery, Nye,
t'omeroy, Kamsey, Koss, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer,
Tipton, Trumbull, Van Winklo, Yickers, Wade,
Whyte, Williams, and Wilson—24.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, iiuckatew, Cameron,
Cattell, Diicou, Hoohttle, Brake, Frelinghuyben,
Grimes, Henderson, Hendricks, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Norton, Patterson of New Hampshire, Pat-
torson of Tennessee, Foot, Saulsbury, Sprague, and
Y atos—20.
So the amendment was rejected.
The resolution was adopted.
indian approximation bill.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr, McPhebson, its Clerk, announced
that the House disagreed to the amendments
of t'he Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 1073)
making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department,
and lor fulfilling treaty stipulations with vari-
ous Indian tribes for the year ending June 30,
1869, asked a conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon,' and had
appointed Mr. Bexjamin P. Butler of Massa-
chusetts, Mr. William Wisdom of Minnesota,
and Mr. P. Van Thump of Ohio, managers at
the same on its part. ., .
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill of the House (H. R. No. 1073)
making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department^ and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations "with various
Indian tribes for the year ending J une 30, 1869,
disagreed to by the House of Representatives;
and .
On motion by Mr. MORRILL, of Maine,
it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill, disagreed to by the House of
Representatives. and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate bo appointed by the President pro tempore of
the Senate.
The PRESIDENT -pro tempore appointed
Mr. Howe, Mr. Henderson, and Mr. Morrill
of Maine.
EIGHTS OF CITIZENS ABKOAD.
Mr. CONNESS. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the bill (H.
R. No. 768) concerning the rights of American
citizens in foreign States.
Mr. SUMNER. I simply wish to have an
understanding with my friend, the Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Morrill,] as to the order of busi-
ness. 1 shall not interpose any objection un-
less the Senator does.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I had an under-
standing that was satisfactory.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not know just ex-
actly what the Senator from Massachusetts
means.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is the bill before
the Senate ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from California moves to take it up for
consideration.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no ob-
jection to that motion. When it is up I wish
to say a word.
Mr. CONNESS. Let us have the question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
cannot put it when Senators are on the floor.
Mr. CONNESS. I understood the Senator
to say he had no objection.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no ob-
jection to its coming up. When it comes up
I wish to address a consideration to the Senate.
_ Mr. SUMNER. Do 1 understand the ques-
tion is before the Senate now as to whether we
shall proceed with that bill?
The PRESIDENTj?ro tempore. That is the
pending question.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no ob-
jection to the bill coming up, but when it is
up I propose to address a proposition to the
Seuator who has charge of it, which I trust he
will accept.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire in this connection
to ask my friend from Massachusetts whether
he is opposed to the consideration of the bill
that 1 have called up ?
Mr. SUMNER. I am perfectly ready to
proceed with the consideration of that bill
whenever the Senate is so disposed. Allow
me to make an explanation here. It was only
a moment ago that I exchanged a word with
tne benator from Maine, and he told me there
was an understanding between himself and
the benator from California as to the order of
I thought the Senator was not aware
tnat the bill was about to be called up, and
it was on that account that I interposed the
remark that I made.
Mr. CONNESS. I am still at a loss to
know how the Senator stands affected toward
