i ms.
the cmqwmmitma globe.
mm
of the revenue of the country, to lay a-tax on
Oil. And, inasmuch as they will be compelled
to recommend that tax, they prefer that the
question what that tax shall be, whether the
present rate of taxation or a less "rate, shall be
reserved until they bring in the general bill
upon the subject of taxation, and that it shall
not be forced into a bill the subject of which
is'exemption from taxation. So much for the
first amendment of the Senate.
Mr. SELYE. Was the tax on oil left out
altogether before ?
Mr. SCHENCIC. Gentlemen ask me whether
it was left Out altogether before. It was left
out of this class. Oil is now taxed at a certain
rate. And it is taxed under the ninety-fourth
section, which we propose to repealwitli cer-
tain reservations. We reserve this among
other subjects, just leaving it as the law now is
until we can take it up with the other subjects
to be taxed, and then determine what the tax
shall be.
The second amendment of the Senate "to the
second section of the bill is as follows:
And nothing herein contained shall be construed
as a repeal of any tax upon machinery or other arti-
cles which have been or may be delivered on con-
tracts made with the United States prior to the pas-
sage of this act.
Gentlemen may differ very much in regard
to the principle there involved. When con-
tracts have been made for the manufacture of
articles, and the fact is that those articles are
subject to a certain tax, of course the manu-
facturers will add so much more to the price
they agreed to take for their articles. Every
law that is passed raising or lowering the tax
helps somebody and hurts somebody. _ The
general principle, as we understand it, is that
the Government cannot undertake, except in
certain clear and easy ways which exist in
some cases, to interfere as between citizens.
We leave every man, therefore, when he
makes a contract to deliver an article or to
purchase an article, to take his chances that
the law maybe changed. That _ principle is
recognized by the Senate m not interfering as
between individuals; but the Senate say that the
Government, however, can take care of itself;
and as the Government has, particularly, I am
told, in the Navy Department, made contracts
for certain machinery at a price higher than
would have been agreed upon if the tax had not
been taken into consideration, therefore it is
proposed that the Government shall say to
these contractors, " When we remove the tax
we take care that you shall not havethe benefit
of the removal, but that the benefit shall ac-
crue to the Government. In other words, we
employ, as between the Government and its
contractors, a different rule from_ that which
prevails as between individual and individual."
A question may arise whether it is right to
make this distinction. We suppose that the
Government, having the power in its hands
when it legislates, and particularly because it
has that power, should put itself upon the
same footing with individuals who have made
contracts.
But there is another consideration. I do
not know that such contracts for machinery
have been made by the Navy Department, but
I do know that no such contracts ought to have
been made; for there is now upon the statute-
book a provision that any Department of the
Government, when it makes a contract foi
articles to be furnished, shall have the power
to take into account and reserve the taxes which
shall be imposed upon the article. Hence, if
contracts have been made by the Navy De-
partment without reserving the taxes, such
contracts' have been improvidently and im-
properly made. In the seventeenth section
of the act of March 3, 1865, it is provided—
" That the privilege of purchasing supplies of goods
imported from foreign countries for the use ot the
United States duty free which now does or hereafter
shall exist by provision ot law shall be extended,
under such regulations as tho Secretary of the iroas-
ury may prescribe, to ail articles of domestic pro-
duction which are subject to tax by the provisions
of this act."
That is the internal tax. And it was very
improper for any Department- or officer  f this
Government to omit to take advantage of this
provision, that, in making contracts, the tax
might be reserved. Bat, if there be any cases
in which the Government has not taken ad-
vantage of this provision, the question is, shall
the benefit of the removal of the tax accrue to
the contractor or tothe Government? I admit,
as I said before, that in every case a change of
tax, while it benefits somebody, hurts some-
body else; but all that the committee think
proper to recommend upon this subject is that
as the Government had the power to provide
for this contingency and did not choose to do
so the Government shall take its chances under
the law, just as it compels individuals to do.
And, Mr. Speaker, when it is said that here
are large amounts of machinery which have
been contracted for, I ask gentlemen to
bear in mind the fact that if the Government
has contracts outstanding for $50,000 or
§100,000 or §500,000 worth of machinery, this
is but a drop in the ocean as compared with
the aggregate amount of the immense number
of contracts between individuals which will be
affected in this same way. If the Government
is going to be affected to the amount of a few
thousand dollars, individuals will be affected
in the aggregate to the amount of millions.
Yet the Government is asked to step in and
say that it will protect itself to the extent of a
few thousand dollars against chances improvi-
dently incurred, while there is to be no such
protection as to the various individuals con-
cerned in contracts. I leave it to the judgment
of tho House to decide whether we are right in
the principle we propose, that the Government
shall itself abide by the same rule which it pre-
scribes with regard to contracts of individuals
between each other.
The Senate have made a provision in regard
to drawbacks which I will in a few words ex-
plain. Gentlemen know that now when goods
which are subject to internal tax are exported
there is a drawback allowed for the tax that
has been paid. The Senate have provided that
after the 1st of April, which is next week,
there shall be no drawback as to these goods
from which we remove the tax, nor, perhaps, as
to any goods. The House has proposed to
allow three months and to provide that there
shall be no drawback after the 1st of July next.
The object of the House in this was to permit
the fulfillment of contracts _ actually made,
where vessels have been freighted and car-
goes supplied, but not to interfere, or attempt
to interfere, in any other case—to apply, in
short, precisely the same rule that was adopted
the other day in the case of spirits actually
contracted for and distilled with a view to ex-
portation. But the House amendment, as re-
ported yesterday, does not quite accomplish the
object intended; and I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to propose an
amendment to the amendment of the House.
I ask gentlemen to look at the printed report
made by the Committee of this House :
That after the 1st of July, 18GS, no allowance for
drawback on account ot internal taxes paid on man-
ufactures shall bo made oil the exportation of anj'
article ot domestic manufacture which is relieved
from tax by the provisions of this act.
We then strike out the words of the clause
''manufactured after the 1st of April, ' and
insert these words:
Nor shall such allowance bo made in any case
unless it shall be proved by sworn evidence to the
satisfaction of the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue such articles of manufacture were, prior to the
l=t of April, 1868, actually purchased or manufac-
tured and contracted to be delivered for such ex-
portation.
The effect of that will be this: the Senate
says there shall be no drawback after the 1st
of April. The House proposes to allow the
drawback to go on as usual for three months,
but to limit it to those cases where contract
was actually made, the goods prepared to be
exported being also manufactured before the
1st of April—applying the principle which we
apply to the case of exported spirits. 1 hat is
the difference between the Senate and the
House.
The House proposes-to extend the'drawback
for three months, and they now instruct me to
limit that so it shall not apply to any but those
cases where contracts have actually been made,
bringing it within that -rule which was before
established in the case of distilled spirits.
Next comes the amendment of the Senate
in regard to putting a tax upon sales of -man-
ufactures. Theirproposition is a-general one,
to put a,-tax upon the sales made by manufac-
turers above ten thousand dollars of two dol-
lars per thousand, equivalent to thefifth of one
per cent., upon the principle that, while we re-
lieve these manufacturers from direct taxation,
we must bring them, in order -to get a sufficient
revenue, within the provisions of those special
taxes 'by which we expect in some degree to
make up for the loss of revenue accruing from
this exemption.
Now, sir, it has been a great mistake if any
body has supposed it was intended, or possible
in due consideration for the revenue; to ex-
empt manufacturers entirely from taxation;
and this 1 fully explained when this subject
was first before the House. But we do believe
we can safely take off, as we propose to do,
this heavy tax, which is in general five per
cent, on the value of the article manufactured,
and put a special tax of ten, twenty, or twenty-
five dollars on manufacturers, and add to that
a further special tax of a certain percentage
upon the sales above a given amount. That is
now the law in regard to wholesale dealers and
various other persons engaged in the different
pursuits in the country. The machinery is
prepared, ready to hand, and it is proposed to
extend that to the ease of manufacturers.
This small tax we have heretofore imposed,
and it is a tax of such a character that it will
produce, though small, very large results. I
remember a gentleman stated to me, interrupt-
ing me when I was explaining this matter be-
fore the House, this special tax would only
amount to some five or six million dollars.
I explained then, under the present system,
this special tax amounts to $18,000,000j and
we have ascertained, if we extend it, a^ small
special tax upon manufacturers like this will
add from twelve to fourteen million dollars, thus
swelling the $18,000,000 up to $30,000,000 and
upward—much higher than I supposed when
I first made the calculation running up only to
$20,000,000. And 1 ask gentlemen to stand by
tlif: proposition that while we relieve these man-
ufacturers from being thus burdened by a large
specific tax upon articles as they are produced
they shall enable us to do so by allowing a spe-
ciai tax upon sales, which will, in some degree,
put the revenue of the country in such condi-
tion as to make us able to allow this exemption
to the manufacturers themselves.
We had left this matter to the general bill in
which we propose to report it, and did not recur
to it when this bill was before the House.^ The
Senate think it best to provide for it in this bill,
because they say it may be some two or three
months before another general bill can be ma-
tured into and become a law, and in the inter-
val these manufacturers will escape taxation
entirely on their sales or their manufactures,
and then when we come to impose a tax on
sales it may seem as if we were getting up a
new subject of taxation. The Committee of
Ways and Means are impressed with the pro-
priety of consenting to a certain extent to this
view of the Senate. We propose, therefore,
to agree to put a special tax on now, but to
limit it to the articles which are exempted by
this bill from taxation. That is in respect to
dealers, manufacturers, and all the pursuits and
interests of the country which are subject to
taxes of this kind on their sales now. _ We pro-
pose to leave them under the law as it at pres-
ent exists, and, so far as we exempt any of
these manufacturers from tax entirely now, we
propose to extend the special tax on sales only
to those who are thus exempt, so as to put them
in the same condition with the rest, and^ en
' leave the whole of them to be provided tor
j together when we come to introduce S
i eral bill.
