1888.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3125
Mr. FESSENDEN. That shows it exactly;
.that is all he can do.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator says that shows
it exactly, and that is all he can do. That is
all the law charges him with the duty of doing;
but I say he could have done several things
beside that, and undoubtedly did do, on the
very day of election, some having reference to
the fairness of the election, and some having
110 reference to it whatever. I say he could
do anything which the law did not prohibit
him from doing.
Mr. DAVIS. I will ask my friend a ques-
tion with his permission. If the law as it
stood at the time the election took place au-
thorized one officer to make the return of the
election, is it within the competence or within
the propriety of Congress to pass a subsequent
law authorizing another officer to make a return
of the election?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, Mr. President.
Mr. DAVIS. After the return has been
made by one officer, then there is an appeal
to Congress to select another officer to make
a different return?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, Mr. President, the law
could authorize all the people in the District
of Columbia to make a return, and each one
could make a perfect return, I take it. I do
not see any necessity for doing anything of
that sort. The question is, after all, and it is
the only question, whether the steps taken in
this election are final steps, are adjudications
which bind all the people of the District, all
the candidates who were voted for, and bind
the tribunals of the country. If they were final
adjudications, that is the end of litigation. If
they were not, then it is perfectly competent
for the legislative authority to furnish new trials
as long as in its discretion it thinks justice can
be promoted by new trials—a new trial by the
supreme court of the District, and another one
by the Supreme Court of the United States if
they see fit to do so.
Mr. President, I have said perhaps more
than I had need of doing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I only
wish to comment a little on two points made
by the Senator from Wisconsin, leaving the
others to take care of themselves. The first
is an admission which ho makes which covers
the whole ground I assumed, and that is, he
says this voting by ballot, receiving votes, is
only intended to protect the secrecy of the
ballot so far as that act is concerned, to use his
own language. That I agree to, and that is all
I have been contending for. I admit with him
that all this matter of balloting can be revised
and reviewed by the competent and proper tri-
bunal which is finally to pass upon the fact of
election. What I contended for was that the
very idea of voting by ballot is founded upon
the idea of secrecy ; that every man should be
at liberty to vote in such a manner as not to
have his vote known, if he saw fit to do so.
That it may be discovered afterward by any
particular judicial course marked out to estab-
lish the fact whether A or B was elected is no
doubt necessary ; but so far as the act is con-
cerned, as the Senator calls it, I contend that
he has the right to vote, if he has complied
with the other requisites, without having those
who receive the vote ascertain how he votes.
If they can mark his ballot we may just as
well have the open vive voce vote in the Eng-
lish fashion. Our fashion is as I have stated
it, and for the reason that I have given. It is
founded on the idea of secrecy; that a man's
vote should not be open to the supervision of
everybody about him, of those who receive his
vote even, that ho may be perfectly free and
independent in the act. That is the idea of it;
and the Senator concedes it so far as the act is
concerned, he says; and that, is as far as I go.
Now, sir, as to the Senator sotherlegal idea,
that a ministerial officer may do^anything that
is not prohibited to him, that is a nciv legal
principle. 1 had always been educated m the
idea that a ministerial officer could do just,
what, the law pointed out to him to do, and j
nothing more. Oat the Senator says if certain i
duties are given to a ministerial officer he
need not confine himself to those duties, but
anything else that suggests itself to his discre-
tion, his idea of what may be right and proper
is open to him, if not prohibited by law. Why,
sir, that would upset all the rules of judging
of the acts of ministerial officers. The hon-
orable Senator is a learned lawyer. He has
been upon the bench. Did he ever hear of a
certain maxim, " Expressio unius est exclusio
alterius V'
Mr. HOWE. I can translate that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know the Senator
can translate that. I supposed it was a well
known maxim, and particularly applicable to
ministerial officers, that if certain duties de-
fined by law are devolved upon a certain set
of men those duties they can perform, and
none others, in relation to that act, legally.
They cannot go beyond them.
Now, what does the seventh section of the
law passed only last year, read by the honora-
ble Senator from Iowa, say ? Simply this :
that these commissioners of election may re-
ceive the votes of all those persons whose
names are borne upon the check lists, as they
are called or whatever they are called, and
that they may examine them so far as to ascer-
tain the identity of the individual, and that he
has a right to vote ; and there it stops.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him one question?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. Suppose the question is whether
these commissioners of election could do any-
thing which the law did not instruct them to do
in reference to this election. Suppose it to be
an established fact that they did open the bal-
lot, the ballot which Brown put in, and see
that he voted for Bowen, and afterward come
on the stand and swore to it, what is the court
going to say about it? Are they going to
receive their evidence, or not? And if the
court receives that evidence, what is going to
be done with the commissioners?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Thereisnodoubtabout
that. That is a question I am not discassing,
what is to be done with the commissioner. A
great many things may be done which are
wrong. I am discussing the propriety of the
thing, and the Senator is maintaining the pro-
priety of the thing, that they had the right to do
it, and it was all proper, or else his argument
amounts to nothing.
Mr. BtlCKALEW. If the Senator will per-
mit me, I will state that in Pennsylvania the
offense is indictable, and there are a great
many penalties for not merely peeping into the
ballot, but for meddling with it in any way.
We understand that those laws are simply a
sanction to the general principle of the secrecy
of the ballot.
Mr. HOWE. I simply want to say to the
Senator from Pennsylvania what the Senator
from "Maine said to the Senator from Oregon,
we are not trying this question on the laws of
Pennsylvania.
Mr."FESSENDEN. Still, they illustrate
the idea of the sanctity of the ballot, so far as
the receiving officers are concerned ; and that
is all I was talking about. I should not have
said so much if the Senator from \\ isconsin
had not defended this act as not only the right,
but the duty of the commissioners to open
these ballots, peep into them, mark them, and
mark the men. I say it interferes with the
very idea of the ballot, with the purity of
elections, and the independence of elections.
I go upon the general principle.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator misunderstands
what I have been driving at. I have not been
trying the administration of these commission-
ers at all. I understood him to reply to the
Senator from Iowa,who said that there was a
mark upon these ballots, that that could not
be done. The Senator from Iowa stated the
fact with a view of showing that the means
were at hand, in reply to the Senator from
Indiana, of learning bow these soldiers voted,
and the Senator from Maine said they could
not do it. I did not undertake to arguo the
propriety of the thing; but I will now say,
that when they went no further than to identify
the votes given by men whose right to vote
they thought was questionable under the law,
it was a proper act unless there was a statute
which prohibited the doing of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There I differ with the
Senator. That is the very matter I am, dis-
puting. I say that was undertaking to do a
thing which they had no right to do ; that it
interferes with the very idea of the freedom
and purity of the ballot-box to have ministerial
officers undeitake to do any such thing. That
is where the Senator and I differ.
But I was commenting upon the principle of
law which the Senator laid down with so much
confidence and elaborated, that a ministerial
officer may do anything which is not pro-
hibited.
Mr. HOWE. And I stick to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Undoubtedly. The
Senator never says anything he does no! stick
to, right or wrong, I believe, if he has once
given an opinion. But his sticking to it, more
or less, is not any reason why.I should believe
his doctrine.
But, sir, I was not arguing whether these
ballots were to be thrown out or these votes
finally to be counted. I did not undertake to
argue that matter at all. I was endeavoring
to ascertain for myself what this bill was; ana
I did not even say whether I might not vote for
it; but I wanted to understand distinctly what
it was. I agree that this case is a very singular
one; but I was trying to learn whether the
object of the first section of this bill was not
to legalize that, very thing in an individual case,
and a case that has gone by. That is what I
was coming to. The fact having transpired, it
appears unquestionably that if these officers
hud not interfered with the ballot-box, not
undertaken to open and mark these votes and
mark these men, a certain set of men would
have been entitled to their seats on the prima,
facie evidence, whereas they did undertake to
interfere with the ballot-box, they did open
the ballots, they did mark the ballots, and the
consequence is, that they make a return upon
which a certificate is issued to a certain other
set of men. That is the consequence; and it
is that which this first section undertakes to
legalize. What 1 was trying to get at was that
the Senate might be in possession of the exact
facts, and being in possession of the facts, each
Senator can vote, and stick to it, as the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin does, according to his own
notions.
Mr. FRELINGIIUYSEN. Mr. President,
I agree with the Senator from Maine, and I
think all of us must, as to the general principle
that the ballot must be held secret and sacred.
It is a great right, and is not to be invaded.
But I do not think this is a case where it is
invaded. The law imposed a duty upon these
commissioners who received the votes, which
was, to receive the ballots of those who were
registered. That was one duty. But after
that registry was made another law was passed,
which was binding upon every officer, upon
everybody, that a certain class of persons,
some of whom were registered, should not
vote—soldiers who had not resided here a
year.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What law doe's the
Senator refer to?
Mr. FllELINGHUYSEN. I refer to. the
law which was read, passed after the registry
and before the voting.
Now, then, the commissioners had two duties
to perform : one was the ministerial duty of
receiving the ballots; and another was the duty
to preserve the purity of the election ; that it
should be according to law ; that illegal votes
should not be admitted; and what do they do ?
They do the only thing, 1 think, that. could
have been done. They could not refuse to
receive the votes. Therefore, they received
them. They were not at liberty to permit a
fraud to be p'erpetrated upon the election ; and
therefore, inasmuch as these were only nom-
inal and not actual voters, they marked those
