1078
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 10,
to break the blockade, and also originating in
the law confiscating the property of rebels. I
do not now remember a single case adjudi-
cated by a court of the United States where
the court-has held that any one of these laws
was in conflict with the Constitution of the
United States. Then with what show of rea-
son are these charges, which, if they were
made elsewhere, I would pronounce equally
impudent as brazen, brought against the ma-
jority oi Congress for having willfully violated
the Constitution of the United States, when, so
far as the adjudication of these laws has ex-
tended, they have been uniformly held to be
valid ?
But, sir, if the court should in a given case
decide not according to the uniform tenor of
previous decisions on the same subject, and
thus violate the judicial sense of the majority
of the people of the United States, it would
become binding in that one case alone, and
would no more control the policy of this nation
than did the decision in the Dred Scott case
settle the question of slavery. It settled the
condition of Dred Scott. Under that decision
he was deprived of his liberty most effectually
during his natural life; but it became ineffect-
ive in regard to the policy of the nation, and
was presently swept away by the voice of the
freemen of this Republic. And so would it be
^if the Supreme Court of the United States, in
any case hereafter to arise, were to violate the
common sense of justice as entertained by the
mass of the people of this country.
And that brings me to the last observation I
intend to make. Senators on the other side of
the Chamber during this discussion have told
us that the people of the United States have
expressed themselves, and that according to the
more recent expression of public opinion these
measures have been found to be unconstitu-
tional. Let us see how these allegations con-
form to the fact. Elections were held in
eighteen States of this Union during the last
autumn, either for State offices or for local
offices, universally over these States. In those
eighteen States there were cast in favor of those
who sustain the policy of Congress 1,628,447
votes, and in favor of the so-called policy of
the President 1,603,483 votes, leaving a clear
majority of 24,964 in favor of the policy of
Congress. Then, sir, include the other nine
States now represented in Congress who voted
a short time before, and we find in favor of the
policy of Congress 506,020 votes, and in favor
of the policy of the President 396,733 votes,
leaving a clear majority of 109,293, which,
added to the majority previously named, gives
a majority in the aggregate of 134,2-31 votes.
This, therefore, is the most recent expression
of public opinion on this subject. Those who
maintain that these laws are constitutional find
themselves in a majority of over 134.000, when
they Lake their appeal to the gicat jury-box of
the country.
But, sir, these Senators tell us that this ma-
jority is much less than that by which their
political friends were overwhelmed the year
before. That is true ; and I think the reason
may be said to be this: When this last expres-
sion of opinion was taken by these jurors sit-
ting in the national jury-box they tried local
State issues; their opinions were partially col-
ored by national policy, ami were so far colored
as to overwhelm the opponents of Congress.
But when were the issues joined between the
President and Congress tried? Why, sir, man-
ifestly when the members of Congress returned
to their constituencies for an approval or a dis-
approval of their conduct. One year ago last
autumn these public servants went home to
their constituencies. There had occurred a
direct conflict between tlm Executive ot this
nation and the Representatives of the people.
The President took an appeal to the people
and peregrinated all over this country, from the
Atlantic to the Mississippi, making speeches
in favor of his own policy, supported by lead-
ing members of his Administration.
The members of Congress went home in a
more humble capacity and joined issue with
the President; and the jury impaneled in that
case returned majorities far exceeding the ma-
jorities by which these members had been pre-
viously elected. .They decided, therefore, the
issues between Congress and the Presidefit the
year before, when the men who sustained the
President's policy were buried so far beneath
the flood that they could hardly hope for a res-
urrection. Now they find they have not been
so badly beaten when the questions decided
are more of a local than of a general char-
acter; but that, nevertheless, the people have
recorded a verdict against them numbering m
the aggregate a majority of more than one
hundred and thirty-four thousand. Then, sir,
why do not these ten Senators join with the
forty-three and carry out this most recently
expressed will of our countrymen recorded at
the ballot-box?
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, in the year
1854 a bill passed the Congress of the United
States to organize the Territory of Nebraska.
Before the passage of that organic act, if neces-
sity had required, a military or provisional gov-
ernment might have been instituted until such
time as Congress should permanently organize
civil government. The limitation of such a
temporary government was fittingly described
by Secretary Seward to Governor Sharkey, of
Mississippi, July 24, 1864:
" The government of the State will be provisional
only until the civil authorities shall be restored with
the approval of Congress."
In that organic act for the organization of
Nebraska it was provided that the right of suf-
rage should only be exercised by citizens of
the United States and such as had declared
their intentions to become citizens, and who
were white males over twenty-one years of
age. Subsequently Congress passed an act to
enable the Territory to adopt a constitution and
apply for admission as a State. That applica-
tion for a State was made at the last session of
the Thirty-Ninth Congress. But before adopt-
ing the constitution of Nebraska, as slavery
had been abolished and society was no longer
divided between citizens and slaves, an act
had become a law affirming that in the Terri-
tory of Nebraska there should be no distinc-
tion on account of color in the cxercise of the
elective franchise. It was claimed that the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution, de-
claring all persons born in the country citizens,
made it proper to open up to equal rights all
the Government domain. This was regarded
as unavoidably necessary, inasmuch as it is
made the duty of Congress to guaranty to
every State in the Union a republican form of
government; and a State could not be repub-
lican in which any class of the citizens were
' excluded from the ballot-box. But inasmuch
as the organic act limited sufirage, having
passed before all persons born in the country
were declared citizens, and Congress having
supreme power over the Territories, when Ne-
braska presented a restricted constitution Con-
gress claimed the right to make its adoption
depend upon the fundamental condition that
there should be no distinction on account of
color in exercising the elective franchise.
But, supposing that Nebraska had sent up
two conflicting constitutions. Then she would
have been met at the very threshold with the
decision of the United States Court in the case
of Luther vs. Borden, 7th Howard, as follows:
"Under this fourth section, fourth article, of the
United States it rests with Congress to decide what
government is the established one in a State. For, as
the United States guaranties to each State a repub-
lican government, Congress must necessarily decide
what government is established m theState boforeit
can determine whether it is republican or not. And
its decision is binding upon every other deportment
of the Government, and could not be questioned in a
judicial tribunal."
But, as no such conflict arose, Congress had
only to decide upon the republicanism of the
constitution, and hence Nebraska is to-day a
State in the American Union, in which all citi-
zens of the United States are charged with equal
duties and are admitted to equal privileges and
blessings. On that basis I am proud to be one
of her Representatives, and will of every other
State entering the Union demand the same
provision.
What, then, was the condition of the ten
seceded States when General Grant received the
sword of General Lee? Or, for example, what
was the condition of South Carolina? In 1861
she had withdrawn from the Government of the
United States her Senators and Representa-
tives ; had levied war upon the Government and
waged it for four years. She had been repre-
sented in a confederacy of States unknown to
and antagonistic to the Government of the
United States. That confederacy had been
blotted from the face of the earth ; its armies
surrendered and all its offices, civil and military,
vacated. No confederate officer had been bound
to the Government of the United States by an
oath of office; but his allegiance had been
pledged against it. The true condition of all
her people, without scarcely an exception, was
that assigned them in the most expressive and
truthful language of the President of the United
States:
" I say the traitor has ceased to be a citizen, and
in joining the rebellion has become a public enemy."
And so she was a conquered public enemy,
with no more show of loyal, legal State gov-
ernment than the adventurers on the frontier
before the organic act passed, for Nebraska.
How, then, could she be restored again to
her place in the Union? She might be held
under military rule or restrained by a provis-
ional government, which should in all respects
conform to the will of the conquering power till
such times as Congress should pass an act to en-
able the people to form a State government, or
till such form of government a« might be impro-
vised for the occasion should be received, exam-
ined, and adopted by Congress. If Congres3
volunteered aform of territorial governmentthe
whole question of who should participate ill
elections and in holding offices would be for their
decision. And when the State thus recon-
structed from the fragments of a rebel organiza-
tion should present a constitution for the adop-
tion of Congress, I would proceed upon the
assumption that all persons born in the United
States are citizens of the same, and are entitled
to equal rights, regardless of race or color; and
if I found a foreigner who had never been natu-
ralized, but who had already fought under the
flag of the Union, I would consider him a cit-
izen, and feel honored in legislating him into
Hie full possession of every American priv-
ilege. And if I found a race of tnen from whose
sweat and blood the lordly estates of Carolina
had been amassed, atid on whose brows had
never fallen the light of freedom—a class who
were true and loyal when the spray was over
them and treason the certain path to favor and
influence—I would enfranchise them without
precedent, amend constitutions, and enact
laws in their favor. In a word, I would prefer
loyalty over treason, and not allow ain rebel
element to enter into that elementary organ-
ization.
To the loyal people I would accord just the
same constitution my own constituents have so
lately received from Congress ; and from the
disloyal withhold only that which I would with-
hold from a rebel of Nebraska who might have
levied war against his State and government.
Instead of deifying intelligence I would decide
that the most ignorant man in ali the land
who. was loyal and true was dearer to the
heart of the nation than the polished and eru-
dite who doubted, was neutral, or a foe. If
the question of investing the soldier with the
elective franchise could have been settled on
the field of battle just after one of those cele-
brated charges in which color made no dis-
tinction and all bloods mingled, then the
intelligence and property qualification would
have gone down as did the rebel lines before
the combined power of loyal men of high and
low degree.
_ If the fangs of slavery had not originally
pierced the Constitution, then, in the first days
of the Union, when citizens were sent out to
claim dominion over the unpeopled Territories
of the nation, it would have been to establish
