4150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
it in connection with the appropriation. I
move to strike out the paragraph at present.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This matter was very
thoroughly examined in the Committee on
Finance at one time, and these complaints
were made of overcharges to individuals. The
rates, I think, from the terminus of the tele-
graph proper on this side to the other are fixed
by law ; but the line is connected with certain
other companies, and the great majority of the
communications go over "the lines of these
other companies, which are associated with
them, before they reach the telegraph line
proper; and although I believe they do not
charge or profess to charge anything more than
the rates fixed by the law for that which goes
over the Atlantic and Pacific telegraph proper,
yet they so manage it in reference to the other
lines as to make up a very large charge for the
whole. That is the exposition of the way tlxey
do it. How far that is correct or proper it is
not for me to say. I know nothing about what
should be the rates, but the fact is that it makes
no sort of difference to us. The Senator from
California is entirely mistaken in calling this
appropriation a bonus. It is not a bonus, and
never has been. There has not been a year
since the telegraph was established that the
Government messages did not amount to more
than $40,000, according to the rates fixed by
law for telegraphic communications to and
from the Pacific coast.
We had Mr. Orton, president'of the com-
pany, before us after we struck this item out
one year. He came before us and explained.
He said that when he became president of the
company he found that there were many abuses
which they were endeavoring to correct; that
they had not been able to find out exactly how
they arose in all cases, but they were satisfied
that they were imposed upon, and that the com-
munity were imposed upon by their own opera-
tives. He was engaged in reforming those
tilings as far as he could. He said, and said
very properly, that it made no difference to
the company whether we appropriated $40,000
dnectly here, as we are obliged to do by law,
or whether we paid the bills for actual mes-
sages sent over the line. To the extent of the
$40,000 they are compelled to transmit the
messages of the Government at fixed rates.
Mr. ANTHONY. Does that fixed rate
include the connections?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know; but
I have not heard of any complaints on the part
ofthe Government. The complaints have been
on the part of individuals. This contract ori-
ginally was made with a view of assisting the
telegraphic company. They did not know how
they would come out, and we engaged by law
to give them ยง40,000 annually for a certain
number of years, and so far the Government
used the telegraph that $40,000 were to be re-
paid in messages. During the war particu-
larly the amount sent over the line, as I un-
derstand, was very considerable; I do not
know how much larger than the $40,000; so
that in reality it is no bonus.
Mr. CONNESS. Forty thousand dollars at
their rates would amount to very little.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know how
far those rates are applied to the Government;
but I do not know of any complaint on the
part of the Government of any imposition.
Possibly they may have dealt with_ the Gov-
ernment on different terms. But it is of no
use for us to strike out the appropriation, as we
found. It has been appropriated this year for
the current year in another bill. The striking
out one year was by way of experiment, in
order to get an explanation. We thought it
best to strike it out and see what could be done;
but it was ascertained, from the very fact that
the Government had more telegraph dispatches
than would amount to $40,000, that it was no
use for us to attempt to punish them by break-
ing our contract to give them $40,000 a year.
So far as the stipulations of the contract on
their part are concerned to the Government,
they have performed them. These complaints
of individuals must be met by individuals as
they can : they afford no excuse, in my judg-
ment, for the Government breaking its contract
to pay them so much a year, to be repaid in
telegraphic dispatches. It has been repaid,
and more.
As I said before, it amounts to nothing if we
refuse to make this appropriation, for we have
to make it in another way, to enable the Gov-
ernment to pay its bills, so that nothing will be
accomplished. I think, therefore, it is better
to let the appropriation remain. We found by
very thorough examination that nothing can be
accomplished in that way.
Mr. CONNESS. I suppose that if we do
not make the appropriation now it will be
made in another bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Not this year.
Mr. CONNESS. Not this year, undoubt-
edly, but we shall pay the amount of money.
I know we refused to make the appropriation
on a previous occasion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is the very occa-
sion we refused it; and here is a deficiency
bill brought in to make it up.
Mr. CONNESS. The case stands, never-
theless, as a great hardship; and I am not
willing to admit that the Government cannot
regulate the rates to be charged over this line.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Congress is to do it,
if anybody; the executive Government can-
not do it, and the executive Government owes
this money.
Mr. CONNESS. I mean Congress when I sny
the Government, fori believe it has been gen-
erally acknowledged by this time that Con-
gress at least makes up a considerable portion
of the Government. I think a provision at-
tached to this appropriation, if there was time
to get it up, or if the committee's attention
had been brought to it, would be a very healthy
proceeding. The State of California agreed
to pay $6,000 per annum for ten years in the
same way to encourage the construction of
this line ; but the public money they have re-
ceived, and the assurances that they receive
for it, have only enabled them to set up a tariff
of charges on the people which are onerous
and oppressive. They are thus also enabled,
whenever any company undertakes to con-
struct another line, to buy it out and sup-
press it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If anything could be
accomplished by it, I would be perfectly will-
ing to try the experiment as I did once before.
Mr. CONNESS. I withdraw the amend-
ment now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing of the hill will proceed.
The Chief Clerk read the next items of the
bill, as follows:
Construction branch of the Treasury Depart-
ment:
For constructing the custom-house at Portland,
Maine, Sot) 000.
For constructing the court-house at Portland,
Maine, $50,000. .
For constructing appraisers stores at 1 hiiadel-
phia, $25,000.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to have the
chairman give some information as to the two
items just read in regard to Portland, Maine.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Those items
are for deficiencies in the appropriations for
the new buildings in process of erection at
Portland for a court-house and custom-house
to supply those destroyed by the great fire
there. The architect in his report to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury states the necessity of it.
Mr. CONNESS. This is to replace build-
ings destroyed by fire in that city?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONNESS. Then it is all right.
The reading of the bill was continued. The
next amendment of the Committee on Ap-
propriations was after the appropriation of
$27,500 for completing certain portions of the'
Washington aqueduct to strike out the follow-
ing proviso in lines two hundred and twenty-
five, two hundred and twenty-six, two hun-
dred and twenty-seven, and two hundred and
twenty-eight:
Provided,, That the sum shall be in full of all
claims against the Government for work done or
damages incurred on the Washington aqueduct, and
all work on said aqueduct shall be forthwith discon-
tinued.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to this part of the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope the Sena-
tor will allow the question to be taken on this,
and he can propose his amendment afterward.
Mr. HARLAN. Very well.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. Now I offer this amend-
ment to come in after the lines just stricken
out:
For salary of assistant engineer, superintendence,
and repairs, for the year ending June 30, lboa.
The amendment was agreed to.
The reading of the bill was continued.
The next amendment was to strike out from
lines two hundred and twenty-nine to two hun-
dred and thirty-three, in the following words :
Bock Island arsenal:
For the erection of a bridge to connect Bock Isl-
and arsenal with the city of Rock Island, Illinois,
ยง20,000; said bridge to be constructed and completed
for the sum hereby appropriated.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
two hundred and forty-one :
To supply a deficicncy for reporting and printing
the proceedings of the Senate in the Daily falobe,
$15,000.
"The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines two hun-
dred and fifty-eight and two hundred and fifty-
nine, to strike out "$10,180 68" and insert
" $2,000 so as to make the clause read:
To reappropriato an unexpended balance of an
appropriation made by act approved August 5,1864,
"to refund to the Stato of California expenses in-
curred in suppressing Indian hostilities,'' said bal-
ance having lapsed and been covered into the Treas-
uiy on tile 30th of Juno, 1863, ยง2,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two hun-
dred and eighty-nine, to strike out the word
"in" after "deficiency," and insert "for
steamship mail;'' so as to make the clause
read :
For deficiency for steamship mail service between
the United States and Brazil during the fiscal year
ending June 30,1SG6, $12,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have an amendment,
to come in after line three hundred and nine-
teen, to which I think there will be no objec-
tion, and I may as well offer it now:
For continuing thefilling and grading of the Capi-
tol grounds, under the direction of the architect of
the Capitol extension, $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Committee on Appropriations proposed,
in the second section of the bill, after the word
" Washington," in line twenty-two, to insert
"any part of which is to be paid for by the
United States."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to amend the
second section by striking out, in lines nine-
teen and twenty, the words "repealed and
no" and inserting "so modified that the;"
by striking out in line twenty-two the words
"any part of," and inserting "authorized by
said act;" by striking out, in lines twenty-
three and twenty-four, the words "shall here-
after be made until an appropriation shall have
been made therefor, and such appropriation
when made," and inserting "hereafter" after
" shall,y ill line twenty-five ;" so as to make
the section read :
Sec. 2. And lye it further enacted. That the chief
engineer ot the Arniyshall reimburse to the corpora-
tion ofthe city ot Washington tor expenses incurred
in improving the property of the General Uovcrn-
ioJ1? 111 >s. olty' I>ro\ isions of act of May 15,
1861, and m accordance with the recommendation of
the {secretary of W ar, in book of estimates of appro-
priations, pages 244 and 245, $296,913 88: Provided,
In at scetion fifteen of an act entitled " An act to
incorporate the city of Washington and to repeal all
acts heretofore passedfor tiiat purpose," approved
May lo, ISLU; and section three of an act approved
May o, IStU, entitled "An act to amend an ;iet to
incorporate the inhabitants cf the city of Washing-
ton, passed May lo, 1820," are hereby so modified
that the improvements of the streets, alleys, avenues
or other property of the United States, in the city of
