44
SUPPLEMENT TO
Demeanor is conduct, and he is guilty of mis-
demeauor who misdemeans or misconducts.
The power of impeachment, so far as the Pres-
ident is concerned, was inserted in the Consti-
tution to secure "good behavior,n to punish
il misconduct," to defend u the community
against the incapacity, negligence, or perfidy
of the Chi^f Magistrate,'1 to punish " abuse of
power,'1 "treachery," "'corrupting his elect-
ors or, as Madison declared, "for any act
which might be called a misdemeanor."* And
public trust and employment. This is usually pun-
ished by the method of parliamentary impeachment.
(Vol. 4, p. 121.)
(See Prescott s Trial, Massachusetts,1821, pp. 79-80,
109, 117-20,172-180, 191.)
On Chase's Trial the defense conceded that "to
mi^bchavo or to misdemean is precisely the same."
(2 Chase's Trial, 145.)
* From 2 Madison's Papers, 1153, &c.
July 20,1787.
The following clause, relative to the President,
being under consideration:
"To be removable on impeachment and conviction
for malpractice or neglect of duty.
44 Mr.Pinckncy moved to strike this out, and said,
*He ought not to bo impeachable while in office.'
"Mr.Darce. If he be not impeachable while in
office he will spare no efforts or means whatever to
get himself reelected. He considered this as an es-
sential security for the good behavior of the Exec-
utive.
"Mr. Wilson concurred.
44 Mr. Gouverncur Morris. lie can do no criminal
act without coadjutors, who may be puuished. In
case he should be reelected that willbo a sufficient
proof of his innocence. Besides, who is to impeach?
Is the impeachment to suspend his functions ? If it
is not the mischief will go on.
44 Colonel Mason. No point is of more importance
than that the right of impeachment should be con-
tinued. Shall any man beabove justice? Above all,
shall that man be above it who can commit the most
extensive injustice?
44 l)r. Franklin was for retaining the clause ae
favorable to the Executive. History furnishes one
example only of a i'lrst Magistrate brought to public
justice. Everybody ciied out against this as uncon-
stitutional. What was the practice boforo this in
cases where the Chief Magistrate rendered himself
obnoxious? Why, recourse was had to assassination,
in which hu was not only deprived of his life, but of
the opportunity of vindicating his character. It
would be tho best way, therefore, to provide in the
Constitution for tho regular punishment of the
Executive where his misconduct should deserve it,
and for his honorable acquittal where ho should be
unjustly accused.
" (t. Morris admits corruption and pome few other
offenses to bo such as ought to bo impeachable, but
thought thocascs ought to beenumerated and defined.
44 Mr. Madison thought it indispensable that some
provision should be made i'or defending tho com-
munity against tho incapacity, negligence, or perfidy
of the Chiet Magistrate. The limitation of tho
period of his service was not a sufficient security,
lie might loso his capacity after his appointment.
Ho might pervert his administration into a scheme
of population or oppression. He might betray his
tru^t to foreign Powers. * * * Incasoofthe
Executive Magistrate, which was to be administered
by a single man, loss of capacity or corruption was
more within tho compass of probable events, and
either of them might bo fatal to the Itopublic.
"Mr. (Jerry urged the necessity of impoachments.
A good magistrate will not fear them. A bad one
ought to be kopt in fear of them. He hoped tho
maxim would never bo adopted hero that the Chief
Magistrate could do no wrong.
& & * It: * $ #
44Mr, Randolph. The propriety of impeachments
was a favorite principle with him. Guilt, wherever
found, ought to be punished. The Executive will
have great opportunities of abusing his power, par-
ticularly in time < f war.
" (r. Morris. The Executive ought to be impeach-
able for trcachery. Corrupting his electors and
incapacity wcro other causes of impeachment. For
the latter he should bo punished not as a man, but as
an officer, and punished only by degradation from
his office.
44 The proposition was agreed to by a vote of eight
States to two."
September 8, 1787.
(From 3 Madison's Papers, 1528.)
"The clausc referring to the Senate the trial of
impeachment against the President for treason and
bribery was taken up.
44 Colonel Mason. Why is the provision restrained
to treason and bribery? Treason, as defined in the
Constitution, will not reach many great and danger-
ous offenses. Hastings is not guilty of treason. At-
tempts to subvert tho Constitution may not be trea-
son as above defined. As bills of attainder, which
have saved the British constitution, are forbidden,
it is the more nccc>sary to extend the power of im-
peachments.
" He moved to add after 'bribery' or' maladmin-
istration.'
"Mr. Madison. So vague a term will be equiva-
lent to a tenure during the pleasure of the Senate.
'* Colonel Ma>on withdrew 4 maladministration*
and substituted 4 other high crimes and misdemean-
or.^ {igainst the State.'
"Agreed to, eight States to three.
44 Mr. Madison objected to the trialof tho President
Mr. Madison afterward maintained that " the
wanton removal of meritorious officers would
subject him (the President) to impeachment
and removal from his own high trust."*
The Constitution declares that'' the judges,
both of the Supreme and inferior courts, shall
hold their commissions during good beha-
vior." f
By a pxiblit law every judge is required to
take an oath as follows:-
" I do solemnly swear that I will administer justice
without respect to persons, and do equal right to the
poor and to the rich; and that I will faithfully and
impartially discharge and perform all the duties in-
cumbent on me as judge, &e., aocording to tho best of
my abilities and understanding, agreeably to the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States. So help me
flod."}
By another public law—the Constitution—
the President is" required to take an oath that
he will " faithfully execute,the office of Presi-
dent of the United States, and will to the be&t
of his ability preserve, protect, and defend the
Constitution of the United States."
These oaths are public laws defining duties,
<ind a violation of them is an impeachable mis-
demeanor, for Judge Blackstone says :
" A crime or misdemeanor is an act committed or
omitted in violation of wpublie law, either forbidding
or commanding it.''(I
The Constitution contains inherent evidence,
by the Sonate, especially as he was to be impeached
by the other branch of the Legislature; and for any
act which mightbecalled a misdemeanor. ThePres-
ident, under theso circumstances, was made improp-
erly dopendent. He would prefer theSupreme Court
for the tiial of impeachments." * * * *
" Mr. Williamson thought there was more danger
of too much lenity than of too much rigor."
The subject of impeachment will also be found re-
ferred to under tho following dates in 1787, to wit:
May 28, June 2, June 18, July 18, August C, August
'J), August 22, September 4, and beptember 17. The
propositions submitted declared officers impeachable
44 formal and corrupt conduct,"" for treason, bribery,
or corruption," 44for treason or bribery." But tho
Constitution Anally rejected all these limitations,
and gave tho largest power of impeachment known
to parliamentary law so far as it relates to misde-
meanors.
* On the 16th June, 1789, on tho bill to establish a
Depaitxnent of Foreign Affairs, Mr. Madison said in
Congress*. "Perhaps tho greatdangor" * *
* "of abuse in tno executive power lies in the im-
proper continuanco ot bad men in office. But the
power we contend for will not enable him to do this;
ior if an unworthy man be continued in office by an
unworthy President, the House of Representatives
can at any time impeach him, and tho Scnato can
remove him whethor the President chooses or not.
Tho danger then consists merely in this: the Presi-
dent can displace from office a man whose merits re-
quire that Ho should be continued in it. What will
l>e tho motives which the President can feel for such
abuse of his power and the restraints that operate to
prevent it? In the iirst place, he will bo impeach-
able by tho Rouse before the Senate for such an act
o£ maladniinintration; for I contend that tho wanton
removal of meritorious officers would subject him to
impeachment and removal from hisjown high trust."
(4 Eliot's Debates, 380.)
f A statute of Henry VIII, providing for the ap-
pointmcntofacwatos rotuLorum and clerk of the peace
for tho several counties of England, provides that
the cuntoB shall hold his office until removed, and the
clerk of tho peace durante se bene {teeserit. It recites
that ignorant persons had got-in by unfair moans.
And so is tho tenure of judges in England by tho
Declaration of Right. The tenure dm ante, &c.', was
introduced to enable a removal to be made for mis-
behavior.— (2 Chase's Trial, 337.) By act of 13 Wil-
liam 3, c. 2, s. 3, tho commission of every judge runs
" qnamdiu se bene gpHDPrit."—(2 Chase's Trial, 255, 336,
3-12, 38(5.) See p. 145 Peck's Trial, 427. whore Buch-
anan said: "Judges hold during good behavior—
official misbehavior is impeachable. What is mis-
behavior? We are bound to prove that therespond-
ent has violated the Constitution or some known law
of the land. This was the principle deduced from
Chase's Trial in opposition to the principle" * *
* * "thatin order to render an officer impeach-
able he must be indictable."
+ Act of September 24,17i
402.
1 Stat. 76; Chase's Trial,
li " At common law an ordinary*violation ofapublic
statute, even by one not in office, though the statute
in terms provides no punishment, is an indictable
misdemeanor." (Bishop's MS. letter to a member of
the Judiciary Committee, citing 1 Bishop Cr.Law, 3d
ed.. 187,535.''
The term "misdemeanor" covers every act of "mis-
behavior,'' in the popular sense.
"Misdemeanor in office and misbehavior in office
mean the same thing." (7 Dane's Abridgement, 365.)
Misbehavior, therefore, which is mere negation of
" good behavior," is an express limitation of the office
of a judge. (See North American Review for Octo-
ber, 1862.)
Alexander Hamilton, in discussing the judicial
" tenure of good behavior," and the remedy in cases
therefore, that as to judges they should be im-
peachable when their behavior is not (jood—&\\&
the Senate are made the exclusive judges of
what is bad behavior.
The words "good behavior" are borrowed
from the English laws and have been construed
there in a way to enlarge the scope of impeach-
ment to a wide range. They were first intro-
duced into an Knglish statute to procure the
removal of officers who, on trial, might prove
too ignorant to perform their duties.
These general views are sustained by the
opinions of the framers of the Constitution,
declared by themselves in convention, by Mad-
son* in the Virginia convention of 1788, and
by Alexander Hamilton! in the Federalist,
of "judiciary encroachments on the legislative au-
thority" by pronouncing laws unconstitutional, says:
*'It may, in the last place, be observed that the
supposed danger of judiciary encroachments on the
legislative authority, which has been upon many
occasions reiterated, is, in reality, a phantom. Par-
ticular misconstructions and contraventions of the
will of the Legislature may now and then happen,
but they can never be so extensive as to amount to
an inconvenience, or in any sensible degree to affect
the order of the political system. This may be in-
ferred with certainty, from the general nature of the
judicial power; from the objects to which it relates;
from the manner in which it is exercised; from its
comparative weakness; and from its total incapacity
to support its usurpations by force. t And the infer-
ence is greatly fortified by the consideration of the
important constitutional check which the power of
instituting impeachments in one part of the legisla-
tive body, and of determining upon them in the other,
would give to that body upon the members of the
judicial department. $his is alone a complete secu-
rity. There never can bo danger tiiat the judges, by
a series of deliberate usurpations on the authority of
the Legislature, would hazard the united resentment
of the body intrusted with it, while this body was
possessed of the power to punish them for their pre-
sumption by degrading them from their stations.
Whilothis ought to remove all apprehensions on the
subject, it affords, at the same time, a cogent argu-
ment for constituting the Senate a court for the trial
of impeachment." (Federalist, No. 81.)
Impeachment is not merely nor necessarily puni-
tive only, but it may, and often must be, protective.
The safety of the public may demand its exercise in
cases whore there has been no intentional wrong but
only a mistako of judgment. The Republic cannot
be suffered to perish or its great interests to be put
in peril from any tender regard for individual feel-
ings or errors.
And Thomas Jefferson evidently held that judges
were impeachable for assumptions of power. (Let-
ter to Mr. Jarvis, September 28,1820; and see Jack-
son's veto message on the bank bill.)
*4'Were the President to commit anything so
atrocious as to summon only a few States (to con-
sider a treaty) he would be impeached and convicted,
a/t a majority of the States would be affected by his mis-
demeanor.''
And again:
"Mr. Madison, adverting to Mr. Mason's objection
to tho President's power of pardoning, said it would
be extremely improper to vest it in the House of
Representatives, and not much less so to place it in
the Senate, because numerous bodies wcro actuated
more or less by passion, and might, in the moment
of vengeance, forget humanity. It was an estab-
lished practice in Massachusetts for the Legislature
to determine in such enses.
"It was found, says he, that two different sessions,
before each of which the question came, with respect
to pardoniag the delinquents of tho rebellion, were
governed precisely by different sentiments—the one
would execute with universal vengeance and the
other would extend general mercy.
"There is one security in this ease to which gen-
tlemen may not have adverted: if the President be
connected in any suspicious manner with any per-
sons, and there be grounds to believe he will shelter
himself, the House of Representatives can impeach
him; they can remove him if found guilty; they can
suspend him when suspected, and the power will de-
volve on the Vice President. Should he fee suspected
also he may, likewise, be suspended till he be im-
peached and removed, and the Legislature shall
make a temporary appointment. This is a great
security." (Debates of the Virginia Convention,
printed at the Enquirer Press for Richey, Worsley &
Augustine Davis, 1805, pp. 353-4; 11 Howell, statute
seven, 733.)
fin the Federalist, No 65, he says:
"The subject of its jurisdiction are those offenses
which proceed from the misconduct of public men, or,
in other words, from the abuse or violation of some
public trust. They arc of a nature which may, with
peculiar propriety, bo denominated political, as they
relate chiefly to injuries done immediately to the
society itself."
"What," it, may be asked, "is the true spirit of the
institution itself? Is it notdeeigned as a method of
national inquest.into the conduct of public men?
If this be thodesign of it who can so properlybe the
inquisitors for tho nation as the representatives of
the nation themselves ? It is not disputed that the
power of originating the inquiry, or, in other words,
of preferring the impeachment, ought to be lodged
in one branch of the legislative body; will not the
reasons which indicate the propriety of this arrange-
