THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
45
who says that " several of the State constitu-
tions have followed the example" of Great
Britain. And up to that time the State con-
stitutions had adopted the British system with
only some modifications, but none of them
reeegnizing the idea that impeachment was
limited to indictable acts, but all affiiming
" that the subjects of this jurisdiction were
offenses of a political nature."* Some of
these constitutions limited impeachment to
" mal and corrupt conduct in oiiice," or, as in
the New York constitution of 1777, to "venal
and corrupt conduct in office," while the Con-
stitution of the United States discarded all
these limitations and gave the power in the
broadest terms. It is said this provision in
the Constitution of the United States was
copied from that of New Yorlc.f If so, the
change of phraseology is significant.
These general views are supported by the
elementary writers, without exception, up to
the last year.
Curtis, in bis History of the Constituiton,J
says:
" Although an impeachment may involve an iu-
quiry, whether a crime against any positive law has
been committed, yet it is not necessarily a trial for
crime, nor is there any necessity, in the case of crimes
committed by public officers, for the institution of
any special proceeding for the infliction of the pun-
ishment prescribed by the laws, since they, like all
other persons, are amenable to the ordinary jurisdic-
tion of the courts of justice, in respect of ofieuscs
ment strongly plead for an Admission of the other
branch of that body to a share ot the inquiry ? The
model irom. which the idea of this institution has
been borrowed pointed outthatcourso to theeonven-
tion. In GreatBritainitistheprovmceot the House
of Commons to prefer the impeachment and of the
House of Louis to decide upon it. Several of the
State constitutions have followed the example. As
well the latter as the former seem to have regarded
the practice of impeachments as a bridle in the hands
of the legislative body upon the executive servants
of the Government. Is not this the true light in
which it is to be regarded." *
To what extent this wi iter contemplated the exer-
tion ot this power is not left in doubt. In the succeed-
ing number of the same commentary he observes:
"The convention might with propriety have medi-
tated the punishment of the Executive for a devia-
tion from the instructions of the Senate or a want of
integrity in the conduct of the negotiations commit-
ted to him," eleaily not statutory offenses.*
"■Thus, in that of Virgiuia, established in 1776, is
seen this provision: " The Governor, when hois out
ol office, and others offending against the State, either
by maladministration, coiruption, or other means,
shall be impeachable by the House of Delegates."
In the same year,in thesueceeding mouth, Delaware
provided in her constitution that "the President
when he is out of office, and eighteen months there-
after, and ail others offending against the State,
cither by maladministration, corruption, or other
means, by which the safety of the Commonwealth
may be endangered, shall be impeachable by the
House of Assembly." So North Carolina two months
later provided in her constitution: " The Governor
and other olhcers offending against the State by
violating any part of this constitution, mftladmmis -
tration, or corruption may be prosecuted on the im-
peachment of the General Assembly, or presentment
of thegrandjury ot any couitoi supiume jurisdiction
in this State."
The constitution of Connepticut is stated to contain
a provision "to call to account lor any misdemeanor
and maladministration." That of New York pio~
vides : "The power of impeaching all officers of the
State for mal and corrupt conduct in their respective
olhces is \ ebted in the representatives of the people
in Assembly," and the trial is declared to be tor
"crimes and misdemeanors." So, in the elaborate
constitution ot Massachusetts, the eighth article de-
clares: " The Senate shall be a court with full au-
thority to hear and determine all impeachments made
by the House of llepresentatives against any otticer
or officers of the Commonwealth for misconduct and
maladministration in their ofiices." Hence, ii will
be remarked, that in all of the State constitutions to
which we have had access, formed prior to that ot the
United States, the impeachable offenses are of a
nature which may with peculiar propriety be denom-
inated " political." In neither of them are the sub-
jects of impeachment mere "btatulor> offenses."
This minute recurrence to the constitutions of several
States will not be deemed inappropriate when it is
remembered that they are not only the most authentic
evidence of the public sense of our country at an early
period, but because, in the formation of the Eedeial
Constitution, their provisions should have a con-
trolling influence on the minds of their delegates Lo
the general convention, seeking to commend it to
their adoption by ingraiting into it parts of their own
systems, and thus imparting to it the well-ascertained
spirit and prudence of those who, if adopted, wore to
be its constituents." (From an able article by John
C. Hamilton, Esq..)
f Vol. 6 Am. Law Reg. N. S. 277; "Wharton's State
Trials. 287.
$ Curtis's Hist, of Const., 26fr-l; 5 Eliot, 507-529.
against positive law-. The purposes of an impeachment
Up wholly beyotul the penalties of the statute or the cus-
tomary law. The object of the proceeding is to ascer-
tain whether cause exists for removing a public officer
front o-tfice. Such a cause may be found in the fact,
that either in the discharge of his office, or aside
from its functions, he has violated, a law, or com-
mitted what is technically denominated a crime.
But a cause for removal from office may exist where
no offense against positive law has been committed,
as where the individual has from immorality, or
imbecility, or maladministration become unfit to exer-
cise the oMce. The rules by which an impeachment
is to be determined are therefore peculiar, and are
not fully embraced by those principles or provis-
ions of law which courts of ordinary jurisdiction are
required to administer."
Sclden says:
"Upon complaints and accusations of the Com-
mons the Lords may proceed m judgment against the
delinquent of what degrco soever and what nature
soever the offense be. For where the Commons com-
plain the Lords do not assume to themselves trial
at common law. Neither do the Louis, at the trial of
a common impeachment by the Commons, decedere
clc jure sua, (depart from their own law.) For the
Commons are there instead of a jury, and the par-
ties* uiibwcr, and examination of witnesses are to be
in their presence, or they to have copies thereof; and
judgment is not to be given but upon their demand,
which is instead of a verdict, so the Lords do only
judge, not try the delinquent." (Selden's Judicature
in Parliaments, London, 1081, p. 6.)
Story says:*
"Congress havo unhesitatingly adopted the con-
clusion that no previous statute is necessary to au-
thorize an impeachmentlor any official misconduct."
* * * -*• "In the icw, cases of impeach-
ment which have hitherto been tried no one of the
charges has rested upon any statutable misdemean-
or." ~ 4 >-  • * X St
" The reasoning by which the power of the House
of llepresentatives to punish lor contempts (which
are bleaches ot pimlege and o ileuses not defined by
any positive laws) has been uphold by the Supreme
Court, stands upon similar grounds; lor if the House
had no jurisdiction to punish tor contempts until the
acts had been previously defined and ascertained by
positive law, it is cl^ar that the process of arre&t
would be illegal." (Dennvs. Anderson, 0 Wheat., 204.)
"In examining the parliamentary history ot im-
peachments, it will be lound that many offenses not
easilv definable by law, and many of a purciypoliti-
cal character, have been deemed high crimes and
misdomeanois worthy oi thisextiaordinaryremedy."f
"There are many ottenso<s, puiely political, which
havo been held to be within the reach of parlia-
mentary impeachments, not one of which is, in the
slightest manner, alluded to in our statute-books.
And, indeed, political offenses arc of so various and
complex a character, ^o utterly incapable of being
defined or classified, that the task of positive legis-
lation would bo impracticable, it it were not almost
absurd to attempt it. What, lor instance, could
positive legislation do in cases ot impeachment like
the charges against Warren Hastings, in 1788? Ke-
sort then must be had either to parliamentary prac-
tice, and the common law, in order to ascertain what
are high crimes and misdemeanors, or the whole
subject must be left to the arbitrary discretion of the
Senate for the time being. The latter is so incom-
patible with the genius of our institutions that no
lawyer or stateman would be inclined to counte-
nance so absolute a depotism of opinion and practice,
which might make that a crime at one time or in
one person, which would be deemed innocent at
another time or in another person. The only safe
guide in such cases must be the common law." •*
* * * "Andhowevcrmuchitmay fallinwitn
the political theories of certain statesmen and jurists
to deny the existence of a common law belonging to
and applicable to the nation in ordinary cases, no
one has an yet been bold enough to assert that the power
of impeachment is limited to offenses positively
defined in the statute-book of the Union, as impeach-
able high crimes and misdemeanors."J.
< 1 Story on Const., sec. 799. Inanotchesays: "It
mav be supposed that the first chargo in tho articles
of impeachment against William Blount was a stat-
utable offence; but on an accurate examination of
the act ot Congress of 1790, it will be found not to
have been so."
11 Story on Const., sec. 800. He proceeds to cite
numerous cases.
f. 1 Story on Conpt., sec. TOT.
R:iw1l\ in hiw woilc on the Constitution, says: the
delegation of important trusts affecting the highor
intcrests of society is always fioiu various causes
liable to abuse. Tho fondness frequently folt for the
inordinate extension of power, the influence of party
and of prejudice, the seductions of foreign States, or
the baser appetite for illegitimate emoluments, aic
sometimes productions of what are not inaptly
termed political oli'onses, (Federalist, No. 65,) which
it would bediflieultto take cognizanceof in tho ordi-
nary course of judicial proceeding.
" the involnt ions and varieties ot vice are too many
and too artful to bo anticipated by positive law."
(Kawle on Const., 200.)
"In general, those offenses which may be com-
mitted eaually by a private person as by a public
officcr are not the subjects ol impeachment, (lb.,
We may perceive in thisseheme one useful mode
of removing from office him who is unworthy to fill
it, in cases where the people andsomotimeB thelPies-
Neitlier in Congress no-r in any State'-has
any statute been proposed to define impeach-
able crimes: so uniform has been the opinion
that none was necessary, even in those States,
few in number, where common-law crimes do
not exists .
The assertion, "that* unless the crime is
specifically named in the Constitution, imp
peaclmients, like indictments, can only be in-
stituted for crimes committed against the statu-
tory law of the United States," is a view not
yet a year old, which has not been held at any
prior time, either in England or America.
It would certainly seem clear that impeach-
ments are not necessarily limited to acts-in-
dictable by statute or common law, and that
it would be impossible for human prescience
or foresight to define in advance by statute
the necessary subjects of impeachments. The
Constitution contemplated no such absurd im-
possibility. It.may be said there is dangorin
leaving to the Senate a power so undefined.
It was because of this danger that the power
has been limited as it is by the Constitution,
and experience has shown that the limitations
are more than sufficient.
The whole system of common-law crimes,
as it exists in England, aiid in almost every
State of the Union, is the result of a judicial
power equally undefined.
The system of impeachment is to be governed
by great general principles of right, and it is
less probable that the Senate will depart from
these, than that the whole Legislature would in
the enactment of a law, or than courts in estab-
lishing the common law.f
ideut himself would be unable to accomplish that
object.-" (Ib., 208.)
Chancellor Kent, in discussing j£e subject of im-
peachment, says: "The Constitution has rendered
him [the President] directly amenable by law For
maladministration. The inviolability of any officer
of tho Government is incompatible with the repub-
lican theory as wellaswitli tho prineiptesof retribu-
tive justice.
"If the President will use the authority of his sta-
tion to violate the Constitution or law of the land,
the IIouso of Representatives can arrest him in his
career by resorting to the power of impeachment."
(1 Kent's Com., 289.)
* Vol. 6 Am. Law Keg., N. S.  269.
f The Constitution has made the Senate, like the
House of Lords, solejudge of what the law is, assum-
ing their wisdom to be equal to that of the common
law courts. (2 Hale's P. C., 27G; Barclay's Digest,140;
Constitution, article one, section three.) This is ne-
cessarily so; lor though some statutory and common
law ciimes arc impeachable, yet not all of them are,
and the Senate decides which are and are not. It is
said if the impeachable crimes are not defined bylaw
the power of impeachment will be undefined and
dangerous. The power to determine impeachable
crimes by tho Senate is no more undefined than the
power of the common law courts to determine com-
mon-law crimes. Impeachment is regulated by prin-
ciples as well defined and permanently settled as the
fundamental and eternal docttincs of right, reason,
and justice pervading the parliuuientaiv jurispru-
dence of civilized nations, and, liko the common law,
it has emerged Irom primeval errors and adapted
itself to an advanced civilization. The danger of im-
pel iling the safety of nations in measuring parlia-
mentary law by the rule which defines wrongs to in-
dividuals is infinitely greater than the evils which
can flow from recognizing the law of impeachment
as a parliamentary system resting upon its own solid
foundations. , „ .
The rulewhich allows impeachments for indictable
acts enables tho legislative depaitment or the Benato
alone to declare trivial offenses impeachable while
the parliamentary law limiting impeachableoffensea
to misdemeanors affecting the nation ialess latitudin-
arian and attended with less danger of abuse. When
impeachment is employed to remove officers for will-
ful violation of the Constitution or laws, for exercis-
ing the powers of Congress, or the judiciary for per-
forming acts affecting the nation unauthorized by
law, for refusing to execute laws requiring thatd«ty,
for a perversion of lawful powers to accomplish un-
constitutional objects—these are— .
"Offenses as tangible and as capable of being
measured by fixed rules as any lelony defined in
criminal laws." , . ..
: And this is as definite and no.less, latitudmarian
l than the common law itself, which is the periec-
I tion of reason" as determined by courts. Lor even
j in England not all common-law offenses are lmpeach-
j able, but only such of them (along with others not
; indictable) as by parliamentary usage or popular
! sense rise to the dignity oi "high" misdemeanors,
i and of this the House of Lords are the sole judges.
I (Peck's Trial, 10 Leiden, Judicature in Parliaments,
0; 2 Hale's P.O., 275; Barclay's Digest, 140.)
On the trial of Judge Prescott, in Massachusetts,
in 1821, Mr. Shaw said: " The security of our rights
depends rather upon tho general tenor and charac-
ter than upon particular provisions of our Constitu-
