1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3127
because he was a soldier, upon a general pre-
sumption that he had not lived in the District
of Columbia a year; not as you would inquire
as to the right of A, B, and 0 to vote in t,he
District, but upon the general proposition that
the entire company or companies were to be
excluded. It is proposed now in this bill to
legalize that transaction ; in other words, to
put men in office who are not elected (for I
deny that that election can be called in ques-
tion as was proposed in this business) for party
purposes. It is not to be tolerated in this coun-
try that the votes of men, after they have been
received, after they have passed all the tests
that the law provides, shall be taken from the
box and not counted by an executive board.
It cannot be endured. The interests of neither
party will endure that. It is the right of every
man that these votes shall be counted after
their legality has Keen ascertained in the mode
prescribed by the law.
Mr. President, the law as it stood at the
time of the election and at the time the certifi-
cates were given, was that the certificate of the
board of election should be the evidence of the
election of an alderman ; it should be the evi-
dence of the election of a member of the coun-
cil. That was the evidence provided. This
bill proposes that the register's notification
shall be the evidence. Why shall that be inter-
posed now ? Has not this certificate gone to
the register, and has he any evidence beyond
the certificate? Has he any evidence beyond
the certificate that has gone to 'the aldermen
and to the council? None. Hewas not atthe
election. He is not made by law an appellate
tribunal to decide whether these soldiers were
legal voters. It is now proposed that a new
officer, never authorized to review the proceed-
ingsof an election, having no judicial authority,
but a register to simply place on file these
papers, may review this; that he may set aside
the election ; that he may give a certificate that
the law did not allow him to give at the time
the election took place ; that he may reverse
the evidence upon which men are entitled to
their offices. As well may the Legislatures of
your States after you, Senators, have been
elected and the Secretary of State, under the
seal of the State, has evidenced to this body
your right to hold your seats, provide thatsome
partisan may issue a certificate that shall be of
higher authority, upon which you shall be
turned from your positions in this body. Sir,
it is notright. This bill is not right.
As to the question who is elected, let it be
ascertained judicially. If the law as it now
stands does not give to any of the courts the
power to make the inquiry, I will vote very
cheerfully to give the courts the necessary au-
thority. If there has been fraud in this elec-
tion, let us know it. If it ought not to stand
let the court say so, but not a partisan, not n
register. Who is the register, and why shall
he decide and revise and review? How is be
known to us? Upon what principle do we
undertake to say that the evidence which made
the title to the office good at the time shall be
set aside by the decision of the register in this
city?
Mr. President, I propose that this bill shall
be recommitted to the committee, with instruc-
tions to report amendments providing that the
person having the evidence of his election to
any office as provided by the law in force at the
time of the election, shall be entitled to enter
upon the discharge of the duties of the office,
and to hold the same until his prima facie
right thereto may be set aside by judicial pro-
ceedings. My proposition is simply this: that
as the evidence required by the law established
a prima facie right at the time of the election,
so it shall stand until judicial proceedings shall
set that prima facie right aside and Congress
shall not undertake to legislate one man into
office and another out. This election has not
been satisfactory. That is very well known;
but I do not choose here to discuss it. Some
facts are within my knowledge that are very
offensive, in my judgment, to men who desire
honest elections ; but I do not understand that
to be a proper inquiry in this body on this bill.
I simply take the law as it stands, and I ask
that the prima facie right shall be respected
until by judicial proceedings itshall be setagide.
This bill is offensive in this: that in regard to
the mayor the prima facie right is to he re-
spected ; in regard to the aldermen, it is to be
otherwise. Is that right? Are Senators will-
ing thus to cut the Gordian knot, in the lan-
guage of the Senator from Massachusetts ?
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator surely does
not intend to misrepresent the bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. No, sir.
Mr. HARLAN. There is nothing of that
kind in the bill, if I am capable of compre-
hending its meaning. The bill does propose
that the men who hold these certificates of
their election shall enter on the discharge of
their duties as aldermen and common council-
men until their right to so hold their offices shall
be set aside by the supreme court, providing
the very thing the Senator himself has proposed
in his proposed instructions to the committee.
The bill as it now stands provides that the
mayor who is prima facie elected, who has
been sworn in according to the previous law,
shall remain mayor until his light shall be
decided in court, and that the aldermen and
councilmen who have the certificates of elec-
tion shall be permitted to hold those offices
until their right shall be set aside.
Mr. HENDRICKS. May I ask the Senator
whatcertificate these men hold?
Mr. HARLAN. A certificate from the regis-
ter of the city, the officer directed by the law
to notify the officers of their elections, as I
read some time since from the charter. If the
Senator will hand the book I will read it
again.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I know all about that.
The Senator need not trouble himself to read
that for the purpose of informing me.
Mr. HARLAN. He is the only officer that
is authorized to certify to an election. The
commissioners make a duplicate return, one to
the mayor of the city, and one to the register
of the city. The law does not direct the mayor
to notify the parties elected or to give them any
certificate whatever, but directs him to publish
in the newspapers the return of the commis-
sioners—nothing more—to make a publication
for the knowledge of the public ; but the law
does direct the register to notify the parties
elected of their election ; so that the register is
the only officer in the city who has the right to
issue a certificate of election. He has done so
to these aldermen and common councilmen,
and this bill provides that they shall hold, as
having the evidence, prima facie, of their right
to these, offices until that right shall be set aside
by the judiciary—the very thing the Senator
himself wants.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The law which the
Senator has in his hand provides that the board
of election shall certify the result of that elec-
tion, and the register is simply the keeper of
that certificate, and when that certificate is ;
filed with him he simply gives notice to the
party of what that certificate contains. He is
not a judge, he is simply a clerk to inform the
party of what has been certified to his office,
that the party may enter upon the discharge
of the duties of the office, not by virtue of his
notice, but by virtue of the certificate which is
conclusive evidence upon the question.
Let me call the attention of the Senator to
a feature in that law which shows that my con-
struction is clearly right. That law provides
that if the vote be the same for the two candi-
dates, then the board shall decide the result
by lot. The board must adjudicate how the
vote stands, what the vote is, and if the vote is
a tie the board is to award the decision by lot, i
take that mode of ascertaining who is to hold ;
the office. There is no force given to this
notice. It is no evidence of title to the office.
The evidence of the party's right to his office
is in the board of aldermen and the board of
councilmen of the city. The election board :
must return to each of those boards a certifi- |
cate of the election, and when the alderman I
goes to take his seat as a member of the board
he does not take it by virtue of the letter of
notice from the register. He presents himself
and demands to hold his seat by virtue of the
certificate that is on file with the board of
aldermen. #
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to ask the
Senator a question.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask him if the alder-
man does not present, bis notice to the board
of which he is a member as evidence of his
right to a seat?
Mr. HENDRICKS. By no means. He may
read it or not.
Mr. WILLIAMS. _ What does he carry with
him to the board to indicate that he is elected?
Does he carry the returns of the election with
him ?
Mr. HENDRTCKS. No, sir.
Mr. WILLIAMS. What does he carry?
Mr. HENDRICKS. The law provides that
those returns shall be on file with the board.
Mr. HARLAN. Not at all.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir; and if the
Senator will send me the book I will show it.
Mr. IIARLAN. It provides that the returns
of the election of mayor shall be made to the
boards of common council and aldermen ;
but that the returns of the aldermen shall be
made to the register.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator will
send me the book I will find it. Here it is:
"Each board shall judge of the legality of the elec-
tions,returns,and qualifications of its own mombers."
Now, I ask Senators if the board is to judge
upon the letter or notice that the register may
send to a member of that board, if that is the
conclusive point upon which they are to be
adjudicate ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I say, if the Senator
addresses himself to me 
Mr. HENDRICKS. No; I did notspecially
address the Senator, but I shall be very happy
to hear him.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will answer, if the
Senator has no objection, that prima facie the
person having that notice is entitled to hig
seat just as much as the Senator is entitled to
his seat in this Senate when he presents the
certificate of his election; but if any person
afterward appears to contest his right to a
seat, then the board may proceed to examine
the evidence upon which that notice was given.
If, however, there is no controversy as to the
right of the party having the notice of his elec-
tion to his seat, he takes his seat by virtue of
having that notice in his possession, and that
is sufficient evidence for that purpose.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, the
return is also to be made to the mayor, who is
also to make a publication of it. Now, I ask
Senators if that proclamation is the evidence
of election? Would any Senator think of pre-
senting that in a court of justice as evidence
of the election? Suppose the question should
arise as to who was elected in a certain ward,
alderman or member of the council, would any
Senator in maintaining an action before the
court undertake to introduce either the notice
of the register or the publication of the mayor?
Clearly not. It is a mere statement from the
original. The certificate of the election by the
election board, the men who count the votes
and declare the result and certify the result,
gives the evidence, and whenever it is con-
tested it must stand upon that.
Now, Mr. President, as I understand the
facts, the board of election in the fifth ward,
having counted the votes, certified the result
of the election. That certificate was placed
on file in the proper offices. Afterward, the
board undertook to review their own certifi-
cate, and to ascertain some additional facts
which they had no jurisdiction of, which they
had no right to consider.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator will allow me
to say that I do not understand that to be the
precise state of the facts in their historical
order. As I have been informed, they made
out one of the copies and sent it to the mayor;
