8128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1%
sttid afterward, in making out the duplicate, in
examining the ballots carefully, tliey made the
discovery I before recited, that if these votes
were illegal that they supposed were illegal,
the effect would be to change the result of the
election, and in making o t the first and only
return to the register of the city, the legal cus-
todian of these documents, they appended to
it affidavits setting forth the facts.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will ask the Senator
from Iowa, before he takes his seat, what evi-
dence the election board received in regard to
the residence of these soldiers?
Mr. HARLAN. I am unable to answer
that. 1 have not looked into it, and I do not
know.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Iunderstand the facts
to be that they declared that all the soldiers
were not legal voters ; that they were all non-
residents ot the District of Columbia, and
excluded the whole of them upon the list of
names which they marked and the ballots which
they marked.
Mr. IIARLAN. I will ask the Senator what
is the evidence of that fact?
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is the statement
which I have not seen controverted. It is about
the same character of evidence that we have
been acting upon in regard to this whole busi-
ness. There is no very satisfactory evidence
to support this bill one way or the other. My
proposition is a lair one, that the prima facie
right shall prevail until the cases are heard in
the courts. If gentlemen desire to do justice
according to the custom in such cases, and what
seems to me at least fair and right, there can
be no objection to this proposition.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from In-
diana, to recommit the bill to the Committee
on the District of Columbia with instructions.
The motion was not agreed to, there being
on a division—ayes 9, noes 24.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now recurs on the amendment offered by
the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis.] ,
Mr. DAVIS. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to hear the
amendment read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment; which
was to insert as an additional section:
And be it further emtclcd, That the mayor of the
city of Washington shall not receive the pay or
emoluments of any other office.
Mr. WILLEY. Ordinarily I think this is a
correct principle when there is a proper case
to which it can be applied ; but Mr. Bowen is
now holding the position of postmaster of this
city, not by virtue of a commission. The term
of his office has expired. He is doing it for
the accommodation of the public. It is not
an office of the same character as that to which
he has been elected. It is not like the instance
mentioned by the Senator from Kentucky of
the Secretary of the Interior acting also now
as Attorney General. If he shall hold the
office any longer of postmaster it will be for
the accommodation of the public, and not
hecause he is holding on to the office at his
own instance, but simply because the Presi-
dent does not appoint some person in his place.
Under these circumstances, if he discharges
forthe public the duties of that office, and also
discharges the duties of the office of Mayor, I
cannot see the propriety of depriving him of
the compensation of both offices under the cir-
cumstances. If the circumstances were dif-
ferent, of course I should have no objection to
the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I suppose if Mr. Bowen was
nominated to the office of postmaster, (hat the
honorable Senator from West Virginia would
vote for the confirmation of the nomination ;
and I presume that every Senator present would
give the same vote. Then he would continue
to receive the pay of mayor, and also the pay
of postmaster. The honorable Senator from
West Virginia assumes the principle that the
President'cannot displace Mr. Bowen.
Mr. WIILLEY. No, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. Do I understand the honor-
able Senator to say that the President can
renveve Mr. Bowen?
Mr. WILLEY. The Senator will under-
stand me to say that Mr. Bowen's term of
service has expired. He is not in office now.
Mr. DAVIS. I will ask the honorable Sen-
ator whether he is in office or out of office
now?
Mr. WILLEY. He is out of office.
Mr. DAVIS. According to the honorable
Senator's position, there is no postmaster iu
the city of Washington. He does not say de
jure or de facto. lie says that the late post-
master is out of office.
Mr. WILLEY. He is discharging the duties
of two offices at the same time.
Mr. DAVIS. Now, Mr. President, where
is the difference in principle? It is now a gen-
eral law of the United States, and has been
for many years, that no man who is in office,
receiving the pay and emoluments of one office,
shall receive thepay and emoluments ofanother
office at the same time. The honorable Sen-
ator has recognized that principle repeatedly
in the Committee on Claims, and has voted
for its application in denying several classes
of officers who charged pay or emoluments for
a second office from making such charge against
the Government. In that he did right. In
that he acted in conformity to a general law
of Congres that has been in force and effect
for many yeai-s, that no individual who holds
one office and is receiving the pay of that office
shall receive the pay of another office at the
same time. Now, sir, suppose the President
of the United States should make another
nomination for this office, and the nominee
was thrown before the Senate, if he were a
Democrat the honorable Senator from West
Virginia would vote against him.
Mr. WILLEY. How does the Senator know
that?
Mr. DAVIS. Judging from what you always
do.
Mr. WILLEY. The Senator know3 very
well that that is not always the case. If he
would extend his recollection no further back
than the last twenty-four hours, it would sat-
isfy him that that statement is not justified by
the facts.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator now refers to his
vote upon the confirmation of the minister to
England.
Mr. WILLEY. I will say further, if the
Senator will allow me, that when Mr. Johnson
turned out every Republican appointed in West
Virginia my colleague and myself agreed to
the confirmation in their places of about half
Democrats.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand the Senator, then,
to assume this position : that when the Presi-
dent of the United States makes a nomination
of a Democrat competent to perform the duties
of postmaster of this city he will vote for his
nomination without regard to bis politics.
Mr. WILLEY. The Senator will under-
stand me, that whenever a nomination is made,
if it suits me, I will vote for it; if it does not, I
will not.
Mr. DAVIS. Exactly; and the nominee
will be sure not to suit the Senator unless he
is a Radical. I do not quarrel with him about
that, and do not object to the honorable Sen-
ator voting for or against the confirmation of
any nomination of the President upon any
consideration which he deems proper. But I
am assuming now what is the fact: that Mr.
Bowen is still postmaster of this city, and that
he will continue to be the postmaster until the
majority of the Senate shall say that he shall
not be the postmaster. The general principle
is simply this, and it is the only principle
involved in the case, that a man shall not be
allowed to receive the pay of two offices at
the same time. That is the principle, and j
every man can comprehend it. It is either !
right or wrong. If it is right in other eases,
it is right also in the case of Mr. Bowen. If
others have to be excluded, lie should be
excluded. If the tenure-of-office bill be legal
and valid in its operation, which I say it id
not, but which the honorable Senator from
West Virginia says is the fact, that man Bowen
is not out of the office of postmaster of this
city ; he is in it; he is in the performance of
its duties ; he is in the receipt of its'pay avid
emoluments, and is so entitled to continue
until a majority of the Senate shall soy that
he shall go by confirming another nomination
made for .the same office by the President of
the United States.
There is no difference in principle between
the case of Mr. Bowen, such as the honorable
Senator from West Virginia sought to draw,
and the case of any other officer who is in
office receiving the pay and emoluments of
one office, and a bill should provide that he
should receive the pay apd emoluments of
another office. I wilt put this question to the
honorable Senator from West Virginia: if
there was a collector of customs or of internal
revenue or any other officer receiving pay and
emoluments, and a proposition was made to
give to that officer the pay and emoluments of
another office, assigning to him the perform-
ance of the duties of another office, would he
vote against a proposition withholding from
that officer the pay and emoluments of the
second otBce, or would he vote that he should
have both? I have 110 doubt the honorable
Senator would vote that he should not have
the pay and emoluments of the second office.
I know no difference of principle or fact be-
tween that case and the case of Mr. Bowen.
Mr. Bowen is mayor of this city, prima facie,
and probably aecordirg to law. At any rate,
he is installed into the office ; he is receiving
the emoluments of that office. He is also
postmaster of the city of Washington ; and I
propose that while he is mayor he shall not
receive the pay and emoluments of the office of
postmaster or any other office. The proposition
is understood by the Senate. If the Senate
intends to beinconsistent, and to give a Repub-
lican Radical favorite the pay of two lucrative
offices, as well as their honors, be it so. I
cannot do anything myself exccpt submit.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 7, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buekalew, Davis, Doolittle.Hend-
ricks, McCreery, Patterson of Tennessee, and Tick-
ers—7.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, CkawJkr, Cole,
Conncss, Corbett, Cragin, ferry, Frelinghuysen,
Harlan, Howard, Howe, Morgan, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Patterson of New Hamp-
shire, Pomeroy, Kamsey, Ross, Sherman, Stewart,
Sumner, Thayer, Tipton,Van Winkle, Wade,Willey,
Williams, Wilson, and Yates—31.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Conkling,
Dixon, Drake, Edmunds, i'essencien, Fowler, Grimes,
Henderson, Johnson, Morton, Norton, Salisbury,
Sprague, and Trumbull—16.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I move to amend the
first section of the bill by striking out the
words "satisfactory evidence," in the fifth
line, and inserting the words "regular official
returns;" so that the section will read:
That whenever any person has received, or shalS
hereafter receive, a certificate from the register of
the city of Washington, based upon regular official
returns furnished by tho commissioners of election,
notifying him of'his election to any elective olEoe
of said city, &e.
This amendment raises directly the true
point involved in this first section. These com-
missioners of election were appointed by the
judges of the supreme court of the District.
Their duties were, under the law, to receive
the votes of persons on the registration lists,
to count the votes, and to make a report to
the mayor of the city, who was to give notice
in the newspapers of the result. They were
then to make a copy or a duplicate of their
return and transmit it to the register. That
was done; and it was after their duties undeF
the law were completed, and upon the day fol-
lowing the election, that a part of these com-
missioners proceeded to make out another
paper or another return. In my judgment,
they had no more right to make it than a
member of the Senate had, because their
