2104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
taring with the loss of all they have invested,
iheir business is crushed out. The largest
refinery in my district,- in which a large amount
of capital was embarked, owned by Samuel
Downfir, whom to any of the "members of the
House have s^en about these Halls, has closed
becausehe cannot manufacture oil at such low
prices and pffttCp&te with the fraudulent article
that is put-irt toarket ajl over the country.
the gentleman is mistaken in supposing
that the oil Which he says is gelling at th'irty-
eight cent? a gallon comes to the consumer at
that price. It averages a dollar a gallon to
the consumer. The nature of the article, its
explosive and dangerous character, makes it
quite expensive. Now, if it is selling at only
thirty-eight cents, as the gentleman says, is it
fair, is it honest, to lay a tax of one hundred
and twenty per cent, upon it?—for twenty
cents a gallon on an artielc selling at thirty-
eight cents is one hundred and twenty per cent.
But the gentleman says it is cheap. So is
milk eheap. Why do you not lay a tax of one
hundred and twenty per cent, on milk? So is
cold water cheap. So is the light of heaven
cheap. Why do you not tax the light of
heaven as they do in England, where they
make a man pay for every pane of glass he has
in his dwelling. Cotton and wool are com-
paratively cheap. Why not tax them? This
oil is just as much a necessity as food. Spelling-
books are cheap, and I would just as soon lay
a tax of one hundred per cent, on spelling-
books as to lay it on the light by which the boy
has to learn his lesson. Bibles are cheap, and
you may just as well lay a tax of one hundred
per cent, upon them as to put it upon the light
by which the Christian studies out the sacred
pages of the Scriptures. All the necessities of
life are cheap. We could not live if they were
not so. Now, why single out this one article of
absolute necessity when all the rest are to go
free? Why keep up so exorbitant a tax on what
the gentleman says I called sotneyears ago the
poor man's light? It is emphatically true;
there is no rhetoric in that. But, as one of my
Democratic friends said the other day about
something else, "it is God's truth" that it is
the poor man's light. Why class it with whisky
and tobacco? If you cannot take the whole
tax off from it take off half the tax. Make it
ten cents a gallon instead of twenty cents. It
should not be left at the present high rate.
My colleague [Mr. Woodward] suggests that
we tax illuminatinggas only seven percent. 
[Here the hammer fell.]
MMr. N113LACK. Will the gentleman from
owa [Mr. Allisox] yield to me ?
Mr. ALLISON. I am appealed to all around,
and I do not see how I can yield to all.
Mr. SPALDING-. You promised to yield
to me.
Mr. ALLISON. I yield to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding.]-
Mr. SPALDING. I represent a people
largely interested in this matter of petroleum;
I think it is the second point in the United
States on the question of magnitude ; and I
know that they have been excessively desirous
of having this whole tax abated. They think
that that article of industry ought to be relieved
as well as most of the others which have been
relieved by the bill; but, as a measure of com-
promise, willing to pay their share of the taxa-
tion of the country, they are willing now to
accept of the proposition as it comes from the
Senate, and to pay one half of the tax that
has been imposed upon this article of manu-
facture. I agree in spirit with the remarks
submitted by my friend from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Scofield.] I say that this may justly
be regarded as among the articles of necessity
of the country, and it is our bounden duty to
do something toward relieving it. I hope,
therefore, the House will concur in the amend-
ment of the Senate. That is all I have to say.
Mr. ALLISON. I only want to_ say one
word in answer to what has been said on this
question of petroleum. I think the answer
made by the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means was a perfect answer, and
that was that, inasmuch as-we propose to im-
pose some- tax upon petroleum, that question
should be reserved until we bring in our gen-
eral bill, and then every gentleman will have
an opportunity of discussing at length this ques-
tion of taxation of the " poor man's light." * I
do not know but I may vote with the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] for a re-
duction of the tax when that bill comes up.
But I beg gentlemen at this time not to insist
on an amendment which will disarrange the
entire bill ■ as reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means. I yield now to the gentle-
man from West Virginia, [Mr. Hubbard.]
Mr. IIUBBAIiD, of West Virginia. I de-
sire simply to add a single word to what has
been said by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Scofield] aud the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Spalding] in relation to this tax upon
refined oils. During the last three months the
articles of naphtha and benzine, which are pro-
duced from the crude oil at the refineries, have
very much increased in price in Europe. These
articles, on account of their explosive charac-
ter, cunnot very well be transferred to Europe
separately, but thoy can be taken over in the
crude oil, and, therefore, the crude oil is going
to Europe instead of the refined oil, and the
refineries in this country are being stopped 011
account of that. It is, therefore, a necessity
that the tax should be taken off the refined
oil, so th.it our manufacturers here can send
the refined oil to Europe and compete with the
manufacturers there. An additional reason
why the amendment of the Senate should be
concurred in is that we shall then have an
indication on the part of the House of its wish
and desire in regard to this question. I hope,
therefore, that when we come to vote on the
amendment of the Senate it will be concurred in.
Mr. ALLISON. I now yield two minutes
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
IJasks.J
Mr. BANNS. It would give me pleasure to
accede to the request of the Committee of
Ways and Means if it were practicable to do so
and obtain a reduction of this tax on petro-
leum. But the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means has notified the House that it
is not the intention of the committee to reduce
it much at any rate; and therefore, if there is
to be a reduction, it should be made now when
the question is submitted to the House by
itself.
Now, sir, without entering into any dema-
gogical argument at all, to which reference has
been made, 1 say from my own experience, my
personal knowledge, that there is not a wealthy
corporation or city or a wealthy lamily in this
country that uses this article, and there is
scarcely any poor family that is not confined to
its use as a means of light almost exclusively.
Now, to put a tax, as the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. ScofikldJ has said, of
one hundred or one hundred and twenty per
cent, on this article, which is almost exclu-
sively the light of the common people in the
common towns, and to tax gas, which is used
in the wealthy cities and by wealthy corpora-
tions, only seven per cent., is a proposition
which the House cannot well sustain. I trust
that when this question is presented in the
simplest possible form a reduction of fifty per
cent., or ten cents 011 the gallon, and when we
are notified that it is not to come before us in
this shape again we shall sustain the proposi-
tion of the Senate.
Mr. ALLISON. I now yield for a moment
to my colleague on the committee, the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Niblack.J
Mr. NIBLACIC. Mr. Speaker, the second
amendment which the Senate ingrafted on the
bill as we passed it the other day is as follows:
And nothing herein contained shall be construed
as a repeat of any tax upon machinery or other
articles which have been or inav be delivered on
contracts made with the United States prior to the
passage of this act.
I did not concur with the Committee of
Ways and Means in the recommendation that
the House should non-concur in this amend-
ment.- On the contrary, I am in favor of con-
curring in it, -My observation has taught fee
that gentlemen holding contracts with the
Government, as a general proposition, are not
likely to lose much in any event, and they can
as a class as well afford to pay taxes as any
other class in this country, "according to their
number. I am told that there are now a large
number of subsisting contracts for the building
of machinery of one kind or another for the
Government, some partly executed, some,
perhaps, just commenced, and some under
which nothing has yet been done, but still the
contracts exist, and they were all made with
reference to the amount of tax ■frhich the man-
ufacturer had to pay upon the manufacture of
the machinery. These contracts were all made
with reference to the amount of taxes the con-
tractors would have to pay, and hence there is
no hardship in collecting the taxes now. Tofail
to collect them only puts so much additional
money into the pockets of these contractors.
I am informed, upon inquiry, that if this
amendment of the Senate is not concurred in
it will make a difference to the Government of
some four hundred thousand dollars. Now, I
am 111 favor of relieving these industrial inter-
ests as far as possible. That is one of the
great demands that are now being justly made
upon this Congress; but I believe we are here
going rather too far in that direction. There
is a point beyond which we cannot go and sus-
tain the credit of the Government. 1 am afraid
we are, without consideration, relieving many
interests of this country that can bear at least a
small amount of taxation. Now, I submit that
while we can, without doing injustice to any-
body, save some four hundred thousand dol-
lars a year to the Government of taxes, I think
we should do it. Therefore, as a member of
the Committee of Ways and Means, I am in
favor of this amendment of the Senate, and
trust it will be concurred in by the House.
Mr.. ALLISON. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Pike] for two minutes.
Mr. PIKE. It ought to be said, by way of
defense of the action of the Committee of
Ways and Means in relation to the amend-
ment of the Senate, that the contractors re-
ferred to here maintain that, upon the facts
of the ease, they have good reason for exemp-
tion from the tax. I will say this, in addition
to the forcible reasons urged by the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr.
Sciiexck,] that there should be no discrimina-
tion between public contractors and private con-
tractors. The memorials of these contractors in
relation to this taxation were before the House
at the last session of Congress, and have been
at the present session of Congress. They
allege, and I presume correctly, though I have
not examined the matter, that the tax has been
raised upon them since the contracts were
made. The House is aware that this manu-
facturers' tax has been increased from the
original tax of three to five per cent., then to
six per cent., and then back to five per cent,
again.
These contractors allege that a portion of
those contracts were made while the original
tax of three per cent, was in force. And they
say that for that reason, if for no other, this
amendment of the Senate should be concurred
in. I am told that the contracts referred to
here pertain mainly to engines for the Navy
Department. I have not looked into the mat-
ter; but 1 know from general statements that
these contracts were of a very close character.
Ihey were made during the war. and in such
a manner that the contractors generally had
but very little or no margin of profits. And
the contracts were so large that they called for
the whole mechanical force of the country, and
the contractors were deprived of the advantage
they hoped to have in obtaining labor at a
more moderate price than at the time the coil-
tracts were made.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Will
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Allison-] yield
to me for a question?
Mr. ALLISON. Certainly.
