4152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
by it. I trust the Senate will strike out the
section. It is something unknown and un-
heard of before in legislation, and totally im-
proper, it seems to me, in connection with
any appropriation bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is rather the most
remarkable section, take it as a whole, that I
ever saw in a bill especially an appropriation
bill. The part of it already stricken out pro-
vided that if anybody in any of the Depart-
ments should employ any person before an
appropriation was made to pay him, he should
be sent to the penitentiary. The committee
very properly struck that out; and I should
like to know how our Government could get
along this very year under such a law? The
appropriation bills for the support of the De-
partments have not been passed till after the
eviration of the last fiscal year. Consequently,
if this law had been in operation on the 1st of
July, the Treasury Department would have had
to discharge every one of its employes, and
shut up the building, or else the Secretary would
have to go to the penitentiary; and so it is
of every other Department. Congress, which
never passes its appropriation bills till the last
moment, and in the long session frequently
not until after the next fiscal year begins, here
proposes to say that if it shall omit to provide
by its appropriation bills for the payment of
the employfes in the Departments the Secre-
taries shall shut up the Departments or go to
the penitentiary. That is about the amount
of it. What a perfect absurdity on its very
face in view of our praetice !
The other provision is just as bad with our
mode of appropriating l'or public buildings.
We do not appropriate in any case the whole
sum necessary to erect a public building. Fre-
quently we get an estimate, and when we have
the estimate, what is our course? To appro-
priate as much money as we think can be used
the first year, and no more. That is the course
of the Government. What, then, would be the
result of such a provision ais this? The plan
of the building being agreed upon, its charac-
ter being understood, estimated to cost so
much, the superintending architcct, instead of
contracting for his material at once, making his
plans and contracting for the delivery of his ma-
terials at the time he wants them, must do what?
Suppose the appropriation is $50,000, and the
stone which he will want for the completion of
the building will cost $150,000. He must
make his contract within the $50,000 for the
year, and then he will be at the mercy of the
contractors for the exccss, for they know he
must go on in the same way and he must have
it at any rate. The thing is an absolute ab-
surdity on its face. The architect called my
attention to it,and said to me, "I eannotmake
a contract for erecting a building ; it is out of
the question ; I cannot make half a contract
or quarter of a contract, because Congress ap-
propriates only half or quarter the amount of
money necessaryto complete the work." Take
the case of $150,000 worth of stone being re-
quired for putting up a custom-house or any
other building. Under this provision he must
make his plan and specify exactly what he
wants before he can make a contract. In what
a situation would he be if he put out proposals
for a contract for $50,000 worth ? He can get
no contract upon any reasonable terms, and he
must go to the penitentiary if be does not.
He tells me it is impossible to erect buildings
in that way without costing the Government an
enormous sum.
The fact is, sir, that we must either change
our own system of action or we must have
some confidence in onr public servants and go
on in the way we have gone on, guarding it all
we can. But in this case the difficulty in both
instances arises from the fault of Congress
itself in the mode it does business, and it is
useless to attempt to embarrass the Govern-
ment in this way. I hope the whole section
■will be struck out.
Mr. MOBRILL, of Maine. There are some
difficulties under the practice which has pre-
vailed against which this section was aimed.
That an abuse has grown up in the practice
which makes such a bill as this necessary at
the close of every session, and I do not know
but at the beginning—for I think we had a
deficiency bill in the beginning and one in the
middle, and now certainly one at the end of
the session—cannot be denied. To a very great
extentthese bills grow out of a practice of per-
sons engaged in the public service expending
more money than is appropriated for the par-
ticular service, and it does not always grow out
of the fact that they didnotforesee what was to
be the necessary expenditure. There is a case
in point in this very bill on the ninth page ; I
only refer to it by way of illustration, because
it furnishes an illustration:
For remodeling tho marine hospital ftt Chelsea,
Massachusetts, $-15,000.
That is a deficiency. How did it occur?
Simply not having a sufficient, appropriation
the Government officer went on and spent that
much more than he was authorized to spend
than he had any appropriation for. It was
not that the building cost any more than he
had supposed it would, but he spent what he
had, and then he went on and made a contract
with innocent parties who knew nothing about
the facts, who expended this money, and then
the Government officers come here and ask
for a deficiency bill. How did it come to be
a deficiency? By his assuming to spend what
was not appropriated for and what he had no
reason to assume ever would be appropriated
for. The appropriating power was never in-
formed in regard to his purpose to spend that
money. I bring this up by way of illustration
only, to show that there is an abuse on the
part of public officers in expending more money
than is contemplated by Congress or than is
asked for.
What, the remedy is I do not know. I do
not know that this provision is well consid-
ered, but it seemed to the Committee on Ap-
propriations that there is an obvious distinc-
tion between the feature of the section as it
now stands and those features that it con-
tained as it came from tho House of Repre-
sentatives. It will be seen that now its aim is
to prevent public officers from expending more
money than has been appropriated for the par-
ticular purpose; that if money is appropriated
to build a court-house or a custom-house the
officers shall be at liberty to expend the amount
appropriated and no more. I do not know
what the practical inconvenience would be;
those who are better acquainted with the ser-
vice of the country will know better than my-
self ; but I really see no difficulty in a public
officer who has the supervision and construc-
tion of a public building informing the appro-
priate authority precisely what, he wants, what
his estimates are, how much he will want this
year.
Mr. FESSENDEN". That is almost inva-
riably done, but Congress says, "You shall
have but so much this year." Suppose, for
instance, a public building is to be built of a
certain material and to cost $500,000. Con-
gress says you may build according to a spe-
cific plan. The plan is always exhibited.
The estimate is made of how much that build-
ing is to cost, showing what is to be the char-
acter of the building. The stone, for instance,
is to cost so much. That must be contracted
for, and contracted for beforehand. Proposals
must be put out to furnish the stone, and the
whole of it, for that building, not a portion of
it. You cannot contract for a portion of it
with one quarry and a portion of it with an-
other at different times; the contract must
be made for the whole. Suppose you appro-
priate only .$100,000, and the stone is to cost
$150,000, what are you to do? Are you to
say that the officer shall only contract for
$50,000 worth of stone during the year? What
is the result of that to be? The Government
will be placed in the hands of the contractor.
I have been familiar with the mode in which
this business has been done, and while un-
doubtedly in individual cases there may have
been abuse and carelessness, this is no way to
reach it, because you will by this course em-
barrass the transaction of business, and you
will be involved in a greater expenditure than
would otherwise be necessary. You must seek
a remedy in another way. You must m the
first place find out what your building is to
cost, and appropriate at once the whole amount.
That will be the better way unquestionably, and
the cheaper way in the end, and save money.
Mr HOWE. Then why not do it?
Mr FESSENDEN. We never have done
it. Ask the Committee on Appropriations in
the other House why they do not do it. I hey
never will do it, because they do not want the
appropriations to look too large for this year.
The system is undoubtedly a bad one, and it
ought to be reformed. If you reform it you
may then properly, perhaps, apply this remedy;
but you cannot apply this remedy ■where you
follow the system which has been invariably
followed for a long course of years with regard
to the erection of public buildings. It is be-
cause we do not want to appear to make large
appropriations; we do not want to draw too
heavily on the income for the year. If you
have a large expenditure of public money for
public buildings in a particular year, you may
overrun your receipts, you may not have the
money on hand. Consequently the reasoning
is: draw for so much on ourreceipts this year,
and so much next year, and so much the year
after. You do not take it all at once, because
if you did there would be a deficiency in the
receipts. Consequently the practice has beep
adopted of, in the first place, having an esti-
mate for your building, showing how much it
will cost, the style of building, with drawings,
&c., and when they have done that Congress
appropriates as much money as it thinks can
be spent in the first year. As long as you do
that you necessarily impose upon the architect
of the building, with a view to economy, that
a contract shall be made for all the materials
he may want of a particular kind. Any one
of us, if he was about to build a house, would
want to know what the whole of it would cost,
would want to make his contract with some-
body to furnish all the materials, stone or
brick, or whatever it might be. That is more
especially true with reference to a large public
building, costing $500,000. You cannot meet
the thing in the way here proposed; for,
as I said before, under this provision, if the
appropriation will only allow you to get
$50,000 worth of material, when $150,000 is
needed, when you make your contract for the
$50,000 and the year expires you will be next
year at the mercy of the contractor. Suppose
it is stone, and you have a contract with the
owner of a quarry ; it must all come from the
same quarry, and what will he say to you next
year? "I do not care about furnishing any
more; I cannot furnish anymore at this price;
you must give me double;" and the Govern-
ment must pay him what he asks, or it will
have to erect its building of different kinds of
stone.
I say, then, this is impracticable ; and under
the present system the thing here forbidden
must necessarily be done; you cannot avoid
it. I hope the whole section will be stricken
out, and that some proper remedy will be
found.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I have not
heard any better remedy than this suggested,
and I am unwilling to believe that some remedy
may not be devised. The abuses of the pres-
ent mode ot doing business are manifest. The
Senator from Maine [Mr. Morrill] mentioned
one patent upon the face of thisbilf. You had
a hospital lor the care of the sailors in the
merchant service of the United States at
Chelsea. I never saw it ; but I am told it was
°"e the finest buildings in the country,
a b i rn d a n 11 ya d e q u a te for every purpose. We
el- AnnI6f *n • an aPProPriarion of
$40,000 for improvements, for remodeling
that marine hospital. I tried to convince the
Senate the other day that you ought never to
have invested a cent in marine hospitals any-
where. You do not do it in those cities where
