46
SUPPLEMENT TO
The Constitution contains inherent evidence
that the indictable character of an act does not
define its impeachable quality. Ifc enumerates
the classes of cases in which legislative power
maybe exercised, and it defines the class of
persons and cases to which the judicial power
extends ; but there is no such enumeration of
impeachable cases, though there is of persons.
In England and some-of the States the
power of removal of officers by the Execu-
tive, on the address or request of the Legisla-
ture,* exists, but the Constitution made no
Erovision for this as to any officer, manifestly
ecause the power of impeachment extended
to every proper case for removal.
As to the President and Vice President there
is this provision, that—
"Congress may by law provide for the case of
removal, death, resignation, or inability," * * *
* "declaring what officer shall then act" * *
* * "until the disability be removed or a Pres-
ident shall be elected." (Art. 2, see. 1.)
It has already been shown that the framers
of the Constitution regarded the power of im-
peachment as a means of defending "the com-
munity against the incapacity" of officers.
This clause of the Constitution recognizcd the
same view, article two, section one:
"Congress may by lawprovide for the ease of" s
* ? "s "inability, both of the President and
Vice President, declaring what officer shall then act
as President, and such officer shall act accordingly,
until the disability bo removed or a President shall
be clcctcd."
This and the power of impeachment are the
only modes of getting rid of officers whose
inability from insanity or otherwise renders
them unfit to hold office, and whose every offi-
cial act will necessarily be misderneanor. As
to the President and Vice President it was
necessary to give Congress the power to des-
ignate a successor, and so do determine (he
disability. As to all other officers the Consti-
tution or laws define the mode of designating
a successor, and it is left to the impeaching
power to remove in cases of insanity or mis-
demeanor arising from that or other cause.
It cannot be supposed the whole nation must
suffer without remedy if the whole Supreme
Court or other officers should become utterly
disabled from the performance of their duties.
Such an occurrence is within the range of pos-
sibility, if not probability.
In our system it is utterly impossible to apply
any testof common law or statutory criminality.
The Supreme Court, without much considera-
tion, has determined that the national courts
have never been clothed with jurisdiction of
common-law crimes.f
tion. The love of freedom and justice so deeply
engraven upon the hearts of the people and inter-
woven inthowhole textureof oursocialinstitutions,
a thorough and intelligent acquaintance with their
rights, and a firm determination to main-lain them;
in short, those moral and intellectual qualities with-
out which social liberty cannot exist, and over which
despotism can obtahrno control, these stamp the
character and give security to the rights of tho free
people of this Commonwealth." * * *
"But it has not been, and it cannot bo, contended
thai, in its decisions and adjudications, this courtis
not governed by established laws. These may be
positive and express, or they may depend upon rea-
soning and analogy. It would be idle to expect a
rule applicable to every case m tho text of tho stat-
ute-book. Laws are founded on certain general
principle* and the relations of men in society. It is
tho piovinoo of this court, as of all other judicial
tribunals, to search out and apply these principles
to the particular cases in judgment before them."
(See 1 Howard's State Trials, *17, per Sclden; 0 Am.
Law Reg., N. S., 264.)
■*' Removal on the address of both Houses of Parlia-
ment piovided for in the act of settlement, 3 llal-
lam, 2U2. In the convention which framed our na-
tional Constitution, June 2,1787, Mr. John Dickin-
son, of Delaware, moved "That the Executive be
made removable by the national Legislature on the
request ot a majority of the Legislatures of individual
States." Dolawaie alone voted for thbs.and it was
rejected, [mpeaehraent was deemed sufficiently com-
prehensive to cover every proper case for removal.
t The reason which denies Jurisdiction of common-Jtiio
crimes to the courts of the United States does not apply
to impeachments.
By the Constitution tho trial for crimes must bo
had in the State and district where committed. (Ar-
ticle 0 Amendments.) By the judiciary act of Sep-
tember 24, 1789, the Supremo Couit is restricted to
holding sessions at "Washington. (lSt,ntutes-at-Large,
713.) By the Constitution the judicial power of the
When the Constitution was adopted all the
States recognized common-law crimes, ^ and
those added since do so, with few exceptions.
But there is something peculiar to each and
different from all others in ita common-law
crimes, growing out of the rulings of judges or
its condition, and in all statutes have made
changes, so that no two States recognize the
same crimes.
The Constitution authorizes Congress ^ to
provide for the punishment of counterfeiting
the securities and current coin of the United
States;" "to define and punish piracies and
felonies committed on the high seas,and offenses
against the law of nations;" but nowhere
declares they may define impeachable crimes,
for the very good reason that common parlia-
mentary law, subject, like the common law, to
be molded to circumstances and adapted to
times, had already sufficiently defined them.
Congress cannot by any law abridge the right
of the House to impeach or the'Senate to try.
When the Constitution conferson the House
the " sole power of impeachment," and on the
Senate "the sole power of trial," these are
.independent powers, not to be controlled by
the joint opinion of the two Houses previously
incorporated into a law.* Suppose such a law
passed. It cannot be repealed over a veto
except by a two-thirds vote in each House.
Yet a majority may impeach; and, after the
veto of a repealing law, can that majority be
denied the constitutional privilege conferred on
them?
''Treason, bribery, and other higli crimes
and misdemeanors" are, of course, impeach-
able. Treason and bribery are specifically
named. But "other high crimes and misde-
meanors" arc just as fully comprehended as
though each was specified. The Senate is
made the sole judge of what they are. There
is no revising court. The Senate determines
United States is vested in the Supreme Court and
such inferior courts as Congress may establish. (Arti-
cle 3, section 1 ; article 1, section 10.)
It was held as early as 1812 that the circuit and dis-
trict courts of the United States, being the 44 inferior
cowte" established by Congress, could exercise no
common-law criminal jurisdiction. This doctrinc
was reaffirmed in 1810 by a divided court, and has
never been authoritatively decided since. (United
States vs. Hudson, 7 Cianch, 32; United States vs.
Corlidge, 1 Wheatoti, 415; 1 Galli's Reports, 488;
United States vs. Lancaster,2McLean's Reports. 431;
Washington Circuit Court Reports,84; United States
vs. Ravara, 2 Dallas, 297 ; United States Worrell,
2 Dallas, 384; United States vs. Maurice, 2 Brock.,
96: United States vs. New Bedford Bridge, 1 Wood-
bridge & Minot, 401; United States vs. Babcock, 4
McLean, 113-115.)
This ruling has been disapproved by the ablest
commentators on constitutional and criminal law—
by Story and Rawle and Bishop and Wharton. (1
Bishop's Criminal Law, third edition. 103, [20;] net,
of Congress of September 24, 1789, sections 9-11;
Statutes 1842, chapter 188, section 3; Da Ponceau on
3 uvisdiction.)
The denial of common-law criminal jurisdiction in
these inferior courts re&ts solely on the reasons that
such tribunals being creatcd not by the Constitution,
but by act of Congress, they—
" Possess no jurisdiction but what is given them by
the power that creates them;" and that—
"There exists no definite criterion of distribution
[of jurisdiction] between the district and circuit
courts of the same district."
And that common law—
"Jurisdiction has not been conferred by any legis-
lativeact."
And it is said that the Supreme Court alone—
"Possesses jurisdiction derived immediately from
the Constitution, and.of which the legislative power
cannot deprive it." (7 Crancb, 33.)
Where, thcrefoie, a common-law jurisdiction is
conferred by the Constitution on a court created by
that instrument,it is one "of which the legislative
power cannot deprive it." (7 Cranch, 33.)
And this is precisely what the Constitution has
done as to impeachments; it has created the tribu-
nal for their trial—the Senate; it has given that body
jurisdiction of tdl "crimes and misdemeanors" im-
peachable by parliamentary usage, and no law can
limit it. AnJ this view has been sustained by Story
and Rawlc and Kent, after and in view of the de-
cision? referred to. (0 American Law Register, 656.)
At the time the Constitution was adopted, and ever
since in England and all tho original States of the
Union, what is known as the "common law" and
" common-law crimes" existed, and yet exist, in ad-
dition to crimes defined by statute: and this is so in
all the States except Ohio, and perhaps two or three
others,
* " The Parliament cannot by any act restrain the
power of a subsequent Parliament." (4 Inst., 42; 5
Com. Dig., 301.)
in the light of parliamentary law. Congress
cannot define or limit by law that which the
Constitution defines in two cases by enumera-
tion and in others by classification, and of
which the Senate is sole judge.* It has never
been pretended that treason and bribery Would
not be impeachable if not made criminal by
statute or so recognized by national common
law. They are impeachable becanse enumer-
ated. Other iFigh crimes and misdemeanors
are equally designated by classification.
Suppose the Constitution had declared '' that
all persons committing i treason, bribery, or
other high crimes and misdemeanors' shall be
punished by indictment in the courts of the
United States," can it be doubted that every
crime and misdemeanor recognized by the com-
mon law would be the subject of indictment?
"This would be by force of the Constitution
employing the words crimes and misdemeanors;
for these are words known to the common law,
and it is a universal principle of interpretation,
acted on in all the courts, that a common-law
term employed in conferring jurisdiction on
courts is to bear its common-law meaning."
Now, when the Constitution says that all
civil officers shall be removable on impeach-
ment for high crimes and misdemeanors, and
the Senate shall have the sole power of trial,
the jurisdiction is conferred, and its scope is
defined by common parliamentary law.f
The national courts do not take jurisdiction
of common-law crimes, not because common-
law crimes do not exist, but because their
jurisdiction is only such as is expressly con-
ferred on them, and no statute has conferred
the jurisdiction. But in the District of Colum-
bia, under national jurisdiction, common-law
crimes and jurisdiction of them in the courts
do exist, J
In addition to this there are crimes exclu-
sively of national jurisdiction and others ex-
clusively of State cognizance. The murder of
citizens in a State is not and cannot be made
criminal by act of Congress ^here it is not per-
petrated in the denial of a national right. The
States alone provide for this and many other
offenses. And in the States not recognizing
The peers are judges of laxo as well as of fact."
(2 Hale's P. C., 275; Barclay's Digest, 140.) They,
therefore, are not governed by the indictable char-
actor of an act. In fact, as the highest court, they
make not only parliamentary law. but the law for
the courts. (Regina vs. O'Connell.)
f Impeachable misdemeanors are determined by
the Senate just as each House of Congress and tho
courts having the jurisdiction to punish tor contempts
determine what acts or neglect constitute them. (7
Cranch, 320.)
%" Common-law crimes do exist, they are indictable,
and jurisdiction of them has existed in the courts of the
United States for two thirds of a century in the District
of Columbia(1 Bishop on Criminal Law, section
167, [22:] Du Ponceau on Jurisdiction,J32-73: Kendall
vs. United States, 12 Peters, 524-613; United Stats vs.
Watkins, 3 Cranch, 441.)
The highest authority on criminal law in this
country says:
"There must in reason and in legal principle be in
those localities where State power is unknown com-
mon-law crimes against the United States. Espe-
cially this exception must in reason extend to all
matters which concern our intercourse with foreign
as well as to all local transactions beyond the tern-
tori al limits of the several States. The law of na-
tions and the law of the admiralty conccrning both
civil and criminal things would seem, therefore, to
have been made United States common law."
* * "And so the United States tribunal
would appear to have common law cognizance of
offenses upon the high seas not defined by statutes,
and of all other offenses within the proper cogni-
zance of the criminal courts of a nation, committed
beyond the jurisdiction of any particular State."
(1 Bishop on Criminal Law, section 165, [21.])
The act of Congress of February 27,1801, extended
and continued in force over the District the com-
mon and statute law ot Maryland, wherecommon-law
crimes existed, and organized a circuit court with
the jurisdiction conferred on circuit courts of tho
United States by section eleven of the act of Febru-
ary 13, 1801. (2 United States Statutes-at-Large, 92;
2 Statutes. 103-105, sections 1-3.)
The criminal court organized by act of July 7,1838,
had the same criminal jurisdiction. (5 Statutes, 306.)
The supreme court of the District, organized by act
of March 3,1863, has the same jurisdiction of the prior
courts thereby abolished. (12 Statutes, section 3.)
That jurisdiction is conferred in these words:
"That," * * * * "said courts" +
* *" * "shall have cognizance of all crimes
and offenses cognizable under the authority of the
United States." (2 Statutes, 92, act February 13,1801.)
