1080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
wag to depend on the course of the rebels.
Time indicated each succeeding step, and wis-
dom applied the remedy.
_ Mr. President, it is charged that the Repub-
lican party demand a new Union and a new
Constitution, which, as literally charged, is not
true. But had it not been for the anti-slavery
wisdom of the framers of the Constitution the
results of this war would have necessitated
such radical changes in that instrument as to
have justified that charge in part. As it is, the
the word slave having never appeared in the
instrument, and slavery having been abolished,
the Constitution in its spirit having been ex-
purgated, the life-blood of freedom now per-
vades all its parts as though human bondage
had never existed. And as a Constitution tacitly
acknowledging slavery is just as different from
one inspired by universal freedom as light from
darkness or tice from virtue to that extent we
have a new Constitution and a new Union.
The men who all life long held with Jefferson
that in a contest for universal freedom the
Almighty had no attribute by which to ally
Himself with the oppressor easily and nat-
urally adapt themselves to the new and blessed
order of events.
_ Opposed to this old Constitution, with a pu-
rified spirit, would likely bo found all who lail
to comprehend the logic of events, all who
have trafficked in the souls and bodies of men,
and occasionally given the market an upward
tendency by placing on the block their own
offspring, and all who are destitute of proper
appreciation of Christian civilization. But that,
a m-an of the free North, who has known effort
and toil and boasted of self-reliance and of the
spirit of progress, should lend his voice to swell
the dismal chorus of those ^ho weep around
the tomb of slavery, cannot bo accounted for on
any principle governing sanity and Christian
morals. When they have attempted to release
the States from responsibility, and endeavored
to lose sight of the crime on account of the
many individuals participating, they have been
most triumphantly met by the decision of the
United States court iu the case'of the Bril-
liante:
"Hence, in organizing this rebellion they have
acted as States, claiming to be sovereign over all
persons and property within their respective limits,
and asserting their right to absolve their citizens
from their allegiance to the Federal Government.
Several of these States have combined to form anew
confederacy, claiming to be acknowledged by the
world as a sovereign State."
And thus the rebels have had to stand dnmb
in the presence of that broken, rejected Con-
stitution, the protection of which they would
claim, while they deny its existence and spurn
its authority.
When they have attempted to justify the
President in his jilan of reconstructing States,
and scouted the right of Congress to interpose,
they have had to meet their own votes in 1864
sustaining a resolution which denied insurrec-
tionary States— r
"The right to vote for President, electors, or Vico
President of the United States, or of electing Sen-
ators or Representatives in Congress until said in-
surrection in said States is-suppressed or abandoned,
and said inhabitants h avc return ed to th eir obedience
to the Government of the United States, nor until
such return to obedience shall be declared by procla-
mation of the President, issued by virtue of an act
of Congress hereafter to be passed, authorizing the
same."
Thus have they acted upon the assumption
that Congress possessed the power, and the
President could not declare their return to
obedience until Congress granted the power by
law. When they have made the specific charge
that States cannot secede, and hence their
original governments weathered the storm and
survived the earthquake shock of battle, the
admonitory words of President Johnson's proc-
lamation appointing a provisional governor
for North Carolina has smote upon their ears:
"And whereas the rebellion which hos been waged
by a portion of thopeoplcof theXImted States against
the properly-constituted authorities of theGovern-
ment thereof, in the most violent and revolting torm,
but whose organized and revolting forces have now
been almost entirely overcome, has in its revolution-
ary progress deprived thepeopleof tlieStatoof iSorth
Carolina of all civil government."
Not suspended the relation of States with the
General Government, but "deprived the people
of North Carolina of all civil government."
" When these gentlemen have attempted to
distinguish between individual traitors and
public enemies, between the suppression of a
rebellion and waging war with a belligerent
Power, they have been routed from their forti-
fication of straw by the following language of
the Supremo Court:
"When the party in rebellion occupy and hold in
a hostile mnnner a certain portion of territory ; havo
declared their independence; hare cast off their alle-
giance; have organized armies; have commenced
hostilities against their former sovereign, tho world
acknowledges them as belligerents "—
I call attention to this:
"Tho world acknowledges them as belligerents and
tho contest a war."—il Black, pages
Again, the court say:
"A11 persons residing within this territory whose
property may bo used to increase the revenues oftho
hostilo power are, in this contest, liable to be treated
as enemies, though not foreigners. They havo cast
off their allegiance and mado war on their Govern-
ment, and arc none the less onemiesbecauso they are
traitors."—Ibid., pago GT*t.
When our mode of reconstruction has been
denounced as revolutionary because it goes
beyond mere alteration and amendment it has
only been necessary to invoke the precedent of
the President's proclamation to refute the fal-
lacious assumption:
"Now, therefore, in obcdienco to tho high and sol-
emn duties imposed upon 1110 by tho Constitution of
tho United States,andl'or thcpurposool'enablmgthe
loyal people of said State to orgauizo a State govern-
ment," &c.
Not to amend or change, but remedy that want
of "all civil government" by organizing a
State government.
When an effort has been made to parry the
force of a judicial decision by denouncing it as
a "dictum" of one judge, the fact that a bench
of nine concurred iu the opinion has not had
the influence of producing a recantation.
When the Opposition have tried to shield rebel
State organizations by investing them with an
indefinable sanctity on account of the fact that
the,President of the United States ordered them
into existence, the very pleasant illusion has
been dispelled by the declaration of Chief Jus-
tice Taney in the celebrated iihode Island case:
"Unquestionably a military government estab-
lished as th,o permanent government of the State
would not be a republican government, and it would
bo the duty of Congress to overthrow it."
Wrhen the charge of unnecessaiy disfran-
chisement has been made against the policy
of Congress it has been answered by refer-
ence to the fact that tho President's plan of
organization originally disfranchised fourteen
classes of persons, perhaps, including from
two hundred and fifty to three hundred thou-
sand individuals, while ours may reach and
not far exceed fifty thousand.
The complaint that we have invested loyalty,
irrespective of all other considerations, with the
right to vote has been answered by the follow-
ing provision from the Piesident's organiza-
tion proclamation :
"And with authority to exercise within the limits
of said State all the powers necessary and proper to
enable such loyal people of the State of North Caro-
lina to restore said State to irsconstitutional rela-
tions with the Federal Government."
Again, speaking of the Army:
"And tbey arc enjoined to abstain from in anyway
hindering, impeding, or discouraging tho loyal peo-
ple from the organization of a Stato government as
heroin authorized."
Which establishes beyond doubt that tho original
intent of the President was that only loyal citi-
zens could take part in reconstruction.
In 1866 the President stated his own views
in these express words:
"If there were only five thousand loyal men in a
State, or a less number, but sufficient to take charge
of the political machinery of tho State, those five
thousand men, or the less number, are entitled to it,
if all tho rest should be otherwise inclined."
This I hold to be good doctrine to-day; and
will be entitled to quotation in all time to come,
in every contest of loyalty with treason.
Subsequent to this time the Philadelphia con-
vention seems to have entertained the opinion
that it was necessary to extend the range of
loyalty in the South, or that Union loyalty,
which did everything, dared everything, and
suffered everything for the success of the Fed-
eral arms, would become '' the five thousand or
a less number," specified by the President.
Hence in that celebrated conclave, when such
sentiments Us those of Henry A. Wise were the
current staple of all rebeldom, as follows:
" You call the cause lost: it is not lost. If I had
triumphed I should havo favored stripping them
naked. They might have appealed for pardon, but
I would have seen them damned before I would have
granted it. For myself, I take no oath, I ask no
pardon."
That convention in its address to the coun-
try declared of these people, " there is no sec-
tion of the country where the Constitution and
laws of the United States find a more prompt
and entire obedience."
But just at that point, as if the assembly had
passing before it a procession of ghosts from
the Memphis and New Orleans massacres, it
was deemed best to come back to the same
proposition of loyalty and add a more emphatic
asseveration in this form: " They renew their
engagement to bear true faith and allegiance."
And had the case not been a desperate one they
might have paused with that; but they con-
tinued "through all time to come." Then tho
sentence in full read thus :
They renew their engagement to bear true faith
and allegiance through all time to come."
But, as if remembering that they were posted
as perjurers for having broken just such a
former vow, they rallied again and prolonged
the sentence with this additional member:
"To the Constitution of the United States, and to
all laws that may be made in pursuance thereof/'
Thus, in order to get these rebels on the
loyal register, they pledged them, to all eternity,
to obey whatever laws might in future be made
under the Constitution. Still.they seemed to
doubt whether the loyal people would receive
them back into church unless they came to the
confessional and were put upon probation ; but
time wa>precious, and they could not brook the
idea of a probation. Hence they come up
again promptly, in full force and good order,
marching to the sound of Dixie, with stars and
bars flying, and again make solemn proclama-
tion : " In no one of them (the States) is there
the slightest indication of resistance to this
authority against its just and binding obliga-
tions."
But remembering that evil-disposed Union
men might think threats to subdue them and
to reduce to a state semi-slavery the freedmen
sounded very much like a "slight indication"
to resist binding obligations, they dare not
give up the white-washing process without an-
other turn of the screw and application of the
brush. And here we have the final consum-
mation—the perfection of political audacity—
the sublimity of impudence—the neplus ultra
tof falsehood deified. "The supreme author-
ity has been acknowledged by word"—good
enough as far as it goes—"and act"—better,
if true—"in every State what more—" and
by every citizen within its jurisdiction. " Why,
Mr. President, if all that had to be done in
order to cause you and I and all our fellow-
citizeus to accord loyalty and truth and de-
votion to the rebel element of the South they
who are charged with reproducing it fipoa thia
floor demand our commiseration.
_ But even all this did not satisfy that most
inapproachable and incomprehensible body.
1 hey feared some part of that most righteously
loyal element might fail to play their part before
the work of reconstruction should be com-
pleted, and hence a saving clause in these
words :
Though disloyal in sentiment and purpose, and
neither the honor, the credit, or- the interests of the
nation would be safe if they were readmitted to a
snare m its councils, wo have" no right, for such rea-
sons, to deny to any portion of the States or people
rights expressly conferred upon them by the Consti-
tution of the United States."
Then let, these gentlemen move an amend-
ment to the oath taken in the Senate: " I do
profanely swear to support the Constitution of
