1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4153
there is the largest commerce. The Secretary
says it is unnecessary ; but this was done ; this
building was erected. The officers in charge,
it seems, thought they could make it better.
We are informed by the architect that they
applied for permission to make it better, to
remodel it; he told them no; there was no
appropriation; they applied again, he told
them no. He steadfastly resisted the attempt
to remodel it, but in defiance of his resistance
they went on and made a contract, and the
work has been done. Congress never has been
consulted, never has assented; the architect
was consulted and refused, but the work has
been done; and here are poor mechanics
clamoring at the doors of Congress to be paid.
What can you do? You cannot very well
refuse to pay these men ; here is the appro-
priation to pay them ; they have done the
work; they have done it on your building;
and so I suppose we have got to pay them; but
it was the most wanton disregard of law and
of official duty that I can conceive of. If you
tolerate this your Treasury stands wide open
to the demand of every employ6 you have. He
can make his contracts, no matter whether
they minister to the public interest or not; he
makes his contracts, goes on and executes
them, and you come in and pay them to save
innocent men from the consequences of his
wrong.
The other day we hal a similar case before
us. Your late Commissioner of Agriculture
had certain moneys in his hands appropriated
for the purpose of buying seeds. He expended
that money, and when he had expended that
money he went on the credit of the United
States ; he went into your cities and purchased
on the credit of the nation. The parties with
whom he dealt could not know how much
money he liad; they could not know how much
he had expended ; and he ran up bills to the
amount of between forty and fifty thousand
dollars, and died, and these creditors presented
their bills here. The Government had got the
seeds and distributed them ; we could not very
well refuse to pay for them, and we did appro-
priate the money to pay for those seeds, but
we attached to that bill a provision similar to
this, but not as strong as this. The Senate did
not dissent from that; no man objected to it;
it was acquiesced in all around as a reasonable
provision.
And now, Mr. President, how will you pro-
tect the Treasury if you do not declare this to
be a crime which you know in your conscience
is a crime? How are you going to prevent the
perpetration of it? The late Commissioner of
Agriculture never would have been disturbed
m the possession of his office if the Almighty
had not disturbed him. The gentlemen in
charge of the hospital at Chelsea will not be
disturbed in the possession of their offices;
why? Because they have done nothing that
the law prohibits expressly. They have squan-
dered money, to be sure, R45,000 ; but that is
nothing. Congress comes in and appropriates
and draws on the pockets of the people for it.
How shall we prevent it? How shall we pro-
tect the Treasury? What are the evils in the
way of this?
The Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessen'iiex]
tells us that it is necessary for the architect who
has charge of the construction of public build-
ings, when you undertake to build one. to con-
tract for all his materials at once. I do not be-
lieve that it is always necessary to do that; but
if it be necessary to do that you can provide
for it very handily. I hold myself that it is es-
sential to the welfare of the public service that
the Legfslature, without whose consent no dol-
lar ought to be paid out of the Treasury,
should be advised, to begin with, just the style
of building that you propose to erect, and as
near as calculation can attain to it, the cost of
the building; and when that is done, you know
the exact enterprise in which you are em-
barked, and you can make the appropriation
this year just as well as next year and two
years hence. It will not strain upon the peo-
ple any harder to make it this year than to
distribute the appropriations through three
years. If the building is going to occupy three
years the payments will occupy the three years
and you will have three years to provide for
the money in the Treasury.
But this loose way of entering on these en-
terprises is fraught with other difficulties be-
sides those to which I have called attention.
You commenced the construction of the build-
ings simply by appropriating a certain sum of
money. The community in which the build-
ing is to be placed may have in their mind a
building that will cost one hundred and fifty
or five hundred thousand dollars, and instead
of informing the Legislature as to what the
building is to cost, what the style of it is, out
of what materials it is to be constructed, the
Legislature is simply called on to make an ap-
propriation of fifty or one hundred thousand
dollars for such a work and they make the ap-
propriation ; it is spent; the work is not com-
pleted ; it is only in progress, and you are
asked to make an appropriation next year of
$100,000, and you make it; and so you go on till
they cease to call for appropriations when you
have some reason to conclude that the build-
ing is completed. That I understand to be
frequently the case. I do not know that it is
the practice of the present architect, but I have
reason to know that a great, many public build-
ings have been commenced and have been pros-
ecuted in just that way. It is an unsafe and a
dangerous way of managing this business. I
think the Senator from Maine, I think every
Senator, will concede that it is better to have
a specific plan agreed upon and provided be-
fore a dollar is appropriated ; and then when
you know what the work is to be and the cost,
there is no difficulty in making the appropria-
tion ; nor is there any difficulty in the archi-
tect's making a contract if he finds it necessary
to make a contract. Inasmuch as the work of
construction is to continue two or three years,
he may make a contract for the whole amount
of work, but to be paid for as the appropria-
tions are made. Then he does not violate this
act; then you need not make the appropria-
tions save as the work progresses; you can
continue the existing method of making ap-
propriations.
This I think is manifest, that if you agree
once that contracts in anticipation of future
appropriations shall not be made, that the
faith of the nation shall not be pledged by
those who have no authority to plight it, then
your legislation will conform to that state of
things, and you may make your laws and your
appropriations in harmony with it; you will do
it; and there will be no dangerof gettingyour
architect or your Secretary of the Treasury, or
any body else in the State prison unless he
means to defy the law.
But what I protest against, Mr. President,
is the disposition which seems to me too prev-
alent here and elsewhere to hold up these
enormous abuses of official duty, of official
administration, to just hold them up to. the
public gaze and pass them, saying, "This is
improper," but take no single step to put an
end to it. I think when you agree that a prac-
tice is frequent and that it is wrong, then it is
the bounden duty of the Legislature to do the
best it can to put an end to it. I never knew
but one meanS for legislation to put an end to
rascality, and that is to prohibit it, and pro-
hibit it under penalties: and that is just the
method suggested by this section. It the
penalties are too severe make them milder;
but I should rather abate something from the
term of imprisonment, or a few dollars from
the fine, than to strike out this last, clause so as
to leave the unfaithful servant qualified to hold
office again if he can induce the public to trust
him again and expose the public to having
such servants foisted on them once more.
I think 'we should leave that man out of the
public service through the remainder of his
natural life even if you do not see fit to put
him in the penitentiary.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations to strike out the last .clause of
the third section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now I submit a motion
that that whole section be stricken out.
Mr. HOWE. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Cattell, Chand-
ler, Cole, Uonness, Corbett, Cragin, Davis, Drake,
Eerry, lessenden, Fowler, Srelingimysen, Morrill
of Vermont, Osborn, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Patterson of Tennessee, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman,
Sumner, Thayer, Van Winkle, Viekers, Welch,
Whyte, Willey, and Williams—29.
Harlan, Howe, McDonald, Mor-
gan, Morrill of Maine, Norton, Nye, Ross, Sprague,
lipton, Trumbull, Wade and Wilson—13.
ABSKNT—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard. Buclcalew,
Cockling', Dixon, Doolittle, Edmunds, Grimes, Har-
ris, Henderson, Hendricks, Howard, Kellogg, Me-
Creery, Morton, Pool, Rice, Saulsbury, Stewart and
Yates—20.
So the section was stricken out.
Mr. SHERMAN. I offer an amendment to
come in on page 7, after line one hundred and
thirty-nine ; I am informed it has been omitted
by mistake:
For expenses of detecting and bringing to trial
and punishment persons engaged in counterfeiting
Treasury notes, bonds, and other securities of the
United States, as well as the coin of the United
States, and other frauds on the revenue, $25,000.
This is the usual appropriation for that pur-
pose ; I have no doubt the fact that it is not
provided for is an omission.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I believe it is
right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. From the Committee on
Commerce, I offer an amendment to come in
after the word " dollars," in line two hundred
and seven:
For the repair, preservation, and completion of
certain public works on rivers and harbors hereto-
fore commenced under authority of law, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Secretary of War,
$1,000,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to ask
the Senator from Michigan, who proposes this
amendment as chairman of the Committee on
Commerce, what relation it has to the bill from
the House of Representatives for the improve-
ment, of rivers and harbors, &c. ?
Mr. CHANDLER. I will state that the
House passed a bill appropriating $6,370,000.
The bill came in at a very iate day, and the
Committee on Commerce hardly had time to
examine the bill, and hence concluded to pro-
pose $1,000,000 for the prosecution of those
works now in process of construction, which
will carry them through until the close of nav-
igation, when work will cease. The bill has
not been acted upon ; but this is a substitute
for that at this time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee does
not propose to bring that bill forward at all?
Mr. CHANDLER. Not at this session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think that is a great
improvement.
Mr. CONNESS. It seems to me that there is
one serious difficulty connected with this prop-
osition. I rose to ask a question propounded
by the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations, whether this amendment was to be
in lieu of the river and harbor bill; and the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce re-
plies affirmatively. Now, then, it has this
shape, that the Committee on Commerce have
taken out some chosen cases'from the entire
river and harbor bill 
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com>
merce has done no such thing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand it takes
a round sum, $1,000,000, to be spent by the
War Department in their discretion.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask for the reading of
the amendment.
The amendment was read, as follows:
For the repair, preservation, and c0.mPle£'°!L°{
certain public works on rivers and harborsher
fore commenced under .authority of law, to be ex
pended uuder the direction of the Secretary or YV ar,
§1,000,000. , ,, .
Mr. CONNESS. That is it, sir; hereto-
fore commenced under authority of law. I he
