1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1081
the United States, though I am disloyal in sen-
timent and purpose, and neither the honor, the
credit, or the interest of the nation would be
safe if I was readmitted to a share in the coun-
cils of the nation. So help me Satan." No
other oath would m(#t the case, and to no
other power could they successfully appeal for
aid.
From that day to this Democratic orators
have eulogized the loyalty of the rebels of the
South, and the House and Senate have_ re-
sounded with their praise; and yet a Louisiana
editor, on the jlay the Philadelphia Convention
was in session, knowing its elements and spirit,
said:
" Let us wait and hope, for as sure as effect follows
oauso the convention assembled at Philadelphia is
the entering wedge to inaugurate civil strife."
Before I leave this question of loyalty I
desire to cast some light upon its present
status by calling upon a distinguished southern
witness. I call to the stand Robert Toombs, of
* Georgia, who thus writes to Corry; of Cincin-
nati, relative to the coming campaign:
"After the reception of yours of the 6th instant^
with the proceedings of the Cincinnati convention, I
accept with the greatest pleasure the position, to
which I have been assigned, and will cheerfully give
my utmost effort to promote, establish, and vitalize
those principles." * * * * *. *
"I therefore accept any man as a brother in peace
or war who will honestly stand by and defend them.
4 I will be with him as long as the weakness of human-
ity will enable me to stand by the truth to my own
hurt." . .
" Therefore, sink or swim, survive or perish, I am
with the West and the South for the maintenance of
the Cincinnati platform of April 13. I will take imme-
diate measures to organize the State of Georgia on
that basis, and will urge the true men of the so-called
ten rebel States to fall into line. You can fully count
on them. I have tried them."
* itt * * * * * * * *
" I regret nothing in the past but the dead and the
failure. I am ready to-day to use the best means I
can command to establish the principles for which I
fought. .
"Very respectfully and truly, your friend, 
"ROBERT TOOMBS."
This testimony settles the fact that the rebels
of Georgia unite with northern Democrats
to-day to vitalize the principles for which the
rebel Toombs fought. And these are the men
they would admit into Congress, and this is
the exposition of their loyalty; and because
Congress prefers the Union men to these com-
placent traitors we are denounced.
To meet the vaunting charge of our military
bill being a despotism it has only been neces-
sary to show, in the axiomatic utterance of the
Senator from Maine, that "we began to recon-
struct as soon as we began to conquer;" and
the military bill is only in aid of reconstruc-
tion as a police regulation. Without the eman-
cipation proclamation there never had been
reconstruction, and without the much de-
nounced civil rights bill emancipation would
have been only a speedy mode of rushing the
whole colored element of the South into incal-
culable sorrow, suffering, or death. But eman-
cipation and civil rights bill, both to be of per-
manent efficacy, demanded the constitutional
amendment abolishing slavery, declaring citi-
zenship, with other concomitants of manhood
and nationality; while the key to the treasure-
house of God-given rights, the rudder to the
newly launched vessel, and the emblem of
authority and dignity, was known to be the
ballot. With these acknowledged in author-
ity, perpetuated in application, respected in
their providential wisdom, and duly credited
for the honor they have already secured from
foreign Powers, the work of reconstruction
will be consummated, treason foiled, and loy-
alty enthroned.
The failure on the part of the opponents ot
congressional reconstruction has been most
signal in attempting to show an identity of
character between the original views of Presi-
dent, Lincoln and the doctrine that the rebel
State governments survived the war. In 1863
Mr. Lincoln declared by proclamation, ihe
loyal State governments of several States nave
for a long time been subverted." And again
he repudiated the action of the rebel State
authorities of Virginia just after the surrender
of Lee, showing he regarded all Uose govern-
ments as dead to loyalty and the Union. Nor
have they been able to gain any comfort from
his having refused to sign the Winter Davis
bill, which reached him one hour before the
adjournment of Congress, at a time when he
was trying to reorganize Louisiana and Arkan-
sas on a different basis; and the results of the
war being still so uncertain that lie doubted the
propriety of being irrevocably committed to any
particular bill, though to this one he had no
special objection, aside from the conflict with
his effort to restore suddenly the States of
of Louisiana and Arkansas.
We who are permitted to record our votes
and raise our voices in behalf of the final
emancipation of our country from the shackles
of tyranny, occupy the most sacred and impos-
ing position ever held by American citizens
since the revolutionary fathers '' knelt in prayer
and battled for a world." They laid the found-
ation of a temple, but never completed the
walls ; they entered into a sacred covenant with
the God of heaven, but were never able to
close the contract.
In 1776 they promised, if Providence would
crown their revolution with success, they would
do justice to their bondmen. John Jay, the
first Chief Justice of the United States, assigned
the reason for the covenant in the following
words:
"I believe that God governs the world; and I be-
lieve it to be a maxim in His, as in our courts, that
those who ask for equity ought to do it."
Laurens, of South Carolina, came to the
confessional with most appropriate words:
"lam not one of those who dare trust in Provi-
dence for defense and security of their own liberty
while they enslave and wish to continue in slavery
thousands who are as well entitled to freedom as
themselves."
But after the shouts of their deliverance had
gone out to the ends of the earth, what did
they testify as to the fulfillment of Jehovah's
part of the contract? It was fitting that Wash-
ington should announce the result. Hear him:
"Every step by which the United States have ad-
vanced to the character of an independent nation
seems to have be'en distinguished by some tokcu of
providential agency."
But the storm once abated, the emotions
evoked by its original fury soon subsided and
were followed by terrible apostacy. The Father
of his Country marked this change with deep
regret. To Colonel Laurens he said, in 1782:
" The spirit of freedom which, at the, commence-
ment of this contest, would have gladly sacrificed
everything to the attainment of its object has long
since subsided, and every selfish passion has taken
its place."
Luther Martin, of Maryland, said :
"When our liberties were at stake we warmly felt
for the common rights of men. The danger being
thought to bo past which threatened ourselves, wo
are daily growing more insensible to those rights.
Mr. President, these venerable men were
right, that national sins bring national punish-
ments. They were right in affirming that the
, promise extorted by calamity often-fails in
prosperity, and that their own pledges unful-
filled were recorded on high. At last, through
long years of such terrible apostacy as never
before disgraced Christian civilization, we were
called upon to comply with that old and sacred
contract entailed upon us by the men of the
Revolution. We entered as our first answer,
this is a white man's war and we are amply
able. Providence replied with Bull Run and
like disasters. Finally, to the ear of this na-
tion came from over the lapse ot years the ad-
monitory words of Martin, " respect the com-
mon rights of men." The patriot father called
upon for another son to fill the place of him in
his gory bed, the wife mourning a fallen hus-
band, and orphan children, in their unutterable
anguish, learned to pronounce, " respect the
common rights of men 1" Providence hedges-
us around from every avenue of escape, or else
to-day we would have been found enacting
over again the scene described by V\ ashington,
allowing '; the spirit of freedom to subside and
every selfish passion take its place.'' But the
mere fatt of emancipation is not a full compli-
ance with our national duty unless that carries
with it all the rights and privileges of freemen.
To grant a man his freedom from slavery and
yet not secure to him the full and fair protec-
tion of law is only a mockery and insult. To
allow him to amass property and . then' let
others govern it by law, to allow him to seek
liberty but deny him-the power of preserving
it by legislation, to allow him the claim to life
but refuse him a jury of his peers, would be to
rob him of the substance and cheat him with
the shadow. :
Mr. President, there seems to be a strange
discrepancy in many of the leading positions
of the speech of the Senator from Wisconsin.
In one instance he affirms:
"Now that they have in good faith pledged anew
their allegiance, and desire to join with us in rebuild-
ing the waste places overrun by this desolating war;
now that they have in fact ceased to be rebels, why
shall we continue to denounce them as rebels?"
But in the next breath he tells of a war of
races. He says—
"That war is now impending over all the South;
it is only the presence of the Federal Army which
prevents its outbreak upon a giganticscale in the exile
and extermination of the blacks from the Potomao
to the Rio Grande."
Of this I have no doubt. Prom all the, de-
nunciation of Union men in the rebel papers
of the South; from all the murders of loyal
colored men in the South; from the refusal to
punish for crimes against life and property and
character when loyalty seeks redress in rebel
courts, I have no doubt but it is a fact that
only "the Federal Army prevents the exter-
mination or exile of the blacks fromthePotomac
to the Rio Grande." Fatal admission ; terri-
ble truth 1
But, Mr. President, the passionate appeals
of the Senator, his fiery denunciations, his
strange perversion of facts, all tend to precipi-
tate that very state of things he professes to
deplore. These are no new alarms; the changes
have been rung upon them ever since the fatal
rupture between the President and Congress.
The Philadelphia convention, of which the Sen-
ator was so conspicuous a member, prepared
the public mind for just such a state of facts
by declaring that—
"No people have ever yet existed whose loyalty
and faith such treatment long continued would not
alienate and impair."
This was intended to be an apology for the
first outburst of rebel hate. But then, as if a
little fermentation might aid the rising storm,
the address continued:
" The ten millions of Americans who live in the
South would be unworthy citizens of a free country,
degen erate sons of a n li eroic ancestry, unfit ever to be-
coiiie guardians of the rights and liberties bequeathed
to us by the lathers and founders of this Republic, if
they could accept, with uncomplaining submissive-
ness, the humiliations thus sought to be imposed
upon them."
Certainly the leaven has leavened the lump;
certainly the party have the anticipated results
in the necessity of a Federal Army to save the
blacks from "exile or extermination.'!
But the Senator says "they have in good
faith pledged their allegiance" and ceased to
be "rebels. The rebels of the Soutli would not
thank the Senator for such assertions. They
know they cling to the fancy that the lost, cause
will yet revive, and in all their social gatherings
sing their rebel songs, eulogize their heroes,
and curse the Union, the Yankees, and the
flag. They hold as their true position, with the
Augusta (Georgia) Constitutionalist: " Weare
a beaten people; beyond that declaration do
i not go." They hold with Chalmers: "We of
: the South struck for individual liberty, but
! centralization overwhelmed us and endangers
! the liberty of the whole country." They hold
S with the Mobile Tribune, relative to the Or-
i leans massacre: "It was well done; even it
j five times or five hundred times the sacrifice
of life had been made to accomplish the pur-
pose it would still have been well done." 1 ncy
hold with the.same paper "that the defunct
confederacy seems not to be so very dead m
Kentucky after all." Does any sane man be-
lieve for a single moment that to knock down
and beat an opponent ever expelled a logical
fallacy from his head or expelled a corrupt
motive from his heart? Rather he would cling
