THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
common-law crimes tliey may omit to make
homicide a penal offense as to Indians, ne-
groes, or others, if the Legislature so determ-
ine, in the absence of a law of Congress sim-
ilar to the " civil rights" act.*
If no act is impeachable which is not made
criminal, then its criminality must depend—
1. On an act of Congress defining crimes; or,
2. On acts of State Legislatures defining
crimes; or,
3. On the definition of common-law crimes
in the States; or,
4. On the common-law crimes existing in
England when the Constitution was adopted.
It is quite clear that national law in some
form must control it, since "the UnitedStates
have-no concern with any but their own laws."f
The national Government is complete in
itself, with powers which neither depend on
nor can be abridged by State laws. %
If, then, impeachment is limited to acts made
criminal by a statute of Congress, an officer of
the United States cannot be impeached, though
he should go into the " Dominion of Canada"
or the "republic of Mexico" and there stir
up insurrection or be guilty of violating all
the laws of the land ; or if he should go into a
State and violate all of itslaws. || If so, a high-
way robber may be President, and he is exempt
from impeachment!
It is not possible that a position so mon-
strous was intended by the framersof the Con-
stitution. Nor can the criminal statutes or
common law of the States limit or regulate
national impeachable offenses. The fact that
each State uiffers from all others in its laws
renders this impossible. It never could have
been designed to control the national power
of impeachment by State laws, ever varying
and conflicting as they are.<§
*Act of April 0,1866,14 Stat., 27.
t " It was said by one of the counsel that the
offense must be a breach either ot the common law,
a Stato law, or a law of tho United. States, and that
no lawyer could speak of a misdemeanor but as an
act violating some one of these laws. This doctrine
surely is not warranted, for the Government of the
United States have no coneer/f with any but their
own laws.'' * * * 44 But as a member
of the House of Representatives, and acting as a man-
ager of an impeachment before tho highest court in
the nation, appointed to try tho highest officers of
the Government, when I speak of a misdemeanor I
mean an act oi official misconduct, a violation of
official duty, whether it be a proceeding against a
positive law or a proceeding unwarranted by law/'
(Per Nicholson arguendo, 2 Chase's Trial, 34U; per
ilodnoy, 387.)
Weston vs. City Council of Charleston, 2 Peters,
449; McCulloch v*. Maryland. 4 Wheat., 316; Osborn
vs. Bank of the United States, 9 lb., 7J8.
|| Mr. Rodney, in the argument of Oh file's trial,
said: "When gentlemen talk of an indictinentbeing
a necessary substratum of an impeachuientlshouid
bo glad to be informed in what court it must be sup-
ported. In the courts of the United States or in the
State courts? If in the State courts, then in which
of them; or provided it can be suppoited in an) of
them, will the act warrant an impeachment? If an
indictment must lie in the courts of the United
States, in the long catalogue of crimes there are a
very few which an officer might not commit with
impunity. He might be guilty of treason against an
individual State; of murder, arson, forgery, and
perjury in various forms, without being amenable to
tho Inderal jurisdiction, and unless he could be
indicted before them he could not be impeached."
(2 Chase's Trial, 889.)
The doctrine that not hi no i s impeachable unlets in-
dictable by act of Congress is impracticable.
If only offences indictable by act of Congress are
impeachable, the Ptesident and all civil officers will
escape impeachment for many of the highest crimes.
Murder, arson, robbery, and other crimes committed
in a State are indictable by State laws, but cannot
be made so by act of Congress.
§ In the argument of Chase's trial Mr. Rodney
said : "Are we then to resort to tho erring data of
the different States? In New Hampshire drunken-
ness may be an indictable offense, but not in another
State. Shall a United States judge be impeached and
removed for getting intoxicated in Now Hampshire,
when he may drink as he pleases in other States with
impunity? In some States witchcraft is a heinous
offense, which subjects the unfortunate person to
indictment and punishment; in other States it is
unknown as a crime. A great variety of cases might
be put to expose the fallacy of the principle, and to
prove how improper it would bo for this court to be
governed by thepractice of the different States. The
variation of such a compass is too great for it to be
relied oir. Tnis honorablo body must have a stand-
ard of their own, which will admit of no change or
deviation." (2 Chase's Trial, 389.)
If impeachments were limited in England to
indictable offenses, as they never have been, it
is manifest no such rule can be adopted here,
for we have no uniform and single standard of
'the common law as there.
And as the Supreme Court has determined
that the common-law crimes do not exist in
our national system, it cannot be supposed
they are more applicable to the Senate than to
our ordinary courts. We can, therefore, safely
adopt the remark of "the great Selden" on
the impeachment of Ratcliffe:^ "It were
betterf to examine fhis matter according to
the rules and foundations of this House;1' that
is, upon the great principles of parliamentary
law adapted to our condition and circumstan-
ces, as modified by the Constitution, giving it
a construction equal to every emergency which
may call its powers into exercise, and giving
in its interpretation full effect in constitutional
forms to the maxim it was designed to make
effectual—"that the safety of the Republic is
the supreme law."J
If we adopt the test that an act to be im-
peachable must be indictable at common law,
the Constitution will be practically nullified on
this subject.
It a rule of the common law " that judges
of record are freed from all presentations
whatever except in Parliament, where they
may be punished for anything done by them in
such courts as judges."||
Bishop declares that at common law "the
doctrine appears to be sufficiently established
that legislators, the judges of our highest
courts, and of all courts of record acting judi-
cially, jurors, and probably such of the high
officers of each of the governments as are in-
trusted with responsible discretionary duties,
are not liable to an ordinary criminal process,
like an indictment, for their official doings,
however corrupt." (1 Bishop's Crim. Law,
915 [362.] )
"At common law an ordinary violation of
a public statute by one not in office, though
the statute in terms provides no punishment,
is an indictable misdemeanor." (1 Bishop,
535 [187.] )
And a similar violation by inferior officers
was an indictable misdemeanor.
"If a public officer intrusted with definite
powers, to be exercised for the benefit of the
community, wickedly abuses or fraudulently
exceeds them, he is punishable by indictment,
though no injurious effects result to any indi-
vidual from his misconduct." (Whart. Crim.
Law, sec. 2514.)
" Whatever mischievously affects the person
or properly of another, or openly outrages de-
cency, or disturbs public order, or is injurious
to public morals, or is a breach of official duty,
when done corruptly, is the subject of indict-
ment." (Whart., sec. 3.)
^ Vol. 6 Am. Law Reg., N. S., 204; 4 Howard's State
Trials, 47.
• f A minister is answerable for the justice, the hon-
esty, the utility of all measures emanating lrom the
Crown, as well as for their legality,' and thus the
executive administration is, orought to be, subordi-
nate, in all great matters of policy, to the superin-
tendence and virtual contiol of the two houses of
Parliament. (2 Ilailam's Const. History, 550.)
i"It may be alleged that the power of impeach-
ment belongs to the House of Representatives, and
that with a view to the exercise of this power that
House have the right to investigate the conduct of
all public officers under tho Government. This is
cheerfully admitted. In such a case the mfetvof the
llepubhc would be the supreme law ; and the power of
the House in the pursuit of this object would pene-
trate into the most secret rceessos of the executive
department." (President Polk's Message, Jour. Ho.
Hep., 29th Cong., 1st sess.,693.) " tialuspopuhsuprcma,
lex Broom's Legal Maxims;, Bluunt's Trial, Whart,
State Trials 3U0, per Blount; Preseott's Trial, 181,per
Shaw ; contra, Blake, 116.
Ii 1 Hawkins, 192,ch.73, sec. 6; 1 Salk., 396; 2 Wood-
deson, 596,355; Jacob's Law Die., tit. Judges; 12 Coke,
25-6; Hammond a?, llowell, 2 Mod., 218; 2?loyd
Barker, 12 Co., 23-5. "The doctrine which holds a
judge exempt from a civil suit or indictment tor any
act done or omitted to be done by hiin sitting as a
judge has a deep root in the common law,'' per
Kent: Yates Lansing, 5 Johns., 291; 9 lb., 395;
Cunningham v . Bucklew, 8 Cow., 178; Peck's Trial,
492; 2 Chase's Trial, 389. But see the ruling of Chief
Justice Shippen, referred to in Addison's (Pa.) Trial,
70; 1 Bishop on Orim. Law, 91f>[352:14 Blaekst., J21.
It may be said the immunity of a judge from
indictment for his official acts at common law "is
placed on grounds of public policy, to secure his
independence, and that it is the indictable char-
acter of the act, if done by a private individaal,
which gives jurisdiction by impeachment. But
even this proves that personal liability to an
indictment is no test of irapeaehability. ' Aiid
in the nature of things official acts cannot be
done by private individuals, sci that the indict-
able character of an act is no test of its im-
peachability; and no such test could have
entered into the minds of the fdufcers of the
Constitution.
It is a rule of interpretation that a law or ati
instrument is not to be construed so as to make
its "effects and consequences" absurd, if its
language may be fairly understood otherwise.
To permit allacts to escape impeachment,
unless indictable at common law,* would lead
to consequences the most ruinous and absurd.f
If a judge should persistently hear the argu-
ments of one party to causes privately and out
* On the trial of Chase Mr. Nicholson said: " You,
Mr. President, as Vice-President of the United
States, together with the Secretary of the Treasury,
the Chief Justice, and the Attorney General, as coin-
missionersof the dinking fund, have annually at your
disposal $8,000,000 for the purpose of paying the
national debt. If, instead of applying it to this
public use, you should divert it to another channel,
or convert it to your own private uses, I ask if there
is a man in tho world who would hesitate to say that
you ought to bo impeached for this misconduct. And
yet there is no court in this country in which you
could bo indicted for it. Nay, sir, it would amount
to nothing more than a breach of trust, and would
not be indictable under tho favorite common law.
" If a judge should order a cause to be tried with
eleven jurors only surely he might be impeached for
it, and yet I Relieve there is no court in which he
could be indicted." '(2 Chase's Trial, 339.)
t On Chase's trial Mr. Rodney said .* "I think I can
put" * * * * "striking cases of mis-
conduct in a judge for which it must be admitted that
an impeachment will He, though no indictment fat
common law] could bo maintained." He puts tho
cases: if a judge at tho time appointed for court
"should appear and open the court, and, notwith-
standing there was pressing business to be done, he
should proceed knowingly and willfully to adjourn
it until tho next stated period." * * * *
" Suppose lm proceeded in the dispatch of business,
and from prejudice against one party or favor to his
antagonist he ordered on the trial of a cause, though
legal ground for postponement."
' If when the jury returned to the bar to give the
verdict ho should knowingly receive the verdict of
a majority."
"Were a judge to entertain the suitors with a
farce or a comedy instead of hearing their causes,
and turn a jester or buffoon on the bench, I presume
he would subject himself to an impeachment. (2
Chase's Trial, 390.)
Mr. Harper, for thedefense, practically abandoned
the idea that an indictable offense was necessary. He
said : " There are reasons which appear to me unan-
swerable in favor of the opinion that no offense is
impeachable unless itbc also the proper subject of an
indictment." * * * # "Icansupposecases
where a judge ought to be impeached for acts which
I am notprepared to declare indictable [at common
law.] Suppose, for instance, that a judgeshould con-
stantly omit to hold court, or should habitually attend
so short a time each day as to render it impossibleto
despatch the business." (2 Chase's Trial, 255.)
Mr. Randolph said: " The President of the United
States has a qualified negative on ail bills passed by
thetwoIlousesofCongrcss/' .*. * * * "Let
us suppose it exercised indiscriminately on overy act
presented for his acceptance. This surely would bo
an abuse of his constitutional power richly deserving:
impeachment; and yet no man will pretend to say it
is an indictable offense." (2Chase'sTrial, 452; Wick-
liffc's argument on Peck's Trial, 311.)
On Peck's trial, Mr. Wickliffe put additional cases:
"Suppose a judge under the influence of political
feeling shall award to his favorite anew trial" *
* x "• * "againstknownlaw.wouldthisb©
an indictable offense?"
"Suppose a judge" 5-: * * * "shalllabor
for two hours in abuse upon an unoffending citizen
whom he has dragged before him." (Peck's Trial,
310.)
" If a head of aDcpartmentshould divert hispower
and patronage for his personal or political aggran-
dizement." (Id., 310.)
On Peck's trial, Mr. Buchanan said: "The abuse
of a power which has been given may be as criminal
as tho usurpation of a power which has not been
granted. Suppose aman to beindicted for an assault
and battery. He is tried and found guilty; and the
judge, without any circumstances of peculiar aggra-
vation having been shown,fines him$l,000, and com-
mits him to prison lor a year. Now, although tho
judge may possess the power to fine and imprison for
this offense at his discretion, would not this punish-
ment be such an abuse of judicial discretion, and
afford such evidence of the tyrannical and arbitrary
exercise of power as would justify the House of Rep-
resentatives in voting an impeachment?" (Peck's
Trial, 427.)
