3130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
courtofthcpidnotofColumbia, or anyjudge thereof.
Snail have jurisdiction to enforce, by mandamus or
otherwise, the right of any person holding the certifi-
cate mentioned in the first section of this act; and
the action of said court in relation thereto shall be
linal.
I move to strike from this last clause all
after the word " act." ■
Mr. HARLAN. I see no objection to the
Senator's amendment.
Mr. IiBNDKIOKS. Very well.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. One more amendment
ana I shall not trouble the Senate. I move to
strike out the second section.
The section was read as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That any person
whoshall hinder or obstruct a person holding the
certificate of election mentioned in the foregoing
section from entering upon or discharging the duties
ot such office, shall bo deemed guilty of a misde-
meanor, and upon conviction thereof in any court
of competent jurisdiction shall be fined in any sum
not exceeding SI,000, or be imprisoned in the county
jail not exceeding six months, or both said punish-
ments, in the discretion of the court.
Mr. HENDRICKS. This is an extraordi-
nary provision, I think, to make it a crime to
obstruct in any way the entering upon an office
by anybody. I do not know of any such pro-
vision in any of the States, and I think we are
getting quite enough of criminal laws on the
statutes of the United States without a provis-
ion of this sort. I think there are two vices
now prevalent, one making acrime out of every-
thing until "crime" ceases to be offensive al-
most, and the other is requiring everything to
be sworn to, so that the sanctity of an oath is
absolutely lost.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. VICKERS. T offer an amendment to
add to the fourth section the following proviso :
Provided, That this act shall not extend to the con-
tested elections now pending in the said city, but
that the said elections shall be decided by the tribu-
nal which shall have jurisdiction of the same.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading ; was read the third time, and
passed.
message irom tub ii0usi5.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk,announced
that the House had passed a bill (II. R. No.
1255) for the relief of Chanipe Carter, jr.;
and a joint resolution (H. Ii. No. 295) to
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to
remit the duties on certain articles contributed
to the National Association of American Sharp-
shooters ; in which itrequested the concurrence
of the Senate.
i'.nrolled bills signed.
The messagealsoannounced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolutions; and they were
thereupon signed by the Presidentpro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 322) granting a pension to
Sherman H. Cowles;
A bill (S. No. 323) granting a pension to
Michael Kelley;
A bill (S. No. 344) granting a pension to
Caroline and Margaret Swartwout;
A bill (S. No. 420) granting a pension to
James A. Guthrie;
A bill (S. No. 421) granting a pension to
Caroline E. Thomas;
A bill (S. No. 424) granting a pension to
Bartlctt and Carrie Edwards, children of
David W. Edwards, deceased; and
A jrtint, resolution (II. 11. No. 137) request-
ing the President to intercede with her Majesty,
the Queen of Great Britain,ito secure the speedy
release of Rev. John McMahou, convicted of
treason-felony, and now confined at Kingston,
Canada West.
bills introduced.
Mr. CATTELL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 543) to provide for a further issue of
temporary loan certificates for the purpose of
redeeming and retiring the remainder of the
outstanding compound interest notes; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committeemen Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 544) to provide for a board of commis-
sioners for the District of Columbia; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on tho District of Columbia, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to tho bill (H. R. No.
605) making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending the 30th of June,
1869 ; which was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
house bills referred.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 294) donat-
ing to the Washington City Orphan Asylum
the iron railing taken from the old Hall of the
House of Representatives was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds.
The bill (II. R. No. 1215) for the relief of
Chanipe Curler, jr.. was read twice by its tille,
and referred to the Committee on Claims.
The joint, resolution (H. II. No. 295) to
authorize the SccrctaryoftheTreasurytoremit
the duties on certain articles contributed to
the National Association of American Sharp-
shooters was read twice by its title, andreferred
to the Committee on Finance.
executive session.
On motion of Mr. POMEliOY, tho Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business ; and after some time spent in execu-
tive session the doors were reopened, and the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, June 13, 18G8.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
On motion of Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous
consent, the reading of the Journal of yester-
day was dispensed with.
national banks.
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to a question of
privilege. On the 25th of May 1 offered a
resolution, which was adopted, calling upon the
Comptroller of the Currency for certain inform-
ation. On the next day the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooper,] whom 1 do not
now see in his seat, entered a motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted. Since that time he has taken no
action in connection with that motion, and
I now call it up and move that it be laid upon
the table.
Mr. CULLOM. Is that privileged ?
The SPEAKER. It is, and can be called
up at any time when there is no business before
the House.
Mr. CULLOM. There is evidently no quo-
rum here.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
the gentleman from Pennsylvania will wait
until the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hooper] is in his seat.
Mr. RANDALL. I have waited two weeks
already and the gentleman from Massachusetts
has taken no action on the subject, and this is
the only time in the day when I can make my
motion. I ask that the resolution maybe read
for the information of the House.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
lie/solved. That the Comptroller of the Currency be
requested to furnish to this House astateinentof the
amount of dividends declared by the national bank-
ing associations since their organization under the
present national banking act; the amount credited
to tho real estate account distinct from the capital
expended therefor; tho amount credited to the sur-
plus account; the amount of their undivided profits
and all losses, each respectively per annum. If such
information be not in llis possession, ho is further
directed to take prompt measures to procure and
transmit the same to this House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This is
evidently going to require a division of the
House, and it is apparent there is no quorum
here. Besides, the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Hoopeb] is not. present. As this is
a privileged matter the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Randall] can call it up at any
time.
Mr. RANDALL. I am advised by the
Speaker that this is the only time in the day
when I can call the matter up.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, here en-
tered the Hall and said: I withdraw the mo-
tion to reconsider.
Mr. RANDALL. I renew the motion to
reconsider, and also move to lay that motion
on the table.
The SPEAKER. That is not necessary;
and besides the time for making the motion to
reconsider has passed.
sarah hackleman.
Mr. HOLMAN. There was a tacit under-
standing on yesterday that I should have per-
mission to introduce the bill which I now send
to the Clerk's desk to be read. I hope there
will be no objection to it.
The bill was one granting a pension to Sarah
Ilackleman, widow of Brigadier General Pleas-
ant A. Hackleman.
The bill was read at length. The first sec-
tion directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place on the pension roll the name of Sarah
Hackleman, widow of Brigadier General Pleas-
ant A. Hackleman, for a pension at the rate of
fifty dollars a month, from the 3d day of Octo-
ber, 18C2, on which day General Hackleman fell
mortally wounded at the battle of Corinth.
The second section discontinues the pension
heretofore allowed to Sarah Hackleman under
the general law.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
introduction of this bill for consideration at
the present time?
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire tho attention of
the House for a moment while I explain this
bill. I hold in my hand  *
Mr. HARDING. Has that bill been reported
from any committee?
The SPEAKER. It has not. The gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Holman] asks unani-
mous consent for its introduction and con-
sideration at this time.
Mr. HARDING. _ I think the bill should be
referred to a committee.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman will
not insist upon that. It was understood yes-
terday that I should have leave to introduce
this bill.
Mr. HARDING. It is a very unusual pro-
ceeding.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the gentleman will listen
to me for a moment 
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Harding] persists in his objec-
tion, the bill is not now before the House.
Mr. HARDING. I insist upon my objec-
tion. I am willing that the bill shall be intro-
duced and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is too late in the session
to expect to get any more reports from that
committee, as the gentleman from Illinois well
understands.
Mr. HARDING. I hope not, for there are
several bills before that committee in which my
constituents are interested.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will consent to have the
bill referred, if permission can be given to the
committee to report upon it at any time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
that permission will be given, and also to report
at any time in the case of Mrs. Beeler, the
widow of Major Beeler, a paymaster, who died
while in the service of the Government.
Mr. HARDING. I object to any special
privileges being given to the widows of officers
who are now receiving pensions and desire an
increase of pension, while there are dozens of
widows of private soldiers who need pensions
and have not received them.
Mr. HOLMAN. Very well; then I will try
and get this bill before thc^iouse on Monday
next.
