48
SUPPLEMENT TO
pf court the evil would become so intolerable
in an officer holding for good behavior that he
should be removed.
If the President should hold out promises of
offices of honor and trust to the friends of Sen-
ators to influence iheirvotes the consequences
might be so pernicious and corrupting, espe-
cially in an hour of national peril, when a
single vote might decide the life of the Gov-
ernment, that the safety of the Republic would
demand impeachment. Such a President would
violate his oath faithfully to execute his duties.
There are.many breaches of trust not amount-
ing to felonies, yet so monstrous as to render
those guilty of them totally unfit for office.
Nor is it always necessary that an act to be
impeachable must violate a positive law. There
are many misdemeanors, in violation of official
oaths and of duty alike shocking to the moral
sense of mankind and repugnant to the pure
administration of office, that may violate no
positive law.*
The indiscriminate veto of all bills by the
President, his retaining in office men subject to
his removal, knowing them to be utterly inca-
pable of performing the duties, of their office,
and other misdemeanors, would manifestly be
proper subjects of an impeachment, for other-
wise a wicked, corrupt, or incompetent foreign
minister might embroil the nation in a war
imperiling our existence, to avoid which im-
peachment might be the only remedy.
The impeachment trials in the United States
may be said to have conclusively settled these
questions, f
The first case tried—that of William Blount,
a Senator of the United States from Tennes-
see—simply decided that none but civil officers
can be impeached, and thata Senatoris not such
civil officer. But the articles of impeachment
—none of which charged a statutory crime, and
some certainly no common-law offense—pro-
ceeded upon the idea that acts were impeach-
ablej which were not indictable, so much so
* " There are offenses for which an officer may be
impeached, and against which there are no known
positive laws. It is possible that the day may arrive
when a President of the United States, having some
great political object in view, may endeavor to influ-
ence Congress by holding out threats or inducements
to them. A treaty may bo made which the President,
with some view, may bo extremely anxious to have
ratified. The hopo of office may be held out to a
Senator: and 1 think it cannot be doubted that for
this the President would bo liable to impeachment,
although therois no positive law forbidding it.. Again,
sir, a member of the Senate or of the House of Rep-
resentatives may have a very dear friend in office,
and the President may tell him unless you vote for
my measures your friend shall bedismissed. Where
Is the positive law forbidding this? Yet, where is
the man wJJo would be shameless enough to rise in
the face of hi* country and defend such conduct, or
be bold enough to contend that the President could
not be impeached for it?" (Per Nicholson, 2Chase's
Trial. 339,341; see Peek's Trial, 309.)
"The abuse of a power given may bo as criminal
as the usurpation of a power not granted." (Per
Buchanan on Peck's Trial, 427.)
lie supposes the ease of a judge having discretion-
ary power to lino and imposing enormous and unneces-
sary punishment.
t Those before the Senate of the United States arc
the ca*es of—
1. William Blount, a Senator of the United States,
July 1797, to January 1798. (Wharton's St,ato Trials,
200.)
2. John Pickering, district judge. New Hampshire,
1803-04. (.Annals of Congress; 2 ilildreth's History,
518.)
3. Samuel Chase, associate justice of the Supreme
Court United States, 1804-05. (Trial of Chase, by
Smith t£ Lloyd, 2 vols.)
4. James Peck, district judge, Missouri, 1826, M31.
(Peek's trial, by Stansbury. 1 vol.)
5. West W, Humphreys, district judge of Tennes-
see, 1802. (Congressional Globe, vols. 47, 48, 49, 2d
session 37th Congress. See lleport No. 4.1, 2d session
37th Congress, vol. 3, Reports of Committees.)
+ There wore five articles—
1. That in 1797 Spain, -owning the Floridas and
Louisiana, was at war with England, and Senator
Blount "did conspire and contrive to create, promote,
and set on foot" * * v * "intheUnited
States, and to conduct and carry on from thence a
military hostile expedition against" * * *
* "the Floridas and Louisiana" * * * *
" for the purpose of wresting the same from" Spain,
and of conqueringthe game for Great Britain, in vio-
lation of the obligations of neutrality of the United
State'.
2. That by the treaty of October 27,1705, the United
States and Spain agieed to restrain Indian hostilities
in thecountry adjacent, to the Floridas, yet Blount, in
1707, "did conspire and coutiivc to excite the Creek
that no objection was suggested on that ac-
count.
The next case is that of Judge Pickering,*
who was convicted upon each of four several
articles of impeachment before the Senate, and
removed from office in March 1804. f This case
and Cherokee Indians" in the United States "to
commence hostilities against the subjects and posses-
sions in the Floridas and Louisiana, for the purpose
of reducing the same to the dominion of" * - *
* * "Great Britain," in violation of the treaty,
the obligations of neutrality and his duties as Sen-
ator.
8. That Blount, in April; 1797, to accomplish his
designs aforesaid, did'1 conspire and contrive to alien-
ate the confidence of said Indian tribes" from the
United States Indian agent, " and to diminish, im-
pair, and destroy" his influence" with the said Indian
tribes, and their friendly intercourse and understand-
ing with him."
4. That Blount, in April, 1797, "did conspire and
contrive to seduce" an Indian interpreterof theUni-
ted States with the Indians under a treaty between
them and the United States "from Ms duty, and to
engage" him "to assist in the promotion and exe-
cution of his said criminal intentions and conspira-
cies."
5. That Blount, in April, 1797, "did conspire and
contrive to diminish and impair the confidence of
said Cherokee nation in the Government of the Uni-
ted States, and to create and foment discontents and
disaffection amongthe said Indianstoward the" *
* * * "United States in relation to" ascer-
taining and marking the boundary line between tho
lands of the Indians and of the United States m pur-
suance of a treaty between them,
* The articles cbargcd—
1. That the surveyor of the district of New Hamp-
shire did, in the port of Portsmouth, seize the ship
Eliza for unlading foreign goods contrary to law, and
the marshal of the district, on the 16th of October,
1802, by order of Judge Pickering, did arrest and de-
tain said ship for trial, and the act of Congress of
March 2,1789, provides that such ship may. by order
of the judge, be delivered to the claimant on giving
bond to the United States, and on producing a cer-
tificate from the collector of the district that tho du-
ties on the goods and tonnage duty ot the ship had
been paid; yet Judge Pickering, with intent to evade
the act of Congress, ordered the ship to be restored
to the claimant without producing the certificate of
payment of duties and tonnage duty.
2. That at the district court of New Hampshire, in
November, 18U2, the collector having libeled said
ship beoauso of said unlawtul unlading of goods and
prayed her forfeiture to tho United States, yet Judge
Pickering, with intent to defeat the just claims of the
United States, refused to hear the testimony of wit-
nesses produced to sustain the claim of the United
States, and without hearing them did order and de-
cree said ship to be restored to the claimant, contrary
to law.
3. That the act of 24th September, 1789, authorizes
au appeal to the ciicuit court in such case, and the
United States district attorney did claim an appeal
from said decrce, yet said judge, disregarding the
law, intending to injure the revenues, refused to allow
an appeal.
4. That Judge Pickering being a man of loose mor-
als and intemperate habits, on 11th and 12th Novem-
ber, 1802, did appear on the bench of his court for the
purposo of administering justice in a state of intoxi-
cation produced by inebriating liquors, and did then
and theic frequently and in a most profane and in-
decent manner invoke the name of the Supreme
Being. (Annals of Congress-x^f 1803-'!, page 319.)
11. This case was thus commented on during Peck's
trial:
"I admit that if the charge against a judge be
merely an illegal decision or a question of property
in a cim( cause his error ought to be gross and pal-
pable indeed to justify the infcrenceipf a criminal in-
tention and to convict him upon an impeachment.
And yet one case of this character occurred in our
history. Judge Pickering was tried and condemned
upon all tho four articles exhibited against him,
although the first three contained noother charge than
that ot making decisions contrary to law in a eauso
involving a mere question of property, and then re-
fusing to grant the party injured an appeal from his
decision, h> which he was entitled." (Per Buchanan,
in Peck's Trial, 428.)
Mr. Nicholsona/v/uencfo, (2Chase\s Trial,341,) inrc-
fcrrmg to Pickering's case, says he "was impeached
for drunkenness and profane swearing on the bench,
although there is no law of the United States for-
bidding them. Indeed, 1 do not know that there is
any law punishing either in New Hampshire, where
the offense was committed. It was said by one of the
counsel that those weie indictableoffen&es. I, how-
ever. do not know where; certainly not in England.
Drunkenness is punishable thereby the ecclesiastical
authority; but the temporal magistrate never had
any power ovci it until it was given by a statute of
James I, and even then tho power was not to be
exercised by the courts, but only by a justice of tho
pcace, as is now tho case in Maryland, where a small
fine may be imposed."
Mr. Harper had qpid: "Habitual drunkenness in
a judge, and profane swearing in any person, arc in-
dictable offena.es, [at common law.] And if the^ were
not, still they are violation*? of the law. I do not
mean to say that thero is a statute against drunken-
ness and protane swearing. But they are offenses
against good morals, and as such are forbidden bv
tho common law. They are offenses in the sight of
God and man." (.2 Chase's Trial, 255,400.)
proves that a violation of lato of a particular
character, and drunkenness and profanity on the
bench, are each impeachable high crimes and
misdemeanors. In this case the defense of insan-
ity was made and supported by evidence. The
case does not show the opinion of Senators on
this evidence. But if the insanity was regarded
as proved, this case shows that a criminal in-
tent is not necessary to constitute an impeach-
able high crime and misdemeanor, but that the
power of impeachment may be interposed to
protect the public against the misconduct of
an insane officer.
The next case is that of Samuel Chase,"''" an
associate justice of the Supreme Court of the
United States. In this case it was insisted for
the accused that "no judge can be impeached
and removed from office for any actor offense
for which he could not be indicted," either by
statute or common law.f But this was denied
with convincing argument,J and was practi-
cally abandoned bythe defense.j)
* There were eight articles of impeachment:
1. That on the trial of Fries for treason in the cir-
cuit court of the United States for Pennsylvania, in
April, 1800, he
(1.) Prepared and furnished counsel an opinion in
writing on the questions of law in the case before
trial or argument.
(2.) Restricted Fries's- counsel from recurring to
certain English authorities and statutes of the Uni-
ted States illustrative of positions for defense.
(3.) Denied counsel tor defense the right to arguo
the law of the case to the jury, endeavoring to wrest
from the jury the right to determine questions of
law.
2. At the circuit court at Richmond, in May, 1800,
Callender was arraigned for libel on John Adams,
then President, and the judge, with intent to procure
his conviction, overruled the objection of Basset,
one of the jury, who wished to be excused because
he had made up his mind, and required him to sit on
the jury.
3. That with same intent the judge refused to per-
mit the evidence of a witness to be given, on pre-
tense that the witness could not prove the truth of
the whole of one of the charges contained in an in-
dictment embracing more than one fact.
4. Injustice and partiality in said case:
(1.) In compelling prisoner's counsel to reduce to
writing all questions proposed to be put to that
witness.
(2.) In refusing to postpone the trial on a sufficient
affidavit tiled.
(3.) Rude and contemptuous expressions to counsel.
(4.) Repeated and vexatious interruptions of coun-
sel, inducing them to abandon their cause and client.
5. That the judge awarded a capias for the arrest
of said Callender. when the statute of Virginia in
such case only authorized a summons requiring the
accused to answer.
6. The judge required Callender to submit to trial
during the term at which he was indicted, m viola-
tion of tho statute ot Yiiginia, declaring that the
accused shall not answer until tho next succeeding
term, the United States judiciary act of 24th Sep-
tember, 1789, recognizing the State laws as rules of
decision.
7. At tho circuit courtin Delaware, in June, 1800, the
judge refused to discharge the grand jury, although
entreated by several of the jury to do so, and alter tho
jury had regularly declared through their foreman
that they had found no bills of indictment, nor had
any presentment to make, and instructed the jury
that it was Iheii duty to look after a certain seditious
printer living in Wilmington. And the judge en-
joined on the district attorney the necessity of pro-
curing a file of a newspaper printed at Wilmington,
to find some passage which might furnish the ground-
work of a prosecution—all with intent to procure the
prosecution of said printer.
8. That the judge at the circuit court at Baltimore,
in May, 1803, perverted his official right and duty to
address the grand jury, delivering to them an inflam-
matory .political harangue, with intent to excite the
people of Maryland against their State government
and against tho United States.
[His address was in part against universal suffrage.]
fl. Chaso'sTrinl,9-18,perClark. Per Lee, 107, cit-
ing 2 Bacon,97. l'ci Martin, 137. Per Harper, 254-9.
Judge Chase in his answer declared that ho was
only liable lor a misdemeanor, "consisting m some
act done or omitted in violation of law forbidding or
commanding it," and that he was riot impeachable
"except for some offense for which he may be in-
dicted." (1 Chase's Tiial, 47, 48; 1 Story on Const.,
see. 796, note; 4 Eliot's Debates, 202.)
11 Chase's Trial, 353, per Campbell. Per Rodney,
378. 2 Chase's Trial, 335, 339-340, per Nicholson. 1
Chase's Trial, 335, 352; 2 Chase's Trial, 351. "It is
sufficient to show that the accused has transgressed
the line ot his official duty in violation of the laws
of his country, and that this conduct can only bo
accounted for on the ground of impure and corrupt
motives." (1 Chase's Trial, 353, per Campbell.) "Vio-
lation of official duty, whether it be a proceeding
against a positive law-or a proceeding unwarranted
by law." (2 Chase's Trial, 340, por Nicholson.)
ji 3 Chase's Trial, 255, per Harper. ®
On Peck'sTjial,427,Buchanan said: "The princi-
ple fairly to be deduced trom all the arguments on tho
