1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2107
fabulous capitals springing up suddenly from
fortuitous causes, not from the slow accumula-
tions of labor. I hope the House will concur
in the action of the committee, and leave this
whole subject of petroleum to be considered
and discussed in all its bearings when the gen-
eral bill shall come before us.
Mr. ALLISON. I yield two minutes to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Van Wyck,]
and then I will surrender the floor to the chair-
man of the committee, [Mr. Schenck.]
Mr. VAN WYCK. Mr. Speaker, in the two
minutes allowed me by the courtesy of the gen-
tleman from Iowa, I have only time to ask the
members of the House to read and consider
carefully the last section proposed in the re-
port of the committee. The well-settled prin-
ciples of law are here overthrown. The law
presumes that every man is innocent until he
is proved guilty. Yet this section proceeds
upon the principles that every man is to be
presumed guilty until he proves himself inno-
cent. Hence this legislation, harsh as it is, will
not have the effect to increase the revenues
nor to punish dishonest distillers, because it
•will be impossible in this country to obtain a
jury that would ever be willing, upon a mere
prima facie case, such as that contemplated
in this section, to convict any man. But the
harshest feature of this section is that which
provides that—
The fact of the selling below the amount of thetax
shall be held to b Q prima facie evidence tbat thecol-
lectors and assessors of the districts in which said
spirits were produced and were sold have severally
neglected their duties; and such collectors and as-
sessors shall thereupon be suspended from office.
Why, sir, under this provision, if any vaga-
bond chooses to buy in one district a barrel
of ardent spirits and then go into a second dis-
trict and sell it for $1 75 the revenue officers
of each district are to be considered as prima
facie guilty of negligence, and are to be sus-
pended from office. Why, sir, is it possible
that any Committee of Ways and Means should
propose such legislation by which all our reve-
nue officers are placed at the mercy of their
enemies? I have only time to call the atten-
tion of the House to this provision, and ask
members to decide whether they are willing to
do such injustice to the officers of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, in closing
this debate, I find that my colleague upon the
committee, the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Maynard,] has anticipated a good deal
i would have said upon the general subject of
taxation. Everybody is ready to help the com-
mittee to take the taxes off; but few seem dis-
posed to assist in maintaining and collecting
them. - But taxes we must have; and, as 1
have before said, in recommending the impo-
sition or continuance of taxation upon certain
articles, we have no disposition to levy taxes
where they are not necessary as sources of rev-
enue, but we are actuated by the conviction
that we must tax some things in order to have
revenue at all. Now, sir, I would gladlyadopt,
were it practicable, that platform suggested the
other day as the only one on which any party
could win—the platform which would insure
to every man a big roll of greenbacks in his
pocket and an exemption from all taxation.
But that is a Utopia to which we are not likely
to arrive. And therefore, sir, I say to the gen-
tleman, after a full, thorough, earnest investi-
gation of this whole subject, the Committee of
Ways and Means have come to the conclusion,
if we are to remit tax upon a large number of
manufactures of the country, as we are seek-
ing to do, we must at the same time get such
tax as we propose upon other subjects of tax-
ation, or to a certain extent upon those, in
order that we may have revenue enough to
carry on the operations of the Government.
Coming, then, to this particular subjectabout
which so much has been said, there is no tax
upon petroleum properly considered and no
tax upon crude oil as it comes from the bowels
of the earth. 1 would gladly tax that some
two or three cents per gallon, and thus make
foreigners, by whom it is bought and manufac-
tured after exportation, pay their proportion
to the support of our revenue; but after thorough
investigation we are satisfied we cannot tax the
crude oil without building up distilleries of coal
and peat and shale in England and other places
abroad to the detriment of our own manufac-
tures. If we tax, therefore, we have to tax,
as we are now doing, distilled oil—distilled oil
the product of petroleum. Shall we tax it as
now, or shall we come down one half? The
Senate propose a general reduction of one
half. Th*e law now produces $5,000,000. The
Senate throw off half of that, anil if gentlemen
will side with the Senate in propositions of this
kind they must recollect it is by so much they
help to embarrass the House in attempting to
get revenue for the Government so as to enable
us to relieve other things. As to our taxing the
poor man's light, I will not say a good deal of
that is demagogery, or, to use the Turkish term,
''bosh;" but I do say that assertion is made to
the face of the fact that under the present tax,
considered so onerous upon the products of
petroleum, they run down, down, down, until
no people are so cheaply lighted as ours.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I ask
the gentleman whether it is not true that almost
every other product of American industry has
declined to the same extent?
Mr. SCHENCK. No,sir; not if these gen-
tlemen tell the truth. They tell us while other
manufacturers are comparatively prosperous
they are utterly crushed out. We do not find
it so by investigation. I leave that now, sir,
to come back to this matter again. I say these
very manufacturers tell us they did not know
anything which could better bear the present
rate of taxation than these very products.'
What they do claim we are trying by our gen-
eral provisions to accomplish; that is, protec-
tion from illicit distillation of oil and protec-
tion from these dangerous adulterations ; and
if the House will confide in the committee we
can report a bill we think satisfactory upon
that point. And when the committee report
it, as I have said again and again, if gentle-
men will not undertake to interfere with it,
which gentlemen must admit this does to a cer-
tain extent, if they will let it alone for the next
three months, they will have the fullest oppor-
tunity on the general bill for amending it, if
they can, so as to induce the tax, or amend-
ing it so as to take the tax off altogether. I
hope they will not succeed, but they shall have
an opportunity of trying the question. For
that reason, among others, we beg them not-
to undertake the exemption of a certain class
of manufactures iu this indirect way from tax-
ation altogether.
My colleague [Mr. Garfield] wishes us to
extend this system of taxing sales above a cer-
tain amount to all manufactures. Our rea-
sons are very simple for not doing that, and
they have been well sustained by what the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] just
returned from that State, has stated. I say
we are compelled to put some special tax upon
sales in order to get revenue. Wc propose to
leave all outside of this bill for the present
until the general bill is passed ; that which is
exempt to remain exempt, and tbat which is
specially provided for to remain specially pro-
vided for. But so far as these particular
exemptions are concerned, we propose when
we take off the specific tax of a certain per-
centage directly upon the manufacturers, that
they shall be put under what will have to be a
provision, as we believe, of a general bill. If
we do not do this, what will be the effect?
While exempting them from every sort of tax
for the next two or three months, they will!
treat it as a great burden when we come to put |
the tax on their sales, and there will be great:
grumbling then. So now we propose to get j
rid of that difficulty by making the transaction j
at once.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The first amendment of the Senate was read,
as follows:
Add to section one the following proviso:
Provided, That tho produtst of petroleum and bitu-
minous substances hereinbefore mentioned, except
Jl1?- I"? s!13' , ' from and after the passage
of this act, be taxed at one half the rates fixed by
the said section ninety-four.
The committee recommended non-concur-
rence.
The question being put on concurring in the
amendment, there were—ayes 51, noes 53,
Mr. SCOFIELD demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 77, nays 03, not voting
49 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Axtell, Bailey, Banks, Beaman,
Beatty, Beck, Bingham, Blaine, Broomall, Bucldand,
Burr, Cake, Covode, Driggs, Eekley, Eggleston, Eld-
ridge, Eiiot, Fields, Fox, Getz, Glossbrenner, Golla-
day, Gravely. Grover, Halsey, Higby, Hotchkiss,
Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter, Ingersoll,
Kelley, Kerr, Keteham, Kitchen, Knott, Koontz,
George "V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Mereur,
Miller, Moorhead, Mungen, Myers, O'Neill, Paine,
Plants, Polsiey, Poweroy, Price, Pruyn, Randal!,
Robertson, Scofield, Shanks, Sitgrcaves, Spalding,
Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart, Stone, Taber, Lawrence
S. Trimble, Twiehell, Van Auken, Ward, Welker,
Thomas Williams, John T. Wilson, Stephen F.Wil-
son, Wood, Woodbridge, and Woodward—77.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
Baker, Baldwin, Benjamin, Benton, Boutwell, Brom-
well, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke, Coburn, Cook,
Cullom. Dawes, llixon. Bodge, Ferriss. Garfield, Gris-
wold, Hawkins, Hill. Ilolman, Hooper, Hopkins,
Richard D. Hubbard, Jenckes, Judd, lielsey, Laflin,
Lincoln, Loughridge, Marshall, Maynard, MeClurg,
McCormiek, Moore, Morrell, Mullins, Newcomb,
Niblaek, Orth, Perham, Pike, Poland, Raum, Ross,
Sawyer, Schenck, Seiye, Smith, Aaron F. Stevens,
Taylor, Thomas, John Trimble, Upson, Burt Van
Horn, RobertT. Van Horn, Van Trump, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, Elihu B. Washburne, and William B.
Washbui n—63.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Barnes, Barnum, Blair,
Boyer, Brooks, Butler, Cary. Churchill, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Cornell, Donnelly, Ela, Farnsworth,
Ferry, Finney, llaight, Harding, Asahel W. Uuh-
bard, Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Julian, Loan,
Logan, Lynch, Mallory, Marvin, McCarthy, McCul-
lough, Morgan, Morrissey, Nicholson, Nunn, Peters,
Phelps, Pile, Robinson, Shellabarger. Starkweather,
Stokes, Tafie, Trowbridge, Van Aernam, Van Wyck,
Henry D. Washburn, William Williams, James F.
Wilson, and Windom—40.
So the amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was concurred
in; and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The second amendment of the Senate was
read as follows :
At the end of section two add the following:
And nothing herein contained shall be construed
as a repeal of any tax upon machinery or other
articles which have been or may bedeliveredoncon-
tracts made with tho United States prior to the pas-
sage of this act.
The committee recommended non-concur-
rcnce.
The amendment was non-concurred in—
ayes sixteen, noes not counted,
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was non-con-
curred in ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The third amendment of the Senate was read,
as follows:
Add the following as a new section:
Sec. 3. And be it furtt.er enacted, That after the
1st day of April next, no allowance for drawback,
on account of internal taxes paid, shall be made on
the exportation of any article of domestic manufac-
ture on which there is no internal tax at the time of
exportation, and no claim for drawback on any
article exported prior to June 30, lboti. shall be
allowed unless presented to the Comuiissioucr ot
Internal Revenue within three months alter this act
takes effect.
The committee recommended concurrence,
with the following amendment:
Strike out all after the word "enacted,'' in the first
line, and insert in lieu thereof:
That after the 1st day of July, 18ljS, no allowance
for drawback on account of internal taxes paid on
manufactures shall be made on the exportation of
any article of domestic manufacture which is re-
lieved from tax by the provisions of this aet, nor
shall such allowance bo made in any ease unless it
shall be proved by sworn evidence, to the satisfac-
tion of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, that
such articles of manufacture were, prior to flie isr,
day of April, 1868, actually purchased or manufac-
tured and contracted to be delivered for such ex-
