1868,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3131
OKD1511 OF BUSINESS.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of
privilege.
Mr. SCHENCK. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. A question of privilege is
the regular order.
Mr. DAWES. Tdesire to call up for action
the amendments of the Senate to the House
joint resolution to relieve from political dis-
abilities It. R. Butler, of Tennessee.
Mr. MYERS. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] yield to me for a
moment?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sciiexck] has called for the regular order.
Mr. MYERS. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that call for a moment.
Mr. DAWES. In view of the condition of
the House this morning I will not call it up at
this time if the gentleman from Ohio will per-
mit me to call it up iinmediatelyafter the morn-
ing hour this morning.
Mr. SCHENCK. It will occasion debate
or a division of the House, and take up time.
Mr. DAWES. Then, if the gentleman in-
sists upon it, I shall have to call it up now.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman can do as
he pleases, but I do not think he should do
what he says.
Mr. DAWES. There is no objection, so far as
I know, to the amendment of the Senate, but it
is necessary to have action of the House upon it.
Mr. MYERS. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. MYERS. My point of order is that it
is not in order for gentlemen to converse with
each other across the Hall.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it may
be, for the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Myers] was conversing with the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] across the aisle a
few minutes since.
Mr. MYERS. I, however, addressed the
Chair.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman from Ohi®
[Mr. Schenck] will not object to my calling
this matter up on Monday next, 1 will not call
it up till then.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well, let it come up
on Monday.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman will
make no objection.
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot help myself, for
it is a question of privilege.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now commenced, and the first business in order
is the reporting of bills oi a private nature,
commoncing with the Committee on Roads
and Canals.
No reports from the Committee on Roads
and Canals were presented.
CIIAMPE CARTER, JR.
Mr. ELIOT, from the Committee on Freed-
men's Affairs, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1255)
for the relief of Champe Carter, jr. ; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill authorizes and directs the Commis-
sioner of Refugees, Freedmen, and Abandoned
Lands to pay to Champe Carter, jr., late sub-
assistant commissioner of the bureau for the
counties of Robertson and Milan, in the State
of Texas, out of moneys heretofore appropri-
ated for the use of the bureau, the sum of
$526 50, being the amount due to him for
services as sub-assistant commissioner from
March 17, 1866, to August 29, 1866.
Mr. WARD. 1 would like to hear an
explanation of this bill.
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, Champe Carter,
jr., the person for whose relief this bill is
proposed, was appointed March 17, 1866, as
a sub-assistant commissioner m an mteiior
part of the State of Texas. According to the
evidence before the committee he rendered
very faithful service from March If, jSCG,.till
August 2'J of the same year. In July, lbbb,
the bill continuing the bureau was passed, ana
one of the provisions of that bill required all
the agents of the bureau to take the test-oath.
It turned out that Mr. C^rrter had been engaged
in the service of the confederacy. Upon the
passage of that law General Kiddoo, who was
in command of that division, wrote a letter to
Mr. Carter, saying that he was very sorry to
be compelled to dispense with his services,
but that the law required he should be relieved
because he could not take the oath. Carter
had before stated to the general what his ser-
vices had been, and although he was a regis-
tered voter and a very loyal and true man yet
he was unable to take the oath, and had to be
relieved. The accounts for his pay were sent
in, and the Commissioner, upon examination,
stated that he would be very glad to allow the
vouchers to be paid but for the provision of
the act which made it necessary that Congress
should authorize the payment. The evidence
before the committee is very full, showing not
only that Mr. Carter is a very worthy man in
private life, but that he earnestly and faithfully
performed the duties of his office: and no rea-
son exists against giving him pay. He has
had no compensation for any of his work on
account of the provision of law to which I have
referred. The bill makes no appropriation,
but simply authorizes the Commissioner to
apply moneys now in his hands to the payment
of this man.
Mr. WARD. I desire to inquire what were
the services rendered by this man to the con-
federacy which incapacitated him to take the
oath ?
Mr. ELIOT. He was for a short time a non-
commissioned officer in the service of the con-
federacy.
Mr. WARD. Does the gentleman think we
should be employing that class of persons as
agents of the Freedmen's Bureau?
Mr. ELIOT. Well, sir, other things being
equal, I should say that we should not. But
this is a good man, and I hope there will be
no objection to the passage of the bill.
Mr. BURR. Will the gentleman permit me
to make an inquiry ?
Mr. ELIOT. Yes, sir.
Mr. BURR. I wish, in the first place, to^ask
whether it is necessary to have an act of Con-
gress to provide for payment in special cases
of this kind ; and secondly, what evidence is
there that this applicant, notwithstanding the
fact that he held a position in the rebel army
and fought against the Government, has been
since that tune what the gentleman calls "a
good man?"
Mr. ELIOT. We have the evidence coming
from Geneial Kiddoo, and also the affidavits
of two or three officials in the part of Texas
where this man resided, certifying upon oath
to his character and the general worthiness of
his conduct.
Mr. BURR. The gentleman recognizes the
fact, then, I suppose, that, a man may have
been for the time being engaged in the rebel-
lion and yet be a good man. I wish to ask
him whether he does recognize that or not?
Mr. ELIOT.
" While the lamp holds out to burn
The vilest sinner may return."
[Laughter.]
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Was this gentleman a
conscript or a volunteer m the confederate
service ?
Mr ELIOT. I cannot say from my own
knowledge, but I infer from the letter in which
General Kiddoo refers to the conversation he
had with Mr. Carter that he was so m the ser-
vice as to be within the purview of the law.
Mr. MULL INS. He ought never to have
been there; and, sir, I will never vote for a
man who was in the rebel service. _
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This man
rendered the service for which he asks to be paid.
Mr. PILE. Was he in the rebel army or m
the confederate civil service?
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. I desire to
know from the gentleman from Massachusetts
whether or not it would not be better to make
the bill general in its character, and let it apply
to all persons similarly situated ?
Mr. ELIOT. There is not another case in
the bureau. This is a solitary exceptional
case.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. What reason
other than that he belonged to the Freedmen's
Bureau is' there for exempting him than any
other man who was in the confederate service. .
I hope this will be referred to some committee,
so we may have uniform general legislation,
and not this class legislation.
Mr. HARDING. Was he at the time he
was appointed qualified under our laws to per-
form this service?
Mr. ELIOT. He was appointed before the
law was passed in July, 1866, and was in office
at the time.
Mr. HARDING. Why, then, cannot the
Department pay him ?
Mr. ELIOf. Because of the provision of
that law which disabled him. He was imme-
diately relieved, and he now asks to be paid for
the timehewas in service before the law passed
making it unlawful for him to be appointed.
Mr. MULLINS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put on the passage of the
bill; and there were—yeas 40, nays 19, not
voting 120 -, as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Balser, Barnes, Beatty,
Beck, Bromwoll, Chanler, Churchill, Sidney Olaike,
Cornell, Dawes, Dixon, Eln, Eliot, Ferris*, Gctz,
Glossbrenner, Harding, Higby, Holman, Hopkins,
Chester D. Ilubbard, Julian, Laflin, Lougbridge,
Merour, Moore. Morrcll, Myers, JJihlack, Paine,
Peters, Pile, Plants, Pomeroy. Price, Randall, llob-
ertson, Sawyer, Shanks, Starkweathei, Thaddeus
Stevens, Stokes,Thomas, John Trimble, Trowbridge,
Upson, Robert T. Van Horn, and Henry IX Wash-
NAYS—Messrs. Bea.man, Burr,Cobb,Culloui. Gol-
* TT   1__ — T.. J .1 T/ a iv\ 1. n a
Eiihu 33. Washbnrne—19.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames,
Anderson. Arnell, Delos 11. Ashley, James M. Ashley,
Axteli. Bailey, Baldwin, Banks, Barnum, Benja-
min Benton. Bingham, Blaine. Blair, Boutwcll,
Bover, Brooks, Broomall, Buckland, Butler, Cake,
Cary Reader W. Clarke, Coburn. Cook, Oovode,
Delano, Dodqe, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Esgleston,
Eltiiiclcrc, Famsworth, Ferry, Fields, kinney, |ox,
(iariicld, Gravely, (Jriswold, Haight, Halsey, 11)11,
Hooper, llutehkiss, As.ihcl W. Hubbard, Richard IX
Ilubbard, Ilnlburd, Humphrey. Hunter. li.gcrsoll,
Jcnekes, Johnson, Jones, Kelley, Kelsey, Kerr,
Kitchen,Koontz, George Y. Lawrence,William Law-
roiioc, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Lynch, Mallnry, .Mar-
shall. Marvin, Maynard, McCarthy, McCUirtr, Mc-
Corimck, McCullough, Miller, Moorhead,
sey, Mungen, Newcomb. Nicholson, isunn, 0> jSeiil,
Orth, Pcrham, Phelps, Pike, Poland, Policy, Pruyn,
Ruum, Robinson, Ross, Selicnek, Selve, Sitgreaves,
Smith, Spalding, Stewart, Stone, laffe, taylor,
Twicholl.Van Aermuu.Van Auk en, Burt \ an Horn,
w!
Wilson,' Windorn, Wood, Woodbridgc, and Wood-
ward—120.
The SPEAKER. There is no quorum vot-
ing.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
move that there be a call of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk accordingly proceeded to call the
roll, and the following members failed to answer
to their names:
Messrs. Adams, Ames, Anderson, Arnell, Delos R,
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Axteli, Bailey, Baldwin,
Banks, Barnum, Bcaman, Benton, Bingham. Blair,
Boutwcll, Brooks, Broomall, Bntler. Carv. Reader
W Clarke, Coburn, Cook, Covode, Dodge, Donnelly,
Driggs, Eckley, Eggleston, Bldridgc, Farnsworth,
Ferrv, Finney, Fox, Garfield, Haight, llal-ey, Asa-
hel W. Hubbard. Richard D. Hubbard, Hulburd,
Humphrey, Hunter, Ingcrsoll, Jcnekes, Johnson,
Jones, Kelley, Kerr, Kitchen, UeBrgcV. Lawrence,
1 William Lawrence. Lincoln, Loan, Mallory, Mar-
! shall. Marvin, McCarthy, McClurg, McCormick,
! McCullough, Miller, Mooreliead, Mungen.Newcoiub,
Nicholson, Sunn, Orth, Perharn, Phelps, like, Po-
land, Polsley, Pruyn, Robmson, Ross, Sc ye, bit-
greaves. Smith, Spaldmg. Stone Taffo, 1 ay lor. Van
Auken, Burt Van Horn Van Cadwaladci 0.
Washburn, William W . Washburn, M elker, fhomis
Williams. James F. Wilson, Stephen I. Wilson,
Windom, Wood, Woodbridge, and Woodward.
Mr. WARD. Mr. Speaker, I presume many
of the absentees were not aware of the tact
that the session to-day commenced at eleven
° TheSPEAKER. That may be; it was only
ordered last night at ten o'clock. A quorum
is now present.
