1808.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1083
a more speedy restoration of the ten late rebel
States to full political rights, with a sufficient
guarantee; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Recon-
struction.
banking circulation.
Mr. MILLER introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 197) declaring it inexpedient to have
at this time any change or reduction of the
banking circulation ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Banking and Currency.
steamboat boilers.
Mr. O'NEILL introduced a bill (H. R. No.
684) providing for the inspection and use upon
steamboats of boilers made of materials other
than charcoal plates of wrought iron; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
newsboys' home.
Mr. KOONTZ introduced a bill (H. R. No.
685) supplementary to an act to incorporate
the Newsboys' Home ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia.
columbia savings institution.
Mr. KOONTZ also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 686) to incorporate the Columbia Savings
Institution; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
registration of vessels.
Mr. SPALDING introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 198) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to prescribe rules and
regulations for registration of certain vessels
of western and northern lakes on payment of
internal revenue tax; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
return to specie payments.
Mr. GARFIELD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 087) to provide for the gradual return to
specie payments; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
gold contracts.
Mr. GARFIELD also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 688) to authorize gold contracts; which
was read a first and second 'time, referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and
ordered to be printed.
construction of joint resolution.
Mr. ADAMS introduced a joint resolution
(EL R. No. 199) construing a joint resolution
of Congress, approved July 26, 1866; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
mary j. stone.
Mr. STOKES introduced a bill (H. R. No.
689) for the-relief of Mary J. Stone, of Jack-
son county, Tennessee ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
freedmen's bureau, tennessee.
Mr. ARNELL introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 200) in reference to the continuance
of the Freedmen's Bureau in the State of Ten-
nessee ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Freedmen's
Affairs.
rice m. brown.
Mr. IIUNTER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
690) for the relief of Rice M. Brown, of Indi-
ana; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
indiana volunteers.
Mr. HUNTER also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 691) to grant relief to the soldiers of the
one hundred and forty-fifth Indiana volunteers,
and for other purposes; which was read afirst
and second time,_ and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
charles m'carty.
Mr. HUNTER also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 692) for the relief of Charles McCarty, of
Indiana; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
additional bounty.
Mr. HOLMAN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
693) in relation to additional bounty; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
martha ann wallace.
Mr. COOK introduced a bill (H. R. No. 694)
granting a pension to Martha Ann Wallace,
widow of Brigadier General W. H. L. Wallace;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
eliza ann upright.
Mr. FARNSWORTH introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 695) granting a pension to Eliza Ann
Upright; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee „on In-
valid Pensions.
hull & cozzens and john naylor & co.
Mr. YAN HORN, of Missouri, introduced a
bill (H. 11. No. 696) for the relief of Hull &
Cozzens and John Naylor & Co. ; which was
read a first and secoud time, and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
united states court in missouri.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 697) regulaling the terms of
the United States court for the western dis-
trict of Missouri; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
pacific railroad.
Mr. GRAVELY introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 698) in aid of the Atlantic and Pacific
railroad; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Pa-
cific Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
iiannaii brown.
Mr. UPSON introduced a bill (H. R. No.
690) granting a pension to Hannah_ Brown;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
post road in michigan.
Mr. UPSON also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 700) to establish a post road from Cold
Water, Michigan, to Flint, in the State of In-
diana ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
mail route in iowa.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 701) to establish a mail route from Toledo,
Iowa, to Brooklyn, Iowa ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
pensions to drafted men.
Mr. PRICE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
702) in reference to the payment of pensions
to drafted men; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
mail routes in minnesota.
Mr. DONNELLY introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 703) to establish certain mail routes in
the State of Minnesota ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
union pacific railroad.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 704) in aid of the Union Pacific
railway, eastern division, supplementary to an
act entitled "An act to aid in the construction
of a railroad and telegraph line from the Mis-
souri river to the Pacific ocean, and to secure
to the Government the use of the same for
postal, military, and other purposes, approved
Julyl, 1862, and the acts amendatory thereof;'
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail
road, and ordered to be printed.
claims for indian depredations.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, also introduced
ab ill (H. R. No. 705) to provide for a commis-
sion to investigate claims arising from Indian
depredations; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
intercourse with indian tribes.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, also introduced a
bill (H. R. No. .706) amending an act entitled
" An act to amend an act entitled an act to
regulate trade and intercourse with the Indian
tribes and to preserve peace on the frontiers,
approved June 30, 1834;" which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
mahala anderson.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 707) for the relief of
Mahala Anderson; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
wagon road in new mexico.
Mr. CLEVER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
708) to construct a wagon road from Cinnamon
to Virginia City, New Mexico; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
margaret ward.
Mr. CLEVER also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 709) for the relief of Margaret Ward;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
private land claims in new mexico.
Mr. CHILCOTT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 710) to amend an act entitled "An act to
confirm certain private land claims in the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico; " which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims.
salaries of patent office clerks.
Mr. PETERS introduced a bill (H. Ii. No.
711) relating to the salaries of certain clerks in
the Patent Office, and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Patents.
testimony in criminal cases.
Mr. PETERS also introduced a bill (H._ R.
No. 712) to allow the respondent in criminal
proceedings to testify in his own behalf in any
court of the United States held in any State
where such privilege is allowed in the courts
of such State by the statute thereof; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
exportation of distilled spirits.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, introduced
a bill (H. Ii. No. 713) to provide for the export-
ation of distilled spirits in bond, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask
leave for the committee to report upon the bill
at any time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot ask
unanimous consent during the morning hour
on Monday.
duty on lumber, etc.
Mr. CHURCHILL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 714) to regulate the duty on lumber, tim-
ber, wood, and manufactures of wood ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
ohio school lands.
Mr. MUNGEN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
715) for the relief of congressional township
number eight, south ; range number three, east,
in Mercer county. State of Ohio, in relation to
school lands; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Educa-
tion and Labor.
