1084
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
legal bate op interest.
Mr. INGERSOLL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 716) to amend an act in reference to the
legal rate of interest; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia.
mechanics' liens.
Mr. INGERSOLL also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 717) for the enforcement of mechanics'
liens on buildings in the District of Columbia;
which was read a first and second time, and
referredto the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
The call of the States and Territories for
bills and resolutions having been completed,
the Speaker proceeded, as the next business
in order during the morning hour, to call the
States and Territories in the inverse order for
resolutions, commencing with the Territory of
Montana.
boom for territorial delegates.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I offer the following
resolution, upon which I demand the previous
question:
Resolved, That, under the direction of the Speaker
a room in the Capitol be assigned for the joint use
of the Delegates from the Territories in which to
transact their business, such as holding consulta-
tions, directing documents, Ax.
The SPEAKER. The Chair may be per-
mitted to state that if this resolution shall be
adopted he does not know how he can carry it
out, as there are ten rooms now in which two
committees meet regularly, there not being
enough committee-rooms to furnish one for
each committee.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to—■
ayes seventy-seven, noes not counted.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I move to reconsidertlie
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The SPEAKER. No motion to reconsider
can be entertained in regard to business during
the morning hour on Monday.
drawing foe seats.
Mr. FLANDERS. I offer the following res-
olution, upon which I demand the previous
question:
Resolved, That members necessarily absent from
the House on account of sickness or other unavoid-
able cause, shall, as their names are called, have selec-
tions made for them by friends authorized to repre-
sent them.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was put on agreeing to the res-
olution, and there were—ayes G2, noes 53.
Mr. KELLEY called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kelley
and Humphrey were appointed.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest to the gentleman
from Washington Territory [Mr. Elaxdeiis]
that he modify the resolution by striking out the
words "orother unavoidable cause." I think
there will be no objection to allowing seats to
be selected for gentlemen who are absent on
account of sickness.
Mr. FLANDERS. I modify the resolution
by striking out the words " or other unavoid-
able cause."
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 75, noes 34.
So the resolution was agreed to.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled a bill of the following
title; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No.^ 00) to authorize the
Southern Minnesota Railroad Company to_con-
struct and maintain a bridge across the Missis-
sippi river and establish a post route.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
The SPEAKER asked and obtained indefi-
nite leave of absence for Mr. Pomeroy, on
account of serious illness of a member of his
family.
risreference of land claims.
Mr. CLEVER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That private land claims Nos. 9,41 and 42,
referred to the Committee on Piivate Land Claims,
and ordered to be printed January 12, 1861, No. 44
referred to Committee on Private Land Claims and
ordered to be printed January 6,1801. Nos. 45. 4(5, 47,
and 48, referred to Committee on Private Land Claims
and ordered to bo printed May 16,1862, be, and the
same are hereby, rereferred to said committee, no
action having been takentn said claims by the Tliirty-
Sixthor the Thirty-Seventh Congress, with directions
to report by bill or otherwise.
ihiawing for seats.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution, upon which he called the
previous question.
TtemUcd, That the resolution adopted by the Ilonse
on Friday, February 7, ill reference to drawing seats
is hereby rescinded.
The question was upon seconding the call
for the previous question.
Mr. IiOLMAN. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
Mr. "FARNSWORTH. Is it in order to
make a parliamentary inquiry of the Chair?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will answer a
parliamentary inquiry.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. Should the previous
question not be seconded, would the resolution
go over until Monday next?
The SPEAKER. It would, if it gave rise to
debate.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I will withdraw the motion
to lay the resolution on the table and allow the
vote to be first taken upon the other question.
Mr. KOONI'Z. I renew the motion to lay
the resolution on the table.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Upon that motion
1 call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken ; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 88, nays 81, not
voting 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Arnell, DelosR.
Ash icy, James M. Ashley, Axtell, Bailey, Baker,
Beatty, Beck, Bingham, Bromwell, Buckland, Cuke,
Gary, Cobb, Coburn, Dawes, Driggs, Eggleston, Ela,
Farnsworth, Fields, Garfield, Glossbrenner, Golla-
day, Grover, Hawkins, Iligby, Hill, Holma.n, Hop-
kins, Hotchkiss, Amabel W. Hubbard, Chester L>.
Hubbard, Richard 1), Hubbard, Hunter, Ingersoll,
Jenekes, Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kerr, Ketcham,
Knott, Koontz, Lincoln, Logan, Mallory, ilaynard,
jVIeCormick, Mcrour, Miller, Moorbead, Miillms,
Neweomb, Niblack, Nicholson, Nunn, Orth, Peters,
Phelps, Poland, Polsley, Price, Pruvn, R'tndall,
ltaiun, Sawyer, Scofield, Shanks, Starkweather,
Aaron F. Stevens, Stokes, Tatl'e, Taylor, John Trim-
blo, Lawrence S. Trimble, Trowbridge, Twichcll,
Van Anken, Robert T. Van Horn, llenry I). Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn, Wclker, Thomas Wil-
liams, Woodbridge, and Woodward—88.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Archer, Baldwin,
Barnes,Beam an, Benjamin, Boutwell, Boyer, Brooks,
liroouiall, Burr, Butler, Ciianler, Churchill, Reader
W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cook, Cornell, Covode,
Dodge, Donnelly, Eckley, Eldridge, Eliot, Ferriss,
Ferry, Fox, Getz, Giavoly. Griswold, Ilaight, Hal-
sey, Harding, Hooper, llulburd, Humphrey, Judd,
Kelley, Kitchen, Laflin, George V. Lawrence, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Loan, Loughridge, Lynch, Marshall,
Marvin, MeClurpr, McCullougU, Moore, "Morgan, Mor-
rell, Mungen, Myers, O'Neill, Paine, Perham, Pike,
Pile, Plants, ltobinson, Ross, Schcnck, Sitgrea,vos,
Smith, Spalding, Stewart, Stone, Thomas, Upson,
Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Van Trump, Ward,
CadwaladerC. Washburn, William Williams, James
F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Windom, and Wood—SI.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Banks, Barnum, Benton,
Blaine, Blair, Cullom, Dixon, Finney, ICelsey, Mc-
Carthy, Morrissey, Pomeroy, Robertson. Selye, Shcl-
labarger, 'L'haddcus Stevens, Taber, Van Wyek,
Kliliii IS. Washburne, and Stephen F. Wilson—20.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
During the roll-call,
Mr. ELIOT said: I received a letter this
morning from the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Pomeroy,] saying that he is unable to
be present on account of illness in his family.
The SPEAKER.' Leave of absence has been
granted to him on that account.
antonio i'elletier.
Mr. DONNELLY submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be, and is
hereby directed, il not inconsistent with the public
interest, to furnish this House with copies of the cor-
respondence, official records, and all other papers
anddocuments onfilein his Department relating to the
imprisonment-of Antonio Peltotier, a citizen of the
United States, and tho confiscation and destruction
of his property by the people and officials of the
republic of Hayti.
amendment of bankrupt law.
Mr. DONNELLY also submited the follow-
ing resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed-to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of so
amending tho bankrupt law that a petition of a ma-
jority of the creditors in interest shall be necessary
to compel a debtor into involuntary bankruptcy, and
to report by bill or otherwise.
document file clerk.
Mr. WINDOM. I submit the following
resolution, and move its reference to the Com-
mittee on Accounts:
Resolved, That the Doorkeeper of the Houso of
Repiesentatives be authorized to appoint a docu-
ment file clerk, whose salary shall be equal to that
of messenger in his department, and who shall bo
paid from the contingent fund of the House during
the time actually employed.
The motion of Mr. Wixdom was agreed to;
and the resolution was referred to the Commit'
tee on Accounts.
office of secretary of war.
Mr. WINDOM also submitted the following
resolution ; which was referred, under the law,
to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That ten thousand extra copies of the
correspondence between the President and General
Grant be printed for the use ol tho House. .
legal services for state department, etc.
Mr. HIGBY submitted the following reso-
lution, on which he demanded the previous
question :
JRcsolyed, That the Secretary of State be directed
to furnish to this House a statement of the amount
paid by or through the State Department during
each year since 1800 for legal sei vices in addition to
the amounts paid to salaried officers, including all
sums paid for legal services, whether as office costs,
commissions, or traveling or other expenses, with
tho names of the persons to whom money has been
paid, with the amount to each, specifying the cases
or business in which such services have been ren-
dered; and also to state whether any amounts are
now el aim «d for similar services hitherto rendered,
and by whom; and also what persons, if anv, other
than the officers authorized by law are now em-
ployed as counsel for said Department and for what
compensation, and how paid or agreed to be paid,
and under wdiat authority such counsel have been
retained and employed, and tor what purposes.
The SPEAKER. This being a call for exec-
utive information, unanimous consent is neces-
sary for its consideration on this day.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I object.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made,
the resolution goes over under the rules.
removal op seat of government.
Mr. PAINE submitted the following reso-
lution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Reiohed. That the seat of Government of the Uni-
ted States ought to bo removed to the valley of the
Mississippi.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BURR, I desire to inquire whether
the effect of the adoption of this resolution
Will be to suspend the drawing for seats which,
was fixed for this moraine;. ILautrhter 1
flhe SPEAKER. It will not.
The question being on the adoption of the
resolution,
Mr. GEfZ called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mi-. BROOKS. I want to make an inquiry
tor information, so that v?q huiv vote intelli-
gently. Is not a part of New York and north-
ern 1 ennsylvania in the valley of the Missis-
sippi? [Laughter.]
1 he SPEAKER. That is not a parliament-
ary question, Chair cannot answer it.
. 1 'ie question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 77, nays <j7, not voting;
lo : as follows:
Ti}i'EAi?—?*Hsrs- Allison. Ames, Anderson, Arncll.
Deles K Ashley. James M. Ashley. Axtell, Baker
-Beatty, Lenjamm.liromwell. litickland. Burr,Butler
fe <-•>  !or, Reader W.Clarke, Sidney Clarke!
Driek. CoT>k" CuUoxu, Dodge. Donnelly,
Jriggs, Eekley, Lggleston. Jarnsworth. Ferrv,
Gravely, Grover, Harding, Hawkins, Higby, Hoi-
