8132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11
Mr. WARD. I move that the further call
of the House be dispensed with. *
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays will
be again called on tho passage of the bill.
The question was again taken; and it was
decided in tho affirmative—yeas 70, naya 27,
not voting 92 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Archer, DelosR. Ashley,
Baker, Barnes, Beaman, Beatty, Beck, Blaine, Bovor,
Holman, Hopkins, llotchkiss. Chester D. Hubbard!
Juild, Julian, Ketcham, Laflin, Loughridge, Lynch,
Mercjir, Moore, Morrell, Myers, Newcomb, Niblack,
O INeu], lame, Peters, Pile, Plants, Pomeroy, Piiee,
itanaall, Robertson, Sawyer. Starkweather, Aaron If.
fotevens, ThaddeusStevens,Stewart, Stokes,Thomas,
John Trimble, Trowbridge. Twieholl, Upson, Vnn
Aernam, Robert T. Van llorn, Ward, Henry I).
Washburn, William Williams, and John T. Wil-
son—70.
NAYS—Messrs. Benjamin, Burr, Cobb, Covode,
Cullom, Delano, Golladay, Gravely, Griswold, Gro-
ver, Hawkins, Hooper, Kclscy, Knott, Koontz, Lo-
gan, Maynard, Morrissey, Mullins, Sehenek, Seofiold,
Shellabarger, Taher, Lawieneo S. Trimble. Van
Trump, ElihuB. Wasliburne, and Wclker—27.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Anderson,
Arneli, James M. Ashley. Axtell, Bailey, Baldwin,
Banks, Barnum, Benton, Bingham, Blair, Boutwell,
Brooks, Broomall, Butler, Cary, Reader W. Clarke,
Coburn, Cook, Bodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Egglcston,
Eldridge, Farnsworth, Ferry, Finney, Fox, Garfield,
Ilaight, llalsey, Hill, Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard
D. Hubbard, llulburd, Humphrey, Hunter, [ngcr-
soll, Jenekes, Johnson, Jones, Kelley, Kerr, Kitchen,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lincoln,
Loan, Mallory, Marshall, Marvin, McCarthy, Mc-
Clurg, MeCormiek, MeCullough, Miller, jUoorhoad,
Mungen, Nicholson, Nunn, Orth, Pcrliam, Phelps,
Pike, Poland, Poisley, Pruyn, liaum, Robinson, Ross,
Selye, Shanks, Sitgreaves, Smith, Spalding, fcStonc,
Taile, Taylor, Van Aulten, Burt, Van llorn. Van
Wyck, Cadwaiader C. WashburQ, William B. Wash-
burn, Thomas Williams, James F. Wilson, Stephen
F. Wilson, Windom, Wood, Woodbridgo, and*AVood-
ward—92.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
■which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider bo laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled joint kesolution.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a joint
resolution (H. 11. No. 187) requesting the Pres-
ident to intercede with her Majesty, the Queen
of Great Britain, to secure the speedy release
of Rev. John McMahon, convicted on a charge
of treason-felony, and now confined at King-
ston, Canada West; when the Speaker signed
the same.
Mr. MYERS obtained the floor to make a
report from the Committee on Patents under
the call of the committees, but yielded to Mr.
Clarke, of Kansas.
great and little osage indians.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I ask unanimous
consent to submit the following preamble and
resolution for consideration at the present
time:
Whereas it is reported that a treaty has recently
been eoneludcd with the Great and Little Osa go In-
dians, by which it is proposed to transfer eight mil-
lion acres of land, located in the State of Kansas, to
a railroad corporation; and whereas it is reported
that by the provisions of said treatythe people of
the United States aie excluded from tho rights of
homestead and prcemptionsettlement; and whereas
it is also reported that impropcrinilucneeshave been
used to accomplish the framing and signing of said
treaty, and that.the interests of the Indians and
of the people have been grossly and fraudulently
ncgleetet; and whereas an investigation has been
ordered by this House, into all the facts connectcd
with said treaty: Therefore, ,
Unsolved, That tho President is hereby directed to
furnish to this House copies of all instructions, rec-
ords, and correspondence connected with the com-
mission authorized to make the above-named treaty,
and copies of all propositions made to said commis-
sion from railroad corporations or by individuals;
and the President is requested to withhold said treaty
from the Senate until a fall investigation can be had
and report made by the Committee on Indian Affairs
of this Ilouse.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will not object to this
if the object of introducing it is to inquire into
the conduct of our own officials and investigate
that with a view to dealing with them. But
if the object is lo interfere with the treaty-
making power of the Government, I shall feel
compelled to object.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. The House has
already ordered an investigation into all the
facts connected with the making of this treaty
by a commission appointed by the President
of the United States. The purpose is not to
interfere in any way with tho treaty-making
power.
Mr. MAYNARD. Very well, I withdraw the
objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest
to the gentleman from Kansas that, he mod-
ify his resolution by striking out the word
"directed" and inserting "requested." That
is the usual mode of addressing the President.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I will modify
the resolution in that way.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I hope
something of this kind will be done. I know
that there are two or three men in Texas—
railroad men. who are monopolizing the public
lands there for their railroads, and obstructing
all improvements in the State. I hope there
will be a thorough investigation of the whole
matter.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. MYERS. I desire, before yielding
further, to inquire how much of the morning
hour there is remaining?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour will
expire at eighteen minutes past twelve.
Mr. MYERS. I yield for a moment to the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Lynch.]
UNITED STATES CODltTS
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 125G) to amend an act
entitled " An act to provide for holding the
courts of the United States in case of tho
sickness or other disability of the judges of the
district court," approved July 29, 1850; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. MYERS. I yield now for a moment to
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logan.]
removal of tiie seat of government.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not desire to take up
the time of the House, but I desire to give
notice that on Monday next I shall move to
suspend the rules to offer a resolution author-
izing the appointment of a committee of this
House to select a site for the capital of the
United States, on account of the disregard of the
law and the disloyal element, that is constantly
showing itself in such bitterness in this city
toward the loyal people of tills countiyand
in disregard of the authority of the United
States.
Mr. MYERS. I yield for a moment to the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Julian.]
lands in southern states.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1257) relative to lands
sold for non-payment of Federal taxes or under
a judgment or decree of the courts of the
United States in the States lately in rebellion ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to tho Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. MYERS. I yield now fora moment to
thegentleman from Tennessee, [Jtr. Hawkins.]
seth lea.
Mr. HAWKINS. I ask unanimous consent
of the liottse to report from the Committee
on Military Affairs a bill for the relief of Seth
Lea.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let it b6
read.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place thg name of Seth Lea-,
of Knox county, Tennessee, on the roll of "
invalid pensions at the rate of the full pension
now allowed by law to a second lieutenant',
said pension to commence on the 5th day of
April, 1805, and to continue for his natural life.
Mr. BURR. I would ask how and why this
bill comes from the Committee on Military
Affairs?
Mr. HAWKINS. I will explain the bill;
This man was employed to recruit for the Fed-
eral Army with the promise that he should be
commissioned as a lieutenant. After carrying
several hundred men across the mountains,
and while crossing the mountains with others,
he and the men who were with him were cap-
tured by the rebels. He was imprisoned in
Castle Thunder from 1803 to the close of the
war, and was disabled by being frost-bitten
while in prison. This bill is reported unani-
mously by the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is a
pension bill. It may be a meritorious ease,
but it seems to me that it ought not to come
from the Committee on Military'Affairs.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 hope no objection will
be interposed to this bill. The application
was for pay while thus imprisoned in Castle
Thunder, having been captured in the mantier
my colleague [Mr. Hawkins] has described.
The Committee on Military Affairs, however,
thought the relief proper in the case would
be a pension, and they have reported a bill
accordingly. The man is now between sixty
and seventy years of age, and is almost dead
from the effects of his imprisonment. He is
also in very necessitous circumstances in con-
sequence of the war, although when the war
commenced he was in comfortable circum-
stances.
Mr. BURR. If the Committee on Military
Affairs see fit to report a pension bill 
Mr. MYERS. I rise to a question of order.
If the Patent Committee is not reached before
the morning hour expires, will the portion of
tho hour this morning count against the com-
mittee ?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. MYERS. I must then resume the floor.
Mr. BURR. I only intended to place the
Committee on Pensions right in this matter.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Myers]
to object to the consumption of time.
Mr. MYERS. I am willing to yield if the
morning hour of to-day is not counted against
us, provided the Patent Committee is not called
before the expiration of that morning hour.
The SPEAKER. It will count against the
committee. Any fraction of the hour will
count as an hour.
Mr. MYEltS. As we yielded our right to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions to the
morning hour of yesterday, and as the morn-
ing hour of to-day is about to expire, I ask
unauimous consent that the remainder of this
morning hour be not counted against the Com-
mittee on Patents, but that our time shall be
regarded as beginning on next private bill
day.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. MYERS. Then I must resume the floor
now.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Myers] having resumed the
floor, the bill of the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Hawkins] is not before the House.
WOOD-SCREW PATENTS.
Mr. MYERS, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, reported back, with a recommendation
that the same do pass, House bill No. 810, for
the relief of the widow and heirs of Thomas
W. Harvey, deceased.
„ The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
