50
SUPPLEMENT TO
and ability there is th«t of James Preseott,*
who was convicted before the Senate".
Mr. Blake,f for the defense, insisted that
impeachment is "a process which can only be
resorted to for the punishment of some great
offense against a known, settled law of the
land." The prosecution maintained "that
any willful violation of law or any willful and
corrupt act of omission or commission in exe-
cution or under color of office" " is such an
act of misconduct and maladministration in
office as will render him liable to punishment
by impeachment." J
Chief Justice Chase evidently holds that a
failure to perform official duty is impeachable,
without reference to its indictable character or
the motives therefor. And further, that the
Senate is so entirely the exclusive judge of
what is official delinquency that the President
cannot protect himself against impeachment
for a failure to execute a law by the decree of
a court enjoining him therefrom.
On the 15th April, 1807, in refusing the
application of the so-called State of Missis-
sippi for leave to file a bill to enjoin the exe-
cution of the "reconstruction acts" of Coti-
gress, he said:
" Suppose the bill filed and the injunction prayed
for be allowed. If the President rcluse obedience
it is needless to obseivo that the court is without
power to enforce its process. If, on the other hand,
the President complies with the order of the court,
and refuses to executo the act of Congress, is it not
clear that a collision may occur between the execu-
tive and legislative departments of the Govern-
ment? May not the House of llepresentatives im-
peach the President for such lefusalY And in that
case could this court interpose in behalf of the Pres-
ident, thus endangered by compliance with its man-
date, and restrain by injunction the Senate of the
United btatcs from aittin# as a court of impeach-
ment? Would tho strange spectacle be offered to
the publio wonder of an attempt by this court to
arrest proceedings in that court?
"These questions answer themselves."
The question whether an act, is impeachable
which is not indictable at common law, when
committed by officers who are answerable by
indictment, is only important to determine how
far the remedy by impeachment extends. But
almost every conceivable act of official misde-
meanor is at common law indictable, though,
on grounds of public policy, the higher officers
are not liable to prosecution in the ordinary
courts for official misdemeanors.
But the question, as already shown, is put
* In 1821, Preseott, a judge of probate, was im-
peached before the Senato of Massachusetts. The
12tharticle charged that Warewasguurdlan of Birch,
a moii compos men/in; that Grout, one of the overseers
ot the poor, had some controversy with thcgimrdian
as to some property of the ward not involved in tho
account; that tho judge, as attorney, advised the
parties, and charged, and was paid livcdolluis by
the guardian therefor; that the judge interlined tin's
item in the account which had been previously sworn
to, and settled the account allowing this item. (Pres-
cott's Trial, 189.) The law did not prohibit, judges
from acting as attorneys iu matters not coming before
their court.
It was objected by the dofense that this was not an
offense indictable, and so not impeachable; that
especially was this so in Massachusetts, since the
constitution authorized a removal upon the address
of both Houses of the Legislature for any cause, and
left impeachment against " officers for misconduct or
maladministration in their offices."
But ono of tho managers said in substance; "Wo
stand here on no statuto, on no particular law of tho
■Commonwealth ; there is none for such a case. We
stand hero upon the broad principles of tho common
law—of common justice." ' * "Such
conduct is disgraceful and contrary to the usages of
all civilized nations." f ■*   * "We have
shown the conduct of tho respondent" • =-•«
* /'to have been grossly improper and mischievous
in its tendency ; this is quite enough; he has rendered
himself unworthy of olliee, and therefore ought to
be impeached and removed." (Prescott's Trial, 149.
See Dutton's remarks, 193-4.)
Andso the Senate decided by a vote of 19 to il, and
convicted Judge Preseott.
tPreseott's Trial. 114. lie quoted 4 Bbickstonc,
259, that impeachment "is a prosecution of the al-
l eady known ami established law;" and 2 Woodde-
(ill; and part 1 of Dolby's Keport of the trial
of the Queen, p. 8-11, on a bill of pains and penalties
for adultery, where it was said by the Earl of Liver-
pool, "lie_ knew not how they could make that a
subject of impeachment, which by the law of England
was not a crime,"
Mr. Webster for the dofense said: "An impeach-
ment is a prosoeution for tho violation of existing
laws." (Prescott's Trial, 164.)
J Prescott's Trial, 182, per Shaw. Sco Button's
speech, 194.
at rest by the practice in England, by the lan-
guage of the Constitution, by the opinions of
its framers, by contemporaneous exposition,
by the uniform usage under it, andbythe united
opinion of all the elementary writers. The
value of these it is unnecessary to discuss as
they are understood by all lawyers.*
It has already been shown that the violation
of a public statute, though the statute in terms
provides no punishment, is at common law
indictable.
But it maybe urged that if an officer, charged
by the Constitution and his oath with the duty
of executing the laws, knowingly and inten-
tionally suspends the operation of a particular
statute, refuses to execute another, and vio-
lates a third, but does so with a view to pro-
mote the public interest, his motives are good,
and he is not impeachable.!
This view, so plausible and insidious, is nev-
ertheless so dangerous that its very monstrous
character will show that it cannot be main-
tained. An example will illustrate it. Let it
be supposed that with the initiatory steps of
the rebellion the President had declared that
the national Government had no constitutional
power to suppress a rebellion by force of arms. J
Now, whether such an utterance was ex-
torted by fear, or might have been an honest,
but perverted political theory, or the result of
a treasonable purpose to aid traitors, would
have been in its consequences to the nation all
the same if it could have controlled the coun-
sels of the nation. This sentiment, believed
and acted on, would have witnessed the de-
struction of the Government. And must the
nation perish because a President honestly be-
lieves iu the fatal heresy that the Constitution
and Congress are powerless for self-preserva-
tion V If so, the nation must die out of tender
regard to tile political idiosyncrasy of the Pres-
ident. The same fatal error of opinion and
conduct will be impeachable in one President
who knows the right and yet the wrong pur-
sues, while another, who believes in a fallacy
because he loves it, will escape unpunished,
though the inherent wrong in principle and in
effect is the same in both cases.
If the President would undertake to expel
Congress as an illegal body, he could scarcely
escape impeachment upon a plea of good mo-
tives. No tyrant ever yet reigned who did not
plead good motives for his usurpations. But
even _ these, if tbey could be so in fact, never
sanctify criminal acts. As well might larceny
be justified by a purpose to promote charitable
objects, as violations of the Constitution by pro-
fessions of securing the public interest. In
both cases the motive is illegal, and no circum-
stances can justify a criminal act purposely com-
mitted. Congress may withhold punishment,
or pass acts of indemnity, just as the Piesident,
may pardon crime; but criminal
purposes,
* They arc discussed in Sedgwick on Statutory and
Constitutional Construction.
t But if an oflicer acts without law, or even in a
mere ministerial capacity, but hnvino no discretion
under a law, and violates liis duly so as to imperil
the public safety, hois impeachable.
Bishop says: "When a man serves ill a judicial or
other capacity in which he is called (by law) to exer-
cise ajudgmemt of his o>cn, ho is not punishable lor a
mere error therein or for a mistake ot the law. llero
the act, to he cognizable criminally or even civilly,
must be willful and corrupt." (Uiiniinal Law,91.3.)
• " a statute |or the Constitution! forbids a
thing affecting The public, but provides no penalty,
the domg of iMs indictable at common law." (53d
(349] 387 [84.j) " Whenever the law, statutory or com-
mon, casts on one a duty of a public nature, any ncg-
Icef of the duty or act done in violation of it is indict-
able." (Criminal Law. 537 [350,] 913.)
The same rule must exist when no law authorizes
it. But itshoiildbo remembered thatthe ruleswhich
prevail m ordinary courts have no application in
impeachment cases except, as tho reasons upon which
they rest commend them to the consideration of and
adoption by the Senate. The Senato is governed by
the ' lex et consitetudo parha/nenti,"
+ In the message of December 4,1860, tho President I
said; ihc power to make war against a State is at
variance with thpwhole spirit and intent of the Con- i
stitution. ; . * ~ * "Our Union rests
upon public opinion. If it cannot live in the affec- I
tl0ns <if tho people, it must one day perish, Con- 1
gross possesses many means of preserving it by eon- j
dilation; but the sword was not placed in their
hands to preserve it by torce." !
studiously persisted in, present no case for
clemency.
This subject, so far as it relates to ordinary
courts, is well understood. Sedgwick, under
the caption " Good faith no excuse for viola-
tion of statutes," says;
" Wo have already had occasion to notice the rule
that ignorance of the law cannot be set up in defense.
All are bound to know the law, and this holds good
as well in regard to common as to statute law, as well
in regard to criminal as to civil eases. In regard
even to penal laws, it is strictly true that ignorance
is no excuse for the violation of a statute.* So in
regard to frequent attempts which have been mado
to exonerate individuals charged with disobedience
to penal laws on the ground of good faith, or error «/
judgment, it has been held that no excuse <>i ihitLmd
will avail against the porcmptory words of a statute
imposing a penalty. If the prohibited act has been
done the penalty must be paid."t
And this but reiterates the law of impeach-
ment as recognized in England and the United
States. J
JudgeshavebeenimpeachedinEngland " for
misinterpreting tire laws," and the Earl of
Bristol for advising "against a war with
Spain." Yet these were doubtless honest, but
were regarded by the impeaching power as
mistaken and pernicious opinions.
Even Judge Humphreys, who was impeached
before the Senate of the United States for
making a secession speech, may have honestly
believed what he said and might have supposed
his motives good; but this consideration was
so unimportant that it was never once men-
tioned on the trial.
The result is, that an impeachable high crime
or misdemeanor is one in its nature or conse-
quences subversive of some fundamental or
essential principle of government or highly
prejudicial to the public interest, and this may
consist of a violation of the Constitution, of
law, of an official oath, or of duty, by an act
committed or omitted, or, without violating a
Smith vs. Brown, 1 Wend., 231; Caswellus. Allen,
7 Johns, 03.
tSodgwick on Stat, and Const. Law, 100; Cnlcraft
vs. Uibbs, 5 Term It., 19; Morris vs. People, 3 Demo,
381-41)2; People vs. Brooks, 1 Id., 457, On the tual of
W arren Hastings, it was argued that he bad exerted
his " powers Jor the public good." But the Lord Chan-
cellor said, " however jnire his intentions might liuve
been, if he violated every principle of morality and
justice, he should not thmv that any public exigency
ouiiht to he jjleaded as a justification."
. March 2, Lord Thurlow .said : " The number of ar-
ticles prelerred were twenty, oaoh containing a great
number of allegations; of this number the Commons
had given no evidenceupon fourteen, and upon very
inconsiderable parts of three more."
"The impeachment, however, might now be said to
rest upon lour points—bieach of iaith, oppression,
and injustice, as m the two articles otChoyt Sing and
tlio Begum ; corruption, as in the article of the pres-
ents; and a wanton waste of the public money for
private purposes, as in tho contracts. In considering
the tnst two points he conceived it would become
their lordships to reflect on the situation in which
Mr. Hastings was placed. Possessed of absolute
power, the question would be, had he exerted that
power lor the public good, or had heon any occasion
been actuated by base or malicious motives? If in
tne case of Cheyt Sing and the Begums, their lord-
ships should be of opinion that lie was neither mali-
cious nor corrupt, tile charges naturally fell to tho
ground.
i k°!'d Chancellor concurred generally in what
had lallen fiom the noble and learned lord, but could
not go quite so far as to say that Mr. Hastings would
. in an5'gross abuse of the arbitrary power
which he possessed, even though it should bo made
clear tout he was actuated neither by corrupt nor by
malicious motives. Mr. Hastings had great power
lodged 111 his hands undoubtedly. He was respons-
ible to his country for a proper use of that power:
and however pure hit intentions might have been, if he
violated every principle of morality and justicc he
should not think that any public exigency ought to
be pleaded us a justification."
March 5. The Lord Chancellor said: "The con-
duct of theGovernor General in relation to the trans-
actions with Cheyt Sing m the year 1780, appeared to
nim to stand in a different point of view, and to call
lor other considerations. To say the least of that
conduct on the part of Mr. Hastings, it merited a
certain degree of blame- but howfar itmight rise up
to a high crime and misdemeanor would depend on
other and future proceedings of the Governor Gen-
eral that yet remained to be discussed."
+ In the trial of Lord Melville it was insisted that
his use of the public money was not impeachable
unless the motive was guilty. " Tile question in the
?a 0 defense, " as in all cases, is the motive
ot the heart, actio noa est reus, nisi mens sit rea—a
person is not guilty if his heart is not guiliy." (As-
pernis Itep., 290.) But in the questions put to and
aecidcd by the judges, the motive was ignored, and
only the legahty ot his conduct decided.
