1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3183
Mr. MYERS. For the purpose of saving
time, I now call the previous question.
Mr. WASHBUENE, of Illinois. Has not
this hill been already acted upon and disposed
of by this House?
Mr. HOLMAN. Let the bill be read.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
bill to the House, after which the question will
be upon seconding the call for the previous
question.
The bill was read at length. It authorizes
the Committee on Patents to hear the applica-
tion of the widow and heirs of Thomas W.
Harvey, deceased, for a reextension of the
patent heretofore granted to the said Harvey,
on the 30th of May, 1840, for an improvement
in machinery for cutting screws, and reissued
on the 28th of December, 1858; and also the
application of the heirs of Thomas W. Harvey
for the reextension of the patent heretofore
granted to said Harvey, on the 18th of August,
1840, for improvement in machinery for dress-
ing screw-heads, and reissued on the 4th of
January, 185!), and to grant the extension of
said patents for the period of seven years re-
spectively, from the 30th of May, 1807, and the
18th of August, 1807, when said patents by
law expired; provided that the patents shall
be extended only for the benefit of the widow
and legal heirs of said Harvey, and that these
extensions shall not develop for the use and
benefit of any corporation or person claiming
any right or interest in either of the said pat-
ents by virtue of any alleged agreement,
transfer, or assignment heretofore executed by
the said heirs, or any arbitration or award here-
tofore made between the said heirs and any
other person or corporation; and if at any
time said extended letters-patent shall be-
come in whole or in part the property of the
company which owned said patents at the
time when they were about to expire, or of
their successors, then this act shall at once
thereafter become void and of no effect; and
provided also that all rights in law or equity of
the persons legally in possession of machines
covered by said patents shall be fully pro-
tected in all cases from the said extensions of
letters-patent: provided said Commissioner,
after full hearing, upon due notice to all per-
sons desiring to contest said extensions, shall
be of opinion that said patents should be so
extended.
Mr. MYERS. I call the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
to lay this bill on the table. I have helped to
hill it three times, and I want to kill it the
fourth time.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to make an
inquiry of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Myers.]
Mr. MYERS. I withdraw the call for the
previous question, to hear the gentleman's
inquiry.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to inquire whether
this is the same patent the renewal of which
has been refused by the House heretoiore?
Mr. MYERS.- It is a new bill.
Mr. DAWES. I trust the gentleman will
answer my question.
Mr. MYERS. I have not the time now, as
the morning hour is about to expire.
Mr. DAWES. I want to know whether this
is the same patent (the bill being drawn in a
different shape) the extension of which has
been twice defeated in this House?
Mr. MYERS. I will answer the gentleman
as soon as 1 have the time. The Committee
on Patents has had no time to report, I having
yielded to a number of gentlemen ; and the
morning hour is about to expire. It the House
will second the previous question, I will make
a full explanation and yield to other gentlemen
who may desire to discuss the hill. I demand
the call for the previous question. _
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. Have l
not the right to call for the reading of the
^fhe SPEAKER. The gentleman has not,
-while the demand for the previous question is
pending.
Mr. DAWES. Is this proposition, which
been been twice defeated, to be put through
without the report being read?
Mr. MYERS. I will withdraw the call for
the previous question, and I trust my colleague
[Mr. Stevkns, of Pennsylvania] will withdraw
the motion to lay on the table. I have yielded
all the time the committee had to-day, and I
think we have been treated rather unkindly.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What is
the pending question ?
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] to
lay the bill on the table, is still pending.
Mr. MYERS. I hope my colleague, consid-
ering the circumstances, will withdraw that
motion.
Mr. STEYENS, of Pennsylvania. No, sir;
I cannot withdraw it. This is the same old
wood-screw patent coming before us in its
ghostly form for, I believe, the ninth time.
On the motion of Mr. Stevens, of Pennsyl-
vania, that the bill be laid on the table, there
were—ayes 47, noes 50.
Mr. FARMS WORTH. I call for tellers.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired ; and this bill goes over till the morn-
ing hour of Friday next.
CHILDREN OF G. W. FREER.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is requested
by the Committee on Invalid Pensions to state
that there was a clerical error in the bill (II.
It. No. 1252) granting a pension to the minor
children of Garrett W. Freer, which was passed
yesterday. The bill provided that, the pension
should commence Julyo, 18G8. The date ought
to have been July 5, 1803. If there be no
objection the correction will be made in the
engrossed bill.
There was no objection.
INTERNAL TAX BILL.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise for the purpose of
moving that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the tax bill; but before submitting
that motion I move that all debate on the pend-
ing section in relation to banks be terminated
in ten minutes after the House shall again
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move that the rules
be suspended,.and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the AV hole on the state
of the Union on the tax bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Poiieeoy in the chair,) and resumed tiie con-
sideration of the special order, being the bill
(Ii. It. No. 1000) to reduce into one act and to
amend the laws relating to internal taxes.
The pending section was section one hundred
and thirteen.
The pending question was on the amendment
of Mr. Price, to strike out in line fourteen the
words "one sixth," and insert in lieu thereof
.the words "one twelfth;" so as to make the
clause read as follows:
And n tax of one twelfth of one per cent each
month upon the average amount of circulation issued
by any bank, association, corporation, company, or
person, including as circulation all certihed checks
and all notes and other obligations calculated or
intended to circulate or to be used as money, butnot
including that in the vault of the bank or redeemed
and on deposit for said bank.
Mr. O'NEILL. Mr. Chairman, I will detain
the House for a moment only. I rose last even-
ing for the purpose of getting some information
from the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Log-ax]
in reference to taxing deposits, and also to learn
his views as to the propriety of having llie Gov-
ernment funds deposited in banking institutions
and private banks. I have since understood,
and I thought last evening 1 was correct, that
there was no such thing now as deposits of the
Government, in private banks. As I learn tap
facts there are jet national funds in national
banks in many parts of the country, and espe-
cially in banks located where there are no
officesof the sub-Treasury of the United States.
I stated last evening this was a great conven-
ience to the Government and furnished facili-
ties for the payment, of Government claims and
for the safety of collections in various of the
internal revenue collection districts, while at
the same time there was a check at all times in
favor of the Government by the bperations of
the clearing-houses to which, especially in
cities, the banks go. I was certain and I knew
I was right when I stated to the committee,
although we have a law restrictive in its char-
acter, as to making deposits of national funds
in the banks, yet it is inevitable that deposits
have to be made in banking institutions in dif-
ferent collection districts, the taxes to a large
amount being paid in checks late in the business
day when the sub-Treasury offices are closed,
and the Government thus has the benefit of
the watchfulness of the clearing-houses. Now,
sir, while I stand here to-day a bank man, not
as I was educated in the Whig party twenty-
five years ago, and yet not by any means an
anti-bank man as some of those around me
were educated to ho in the Locofoco party at
the same period, still I am not for putting too
severe restrictions upon the national banks. I
am in favor of the law as it stands and in favor
of the existing tax on circulation and deposits,
but I do not want to see that tax increased. I
know the circulation in some districts pf the
country and in some States is inadequate to
the business done in them. I know in the city
I have the honor in part to represent it is said
by manythatwehavenotacireulation adequate
to the business of the city.
Mr. ELA. Has not one of yourPhiladelphia
banks which had no use for its circulation sold
enough to start a country bank for nine per
cent, premium?
Mr. O'NEILL. I never heard of such a
bank ; but that is no point against the argu-
ment I make. I do not know of a banking
institution of Philadelphia or of Pennsylvania
that is to-day urging Congress not to put such
a tax upon them as they and their customers
should justly pay. I hope the tax upon circu-
lation and deposits will not be increased.
I witnessed the attacks made years ago in
Pennsylvania and other States upon the banks
under the guise of protecting the people by legis-
lation. These attacks were frequently made for
the purpose of injuring these institutions, so
necessary, when properly managed, to the busi-
ness prosperity of the country; and my only
interest in them novv is to aid in saving them
in their usefulness, and not to urge that they
should be exempted from their due share of
taxation.
[Ilere the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOGAN. 1 move to strike out " ona
sixth," and say "one fifth."
Mr. Chairman, I do not propose to enter into
a general discussion of the propriety of banks,
for that has nothing to do with the issue before
the House. The question is whether the Gov-
ernment of the United States should receive
interest on its deposits, the same as individuals.
In other woids, shall the Government of the
United States require collaterals for their de-
posits, and those collaterals are in Government
securities drawing six per cent, interest in gold,
when at the same time we have millions of
deposits in the banks. We pay the 'banks six
per cent, in gold upon the collateral.-^ and they
pay us not one cent upon the deposits of the
Government, deposits upon which they make
from six to ten per cent, on loans to individ-
uals. It does seem to me strange that the bank
can afford to pay private individuals for deposits
from four to six per cent., and yet cannot pay
the Government one cent. .
Mr. O'NEILL. I speak from the stand-point
I of my own locality. I say, and S ilnuk my
' colleague from the first district [Mr. R vxbAi.i J
! will concur with me, that this thing ol paying
i interest on deposits in banks in Philadelphia.
; is unknown. . , .
I Mr. LOGAN. Then all T have to sav is that
! they had better deposit their money in Chicago
1 or New York or Louisville or Cincinnati, win. ic
I they do pay interest on deposits. 1 <lo not
