1868.
the congressional globe
stationed at certain military posts on the Pacific
coast.
Mr. MALLORY moved that the same be
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Bail-
road, and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
CLERKS, ETC., IN TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting, in compliance with
acts of April 20, 1818, and August 26, 1842,
lists of clerks and other employes in the vari-
ous offices of his Department; which,on motion
of Mr. Randall, was referred to the joint Com-
mittee on Retrenchment.
room for appropriation committee.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the folio wing letter from the Clerk of the House:.
Clf.kk's Office Hocsf. of Representatives,
United States,
Washington, £>. C., March 25,18G8.
Sir : On the 23d instant the House passed this res-
olution: . _. .
"liesolved. That theroomnow occupied by the en-
grossing clerks be assigned to the use of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, the room at present occupied
by that committee being assigned to the engrossing
clerks until abetter and permanent arrangement can
be made." . .
Yesterday afternoon Ireeeived formal notice irom
the clerk of the Coifcmittee on Appropriations on be-
half of a sub-committee who have had charge of this
subject, that they desired immediate possession of the
present enrolling room.
The room assigned to the enrolling clerks by the
resolution referred to has been examined and isiound
to be so small that it will not even hold the desks and
cases now in'use by the enrolling clerks daily em-
ployed ; and 1 am at a loss to see how the engrossing
and enrolling required by the rules of tho House can
bo promptly and properly done with accommodations
so inadequate and so inferior to those now possessed.
I feel it my duty to make this representation to the
House, and trust that a more suitable room than that
indicated in the resolution of the 23d instant may be
provided for those charged with this branch ot the
work of this office.
Veryrospecttully.yourobedxei^erv^.^^
Clerhof Souse of Representatives United Mates.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax,
Speaker House of Representatives.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania. I move
that this letter be referred to the Committee
on Enrolled Bills.
Mr. SCOPIELD. I move to amend the
motion by adding a provision that all action
under the resolution heretofore adopted be sus-
pended till the Committee 011 Enrolled Bills
shall report on this subject.
Mr. BLAINE. The substance of that let-
ter is that the room which has been used by
nine committee men with frequently large au-
diences is not large enough for three enrolling
clerks*
Mr.'wASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ I did not
hear the reading of the whole of this commu-
nication. I would like to have it read again,
that we may know whether the Clerk rules the
House or whether the House rules itself.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Illinois that the commu-
nication was read in full, and that the House
was unusually quiet during the reading.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Gentle-
men were talking to me.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to amend the
motion to refer by striking out "the Commit-
tee on Enrolled Bills" and substituting "the
Committee on Appropriations.''
Mr. SCOPIELD. In reply to the remarks
of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wash-
burne,] which reflect upon the Clerk, I wish
to say that if the gentleman^ had heard this
letter read he would have discovered that it
is a very respectful communication, not ask-
ing the restoration to the enrolling clerks of
the room heretofore occupied by them, but
simply informing the House of what we prob-
ably had not thought of, that the room which
we have assigned them is too small, and ask-
ing us to make some other arrangement. It
the gentleman had heard the communication
read he would not have made the remark
which he has made. ,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I made
lay-remark for this reason, that since this reso-
lution was adopted a few days ago, the Clerk
has obstructed the execution of the order of
the House.
Mr. BLAINE. Oh, no; I think not. I
think the Clerk has behaved toward us with
marked courtesy.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania. I rise to a
question of order—that I have not surrendered
the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. When the gentleman made his
motion to refer, he did not demand the pre-
vious question, and therefore left it open to
debate. . -
Mr. IN6ERS0LL. Is it in order to move
to reconsider the vote by which the House
adopted the resolution referred to in this com-
munication?
The SPEAKER. It is not, because the
motion to reconsider was made and laid on the
table. The resolution can only be rescinded
by another resolution, to be offered under the
rules of the House with regard to resolutions.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The Chair now recognizes
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wil-
sox] as entitled to the floor.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to inquire what is the amendment proposed by
my colleague, [Mr. Scofield?]
The SPEAKER. Two amendments are now
pending. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Scofield] moves to amend the motion
of his colleague [Mr. Wilson, of Pennsyl-
vania] by adding a provision that the execu-
tion of the resolution be suspended till the
Committee on Enrolled Bills shall have re-
ported. The gentlemen from Ohio [Mr. Spald-
ing] moves to amend the motion to refer by
striking out "the Committee 011 Enrolled
Bills" and inserting "the Committee on Ap-
propriations."
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania. I accept
the amendment of my colleague, [Mr. Sco-
field,] and call the previous question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask the gentleman
to yield to me a moment.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania. For what
purpose?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. For a moment only.
I desire to make an inquiry and a remark.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania. I will hear
the gentleman's inquiry.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to inquire
whether the business of the Committee on
Appropriations is not nearly finished for the
session? Have not all their bills been reported
to the House, or nearly so ?
Mr. SPALDING. They have not.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask whether the
pleasant room they now have is not sufficient
for this session ? "Is it not a good room for the
approaching warm weather?
Mr. SPALDING. If the gentleman is so
pleased with it let him exchange it for the com-
mittee-room of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania. I demand
the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope it
will be voted down.
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spaldixg] is con-
sidered as pending.
The previous question was seconded; there
being, on a division—ayeS ninety-one, noes not
-<J&anted.
**rhe main question was then ordered to be
put.
Mr. Spaldixg's amendmentwas disagreed to.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was adopted; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We shall
have to report more liberal appropriations.
[Laughter. ]
3 laid
■ V
ioo<3 in *
niqkbl-oowmse fiv15 08s5j pieces..
Mr. KBLLEY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 068) for the coinage
of nickel-copper pieces of five cents and under;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Coinage, Weights,
and Measures, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
register of deeds.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 9G9) supplement-
ary to au act entitled "An act to establish the
office of register of deeds for the District
of Columbia,'' approved February 14, 1SG3;
which was read a first and second tirue, and
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
011 the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
pacific railroad freight tariff
The SPEAKER stated the next business in
order was House joint resolution No. 168, to
regulate tariff for freight and passengers on the
Union Pacific railroads and their branches, on
which the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Price]
was entitled to the floor.
Mr. PRICE. Mr. Speaker, it is not my in-
tention to take up the time of the House to
any considerable extent in reference to the sub
ject now pending; nor, indeed, should I have
said a word 011 this joint resolution, but have
satisfied myself with the motion to refer to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad, had it not
been for the singular course, in my judgment,
pursued by the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr Washburn] in debating this measure. I
have reference particularly to what I con-
sider an attack upou the Committee 011 the
Pacific Railroad. I will give his own language :
" Mr. Speaker, at a very early day in the session I
introduced a bill and had it referred to the Pacitic
Railroad Committee providing for a commission,
consisting of tho Secretary of War, Secretary ot the
Interior, and Attorney General, whose duty it should
be on tho 1st of July in each year to revise the tariff
of rates for transportation over the Pacific railroads.
Waiting for a long time for some action irom that
committee, and becoming satisfied that there would
be great delayand perhaps the bill would sleep tho
sleep that knows no waking/ X endeavored to arnvo
at the same result by the means of ajomt resolution.
Why that language should be used in refer-
ence to that committee is more than I am able
to conceive. No gentleman in this House
knows better than the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Washburx] that it is almost impos-
sible for a committee to report a bill uutiUhat
committee is regularly called ; and the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad had not been
called from the time the bill was referred to it
until the time when this language was used;
nor has it been called since. In addition to
that I had personally stated to the gentleman,
what probably I had no right to do, that the
committee had had the matter under consider-
ation, and that as chairman of the committee I
had been instructed to communicate with the dif-
ferent railroads named in the joint resolution,
for the purpose of ascertaining from them some-
thing in reference to their business, their re-
ceipts, and their expenditures. The knowl-
edge of that fact the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin had from me, and I was, therefore, the
more surprised to hear him use the language
I have just read.
I do not know that it is necessary to defend
tho committee in this 01- any other ease, but it
appears to me that it is when the further fact
is taken in connection with this that a rather
wholesale denunciation was made ol the mem-
bers of the House because of the passage ot
the amendment to the Pacific railroad
in 1864. Gentlemen who heard that speeou
will remember that it was stated that ther ^
no member to be found who had voted loi ,
