3134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 131
know what the system of banking may be in
Philadelphia, but it seems to be different from
the workings of the banking business every-
where else. 1 know that six per cent, on de-
posits has been and is being paid where I live,
and I do not see why, if they are willing to pay
six per cent, on my money (if I have anv to
deposit) they cannot pay the Government three
per cent, for its money, when the banks are
drawing interest from the Government from
the mere fact of its having deposits in these
banks.
Now, sir, I propose at the proper time to
offer—or the Committee of Ways and Means
will offer it—the amendment which 1 suggested
last night, that while the provisions of the bill,
so far as the circulation of banks is concerned, \
shall stand as they are, three per cent, shall j
be paid as taxation by the bank upon the I
amount of Government deposits; so that the J
Government may be receiving some interest
for its deposits as well as individuals; espe-
cially from those banks to which the Govern-
ment is paying six per cent, in gold for the
mere privilege of having banks to circulate the
Government's own notes, the Government
being responsible for the redemption of those
notes. 1 cannot understand why it is that
when you ask a small rate of interest to be
paid to the Government upon the deposits of
the Government in these banks, you at once
raise a hornet's nest in this House. If you
undertake to do anything that seems to furnish
money to the Government and take it from
the grasping clutches of capitalists, the very
men that can afford to pay taxes, it seems to
arouse the indignation of certain gentlemen
here. Now, so far as 1 am concerned, my
theory is that we should not legislate for the
rich alone, but seek to take the burden off the
poor man. You ought not to put so much
upon the poor man that he will be unable to
bear it. Unless you seek to derive your reve-
nue from the sources that are well able to
afford to be taxed, you will be very likely to
find yourself without revenue.
Mr. GARFIELD. I rise to oppose the
amendment pro forma. I wish to call the
attention of the committee to the fact that an
increase of the tax on circulation is much less
productive of revenue than the same percent,
of increase of the tax on deposits. The report ;
of the Comptroller of the Currency shows that j
in October last there were sixteen hundred and
forty three national banks, and that the total
circulation was about two hundred and ninety-
eight million dollars. The total deposits at
that time amounted to $uti5,500,000, being
nearly double the amount of circulation. It
will be seen that one twenty-fourth of one per
cent, on deposits will produce twice as much
as one twenty-fourth of one per cent, on cir-
culation. Therefore, if our object is to increase
the amount of revenue derived from banks, we
can do it much more effectually by increasing
the tax on deposits than by increasing it on
circulation, as proposed in this bill. I am sur-
prised that it should be proposed to raise the
tax which is already highest, and let the lower
tax stand as it is now fixed by law.
Another point, which has not been suffi-
ciently considered in this debate. There is at
the present, in my judgment, no more serious |
evil connected with our banking system than j
the fact that the banks in the great money ■
centers, such as New York, are allowed to
receive interest on deposits. The result is. all
the country banks deposit their money in these ;
banks and check against it at the same time
that they are receiving interest on it, and are
thus enabled substantially to use their money
twice. While this is permitted they will of
course not have money to lend at home to
business men, even on good business paper,
except at an exorbitant rate of interest. The
result is, that all over the West, and every-
where in the rural districts, the currency is
relatively very scarce, although it is very plenty,
even a plethora, in all great money centers.
There has not been a time in three years when
money could not be had on call at a very low
rate of interest, as low as four per cent., and
even lower in the city of New York, but it
could not be had for sixty or ninety days with-
out a much higher rate, even on the very best
security. The reason was that currency was
being used in Wall stieet in gambling opera-
tions, based on the rise and fall of stocks and
gold. It is loaned on call for that business,
when it would not be loaned on long time for
the very best security. For these reasons I
insist that we ought to throw the burden of
taxation rather on deposits than on circula-
tion. I am not sorry that the Committee of
Ways and Means propose to get more revenue
out of circulation, but I shall insist if they do
they must correspondingly raise the tax on
deposits.
it is generally conceded that deposits serve
many if not all the purposes of currency. Mr.
Walker, in his able work on Public Wealth,
recently published, insists that all deposits are
to be added as a clear addition to the total
circulation of the country. If this view be
correct, the Committee of Ways and Means
ought to .show the present difference in the
rate of tax or the two should be continued ;
rather than to ask us—as they do in this bill—
to make that difference greater 
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. All debate on this sec-
tion is closed by order of the House.
Mr. LOGAN. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. PlllCE. Is the question now ou my
amendment ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. PlUCK. And if my amendment pre-
vails it will leave the law just as it is, will it
not?
The CHAIRMAN. It will.
The question was taken on Mr. Prick's
amendment, and there were—ayes 42, noes
41 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Pmce,
and liooPBii of Massachusetts, were appointed.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to ask the Chair
a question. Is a vote in the affirmative a vote
to keep the tax where it now is under the
existing law?
The CHAIRMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. RANDALL. And a vote in the nega-
tive is in favor of increasing the tax.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to ask the Chair
whether a vote for this amendment will keep
the tax at one per cent., and a vote against it
make the tax two per cent. ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a question
of order. Tliatisnota parliamentary question.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 51, noes 51.
The Chairman voted in the affirmative.
Ho the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to offer the
following amendment:
Page 165, section one hundred anrl thirteen, line
nine, after the word "banking;" insert as follows:
"and a tax of one-fourth of one per cent, each
month on the average amount of aft deposits of
public money m their possession to the credit of the
Trcasuicr or oi the disbursing officer of the United
States."
Mr. GRISWOLD. I move to amend
the amendment by inserting after the word
''amount'' the words " in excess of $25.000."
The amendment to the amendment was
disagreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Schexck's
amendment: and being put, the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I offer the following
amendment from the Committee of Ways and
Means to make the section conform to the
amendment just adopted:
Page 165, section one hundred and thirteen, line
five, after the word "money "insert thewords "other
than public moneys of the United States."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 offer the following
amendment, to come in at the end of the
section:
Provided further, That none of the money herein
authorized to be collected shall be deposited in a
national bank in any city or place whore thero is
located the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer of
the United States. All public moneys collected and
received in any city or place for the Government
shall bo deposited with such Treasurer or Assistant
Treasurer, shall be subject only to the draft of the
Secretary of the Treasury or tho Treasurer of the
United States, as provided by law, and under such
regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury from
time to time shall deem expedient and establish; and
any public officer violating this provision of the law
and depositing public money otherwise than is herein
directed, and any other person who shall aid therein,
shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and on
conviction thereof shall bo fined a sum not exceed-
ing to,000, and be imprisoned for a term not exceed-
ing thice years, or either, at the discretion of the
court.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
statu his point of order.
Mr. SCIIENCK. The first part of this-
amendment, if it were separated from the rest,
I think would be in order, and I should be ill
favor of it. But the last part of the amendment,
proposing to amend the sub-Treasury laws, I
think tends to make the amendment out of
order.
'The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. RANDALL. Very well; I will move
that portion of my amendment to which the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sciienck] does not
object.
Mr. GARFIELD. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall]
to modify his amendment by inserting afterthe
word "sub-Treasurer" the words "or other
public depositary."
Mr. RANDALL. The national banks are
public depositaries.
Mr. HOLMAN. Letthe amendmentas now
submitted be read.
The amendment was again read, being to add
to the scction the following:
Provided further, Thnt none of the money author-
ized to be collected under this act shall be deposited
in !X national bank in any city or place where theio
is located aTreasurerorun Assistant Treasurer of the
United States.
Mr. O'NKILL. I want to ask my colleague
[Mr. IIaxd.U.i.] a question.
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate is in
order.
Mr. RANDALL. I could not answer any
question if I would.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding to it the following:
And provided farther, That no public moneys shall
be deposited in any bank in any city where there is
located a TreasurerorAssistantTreasurerofthe Uni-
ted States.
Mr. RANDALL.
amendment.
Mr. LYNCH. No, it is not. The amend-
ment of the gentleman applies to moneys col-
lected under this act; my amendment to the
amendment relates to any public moneys.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Lynch to the amendment of Mr.
Randall ; and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred upoti'the amendment
of Mr. Randall.
Mr. O'NBl LL. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding to it tho words " providedsuch
deposits shall be made daily."
Mr. RANDALL. That is provided for else-
where.
Mr. O'NEILL. Then I will withdraw my
amendment.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Randall ; and it was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend that
portion of this section providing for a tax on
the average amountof deposits, by striking out
the words "one twenty-fourth " and inserting
"one twelfth."
Mr. STEVENS, of New Hampshire. I move
to amend the amendment by striking out "one
twelfth " and inserting "one sixth."
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment to the amendment, and it was not agreed
to; there being, upon a division—ayes twenty-
two, noes not counted.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
That is the same as my
