2110
mE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
V
meaning by that, I suppose, that those who
had voted for jfc were ashamed of having done
so. In looking at; the Congressional Globe
containing the record of the proceedings on
that occasion I find that there are thirty-one
members of this Fortieth Congress who voted
for that measure in the Thirty-Kighth Congress.
That, I take ifc, is a fair indication that the peo-
ple who sent them here indorsed their action
upon that occasion. And not only have they
done that, butsomeof the members who voted
for this measure in the Thirty-Eighth Congress
have been elevated by their constituents to the
Senate of the United States. Whether all the
thirty-one gentlemen will get there or not re-
mains to be seen. [Laughter.] It is a matter
of time and of hope on the part of some of
them. I am asked by a friend on my left how
many are here who voted against it. I am not
prepared to say exactly, but I will risk the as-
sertion that there are not ten members of the
Fortieth Congress who voted against that meas-
ure in the Thirty-Eighth Congress.
Mr. WASIiBURNE, of Illinois. Here is
one who voted against it.
Mr. PRICE. Why, as a matter of course
the gentleman did. Itisaworkof supereroga-
tion on his part to say he is one of them.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. And here
is another present.
Mr. PRICE. Mr. Speaker, I do not under-
stand that it is a mark of condemnation upon
a member of this House that he has voted for
or against any measure. I presume no gentle-
man casts his vote upon any measure here,
whether it be a railroad bill or any other, un-
less he conceives it to be right to do so. He
stands upon the record. I deprecate the idea,
and if I could cure the evil in that way I would
enter my protest here on the record against
this seeming—to use no harsher term—im-
pugning or calling in question of the motives
of members who happen to vote for or against
a measure.
I heard before I became a member of Con-
gress or had ever seen the inside of this con-
gressional Hall an anecdote which I will relate
as illustrative of this practice and of my own
feelings in reference to it. A colored man,
before the shackles had been stricken from his
limbs, while not only his body but his mind, to
a certain extent, was in bondage, was asked if
his master was a Christian. "No, sir,'' said
he, "my massa is a member of Congress."
[Laughter.]
Now, sir, I was not able to see why a man
should not be a member of Congress and at the
same time a Christian, and I supposed a man
with the free use of his limbs and faculties,
who was morally and mentally free, would not
have given such an answer. But when I hear
members of Congress on this floor calling in
question the motives of gentlemen who have
voted for or against a measure, they themselves
being parties concerned, I do not wonder that
a man outside who knows nothing but what he
had heard should make just such an answer as
that.
Did the members of the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress commit any sin against the laws of God
or man when they voted for the amendment to
the Pacific railroad charter in 1864 ? Are they
to be called before the judgment seat, to-day
and arraigned as having committed an act
against their country or against their Maker?
Sir, I hope to live long enough to see the day
when that, kind of argument will not be used
upon this floor, butwhen a measure will stand
upon its merits, and gentlemen will vote for or
against it because the.y believe it to be right or
wiong, and when those principles and motives
will alone govern them.
Why, sir", it was but a day or two since that
I picked up a paper—and 1 will let it go upon
the record to correct the evil—in which I read
a statement that besides one gentleman in this
House and another at the other end of the Cap-
itol, there were not a dozen sober men in Con-
gress. [Laughter.] I am asked who were the
exceptions. ri he exceptions were the Speaker
of this House and Senator Wilson. [Laugh-
ter.] Well, sir, I am glad that they named
two good men. When they said that, they told
the truth, but they did not tell it all. I do not
find any particular fault with this scribbler who
writes from the Halls of Congress for saying
that we have sober men here. That is true ;
but if I could have controlled him I would have
had him tell the whole truth. And I want to
say here and now and to put it upon the record
—I did not intend to say anything on this sub-
ject when I rose to discuss a Pacific railroad
bill, but I do not think 1 can say anything bet-
ter—let it go to the country that the Fortieth
Congress has not only got two sober men in it,
one in the House and one in the Senate, and
they are exemplary men and worthy to be copied
after by any one, but that there are more of the
same kind of men in the Fortieth Congress
than there have been in any Congress for the
last fifty years. I want that to go upon the
record as an answer to the statement made by
this writer. And, as a friend in front of me
says, there are fewer of the other kind—fewer
men who indulge in intoxicating liquor as a
beverage than there have been in this House
or in the Senate for the last fifty years. 1 name
this, sir, to show that this species of argument
—if it may be called argument—this indulging
in innuendoes and insinuationsis not calculated
to do the Congress of the United States or the
people of the United States any good.
Why, sir, if we do not respect ourselves who
is to respect us? If a man comes here with-
out a moral foundation on which to build the
superstructure of his legislative character his
constituency had better keep him at home. I
trust that in the discussion of this or any other
question gentlemen will confine themselves to
the merits of the case and show by facts and
figures why the measure ought or not to bo
adopted. Character is everything in this
world, and I presume there is not a gentleman
on the floor now, nor has been for the last ten
years, and I hope there never, will be in the
future, who does not entirely sympathize with
the sentiment expressed in the language of
Sbakspeare, which I will quote:
"Who steals my purse steals trash; 'tis something,
nothing;
'Tw.is mine, 'tis his, nnd hit<< been slave to thousands;
But he that filchcs from mo my rjood name,
Ilobs me of that which not enriches him,
And makes me poor indeed."
Reputation, sir, ought not to be cheap in
this House; it ought not to be cheap anywhere;
and 1 hold that the practice of impugning the
motives of gentlemen who vote for or against
measures is cheapening the reputation of this
House to an extent that ought not to be
allowed.
But, sir, I proceed now to show that the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad ought not
to have been criticised in the manner they
were. I said to the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin at the time that the statement he made
lacked correctness. He replied :
" X state nothing but what is corrcct. The grentle-
man from Iowa 1 have spoken with several times,
arnt I h.-ive understood fiom him that the committee
hud had the matter under consideration, and I think
that ho is in favor of the measure, but that a major-
ity of the eommittee have no intention of reporting
that bill."
If the gentleman from Wisconsin understood
me to say anything of that kind to him I can
only say that he entirely misunderstood me.
I certainly never said to him what I did not
know myself, that the committee had no in-
tention of reporting Ahut bill. The committee
proceeded to the consideration of the bill yith
a diligence and industry that has not been'ex-
ceeded by that applied to any bill that has
come before the committee since I have had
the honor to be a member of it; and they would
have been ready, I presume—and if the bill is
left with them they will be ready, I presume—
whenever the committee is called to make
some report, whether for or against it I am
not now prepared to say, because I do not
happen to know what the majority of that
committee will do in the premises. I know
they will consider the matter fairly; I know
there are upon that committee gentlemen who
understand the question, and will brifig to its
consideration all the knowledge and experi-
ence they possess on that subject.
Let me give another item or two from the
speech of the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Washburn] which I think should be exam-
ined. In one place he says, "I say what t
do on this subject only to call attention move
forcibly to where we are drifting." Then, in
another part of his speech, he says :
" Nothing shows more clearly where we are drift-
ing than the fact that this Pacific Railroad Commit-
tee, only three or four days ago, attempted to report
another Pacific railroad bill, from Portland, Oregon,
to connect with the Pacific road at the north bend of
tho Humboldt river."
Now, all I have to say in reply to that is that
the Committee on the Pacific Eailroad did not
attempt to report a bill of that kind at all. We
had had under consideration a bill for such a
road, and bad so cut it up and ehanged it by
amendments, without coming to any conclusion
upon it, that the eommittee instructed me to
ask the House to allow it to be reprinted and
recommitted. That was nil I did. That, how-
ever, was objected to, and of course we did
not have the benefit of that reprinting. The
Committee on the Pacific Railroad have never
sought to report that bill, or any bill like it.
They have never decided what they will do with
that bill. J so stated to the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn] at my own desk,
where he came to ask me the question; I so
stated to him in so many words.
Then why make this complaint against the
Committee on the Pacific ltailroad? What
have they to do with it? Some of the members
of that committee belong to the legal profes-
sion ; some of them are business men. Their
duty is to consider the bills referred to them,
and to report to the House such as they think
proper to be passed by Congress; and until
they do this, it is scarcely necessary, to say the
least of it, for any gentleman to rise on this
floorand attempt to charge that committee with
doing something they have not sought to do.
The gentleman has charged, too, that a
great wrong was done to the Government be-
cause a certain road had not been built in a
direct line. . When the gentleman made that
statement I asked him this question :
, " lias the Government given one dollar more of sub-
sidy to the road on that route than it would havo
been obliged to give had the road been built on the
other route
The gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Wash-
burn] answered " Yes, sir." Now, I want to
read the law on that subject. The provision
to which [ refer is as follows :
"And said company, constructing said branch, shall
not be entitled to receive in bonds an amount larirer
than the said union Pacific Railroad Company would
have been entitled to locoive if it had constructed
the branch under the aet to whieh this is an amend-
ment."
That is tolerably plain language. So, then,
if the Union Pacific Railroad Company, or
the Government of the United States, or the
Congress of the United States, as is the fact,
allows that road to be built in any way so as to
make the connection contemplated and speci-
fied in the first act of Congress that may be
presumed to be right; and when the gentleman
from Wisconsin said that they got more money
from the Government than they would other-
wise have got he was mistaken simply, as the
record shows.
Mr. ALLISON. Will my colleague [Mr.
Price] yield to me for two minutes?
Mr. PRICE. Certainly.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire merely to say that
my friend from Wisconsin [Mr. Wasiibubx]
has evidently been laboring under a misappre-
hension upon this question of the Sioux City
branch railroad, possibly because he has not
investigated it with that care which he might
have exercised, and possibly because he was not
in the Thirty-Eighth Congress, which ehanged
the original legislation upon that subject.
t i he chairman of' the Committee on the Pa-
cific Railroad [Mr. Price] will bear me wit-
ness that whatever change was made in that
Sioux City branch was made at the instance
