1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
losr
tute some other word that will serve the pur-
pose. " Noise " will probably do as well.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question about the facts?
Mr. PRICE. No, I canaot yield now. I
have already yielded to the gentleman.
Now, sir, this resolution proposes, as its very
backbone, that the ownership of this bridge
shall -be in the Government, not giving the con-
trol of it. to any railroad company. If the
gentleman were attorney here for any railroad
company, then his speech would be entirely
appropriate, provided it had contained a little
more of that article which ought to be found in
all speeches as well as all books.
I aid not suppose any gentleman on this floor
would object to this resolution. It is simply
explanatory of a law heretofore passed. In-
stead of giving the control of the bridge to the
railroad, it in express terms gives the control
to the Government. That is what railroad men
do not like, I suppose; but it is what the peo-
ple want. I now call the previous question.
Mr. HOLM AN. In consequence of the con-
fusion in the Hall it was impossible for usto
hear the reading of the joint resolution. I desire
to ask whether it makes an appropriation ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that it does not, but at any rate it is too late to
raise the point, as the joint resolution came in
by unanimous consent.
Mr. SCOFIELD. As the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Price] says that I have misstated
all the facts 
Mr. PRICE. Not all.
Mr. SCOFIELD. And as the gentleman has
himself stated none of the facts, but has asked
us to go it blind, without even explaining the
facts, I think, after his discourtesy and his un-
Earliamentary remarks with regard to myself
e ought to yield for a question.
Mr. PRICE. I will do so.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask whether this joint
resolution, with the legislation which preceded
it, which is perfected by it, and which is useless
without it, does not provide that the United
States shall build a railroad bridge and pay one
half of the expense, the railroad company pay-
ing the other half; the title, to be sure, remain-
ing in the United States; the United States hav-
ing the right of way for wagons by a bridge hung
underneath, but the railroad company having
the whole use of the main bridge. I ask the
gentleman whether that is not the fact?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Will not
the joint resolution also compel the company
to remove the present bridge ?
Mr. PRICE. I will answer the gentleman.
He thinks I have been rather discourteous. I
will say to him that there was no intention on
my part to be discourteous. But I claim the
right when the gentleman makes a statement
that does not correspond with the facts to con-
tradict it.
Now, I answer the gentleman that the rail-
road company have a bridge of their own there
to-day, which is an obstruction to navigation,
and which, for that reason, this Congress passed
a law compelling them to remove. They pro-
vided in that first law the_ Secretary of War
should give such aid, pecuniary and otherwise,
toward the construction of a new bridge as he
thought proper. This is for the purpose of
enabling the Secretary of War to earr^ out the
provisions of that law. This joint resolution is
asked for by the Secretary of War; and, sir, I
answer most decidedly that there is no wagon-
road bridge under this bridge for the public.
Mr. SCOFIELD. How do wagons get over
it? „ ,
Mr. PRICE. The Government is compelled
to build a bridge across, and it has to put up
pievs whether this bridge would run across it
or not; but, sir, by this means we make the
railroad company pay for one half of the cost
of the bridge which it would have to build
otherwise at its own entire cost.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The United States have
a bridge there.
Mr. PRICE. The United States have no
bridge across the river at all. There is a slough.
Mr. SCOFIELD. . There is one from the
mainland to the island.
Mr. PRICE. There is no river there : but
there is a slough between the mainland and
Rock island. It requires $13,000 to build that
bridge. They have transferred it to the Gov-
ernment, and we do not propose to interfere
with it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. That is a bridge to the
island.
Mr. PRICE. It is a bridge over the slough
costing $13,000.
Mr. SCOFIELD. From the eastern shore.
Mr. PRICE. That is all of it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The United States are to
pay one half of the cost of the railroad bridge
and the railroad company are to pay the other
half, and the reason he gives us, as I under-
stand, is the company have now a bridge ob-
structing the navigation, one which the United
States requires to be removed, and this reso-
lution provides that the United States shall pay
one half of the cost of a new bridge.
Mr. PRICE. The true statement of thecase
is that the Government is compelled to build a
bridge to get to its works upon the island, and
by this means the railroad company pay one
half of the cost.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman has sub-
stantiated all my statements.
Mr. UPSON. What necessity is there for
having a bridge to Rock Island from the oppo-
site western shore ?
Mr. PRICE. They could not get to their
property unless they had it. The Government
own the whole island, which is three miles
long, and they are building ail armory and
arsenal there.
Mr. UPSON. I speak of the western side.
Mr. PRICE. They could not get there with-
out it.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Has the
joint resolution been printed?
The SPEAKER. It has. It is upon the
files, printer's number 220.
Mr. SCOFIELD. That is an old one.
The SPEAKER. It is the same joint reso-
lution with the exception of one date, which is
changed.
Mr. PRICE. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved that the joint reso-
lution be laid on the table; and on that motion
demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered; and
the motion was disagreed to.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time ; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the joint resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 85, nays 45, not voting
59; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson,DelosR
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker. Beaman, Benja-
min, Bingham, Blaine, Bromwell, Header W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cullom, Dodge,
Eggleston, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Garfield,
Gravely, Harding, Higby, Hopkins, Asahel W.Hub-
bard, Chester D.Hubbard, Ingersoll, Jenckes, John-
son, Judd. Julian, Kelsey, Koontz, Laflm, GeorgeV.
Lawrence, Loan, Logan, Loughndge, Lynch, Mar-
shall, Marvin, McClurg. McCormick, Miller, Mor-
rell, Mullins, Mungen, Myers, Neweomb, Nicholson,
O'Neill, Orth, Perham, Peters, Pike, Pile, Plants,
Price, Pruyn, Sawyer, Shanks, Sitgreaves, Spalding,
Stewart, Stokes, Stone, Taffo, Thomas, lrowbridge,
Twichell, Upson, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Trump,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elihu B. Washburiie,
Henry D. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welkcr,
James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Windom, and
WNAYS—Messrs. Arneli, Bailey, Beatty, Benton,
Boyer, Brooks, Brooui<ill,BucklaTKl, Cary, Churchill,
Cornell, Eckley, Ela, Fields, Getz, Glossbrenner,
Haiglit, Hawkins, Hill, Holman, Richard D. Hubbard,
Hulburd, Humphrey, llunter.Kelley, Kerr, Ketcham,
Kitchen, William Lawrence, Ma.yns.rd, Mereur,
Moore, Moorhead, Isunn, Pame, Polsley, Scofield,
Thaddeus Stevons.Taylor. John Triinble.Van Auken,
Ward, Thomas Williams, William Williams, and
Woodward—45. . ,.*„n
N0X VOTING—Messrs. Adama, Archer, Axtell
Baldwin, Banks, Barnes, Barnum, Beek, Blair,Bout-
well, Burr, Butler, Cake, Chaaler, Covode, Dawes
Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Eldridge, Eliot, Finney,
Fox, Golladay, Griswold, (!rover, Halsey, Hooper,
Hotchkiss, Jones, Knott, Lincoln, Mallory, McCar-
thy, McCulloch, Morgan, Morrissey, Niblack,
Phelps, Poland, Pomeroy, Randall, Raum, Robert-
son, Robinson, Ross, Scnenck, Selye, Shellabarger,
Smith, Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens, Taber, Xiaw-
rcnce S. Trimble, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Van
Wyck, Stephen F. Wilson, and Woodbridge—59.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. PRICE moved-to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave of absence.
The SPEAKER asked and obtained leave
of absence for Mr. Cauy for one week after to-
day. ^.Iso, for Mr. Archer for one week.
order of business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
move that the rules be suspended and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the legislative appropriation bill.
But before that motion is put I will yield for a
moment to the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] to offer a resolution, and then
for four minutes to the gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Pile] for a personal explanation.
impeachment.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. _ I ask
leave'to introduce the following resolution :
Resolved, That the evidence taken on impeachment
by the Committee on the Judiciary be referred to the
Committee on Reconstruction, and the committea
have leave to report at any time.
Mr. RANDALL and Mr. BROOKS ob-
jected.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
to suspend the rules.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the gentleman will
allow me to suggest an amendment, I may con-
clude to vote for the suspension of the rules.
My amendment is that fifty thousand copies of
the evidence be printed for the use of the pub-
lic. I think the gentleman ought to consent
to that, as it has not yet been printed except
for the House.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. This is
to save taking new evidence.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The public have never
had an opportunity of reading that testimony,
and they are very anxious to have it.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I have no
objection.
The SPEAKER. That order cannot be made
even by unanimous consent. The motion must
go to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think the verdict of
the people would have been conclusive and
final against impeachment before now if the
evidence had been printed and distributed
among them.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman offer
that resolution for reference to the Committee
on Printing?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. The resolution then goes
to the Committee on Printing.
Is the objection to the resolution of the gen-
tlemen from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] in-
sisted upon?
Mr. BROOKS. I will not object to the
resolution if the gentleman will permit me to
make an amendment. It is very important
that the reply of the President of the United
States, as made to the letter of the General of
the Army, be requested to be sent to this House.
I therefore move the following additional reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the President be
mit to this House any further correspondence he may
have had with General U. S. Grant in addition to
that heretofore submitted on
cent vacation by the latter of the War Office
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I agree
t0The resolution of Mr. Stevens, of Pennsyl-
vania, as amended by the addition of the reso-
lution of Mr. Brooks, was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the several votes just taken 3 and
