1868.
TH1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of the Minnesota delegation in this House and
at their request; it was made with the view of
accomplishing the very thing that the gentle-
manfrom Wisconsin desires to accomplish, that
isa short route from the head of Lake Superior
to the main line of the Union Pacific railroad.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Mr.
Speaker 
Mr. ALLISON. In the few minutes allowed
me I cannot yield to the gentleman.
Now, sir, by a direct line from Sioux City
to the town of Fr6mont., which is at the north
bend of the Platte river, the distance is sev-
enty-three miles. By the route which has been
selected it is one hundred miles—only twenty-
seven miles longer than the straight line; the
latter running over high hills and through a
number of valleys—the route having been pro-
nounced by distinguished engineers almost im-
practicable. If the route were carried across
the Missouri river at Sioux City it would really
make a longer line than that which has been
selected, a portion of which is in the State of
Iowa. I submit that it is not a good ground
for objection to this Sioux City branch that a
portion of it runs through the State of Iowa and
not the State of Nebraska. That is all 1 desire
to say. '
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Mr.
Speaker 
Mr. PRICE. I have not time to yield to my
friend from Wisconsin. I have promised a
part of my time to my colleague, [Mr. Dodge.]
Now., Mr. Speaker, I wish to call attention
to an expression which was made the other
day by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.WASH-
burne,] and I desire to see whether the gen-
tleman himself will not agree that he has done
some injustice. My colleague from the fifth
district [Mr. Dodge] was trying to get the ear
of the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Wash-
burn] when the gentleman from Illinois rose
and said—I cannot say it so loudly as he did—
1 cannot imitate his style of utterance, but
I can read the language as reported in the
Globe:
"I object to the gentleman from Wisconsin yield-
ing to the agents of the road, unless some of the Rep-
resentatives of the people ean be heard."
Now, we shall all agree without argument
that the people have an able advocate on this
floor, not only to watch the Treasury but to
watch the agents of the railroads. So long as
he is allowed to occupy a place here, whichl
presume will be a long time—and I hope his
shadow may never grow less—the people will
have not only a faithful guardian of the Treas-
ury but a vigilant sentinel upon the watch-
tower, always ready to protect their rights.
But what did the gentleman mean when he
spoke of "agents" of a railroad ? I thought
1 might have misunderstood him, and that
probably he had spoken in the singular num-
ber. But it is printed in the Globe, as I un-
derstood it, " agents." There happened to
be two of us claiming at that time the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Wisconsin ; one
was my colleague, [Mr. Dodce,] aud the other
myself. It took both of us to make "agents."
How did weeome to be " agents of the road?"
Why was that remark interpolated in that form?
I cannot consider it as anything else than a
part of the sharp tactics of the gentleman from
Illinois. If we are " agents of the road," the
presumption is that we are sent here for the
purpose of advocating the interests of the road
and of doing things which, as legislators, we
ought not to do.
Now, sir, I have not come here as an " agent
of the road." I have no more interest in it
than my friend from Illinois has. I have never
had any interest in it, and never expect to
have. Sir, when this project was originated—
a project unprecedented, proposing to connect
the waters of the Atlantic with the waters of
the Pacific, to unite with bands of iron the
East and the West—there were but few men
in this country who had the nerve to invest
their money in the enterprise. My friend from
Illinois did not invest any money in it; nor did
I. We had not the necessary amount of nerve.
We had not much money, and we had less
nerve. Therefore, we did not engage in the
enterprise. And I think that no gentleman
ought to come here to-day to call in question
the motives or the principles of those men who
had the nerve to spend their money for the con-
struction of this road, which, when finished,
will be one of the most magnificent works on
this continent.
Why, sir, no one who has studied at all the
history of Rome can fail to know something
about the Appian Way, which one of the Ro-
! man historians went so far as to call the Queen
of Roads. What was it? It reached originally
from Rome to Capua, a distance of one hun-
dred and twenty-live miles, and was afterward
extended till it embraced a distance of three
hundred and thirty, or, as some say, three hun-
dred and fifty miles. The famed Appian Way
will live in the pages of history while the name
of ancient Rome lives in the pages of history.
But what is that, sir, compared to the Pacific
railway, from ocean to ocean, that penetrates
into a wilderness never before explored save
by the Indian or the buffalo? Compared with
this gigantic undertaking the famous Appian
Way is little better than a cow path. I say,
then, it comes with a bad grace from any gen-
tleman here, and especially any gentleman from
the West, to attempt to do discredit to the reso-
lute men who have invested their energies and
their capital in this vast undertaking.
Now, let us look at what the Pacific Rail-
road Company charge for the carriage of freight
and passengers. I trust, if I tell the truth on
this point, and I never intend to tell anything
else, I shall not be accused by the gentleman
from Wisconsin with being the agent of this
company. I do not know but they charge too
much both for freight and for passengers, hut
I shall know better about that when 1 come to
investigate the subject fully and in detail. Then
when we have all the figures before us, for fig-
ures do not lie, we can better judge whether
the company charges too much or not. But,
sir, from the slight investigation I have given
to the subject I have satisfied myself the Pacific
Railroad Company does not charge more than
one third of what was charged for freight and
passengers before that road was commenced.
That much I know. 1 know while it cost $1S5
a passenger for going from Omaha to Denver
City before that road was built, upon this road
for the same distance the charge is only
$51 50. I know while before it cost §1 80 the
hundred pounds to carry freight that distance
it now only costs fifty cents. The cost, then,
for passengers and freight is really two thirds
less than it was before this road was built. So
the cost has been reduced two thirds, and not
increased as was alleged by the gentleman
from Wisconsin. Of course I do not under-
take to speak with precise accuracy, but gen-
erally ; nor is it necessary to this argument
that I should go into details. The fact is that
the charge for passengers and freight is now
only one third of what it was before this road
was built. The public have to that extent been
benefited by the construction of this road.
When the committee investigates all of the
facts, when we have all of the figures before us,
I shall then make up my judgment upon those
facts and figures. I shall do that which I
believe to be right.
I can assure gentlemen there are now rail-
road companies which charge more than the
Pacific Railroad Company ; and there is a fact
about the Pacific railroad which gentlemen
should not lose sight of, and it is this: this
road, sir, has to carry fuel for its engines hun-
dreds of miles. No other railroad company is
compelled to do this to anything like the same
extent. And there is still another fact. This
road has freight and passengers to a great ex-
tent only one way, and its cars are brought
back empty, or nearly so. Gentlemen who
know anything about these things knowit'eosts
more to run a road that has business only one
way than to run a road which has a return
business; that is, ousiness to and fro. Yet,
sir, notwithstanding these disadvantages, this
road charges two thirds less than the cost before
the road was built.
I do not know that it is relevant to the
pending joint resolution, although it is in an
answer to the gentl_eman:s speech. My friend
from Wisconsin said it was fortunate men did
not live beyond one hundred years, for other-
wise Cornelius Vanderbilt in the next fifty
years would own the world. I do not ask any
legislation t.o protect me or my constituents
from Mr. Vanderbilt or any other man living.
If he can own this world I am satisfied. [
presume he is a live man and that he will not
be buried till he is dead. That is more than
can be said for some others; they are dead and
ought to have been buried out of sight long
ago. I hope the gentleman will not charge me
with being the agent of Vanderbilt. If I am he
does not know it, and I do not know it.
I have invested a few thousands in a railroad
running through a country where more people
lived than lived upon the line of this Pacific
railroad, and I have no distinct recollection
of getting my money out again. I think I have
got one dollar in seven out. But I had not
got money enough to speculate in that way and
so I quit the business.
And, so far as the Pacific railroad is con-
cerned, if the enterprise had depended on the
aid of my friend from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
borne] and myself, I think that the trackless
forest and unbroken wilderness would have
remained undisturbed until this day, and for
many days in the futui-e. Neither he nor I
would have helped to build it.
But I say all honor to the men, whether they
live in Massachusetts, New York, or elsewhere,
who have the money, the energy, and the nerve
to prosecute an enterprise like this such as the
world, up to the present time, has never seen,
and never would see but for such men. There
has never been a railroad built—and I must
say it at the risk of being charged with being
an agent of the company—there has never been
a railroad built on this or any other continent
with the speed with which this has been built.
At one time 1 am told the stock of the com-
pany was not worth fifty cents on the dollar,
and bankruptcy stared the majority ofthe stock-
holders in the face. But they persevered, as
Columbus did, against difficulties and discour-
agements until now, from the best informa-
tion I can obtain from my friend from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Washdurx,] their bonds are said
to be the best securities of the kind in the
world. The suggestion occurs to my mind
whether somebody has not got these bonds to
sell. But I say after these men have passed
through all the dangers and outrode the storm,
now that the clouds begin to break away from
the horizon and they can see the light in the
distance, now that the prospect is brightening
for them they are met by parties who seek to
interpose obstacles in the way of their success.
Just as soon as a man begins to get a little
ahead in this world somebody is ready to pull
him back by the coat tail. Where you find
one man with the hatchet and hammer ready
to build up you will find five hundred ready to
burn down what he is building. I do not
think that kind of practice ought to have any
countenance in this House.
If these men make money I shall, for one,
rejoice at the fact, because some other men
will be encouraged to undertake like enter-
prises, until between the Atlantic and the Pa-
cific there shall be railroad after railroad, high-
way after highway; when a man can attend
church in New York on one Sabbath, and in
San Francisco on the next; when space will
be annihilated, as it were, and this nation shall
be united and bound together not only by the
common ties of kindred and language, but by
iron bandsthat cannot be severed.
Mr. Speaker, I have scarcely introduced this
subject, but my colleague [Mr. Dodge] wants
sometime, and I promised to yield to him.
Now, this matter having been discussed for an
hour and a quarter by the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Washburn,] aud as I know
the business of the House is pressing, ana
