1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ttl89
have in that olden time to which the Senator
referred. I say the East of to-day could not
survive the destruction of the West, and the
West could hardly survive the destruction of
the East. We are essential to each other and
proportioned to each other; and i hope we
may still grow with the harmony of those pro-
portions undisturbed and unbroken. I am
prepared to declare one thing for the future,
that I never shall be animated by any spirit
of jealousy toward any portion of my country,
and least of all let me say here in conclusion
shall I be animated by any spirit of jealousy
against that portion of the East from which
the Senator himself comes, and out of which I
myself am glad to know I sprang. New Eng-
land never will suffer from any deliberate act
of mine, whatever other seetionsof the country
I may unhappily touch.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, as far as
these sectional discussions are concerned I
think they are vastly unprofitable, and I do not
take any stock in them. In regard to this
amendment I do not think it is consulting true
economy or retrenchment. I am in favor of
retrenchment, and I am in favor of economy ;
but is it economy or retrenchment, in the true
sense of the word, to stop a public work that
is of a national character, and that is essential
to the commerce and trade of the country ?
Is there any economy in that? Isthatthe kind
of retrenchment that the people demand ?
They do notdemand theretrenchmentof neces-
sary expenses, but they demand the retrench-
ment of unnecessary expenses, of large expend-
itures that have been made, and which now
can be dispensed with and ought to be dis-
pensed with. But, sir, you take an improve-
ment like that around the rapids of the Mis-
sissippi river, indispensable to a great national
commerce, and you stop that improvment, or
just appropriate enough to keep it in repair
and not lose what you have done, and I ask
you what economy there is in that? Is that
retrenchment? Take the improvement around
the falls of the Ohio river, which is indispens-
able to the commerce of four or live hundred
million dollars every year, and you stop
that improvement, or yon say you will simply
keep it in repair so as not to lose what you
have done. I ask what kind of economy or
retrenchment there is in that? I submit there
is none. That is not the kind of economy that
this nation ought to practice.
I have in my hand the river and harbor bill
as it comes to us from the House of liepre-
sentatives. This subject has always been lia-
ble to great abuses, and I find that this bill is
no exception. The trouble is in confining
the appropriations to works that are really of
a national character instead of being local.
There are some one hundred and eighty appro-
priations in this little bill, and 1 believe it
would be pretty hard work to find forty or fifty
of the names on the map. At least sixty or
seventy of these appropriations are for places
that are not national in their character, that
a,re purely local. Here are appropriations for
harbors that you cannot, find on the map, I ven-
ture to say; to build harbors where there are
none, for the purpose of private speculation.
But, Mr. President, it is the duty of the Sen-
ate to take up the bill and go over it, use the
jiruuing-knife, use it boldly, cut out those
appropriations that are not national in char-
acter, and make those that are national and
thataredemandedby the commerce, the growth
and trade of the country.
f think that this amendment is not wise in
iise.lt. Even if we do not appropriate more than
Si.000,000, if we cut down specific appro-
priations until the aggregate does not amount
to more than $1,000,000, still I think the
amendment is unwise and we had better make
the appropriations specific in their character.
You leave it to the Secretary of War, a good
man. but who has much other business on hand
besides designating which are the important
river and harbor improvements to make. Let
this matter be determined by the Senators and
Representatives in Congress assembled, who
come from all parts of the country and know
more about this than the Secretary of War
possibly can do.
Sir. COLE. It is quite evident that we shall
not get through with the bill this afternoon,
and I desire to have an executive session.
Mr. POME ROY. I think we had better
agree first to take a recess from five o'clock
to half past seven.
My. SUMNER. Had we not better go on
with the bill a little longer, in the hope that
we may finally dispose of it and then adjourn
for the day ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
gentleman from California withdraw his motion
to enable the Senator from Kansas to submit
the motion indicated by him?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that at five o'clock
to-day the Senate take a recess unLill half past
seven.
The motion was agreed to.
VACANCIES IN' EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENTS.
Mr. CONKLING submitted the following
report :
Tho committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (S. No. 352) to authoriKO the temporary supply-
ingof vacancies in the Executive Departments, hav-
ing met., alter full mid tree conference, have agreed
to recommend, and do recommend, to theirrespective
Houses, as follows:
That tho House recede from its disagreement to the
first amendment of the Seuate, and agree to thesame.
That tho House recede from its disagreement to
the second amendment of the Senate, and aaree to
the same, with amendments, as follows: strike out
the word "and," in line three of said amendment,
and insert after the word "second,"in the same line,
the words "and third,-" and the Senate agree to the
same.
That the House recede from its disagreement to the
third amendment of the Senate, and agree to tho
same, with an a.inendment, as follows : after the word
" upon," in said amendment, strike out all to the end
of the amendment, and insert in lieu the following
woids: "the exuminer-in-chief oldest in length of
commissionand the Senate agree to the same.
ROSCOE CONKLING,
WM. II. STEWART,
Manager* on the part oj ill*. Senate.
THEODORE M. POMEROY,
WAJ. LAWRENCE,
Managers on the part of the Iloute.
The report was concurred in.
HOUSE 1!ILL REFERRED.
The joint resolution (II. R. No. 341) au-
thorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to re-
fund duties paid on chime of bells and clock
imported for St. Joseph's Cathedral, Buffalo,
New York, was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on i'inance.
EXECUTIVE SUASION".
On motion of Mr. COLE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. At five o'clock the doors were reopened,
and the Senate took a recess until half past
seven p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
IIENItY B STE. MARIE.
Mr. WrILSON. I move to take up for con-
sideration House joint resolution No. 320.
The motion was agreed to ; and the joint
resolution (II. R. No. 323) for the relief of
Henry B. Ste. Marie was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It is a direction to the
Secretary of State to pay out of the civil service
fund of his Depaitmeut the sum of $10,000
to Ileiuy B. Ste. Marie, for services and in-
formation in the arrest of John II. Surratt, in
the kingdom of Italy, charged with the crimes
'of conspiracy and murder.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to a third reading, read tlie third
time, and passed.
TERRITORY ACQUIRED FROM RUSSIA.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (II. Jt.
No. I00G) making an appropriation of money
to carry into effect the treaty with Russia of
March 80, 1SG7.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope not.
Mr. SUMNER. If it gives rise to. any debate
I will consent that it shall go over.
Mr. CONNESS. With that understanding
I have no objection.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Committee on Foreign Relations pro-
posed to amend the bill by striking out the
first section, after the enacting clause, as
follows:
That the assent of Congress is hereby given to the
stipulations of said treaty.
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee also proposed to strike oat
the enacting clause of the second section-of
the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee further proposed to strike
out the preamble of the bill, in the following
words:
Whereas the President of the United States, on
the 30th of March, 1867, entered into a treaty with
the Emperor of Kussia, by the terms of which it was
stipulated that, in consideration of the cession by the
Emperor of Russia to the United States of certain
territory therein described, theUnited States should
pay to the Emperor of liu;>sia the sum of $7,200,000,
in coin ; and whereas it was further stipulated in
said treaty that the United States shall accept of such
cession, and that certain in habitants of said territory
shall bo admitted to the onjoyment of all the rights
and immunities of citizens of the United States; and
whereas the subjects thus embraced in the stipula-
tions of said treaty are among the subjects which,
by the Constitution of the United States, are sub-
mitted to the power of Congress, and over which
Congress has jurisdiction, and it being, for such rea-
son, necessary that tho consent of Congress should
be given to the said stipulations before the same can
have full force andeffect; having taken into consid-
eration the said treaty, and approving of the stipu-
lations therein, to the end that the same may be
carried into effect: Therefore.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill, as thus amended, reads:
Beit enacted, &c.. That there be, and hereby is, appro-
priated from any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, $7,200,000, in coin, to fullill stipu-
lations contained in tho sixth article of the treaty
with Russia, concludcd at Washington on the 30th
day of March, 1867.
It was ordered that the amendments be en-
grossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced that
the Speaker of the House had signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills; and they were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore of
the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 175) for the relief of Joseph
McGliee Cameron, and Mary Jane Cameron,
minor children ofLaFayetteCameron,deceased;
A bill (S. No. 382) granting an increase of
pension to Obadiah T. Plum ;
A bill (S. No. 422) granting a pension to
Maria Schweitzer and the children of Conrad
Schweitzer, deceased;
A bill (S. No. 618) granting a pension to
the widow and child of John P. Felty }
A bill (S. No. 547) granting a peuion to
John Sheets ;
A bill (S. No. 314) for the relief of 'Jieorge
T. Brien;
A bill (S. No. 383) granting a ^per*on to
John A. Weed and Elizabeth J. Weed, jainor
children of Robert T, Weed, deceased)
A bill (S. No. 517) granting a penfr\in to
the widow and children of Henry Brown j and
A bill (S. No. 521) granting a peni"*.s to
the children of William M. Woo ten, dec*5~*sed.
JOSEPH SEGAIi.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (S No.
575) for the relief of Joseph Segar.
Mr. CONNESS. That will ezcite a asreat
deal of debate. 3
Mr. HOWE. Does the Senator wish K -ia-
bate it? .
Mr. CONNESS. I_do not think itact.s^ct
claim. That is my opinion about it,
Mr. HO WE. If the Senator wishes to dptate
it, I do not think I ought to call it up now.
