THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
which existbetwcentho heads of Department and the
Prcsudi-nt. The legal relations arc well enough de-
fined; Tne Constitution places these officers in the
relation of his advisers when he calls upon them for
advice. The acts ot Congress go farther: take, for
example, the act of 1789, creating the War Depart-
ment. It provides that "there shall be a principal
ofheer therein, to be called the Secretary for the
Department of War, who shall perform and execute
suchduties as shall from time to time be enjoined on
or intrusted to him by the President of the United
States;" " and fiuthermoro, the said principal otiicor
shall conduct the business of the said Department in
such manner as the President of the United States
shall, trom time to time, order and iubtiuct." Pro-
vision lsaL'O made for thcappoiutment of an inferior
othcer by the head of the Department, to be called
the chief clerk, " who, whenever said principal officer
shall be removed fiom ofliee by the President of the
United Slates," shall have the charge and custody of
the book*, records, and papers of the Department.
The legal relation is analogous to that of pimcipal
and agent. It ib the Pi evident upon wliom tho Con-
stitution devolves, as head of the executive depart-
ment, the duty to see that the laws are faithfully exe-
cuted ; but, as hocjnnot execute them in person, ho
is allowed to seleet his agents, and is made respon-
sible lor their acts within j ust limits. So complete is
this presumed delegation of authority in the xelation
of a head of Department to tho Prosideut that the
Supremo Court of the United States have decided
that an order made by a head ot Department is pre-
sumed to be made by the Pi evident himself.
Tho principal upon whom such a responsibility is
pi,iced for the acts of a subordinate ought to be left
us free as possible in the .matter of selection and of
dismissal. To hold him to responsibility for an officer
hejond his control, to leave the question of the fit-
ness ot such an agent to be decided/^?- him and not
by him, to allowsuoh a subordinate, when tho Presi-
dent, moved by "publie considerations of a high
eharactcr,'' requests Ins resignation, to assume lor
himself an equal light to act upon his owu\5ews of
" public consideration1-:," and to make his own con-
elu^ions paramount to those of the President—to
allow all this, ia to reverse the order of administra-
tion, and to place the subordinate above the superior.
There are, however, other relations between the
PrcMdent and a head of Department, beyond these
defined ieguirelatiou*, which necessarily attend them,
though not expiated. Chief an? jug these is mutual
confidence. This relation is so delicate that it is some-
times haul to say when or how it ceases. A single
flatrrant act ma> end it at once, and then there is 110
dillieulty. But confidence may be just as effectually
destioyed by a series of causes too subtle for demon-
stration. As it is a plant of slow growth, so, too, it
may be slow 111 decay. Such has been the process
hero. [ will not pretend to say what acts or omis-
sions have bioken up this iclation. They are hardly
susceptible of statement, and still less of formal
pi oof. Nevertheless no one can read the correspond-
ence of the 5th ot August without being convinced
that llii^ relation wih effectually gone 011 both side?,
and that while the President was unwilling to allow
Mr. Stanton to remain in his Administration, Mr.
Stanton was ecjuallyunwillingto allow the President
to cany 011 Ins Administration without his presence.
In tho great debate which took place in the House
of Representatives in 1789, in the first organization
of the principal Departments, Mr. Madison spoke as
follow*:
"it is evidently tho intention of the Constitution
that the First Magistrate should be responsible for the
executive department. So far, therefoie, as we do
not m.live the othcers who are to aid him in the duties
of that department responsible to him, he is not rc-
spou-iole to the country. Again, is tlieie no danger
tn.it an othcer, when he is appointed by the concur-
rence of the Senate, and has friends in that body,
may choose lather to risk his establishment on the
favor ot that branch than rest it upon the dischaige
ot ins duties to the satisfaction of the executive
branch, which is constitutionally authorized to in-
spect and control his conduct? And it it should
happen that the officers connect themselves with the
Senate, they may mutually support, each other, and
tor want ot efficacy reduce the power of the President
to a mere vapor, 111 which case his responsibility
would be annihilated, and tho expectation of it is
uniu->t. Tho high executive officers, joined in cabal
with the Senate, would lay the foundation ot discord
and end in an assumption of the executive power
on'.\ to be removed by a revolution of the Govern-
DK'Uf."
Mr. Sedgwick in the same debate, referring to the
proposition that a head of Department should only
be jemoved or suspended by the concurrence of the
Senate, uses this language:
" Rut if proof be necessary, what is, then, the con-
sequence? Why, in nine case? out of ton, where the
ca^e is very clear to the mind of the President that
the man ought to'be removed, the effect cannot be
piodu'-ed, because itis absolutely impossible to pro-
duce the necessary evidence. Are the Senate to
pioeoed without evidence? Some gentlemeu con-
tend not. Then the object will be lost. Shall a man,
un«ler these circumstances, be saddled upon the Pres-
. w ho ha«5 been appointed tor no other purpose
bur to aid the Pronlent in performing certain duties ?
Shall he be continued, I ask again, against the will
ot the Pi evident'/ It ho is, wheie is the responsi-
bility'? Aroouto look for it in the President, who
has no control over the officer, no power to remove
lii 111 it he acts unfoelhrzly or unfaithtully? Without
3011 make him responsible, you weaken and destroy
the >uonglh and beauty ot your system. \V hot is to
be done in ca.-es which can only bo known from a
long acquaintance with the conduct of an officer?"
X had indulged the hope that, upon the assembling
of' CongrofS, Mr. Stanton would have ended this
unpleasant complication, according to the intimation
given in his note of August 12. Tho duty which I
have felt myself called upon to perform was by no
means agreeable, but Ifoel that I am not responsible
for the controversy or for the consequences.
Unpleasant as this necessary change in my Cabinet
has been to mo upon personal considerations, 1 have
the consolation to bo assured that, so far as thepublic
interests are involved, there is no cause for regret.
Salutary reforms have been introduced by the Sec-
retary ad interim, and great reductions of expenses
have been effected under his administration of the
War Department, to the saving of millions to the
Treasury. ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, December 12, 1867.
Before the reading was completed—
Mr. SHERMAN, if the Manager will pause
now, I desire to submit a motion to adjourn,
that the Senate may transact some business of
a legislative character.
Mr. StlMNEli. I will suggest to my friend
that the reading of this document was called
for, and it has not yet been finished.
Mr. J OHNSON. "We can consider it as read
through.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand that the
counsel are willing to waive the further reading.
Mr. STANBEUY. As far as wo are con-
cerned, we will dispense with its further read-
ing if it is to be considered in evidence.
Mr. Manager WILSON. Then i will simply
read the certificate.
Mr. STANBEUY. That is unnecessary.
We agree to it.
Mr. S1IEHMAN. I move that the Senate
sitting as a court of impeachment adjourn
until to-morrow at the usual hour.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 would suggest ten o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. The hour is fixed by the
rule.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The hour of meet-
ing is fixed by the rule, and the motion of the
Senator from Massachusetts is not in order.
The Senator from Ohio moves to adjourn until
to-morrow at half past twelve o'clock.
Several Senators. No5 twelve o'clock;
the rule fixes twelve.
The CHIEF J USTICE. The Senator from
Ohio moves ail adjournment until to-morrow at
twelve o'clock.
The question being put, the motion was
agreed to; and the Chief Justice declared tho
Senate sitting as a court of impeachment ad-
journed until to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
Tuesday, March 01, 1803.
At five minutes past twelve o'clockp. m. the
Chief Justice of the United States entered the
Senate Chamber and took the chair.
'f he CHIEF JUSTICE. The Sergeant-at-
Arms will open the court by proclamation.
Tno SERGi;AVr-AT-A]UiK. Hear ye, hear ye,
hear ye: ati persons are commanded to keep
silence while the Senate of the United States
is sitting for the trial of the articles of impeach-
ment exhibited by the House of Representa-
tives against Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
notify the House of Representatives.
The President's counsel, Messrs. Stanbery,
Curtis, Evarts, Nelson, and Groesbeck, en-
tered the Chamber and took the seats assigned
to them.
At twelve o'clock and seven minutes p. m.
the Sergeant-at-Arms announced the presence
of the Managers of the Impeachment 021 the
part of the House of Representatives, and they
were conducted to the seats assigned to them.
Immediately afterward the proence of the
members of the House of Representatives was
announced, and the members of the Commit-
tee of the Whole House, headed by Mr. Ii. li.
Washhujixe, of Illinois, the chairman of that
committee, and accompanied by the Speaker
and Clerk of the House of Representatives,
entered the Senate Chamber and took the seats
prepared for them.
The CHIEF .JUSTICE. Gentlemen Man-
agers on the part of the House of Representa-
tive^, you will proceed wiili your evidence in
support of the articles of impeachment. Sen-
ators will please to give their attention.
Mr. Manager,WILSON. Mr. President
Senators, in continuation of. the documentary
evidence, I now offer the resolution passed by
the Senate in executive session in response to
the message of the President notifying the
Senate of'the suspension of Bon. Edwin M.
Stanton as Secretary of "War, as follows:
In Executive Session,
Senate of the Unitbjd States,
January 13,1868.
Resolved, That having considered the evidence and
reasons given by tho President in his report of th$
12th of December, 1867. for the suspension from the
office of Secretary of War of Edwin M'. Stanton, the
Senate do not concur in such suspension.
And following order :
I?rexecutrve Session,
Senate of the United States,
January 13,1868.
Ordered, That the Secretary forthwith communi-
cate an official and authenticated copy of the resolu-
tion of the Senate non-concurring in ths suspension
of Edwin M. Stanton as Secretary of War, this day
adopted, to the President of tho United States, to the
paid Edwin M. Stanton, and also to the said U. S.
Grant, the Secretary of War ad interim.
And certified as follows :
X, John W. Forney, Secretary of the Senate of the
United States, do hereby certify that the foregoing
arc true extracts from the Journal of the Senate.
These extracts are made and certified under the
authority of the act approved 8th August, 1846, en-
titled "An act making copies of papers certified by
tho Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk of the
House of Representatives legal evidence."
r T e -1 Given under my hand, at Washington, this
1 L- s- 1 lltli day of March, 1868.
J. TV. FORNEY,
Secretary of the Senate.
I next produce and offer as evidence the fol-
lowing extract from the Journal of the Senate:
In Executive Session,
Senate of tub United States.
February 21,1868,
Tho following' message was received from the Pres-
dent of the United States, by Mr. Moore, his Secre-
tary :
Washington, D. 0., February 21,1868.
To the Senate of the United States:
On the 12th day of August, 1807, by virtue of the
power and authority vested in the President by tho
Constitution and laws of tho United States, I sus-
pended Edwin M. Stanton from the office of Secre-
tary of War. In further excrcisoof tho power and
authority so vested in the President 1 have this day
removed Mr. Stanton from the office and designated
the Adjutant General of the Arm> as Secretary of
War ad interim.
Copies of the communications upon this subject,
addressed to Mr. Stanton and the Adjutant General,
are herewith transmitted for the information of the
Senate. ANDREW JOHNSON,
The copies attached are as follows:
Executive Mansion,
Washington, D. 0., February 21, 1868,
Snt: By virtue of the power and authority vested
in mo, as Pre.-ident by the Constitution and laws of
the United States, you are hereby removed from
otftce as Secretary for the Department of War, and
your functions as such will terminate upon the re-
ceipt of this communication.
You will transfer to Brevet Major General Lorenzo
Thomas, Adjutant General of the Army, who has this
day been authorized and empowered to act as Secre-
tary of War ad interim, all records, books, papers,
ami other propeity now in your custody and charge.
Respectfully yours, ANDREW JOHNSON.
To Ron. Edwin' M. Stanton', Washington, D. C.
Executive Mansion.
Washington, D. C., February21,1868.
Sir: lion. Edwin M. Stanton having been this day
removed from ofiicc as Secretary for the Depart-
ment ot War, you are hereby authorized and em-
powered to act as Secretary of War ad interim, and
will immediately enter upon the discharge of tho
duties pertaining to that office.
Mr. Stanton lias been instructed to transfer to you
all the record?, books, papers, and other public prop-
erty now in his custody and charge.
Respeefully yours, ANDREW JOHNSON.
To Brevet Major General Lorenzo Thomas, Adju-
tant 6'aiera? United States Army, Washington, D. C.
To these papers is appended this certificate:
I, .John W. Forney, Secretary of the Senate of the
United States, do hereby ccitify that the foregoing
is an extract from the Journal offhc Senate.
This extract is made and certified under the au-
thority of the act approved 8th August 1846, entitled
"An act making copies of paper© certified by tho
Se<*ietaiy of the Senato and the Clerk of the House
of Representatives legal evidence/'
r _ _ i Given under inyhand, at Washington, this
1 L* s'J 11th day of March, 183S.
J. W. FORNEY,
Sccrctary of the Senate.
I now offer an extract from the Journal of the
Seriate showing the action taken by the Senate
ou the message notifying that body of the re-
