54
SUPPLEMENT TO
moval of the Secretary of War and theappoint-
ment of a Secretary of War ad interim:
In Executive Session,
Senate op the United States,
February 21, 1868.
Whereas the Senate have received and considered
the communication of the President stating that he
had removed Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of War,
and had designated the Adjutant General of the
Army to act as Secretary of War ad interim: There-
fore,
liesolmd by the Senate of the United States? That
under the Constitution and laws of the United States
the President has no power to remove the Secretary
of War and to designate any other officer to perform
the dulies of that office ad interim.
In Executive Session,
Senate of the United States.
February 21,1868.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate is hereby
directed to communicate copies of the toregoing res-
olution to the President of tho United States, to tho
Secretary of War. and to tho Adjutant General of
tho Army of the United States.
To these papers this certificate is attached :
I, John W. Forney, Secretary of the Senate of the
United States, do hereby certify tliat the foregoing
are true extracts from the Journal of the Senate.
These extracts are made and certified under the au-
thority of the act approved 8th August. 1816, entitled
'An act making copies of papers certified by the Sec-
retary of the Senate and the Clerk of the House of
Representatives legal evidence."
r. „ -i Given under toy hand at Washington, this
L s"J 11th dayof March, 1868.
J. W. FORNEY,
Secretary of the Senate,
I now offer an authenticated copy of the
commission of Edwin M. Stanton as Secretary
of War, and will here state that this is the only
commission under which we claim that he has
acted as Secretary of War:
Abraham Lincoln,
President of the United States of America:
To allwho shall see these presents, greeting :
Know ye, that reposingspecialtrustandeonfidenco
in the patriotism, integrity, and abilities of Edwin
M. Stanton. 1 have nominated, and by and with
tho advice and consent of the Senate do appoint, him
to be Secretary ot War of tho United States, and do
authorize and empoworhim to execute and fulfill the
duties of that office according to law, and to hold the
said office with all the powers, privileges, and emolu-
ments to the same of right appertaining, unto him,
the said Edwin M. Stanton, during tho pleasure of
the President of the United States for the time being.
In testimony whereof I havo caused these letters
to be mado patent and the soal of the United States
to be hereunto affixed.
Given nnder my hand, at the city of Washington,
tho 15th day of January, in the year of our
[n. s.] Lord 1862, and of the independence of the
United States of America the eightv-sixth.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
By tho President:
WILLIAM It. SEWARI),
Secretary of State,
United Static of America,
Department of State.
To all to whom these presents shall come, greeting :
I certify that tho document hereunto annexed is a
truo copy from the records oft his Department.
In testimony whereof I, William H. Seward, Secre-
tary of State of tho United States, have hereunto
subscribed my name and caused the seal of the De-
partment of Stato to bo afhxed.
Done at tho city of Washington this 21st day of
March, A. D. 1868, and of the independence of
[l.. s.J the United States of America the ninety-
second. WILLIAM II. SEWARD.
Mr. ManagerBUTLEIl. Mr. President, will
the Senate allow me to call in a witness,
William J. McDonald, of Washington. Mr.
>Sergeant-at-Arms, is he in attendance? I do
not know but that the Managers will have to
ask that the witnesses be allowed to come on
the floor ofthe Senate, because there will other-
wise be some delay in calling them. I believe
the Sergoant-at-Arms has given them a room.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Unless the Senate
otherwise orders, the witnesses will remain in
their room until they are called.
Sir. Manager BUTLER. I only spoke of
the delay.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Mr. McDonald is
present. Tho witnesses will stand on the left
(if the Chair when examined.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I move that this
witness be sworn.
The Secretary of the Senate administered
the following oath to Mr. McDonald, and to
each ofthe other witnesses as sworn :
" You do swear that the evidence you shall give in
the caso now depending between the United States
and Andrew Johnson shall he the truth, tho whole
truth, and nothing but the truth: so help you God."
William J. McDonald, being sworn, was
examined as follows:
By Mr. Manager Butler :
Question. State your name and office ?
Answer. William J. McDonald, Chief Clerk
of the Senate.
Question. Will you look at that paper [ex-
hibiting a paper] and read the certificate that
appears to be signed by your name?
Answer. It is as follows :
Office Secretary Senate United States,
Washington, February 27, 1868.
An attested copy of the foregoing resolution was
left by me at the officeof the President of the United
States in the Executive Mansion, he not being pres-
ent, about nine o'clock p. m. on the 13th of Jan-
uary, 1868. _ W. J. McDONALD,
Chief Clerk Senate United States.
Question. Is that certificate a correct one of
the acts done?
Answer. That is a correct certificate of the
acts done.
Question. And the paper was left in accord-
ance as that certificate states?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I have nothing
further to ask the witness.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Are there any ques-
tions to be put on the part of the accused?
_ Mr. STANBERY and Mr. CURTIS. No,
sir.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. _ I ask Mr. Mc-
Donald to take the stand again.
Question. Will you read that certificate?
[handing a paper to the witness.]
Answer. It is—
Office Secretary Senate United States,
Washington, February 27,1868.
An attested copy of tho foregoing resolution was
delivered bv mo into tho hands of the President of
t jio United States at his office in the Executive Man-
sion about ten o'clock p. m. on the 21 st of February,
1868. _ W. J. McDONALD,
Chief Clerk Senate United States.
Question. Do you make the same statement
as regards this service?
Anstcer. Yes, sir; the same statement in
regard to that.
Air. Manager BUTLER. We have nothing
further to ask.
Mr. STANBERY. Nothing on our part.
Mr. Manager AVILSON. The resolution to
which the first certificate of Mr. McDonald
refers is:
In Executive Session,
Senate ov the United States,
January 13,1868.
Resolved, That,having considered the evidence and
reasons given by tho President in his report of the
12th of Dccembcr, 1868, for tho suspension from tho
office of Secretary of War of Edwin M. Stanton, the
Senate do not concur in such suspension.
Attested: J. W. FORNEY, Secretary.
The resolution as to the service of which
the oilier certificate relates:
In Executive Session,
Senate of the United States,
February 21, 1868.
Whereas the Senate havo received and consid-
ered the communication of tho President stating that
ho has removed Edwin M.Stanton, Secretary ot War,
and designated the Adjutant General of tho Array
to act as Secretary of War ad interim : Therefore,
Hesolved by the Senate of the United States, That,
under tho Constitution and laws uf tho United States,
tho President has no power to remove tho Secretary
of War and designate any other officer to perform
the duties of that office ad interim.
Attest: J, W. FORNEY, Secretary,
Mr. Manager BUTLER. We now call J. W.
Jones as a witness.
J. W. Jones sworn and examined.
By Mr. Manager Butler :
Question. Please state your name and posi-
tion ?
_ Answer. J. W. Jones, keeper of the sta-
tionery.
Question. An officer of the Senate ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Do you know Major General
Lorenzo Thomas, of the United States Army,
Adjutant General?
Answer. I do, sir.
Question, flow long have you known him ?
Answer. I have known him about six or
seven years.
Question. Were you employed by the Sec-
retary of the Senate to serve a notice of the
proceedings of the Senate upon him ?
Answer. I was.
. Question. Looking at that memorandum,
[handing a paper to the witness] what day did
you attempt to make the service ?
Answer. The 21st of February.
Question. What year?
Answer. The present year.
Question. Where did you find liim ?
Ansreer. I found him at Marini's Hall, at
a masquerade ball.
Question. Was he masked ?
Answer? He was.
Question. How did you know it was him ?
Answer. I saw his shoulder-straps, and I
asked him to unmask.
Question. Did he so do?
Answer. He did, sir.
Question. After ascertaining it was him,
what did you do ?
Answer. I handed him the resolution of the
Senate.
Question. About what time of the day or
night ?
Answer. About eleven o'clock at night.
Question. Did you make the service then ?
Answer. I did.
Question. Have you certified the fact on that
paper?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Is that certificate true?
Answer. It is.
Question. Will you read it?
Answer. Attached to this copy of the reso-
lution is my certificate, in these words:
An attested copy of the foregoing resolution was
placed in my hands by the Secretary of the Senate
to be delivered to Brevet Major General Lorenzo
Thomas, Adjutant General of the United States
Army, and the same was by me delivered into the
hands of General Thomas about the hour of eleven
o'clock p. in. on the 21st day of February.
J. W. JONES.
Question. Ts that certificate true ?
Answer. It is, sir.
No cross-examination.
Mr. Manager WILSON. The document thus
served is as follows:
In Executive Session,
Senate of the United States,
February 21,1868.
Whereas the Senate have received and considered
the communication of the President stating that he
had removed Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of War,
and designated tho Adjutant General of the Army to
act as Secretary of War ad interim .' Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate of the United States. That,
under the Constitution and laws of the United States
the President has no power to remove the Secretary
of War and designate any other officer to perform tho
duties of that office ad interim.
Attest: J. W. FORNEY, Secretary.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I desire to call
C. E. Creecy, ofthe Treasury Department.
Charles E. Creecy sworn and examined.
By Mr. Manager Bctler :
Question. What is your full name, and what
is your official position, if any?
Answer. Charles Eaton Creecy; I am clerk
in charge of the appointments in the Treasury
Department.
Question. Will you look at the bundle of
papers you have brought, in obedience to our
subpoena, and give me the form of commission
which was used in the Treasury Department
before the passage of the act of March 2, 1807?
Answer. This is it; [producing a paper.]
Question. You produce this as such form?
Answer. Yes, sir; I do.
Question. Was that the ordinary form, or
one used without exception ?
Answer. It was the ordinary form for the
permanent commission.
^ Mr. JOHNSON, and Mr. PATTERSON of
Tennessee. • We cannot hear one word.
Mr. HOWARD. The witness must speak
louder.
Mr. JOHNSON. If his answer were re-
peated by the counsel it would be better.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. If it will not be
considered improper, Mr. President, I will
repeat the answer.
