4169
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1%
Mr. CONNESS. I should not like to see it
passed in a Senate of this size, and I hope it
will not be considered now.
Mr. HOWE. If any Senator means to de-
bate it, I do not think it right to call it up now ;
but if no Senator says that he wishes to debate
it, I insist on my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 575) for the relief of Joseph Segar was
read the second time. It provides for paying
to Joseph Segar the sum of $25,000, in full
satisfaction of his claim, of whatever character,
for use and occupation by the United States
military forces of his farm in Virginia, near
Fortress Monroe, from May 24, 1861, to Jan-
uary 1,1867, and also for timber cut on the farm
and used by the military forces, and also for
balance due himforquartermasterand subsist-
ence supplies.
Mr. KERRY. I do not wish to sco that bill
pass without a division. I did not know what
it was when I heard it called up first. I know
something about these matters.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the bill will be post-
poned.
Mr. HOWE. Very well; I move that the
bill be postponed until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
JOUN A. NECSTAEDTER.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
take up the bill I reported this morning from
the Committee on Claims for the relief of John
A. Neustaedter, a captain who served in the
artillery service with General Fremont, in Mis-
souri, and received his pay up to March, 18G2,
but did not for some subsequent months.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. No. 1081) for the relief of John A. Neu-
staedter was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It is a direction to the Paymaster
General of the Army to pay to John A. Neu-
staedter, late a captain of artillery, out of any
money appropriated, or that may hereafter be
appropriated for the pay of the Army, the full
pay and emoluments of a captain of artillery
in the Army of the United States from March
25, 1862, to August 28,1802. There is a pro-
viso that this act shall not be deemed a prece-
dent for the payment of other officers holding
appointment under General John C. FrGraont.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 will sim-
ply say that this bill provides for the pay of a
captain from March until August, 1802, when
the man served as such, and was then mustered
out. It ia the only ease I believe.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to know
what is tho effect of the proviso.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It was in-
serted, I believe, at the instance of a member
of the House of Representatives. I do not
think it amounts to anything at all. It is mere
slobber.
Mr. POMEROY. We had better strike it
out.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No; that
will defeat the bill. It is a very small claim.
Mr. POMEROY. The idea of onr saying
that one act shall not operate as a precedent
for another is folly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Tt is certainly
mere slobber. [Laughter.] It does not amount
to anything.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
AKSUNALS AT ST. LOUIS, ETC., MISSOURI.
Mr. DRAKE. I move to take up for con-
sideration the bill (IT. R. No. 451) providing
for the sale of the arsenal grounds at St. Louis
and Liberty, Missouri, and for other purposes.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia reported various amendments to the
bill. The first amendment was in line eight
of section one, to strike out "first;" after
"Missouri," in line nine, to insert "except
the westernmost six acres thereofand to
strike out all after line fourteen, as follows :
Second. That portion of the military reservation
known as Port Leavenworth, whioh lies on the east
side of the Missouri river, togetherwith that portion
of said reservation situated on tho west side of the
Missouri river, which lies between the city limits of
Leavenworth City and a line commencing, on the
Missouri river at tho mouth of Corral ravine, and
running parallel with the south line of said reserva-
tion to its western boundary.
So as to make the section read:
That tho Secretary of War be, and is hereby,
authorized to sell, at such time and in such manner
as he may deem most advantageous to the interests
of the Government, subject to tho provisions herein-
after contained, tho following military reservations
and public property, namely:
Tho ground now occupied by the St, Louis arsenal,
in tho city of St. Louis, Missouri, oxceptthewestern-
most six acres thereof, and that occupied by the
United States arsenal situated at Liberty, Missouri,
together with such buildings, machinery, and other
property appertaining thereto as eannot bo advan-
tageously employed in tho construction or improve-
ment of other arsenals or military posts.
Mr. POMEROY. Why strike out the pro-
vision iti relation to the Fort Leavenworth
reservation? Why not sell it?
Mr. DRAKE. The reason is that there is
another bill in regard to the reservation at
Leavenworth.
Mr. WILSON. There is a separate bill on
that subject-
Mr. POMEROY. I did not know anything
about the other bill; I thought it a good, time
to sell it.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
after the word " arsenal," in line two, to insert
" except the west.ernmostsixacres thereof;" so
as to make the section read:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That tho ground
occupied by the St. Louis arsennl, except the west-
ernmost six acres thereof, shall be divided into
blocks and lots of convenient eizo for building pur-
poses, with public streots, conforming, us near us
may bo withoutdetriment to tho interest of tho Gov-
ernment in the sale, to tho public streets of tho city
of St. Louis adjoining said grounds; a plat of this
division, mado in accordanco with the laws of the
State of Missouri, shall bo filed with tho proper
ofliccr in tho eity of St. Louis; and t'ho said lots
shall bo sold separately, at publio auction, to tho
highest bidder, after thirty days' notieo by adver-
tisement in at least three daily papers in the city of
St. Louis: payment to bo mado one third in cash,
tho remainder m one and two years, with six per
cent, interest per annum, secured by deed of trust on
the lots sold. The stone wall surrounding said ar-
senal shall bo sold in sections not exceeding ono
hundred feet in length.
The amendment was agreed to.
'The next amendment was to insert, as sec-
tion three:
Sec. 3. And he it further enacted, That the west-
ernmost six acres of tho tract of ground occupied
by the said St. Louis arsenal, is hereby granted to
the city of St. Louis, to bo by it hold as a publio
ground forever, open to the use of the public as a
place of public resort, and for no other uso what-
ever, and without any power in said city to mako
any disposition of tho same, or any part thereof, for
any private use whatevor: Provided, however, That
this grant is upon the express condition that the said
city or the association tormed and now existing in
the State of Missouri for tho purposo of erecting a
monument to tho memory of tho late Brigadicr
Geneial Nathaniel Lyon, shall, within three years
after the passage of this act, completo tho erection
upon the said six acres of such a monument, upon
a plan and of a charactcr to bo approved by tho
Pi evident of the United States; in default whereof
this grant shall be null and void.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines two and
three of section [three] four, to strike out the
words " and that part of the Fort Leavenworth
reservation specified in section firstand in
lines nine, ten, eleven, and twelve to strike out
the following proviso:
Provided, That no part of Fort Leavenworth res-
ervation west of tho Missouri river shall be sold in
lots exceeding ten acres each, but shall be sold in
lots of half an acre, separately if desired by pur-
chasers.
So as to make it read :
Sec. [3] 4. And be it further enacted, That the
grounds occupied by the Liberty arsenal shall bo
sold at public auction, after due liotico by publio
advertisement of tho time and place of said sale, in
such parcels, blocks, and lots as may be deemed mott
advantageous to the interest of the Government, by
tho Secretary of War, upon the tcrmsand conditions
as to payment specified in the previous section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
MISSISSIPPI RIVER IMPROVEMENT.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to take up House
bill No. 485.
Mr. CONNESS. I nope we shall go on
with the regular order.
Mr. CHANDLER. I submit the motion to
take up House bill No. 485.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask the chairman of tb«
Committee on Appropriations whether he ia
prepared to go on with the deficiency appro-
priation bill or not?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly; anx-
ious to go on. I call for the regular order.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations to give me
until eight o'clock in order to_ enable us to
pass a few bills from the Committee on Com-
mere©.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If nobody else
objects, I shall not.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move-to take up House
bill No. 485. .
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 485) to aid the improvement of theDes
Moines and Rock Island rapids in the Missis-
sippi river was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. The bill provides that whenever,
in the prosecution of the improvements of the
Mississippi river at either the Des Moines or
Bock Island rapids therein, it becomes neces-
sary or proper to take possession of the right
of way over any lands, or to use any earth,
quarries, or other material lying adjacent or
near to either of the works, and needful for its
prosecution, tho officer in charge of the work,
or his assistant, may, in the name of the United
States, take possession of and use the same,
after having first paid, or secured to be paid,
the value thereof, which may have been ascer-
tained in the mode provided by the laws of the
State wherein such property or material lie,
for adjudging the value of private property
which may be needed for any public improve-
ment. When the owner of such property or
material shall fix a price for the same which,
iu the opinion of the officer in charge, shall be
reasonable, he may take the same at such price
without further delay. A portion of the appro-
priations made or to be made for the pros-
ecution of the improvements, not exceeding
$50,000 in amount, may be applied in payment
of the property or material thus taken and
used.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
HAWAIIAN BRIG VICTORIA.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
procecd to the consideration of House resolu-
tion No. 331.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 331) to grant an Amer-
ican register to the Hawaiian brig Victoria
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It is a direction to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to issue an American register to the dere-
lict Hawaiian brig Victoria, now owned by a
citizen of San Francisco, California.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
TONNAGE FEES AT CANADIAN PORTS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
joint resolution No. 338.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (II. R. No. 338) exonerating certain
vessels of the United States from the payment
of tonnage fees to consular agents in Canada
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that hereafter no consul or con-
sular agent of the United States shall exact
tonnage fees from any vessel of the United
States touching at or near ports in Canada, on
her regular voyage from one port to another
within the United States, unless the consul or
oonsular agent shall perform some official ser-
