1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4161
vices, required by law, for such vessel when
she shall thus touch at a Canadian port.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
z. m. tfall.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move now to take up
House joint resolution No. 341.
The motion was agreed to ; and the joint
resolution (H. 11. No. 341) for the relief of
Z. M. Hall was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It proposes to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury in his discretion to
refund to Z. M. Hall, of Chicago, the sum of
$104 10, being the tonnage tax paid on the
schoonerS. B. Pomeroy in error by the master
of the schooner, at the port of Bay City, on the
21st of April, 1868, the tax having been paid
by Hall at Chicago on the 16th April, 1868.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
property of married w01ikn.
Mr. HAIILAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
177.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It must be with
the understanding that it shall not occupy time.
Mr. HAIILAN. Very well.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 177) regulating the rights of property of
married women in the District of Columbia
was considered as in Committee of the Whole,
the question pending being on the amendment
reported by the Committee on the Judiciary, to
strike out all of the bill after the enacting
clause and insert:
Tiuit in the District of Columbia the right of any
married woman to any propeity, personal or real,
belonging to her at the time of marriage or acquired
during marriage in any other way than by eift or
convcyance from her husband to the prejudice of his
creditors, shall be as absolute as ii she were feme
sole, and shall not be subject to the disposal of her
liusbaud, norbelni'oleforhisdehts; but such married
■woman may convey, devise, and bequeath the same,
or any interest therein, in the same manner and with
like effect as if she were unmarried.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That any married
woman may contract, and sue and be sued in hei
own name, in all matters having relation to her sole
and separate property in the same manner as if ^he
were unmarried; but neither her husband nor his
property shall be bound by any such contract nor
liable for any recovery against her in any such suit,
but judgment may be eniorecd by execution against
her sole and sepaiale estate in the ^ame manner as
if she were sole.
Mr. MORTON". I do not think there is any
such law as that in any State of this Union ;
nor do I think it good policy to authorize a
married woman to sell her property without
the consent of her husband, although it may
he hers absolutely. I think it bad policy, pub-
lic and domestic, to authorize a married woman
to sell her property without the consent of her
husband. He cannot sell his property so as
to affect her right to dower or her right in lee,
as the law may be, and if he undertakes to do
it her rights remain, and on his death thoy
are in full force. In order to sell hi? property
in which she has a right at his death she must
join in the conveyance, and so when she has
property in her own right, in which he has an
interest to some extent or of some kind after
her death, he ought to be required to be a party
to the deed. But aside from that, the character
of the marriage relation and the proper protec-
tion of the wife, in my judgment, require that
she should not have a right to dispose of her
real estate absolutely. I do not believe there
is any State in the Union that grants a rieht
of that kind.
Mr. HOUR-ILL, of Maine. I must inter-
pose and eal 1 for the regular order.
Mr. HARLAN". ^ If the vote cannot be taken
immediately on this bill, of course I shall not
urge its further consideration at this time. 1
rely on the judgment of the Senate, and am
willing to take the vote. I do not wish to
reply to the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
from Kentucky desires to make some observa-
tions on the bill.
40tu Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 261.
Mr. HARLAN. Then, of course, I consent
that it go over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The further
consideration of the bill will be postponed
until to-morrow.
military peace establishment.
Mr. WILSON. I should be obliged to the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
if he would allow me to call up the bill to
reduce the military peace establishment of the
United States. I do not ask for its considera-
tion to-night, but simply that it may be read.
Mr. MORRTLL, of Maine. Yery well.
Mr. "WILSON. I move to take up the bill
(S. No. 617) to reduce the military peace
establishment of the United States.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill having been read,
Mr. WILSON. I move thSt the farther con-
sideration of the bill bo postponed until to-
morrow at four o'clock, and be made the spe-
cial order for that hour. I name that time
because we stand committed to act upon
another bill, and I wish to give an opportunity
to allow it to be disposed of.
The motion was agreed to.
deficiency appropriation bill.
The Senate, is in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1341) making appropriations and to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 18G8, and for other purposes,
the pending question being on the amendment
of Mr. Howe to the amendment proposed by
Mr. Chandler from the Committee 011 Com-
merce.
The amendment of Mr. Chandler was to
insert after line two hundred and seven:
For tile repair, preservation, :md completion of
certain public works on rivers and harbors, to bo
expended under the direction of the Secretary of
War, $1,000,000.
Mr. Howe's amendment was to add "five
hundred thousand" after "million."
Mr. CON NESS. I simply wish to say that
if we are going to appropriate in this way I
think the smaller sum is the best sum. I hope
we shall not make the increased appropriation
proposed.
Mr. HOWE. I am sorry the Senator from
California feels it his duty to object to this
amendment. I believe it will be satisfactory
to both committees, or at least to the chairmen
of both committees.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is entirely satisfac-
tory to the Committee 011 Commerce.
Mr. HOWE. I do not think it will be ob-
jected to by the Committee 011 Appropriations.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I understood the Senator
from Wisconsin to argue this afternoon that it
was exceedingly dangerous to invest any officer
with the discretionary power to expend such a
large amount of money as this amendment
proposes to appropriate in the improvement
of rivers and harbors. I may be mistaken : it
was perhaps the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Hab-
lan] who made the argument: but 1 think the
argument was one that is entitled to consider-
ation. I suppose this to be a mere temporary
expedient, an arrangement that has been pro-
posed by the Committee 011 Commerce to enable
the Secietary of War to repair, preserve, and
if possible to complete certain public woiks :
but il is not intended as an appropriation in the
ordinary sense of a river and harbor bill: and if
the chairman of the Committee on Commerce
intends, as he has already signified, to bring for-
ward the river and harbor bill at an early day
in the next session of Congress, it seems to me
that for mere temporary purposes, departing
from the ordinary precedents in appropria-
tions of this kind, it is enough to give to the
Secretary of War ^1.000,(100 to use between
this time and the beginning of the next session
of Congress : and for that reason I should be
unwilling to agree to this amendment.
I appreciate what has been said by the chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce that the
session is about to expire and that there is
hardly sufficient time to proceed and consider
in detail the river and harbor bill. I have
looked over that bill, and although I of coarse
do not possess as much information upon the
subject as some other members, it seems to
me that there are many objectionable features
in that bill; and I should be willing to vote for
the amendment proposed by the committee
under all the circumstances, for that sum of
money is perhaps necessary for this purpose ;
but if we appropriate $1,500,000, we might as
well appropriate $5,000,000 and be done with
it, and not trouble ourselves at the npxt ses-
sion of Congress with the river and harbor bill.
Mr. HOWE. It does seem to me that
$1,500,000 is a great deal further from
§-5,000,000 than it is from $1,000,000. Add-
ing $-500,000 to the sum proposed here is not
so very fatal a thing as the adding of $4,000,000
would be. This only proposes an increase of
$500,000 on the sum. When I proposed that
it seemed to me that we had about half the
year to work in, and I understood that the
estimates of the engineer department amounted
to between four and five million dollars; and
concedir.gthat half the year was gone, I thought
that $2,000,000 would be about a fair sum to
appropriate to carry them through this year.
Supposing that we could save something or
omit something from his estimates, and desir-
ous to come as near the proposition of the
Committee on Commerce as I could, I pro-
posed $1,500,000. I am sorry to see this ob-
jection spring up in different quarters. I have
not urged the argument attributed to me by
the Senator from Oregon. I should prefer, as
I said, that specific appropriations should be
made to specific works ; but for that there
does not seem to be time, and I thought the
Secretary could work nearer to his plans
with $1,500,000 than he could with $1,000,000 ;
and it does not seem to me so fatal a thing as
that it needs to call up opposition, especially
if that opposition is not urged by either of the
committees interested in the bill.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I understand
that the appropriation in the bill that came
from the House of Representatives is between
six and seven millions. Now, to cut it down
to $1,500,000 is a very great reduction. Ihave
also been informed that that sum is necessary
for the proper progress and securing of the
works, and I have further understood that
$1,500,000 may be satisfactory to the body
that passed between six and seven millions,
and therefore I think, as it meets the approba-
tion of both committees, that we had better
adopt it.
Mr. COLE. I was very much in hopes that
the river and harbor appropriation bill, and
everything looking in that direction, would go
over for this session, and I am now of the
opinion that no more should be appropriated
than is absolutely necessary to prevent loss on
the part of the Government from the destruc-
tion of works partially completed. Now. sir,
that I am on the floor, I desire to make a
single remark touching a subject referred to
to-day by the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fes-
sexden.J
During his remarks he alluded to improve-
ments in the extreme West. 1 presume the
Senator is not aware of the fact that no appro-
priations have been made for many years for
any improvements for rivers and harbors 011 the
Pacific coast. I have no recollection of more
than a single appropriation for that purpose,
made fifteen or sixteen years ago, to improve
the harbor of San Diego. There is great
necessity for works of that nature 011 the
Pacific coast; but we are willing that they
shall go by for this year, and we were hopeful
that all other sections of the Union might look
upon our present condition in the same light.
It seems to me that if §1,000,000 are appropri-
ated it will be ample to preserve works from
injury during this coming year, and I hope
no more than that will be appropriated at this
time. 1 think the $500,000 called for now 111
addition to that ought not to be granted.
The amendment to the amendment was
