THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The witness will
speak for himself.
Mr. EVARTS. We prefer that the witness
should speak bo as to be heard.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I have no desire
to undertake the labor.
The CHIEF JUSTICE, (to the witness.)
Mr. Creeey, you will raise your voice and speak
as loud as possible.
The Witness. Yes, sir.
Mr. Manager BUTLER, (to the witness.)
What is your answer, then ? loud enough to be
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it would help us
all to hear if the witness would stand further
from the counsel. If lie would stand on the
other side of the Secretary's desk he would
have to speak louder, and all could hear.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Thatwould be bet
tor. Mr. Creecy, you will go to the opposite side
of the Secretary's desk.
The witness changed his position to the other
side, of the desk, and subsequent witnesses
weie examined, standing at the Secretary's
desk, to the right of the presiding officer.
Mr. Manager BUTLER, (to the witness.)
What is the answer to the question wliethcrthis
is the ordinary form of commission used before
March 2, 18G7 ?
A nswer. That is the ordinary form.
Question. For the class of appointments for
which such commissions would be issued was
there any other form used before that time?
Answer. I think that is the form for the
permanent commission.
Question. Will you now give me the form
which has been used since in the Treasury
Department?
[The witness produced a paper and handed
it to Mr. Manager Butler.]
Mr. STANBERY. Will the honorable
Manager allow me to ask what is the object of
this testimony?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. The object of this
testimony is to show that prior to the passage
of the act of March 2, 1867, known as the
eii'il tenure-of-office bill, a certain form of
commission had been used in the practice of
the Government, and issued by the President
of the United States ; that after the passage of
the civil tenure-of-office bill a new form was
made conforming to the provisions of the ten-
ure-ofollice act, showing that the President
acted in the Treasury Department under the
tenure-of-office act as an actual and valid law.
Is there any objection ?
Mr. STANBERY. No, sir.
Mr. Manager BUTLER, (to the witness.)
I return the first paper you handed me. I
see there are certain interlineations; did you
speak of the form before it was interlined, or
subsequently, or both?
Answer. This is the commission. The alter-
ations in this commission show the changes
that have been made to conform to the tenure-
of-office bill.
Question. There is a portion of that paper
in print and a portion in writing. Do I un-
derstand you that the printed portion was the
form used before?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. And the written portion shows the
changes?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Will you read with a loud voice
so as to be heard the printed -portion of the
commission, the original commission, the whole
commission?
Mr. CONNESS. Itliinkifthereadingshould
be done by the Clerk, who is in the habit of
reading, it would be very much better for the
whole Senate.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read it.
The Secretary read as follows :
Andrew Johnson,
President of the United States of America:
To all to whon these presents shall come, greeting :
Know ye, that reposing special trust and confidence
ill the integrity, diligence, and discretion of — ;
— , I have nominated, and by and with the advice
•>nd consent of the Senate do appoint him ——,
and do authorize and empower him to execute and
f'uifilitheduties of that office according to law, and
to have and to hold the said office, with all the rights,
privileges, and emoluments thereunto legally apper-
taining unto him the said  • during the
pleasure of tho President of the United States for the
time being.
In testimony whereof I have caused these letters
to be made parent and the seal of the Treasury De-
partment of the United States to be hereunto affixed.
Given under my hand at the city of Washington
the — day of in the year of our Lord 18—, and
of the independence of the United States of America
the .  .
By the President:
Secretary of the Treasury.
Question. Please state what was the altera-
tion made of that, printed form to conform to
the provisions of the tenure-of-office act?
Answer. The words "during the pleasure
of tho President of the United States for the
time being" 
Mr. JOHNSON. We cannot hear. The
Clerk had better read those words.
The Secretary. The words written are as
follows: " Until a successor shall have been
appointed and duly qualified."
Mr. .1OHNSON. Whatare the words stricken
out?
The Secretary. The words stricken out
are "during the pleasure of the President of
the United States for the time being."
By Mr. Manager Butler :
Question. Since' that-act has any other form
of commission been used than the one as altered
for such permanent appointments?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Have you now a form of official
bond for officers as used prior to the civil ten-
ure-of-offiee net?
Ansiccr. Yes, sir; [producing a paper.]
Question, lias any change been made in
that?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Please give me, if you have it, a
copy of the commissions issued for temporary
appointments since tho tenure-of-office act?
Mr. STANBERY. Is the bond put in?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. It is.
Mr. STANBERY. Will you have it read ?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. No, unless you
desire it. It is the common, ordinary form of
bond.
Mr. STANBERY. Let me see it.
[The paper was handed to Mr. Stanbery,
and read by him.]
Mi. Manager BUTLER, (to the witness.)
State whether the printed part of this paper
was the part in use prior to the tenure-of-
oilicc act?
Answer. It was.
Mr. CURTIS. What is the paper?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. The paper is the
form of commission for temporary appoint-
ments. Will the Secretary read it?
The Secretary read as follows :
The J>resident of the United, States of America,
To all to whom thenepresents shall come, greeting:
Know ye, that reposing special trustandconlidencc
in the integrity, diligence, and discretion of  
 , 1 do appoint him   , and do authorize
and empower him to execute and fulfill the duties
of that office according to law, and to have and to hold
the said oflico with all tho rights, privileges, and
emoluments thereunto legally appertaining, unto
him the said , during tho pleasure of the
President of the United States for the time being,
until the end of tho next session of tho Senate of the
United States, and no longer.
in testimony whereof I have caused these letters
to be made pa tent, and the seal of the Treasury De-
partment of the United States to be hereunto affixed.
Given under my hand, at the city of Washington,
this — (lay of , in the year of our Lord IS—, and
of tho independence of the United States of America
tho . '—~~~
By the President:
Secrctaiy of the Treasury.
By Mr. Manager Butler :
Question. Was any change made in that
commission ?
Answer. The alteration shows the change.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Read the altera-
tion, Mr. Secretary.
The Secretary. Strike out "during the
pleasure of the President of the United States
for the time being," and insert " unless this
commission be sooner revoked by the Presi-
dent of the United States for the time being."
By Mr. Manager Butler :
Question. Do you know whether before these
changes were made the official opinion of the
Solicitor of the Treasury was taken?
Answer. It was.
Question. Have you that opinion 1
Answer. I have.
Mr. Manager BUTLEE. I withdraw _ the
question as to the opinion on consultation.
[To the witness. ] Do you know whether since
the alteration of these forms any commissions
have been issued signed by the President of the
United States?
Ansiccr. Yes, sir.
Question. As altered?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. It is suggested to me to ask you
if the President had signed both forms—both
the temporary and permanent forms as altered?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Now look at the paper which I
send you [handing a paper] and say what is
that paper?
Answer. It is a commission issued to Mr.
Cooper as Assistant Secretary of the Treasury.
Question. Under what date?
Answer. The 20th day of November, 1867.
Question. Who was Assistant Secretary of
the Treasury at the time of the issuing of that
commission ?
Ansiccr. Mr. W. E. Chandler was one.
Question. Do you happen to remember, as
a matter of memory, whether the Senate was
then in session?
Answer. I think it was not.
Question. State whether Mr. Cooper quali-
fied and went into office under that first com-
mission?
Answer. He did not qualify under the first
commission at all.
Question. What is the paper I now send
you? [Handing a paper.]
Answer. It is authority from the President
to Edmund Cooper to act as Assistant Secre-
tary of the Treasury.
Question. Read it.
Mr. EVARTS. Is the other considered as
read, the one under which he did not qualify?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Yes, sir; I meant
so to consider it.
Mr. EVARTS. How are we ever to know
the contents if they are not read when pro-
duced?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. It is exactly the
same form as the other that has been read.
Mr. EVARTS. Then let it be so stated.
We know nothing whatever about it.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I will hand that
first paper to the counsel.
[The paper was handed to the counsel for the
President, examined by them, and returned.]
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Do the counsel
for tho President desire to have the paper
read ?
Mr. STANBERY. Certainly.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Very well. Let
the Secretary read it.
The Secretary read as follows:
Andrew Johnson,
President of the United States of America :
To cdl who shall nee these presents, greet ing :
Know ye, that reposingspecial trust and confidence
in the integrity and ability of Edmund Cooper, I do
appoint him to be Assistant Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and do authorize and empower him to execute
and fulfill the duties of that office according to law,
and to have and to hold the said office, with all the
powers, privileges, and emoluments thereunto of
right appertaining, unto him, the said Edmund
Cooper, until the end of the next session of tho Sen-
ate of the United States, and no longer, subject to
the conditions prescribed by law.
In testimony whereof I have caused these letters
to be made patent, and the seal of the United States
to be hereunto affixed, , __ .
Given under iny hand at the city of Washington,
the 20th dayof November, in the year of our
[l. s.] Lord 1867, and of the independence of tho
United States of America the ninety-second.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Bvtlie President:
William II. Seward, Secretary of State,
Mr. Manager BUTLER, (to the witness.)
Now, will you pass to the Secretary the letter
