2114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26;
the act-of Congress granting land in Nebraska
to the Burlington and Missouri River Railroad
Company.
By- Mr. WILSON, of Ohio: A memorial
of Isaac Watts, setting forth the facts in tho
cas&and praying for the passage of a law to
enable" him to receive the back pay and allow-
an Jes due his adopted son, Samuel Watts, who
died m the service of the United States, to-
gether with affidavits.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 26, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, I). D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter of the Secretary of the
Interior, communicating an estimate of the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs of appropri-
ations required for the different bands of
Chippewa Indians in Minnesota in removing
them to their reservations and subsisting them
for six months after their arrival, and also for
the erection of a mill at Red lake ; which, on
motion*of Mr. Ramsey, was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
house bill referred.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 246) direct-
ing the Secretary of State to present to George
Wright, master of the British brig J. & G.
Wright, a gold chronometer, in appreciation of
his personal services in saving the lives of three
American seamen wrecked at sea on board of
the American schooner Lizzie P. Clioate, of
Massachusetts, was read twice by its title, and
referredto the Committee 011 Commerce.
order of business.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope we shall be allowed
to go through with the morning business.
Mr. SUMNER. That can be done after
w© have finished what is to be transacted in
executive session.
Mr. RAMSEY. I trust we shall not go into
executive session now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the question is
put on the motion of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts I ask leave to introduce a bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I make no objection to
that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I ask leave to
introduce a bill without notice.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By the
new rules that will require unanimous con-
sent. The order of business now comes within
the rule, so that any objection will prevent the
introduction of any business out of its order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce a bill.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to suggest
to the Senator from Illinois that he does not
require unanimous consent for that any more
than unanimous consent is necessary for the
other motion. The new rule is that his bill
and all bills are received, among other things,
before anything else is done.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In their order.
Mr. CONKLING. In their order. I call
attention, if the Chair will allow me, to Rule
24, as we adopted it, which recites what shall
be done, and then declares " all which shall
be received and disposed in such order, unless
unanimous consent shall be otherwise given."
Now, I suppose, it is only in order by unani-
mous consent to move to go into executive
session.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is a
question on which the Chair entertains some
doubt. On the other question he has no
doubt.
Mr. SUMNER. A motion to adjourn is m
order at this moment, and so is a motion to
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If anybody objects to
my bill I will withdraw it; but I ask unani-
mous conscnt to introduce the bill.
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no objection it will be received and read a
first time.
Mr. SHERMAN. If that is done the rules
will amount to nothing. I hope we shall begin
by observing the rules that we adopted yester-
day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator objects
I cannot offer it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it cannot be received now under
the rules. Petitions and memorials are in
order.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
resolution of the Legislature of Kentucky, pro-
testing against the action of the House of Rep-
resentatives in refusing to admit the Repre-
sentatives of that State into that body.
The Secretary proceeded to read the resolu-
tion.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the further
reading be dispensed with, and that the com-
munication lie upon the table, and be printed.
Mr. SUMNER. From whom is the com-
munication ?
Mr. HARLAN. The Legislature of a State.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also pre-
sented a memorial of the constitutional con-
vention of South Carolina, praying for the
removal of the civil disabilities imposed on
certain persons in that State by acts of Con-
gress ; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. MORGAN presented a memorial of
merchants of the city of New York, asking that
the time in which claims for drawback may be
presented be extended to January 1, 1869;
which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
reports of committees.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 881) refunding duties paid under protest
on the importation from Franco of a bell do-
nated for the use of Saint Mary's Institute and
Notre Dame University, Indiana, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the petition
of colored citizens of Alabama and Georgia,
praying for an appropriation to each person
who will embark under the auspices of the
American Colonization Society to Liberia,
asked to be discharged from its further consid-
eration, and that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same commiitee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 442) to amend
section one of an act to prevent and punish
frauds upon the revenue, and for other pur-
poses, approved March 3,1803, reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the resolution of the Legislature of the State
of Minnesota relative to the Black Hills wagon-
road, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it bo referred to the
Committee on Territories ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 356) for the relief
of Messrs. Gelatt & Moore, reported adversely
thereon. .
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 369) to provide for mail ser-
vice between Fort Abercrombie, Dakota Ter-
ritory, and Helena, in Montana Territory,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the Committee on the District
of Columbia, reported a bill (S. No. 455) for
the crection of school-houses and tho mainte-
nance of schools in the District of Columbia
outside of the cities of Washington and George-
town ; which was read twice by its title, and
on his motion referred to the-Committee on
Appropriations.
order of business.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senate to proceed
to the consideration of House bill No. 881 just
reported by the chairman of the Committee on
Finance.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. It requires
the unanimous consent of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I presume the Senator
from Ohio will hardly agree to that.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is perfectly in order
for the Senator from Indiana to ask the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to pass a bill which
has been reported.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ohio
objected to giving unanimous consent a mo-
ment ago.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And he ought not to
consent to it now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I objected to all motions
out of order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. To enter-
tain the motion requires unanimous consent.
Is there any objection ?
Mr. SUMNER. I renew the motion that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That mo-
tion is in order.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to present a
memorial.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
a motion pending to go into executive session.
The question being put on the motion, it was
declared that the ayes appeared to have it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I call for a division
until I can submit a question of order, whether
I have not the right to present a memorial be-
fore that vote is taken.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Petitions
and memorials were in order until the Senate
seemed to lie through with them, and then tho
Chair called for the next business in order, the
reception of reports of committees.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That settles that ques-
tion. I did not hear petitions and memorials
called for.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion to go into executive session is in order.
The Chair will put it over again.
The motion was agreed to.
bill in'tkodcced.
Mr. TRUMBULL. While the doors are
being closed I ask permission to introduce a
bill. I suppose there will be no objection to
that.
By unanimous consent leave was granted to
introduce a bill (S. No. 464) in relation to the
qualifications of jurors; which was read twice
by its title.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the bill be
printed and go upon the Calendar, as it has
already been considered by the Committee on
the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
executive session".
The Senate proceeded to the consideration
of executive business ; and, after fifty minutes
spent in executive session, the doors were re-
opened.
tax on' manufactures.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhkrson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in some, arid
noil-concurred in others, of the amendments
of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 900) to
exempt certain manufactures from internal
tax, and concurred in other amendments,with
amendments.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to take up that
bill now with a view to the appointment of a
committee of conference.
Tho motion was agreed to. /
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state that, the House
| of Representatives has concurred in some of
j our amendments, concurred in others .vitli
i amendments, and non-concurred in others. I
