3188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June IS,
the gentleman to order. This debate does not
touch the merits of the question.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am talking on the very
matter. The gentleman from New York stands
here to-day asking us to take off the tax on
gold and silver plate, gold w.atohes, billiard-
tables, and so on.
Mr. ROBfNSON. I wish to take the tax
off gold and silver plate out of compliment to
the leaders on the other side.
Mr. SCHENCK. He wishes to strike out
that part of the bill which taxes articles ordi-
narily esteemed to be articles of luxury. He
wishes to save the rich and to increase the bur-
dens upon the poorer classes. If 1 have done
wrong in saying that ho has turned a Demo-
crat, I have at least shown what kind of a Dem-
ocrat he is. I hope the amendment will not
prevail. If we are to have any taxation it
should be imposed upon these very articles that
are proposed to be stricken out.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ROBINSON. Can I say a word?
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment.
Mr. ROBINSON. I do not ask a favor, I
demand a right.
The CHAIRMAN. It is the right of the
Cbair to enforce the rules.
Mr. ROBINSON. The Chair will under-
stand that I have a right 
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
amendment.
^ Mr. ROBINSON. I rise to propose a par-
liamentary question, which the Chair will rule
is in order if he hears me.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will state
his parliamentary question.
Mr. ROBINSON. Seeing my friend from
Ohio and X were formerly good Clay Whigs
together  
The CHAIRMAN, (bringing down the ham-
mer.) The question is on the amendment 
Mr. ROBINSON. I rise to a question of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. Those in favor of the
amendment will say ay ; those of a contrary
opinion no. The ayes have it, and the amend-
ment is lost.
Mr. ROBINSON. I rise to a point of order.
I have risen three times to withdraw the prop-
osition, and the Chair absolutely refused to
allow me. That was my point of order, that
I had a right to withdraw it. Never, sir, in
this House has any member been bawled down
before when he rose to withdraw his motion.
The Chairman here brought down the ham-
mer.
Mr. ROBINSON. I ask whether I have not
a right to withdraw the motion which I made?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will make a
statement. The gentleman rose, and the Chair
vefy civilly stated to him the condition in which
he was placed—that it was his duty to enforce
the rule. The gentleman then stated that he
rose to ask a "parliamentary question. The
Chair asked him to state it. The gentleman
then turned to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] and proceeded with the debate
which had already been closed, because a point
of order had been made upon it.
Mr. ROBINSON. The point of order I
made was this-—
[Cries of "order."]
The CHAIRMAN. Thereupon the Chair
rapped the gentleman down and proceeded
to state the question of order, as he will always
do on like occasions.
Mr. ROBINSON. I rise to say then 
[Cries of " order."]
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will proceed.
The Clerk. ''Schedule C" 
Mr. ROBINSON. 1 rise to a pointof order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will proceed.
The Clerk read as follows :
Carriage phseton, carryall, rockaway, or otherlike
carriage and any coach, hackney coach, omnibus, or
four-wheeled carriage, the body of which rests upon
springs of any description, which may be kept for
use, tor hire, or for pnssengors, and which shall not
be used exclusively in husbandry or for the trans-
portation of merchandise, valued at exceeding $300,
and not above 1500 each, including harness used
therewith, six dollars.
Carriages of like description, valued above $500,
each, ten dollars.
On gold watches, composed whotly or in part of
gold or gilt, kept for use, valued at$10U or less, each,
one dollar.
On gold watches, composed wholly or in part of
gold or gilt, kept for use, valued at above $100, each,
two dollars.
On pianofortes, organs, melodeons, harps, or other
parlor musical instruments, keptfor use, (not includ-
ing those placed in churches or schools,) valued at
not less than $100 and no t abo vo$200, each, two dollars.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to strike out in
the last line but one " $100 and not above;"
so that it will read "valued at not less than
$200, each two dollars."
Mr. LOUGHR1DGE. Why do you decrease
the tax on pianos from that imposed by the
old law ?
Mr. SCHENCK. The old law let them off
altogether. They have never been restored.
By reference to page 96 of the revenue law
the gentleman will find that in schedule A
pianos were not taxed at all.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I move to amend by
adding " when the value is over $400, six dol-
lars.
Mr. ROBINSON, lmove to strike out the
entire paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. That will bo in order
after the paragraph is perfected.
The question was taken on Mr. Lough-
ridgb's amendment; and it was disagreed to—
ayes eleven, noes not counted.
Mr. ROBINSON. I now move to strike out
the whole paragraph; and on that motion I
want to say one word. I wished, a few min-
utes ago, to finish one sentence by adding to
what I had already said, "I withdraw my
motion," and asking the parliamentary ques-
tion if I had not the right to do so; having
been denied that courtesy I propose to go on
with what I originally proposed, and move to
strike out every paragraph. I had three words
to say, and being denied an opportunity of
saying then, very unjustly, in my opinion, I
shall move to strike out each paragraph.
Mr. WARD. 1 call the gentleman to order
for using language of that kind to the Chair.
Mr. ROBINSON. Let the language be
taken down to which the gentleman objects.
[Criesof " Oh, no!"]
Mr. WARD. 1 withdraw the point of order.
The question was taken on Mr. Robinson's
motion ; and there were—ayes 3, noes 75; no
quorum voting.
Mr. ROBINSON. I insist on a vote ; and I
shall do it on every question, because 1 think
I have been unjustly treated.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Robin-
son and Hopkins were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 7, noes-91.
So the motion was diagreed to.
Mr. LOUGITRID GE. I move to addtothe
paragraph the words, " where the value of the
piano is over $500, five dollars." Mr. Chair-
man, I do not know on what principle this is
arranged. If we desire to make this law odious
to the people, we are going in the right direc-
tion to do it. We tax a man who has a pinch-
beck watch worth less than fifty dollars, one
dollar, while we only tax the man who has a
piano worth $1,000, two dollars. Now, if
that is justice, 1 do not know what justice is.
Our policy ought to be to tax the rich and
those who are able to bear taxation, and to
have something like equality, and if this bill is
not of that character, it shall not receive my
vote. 1 should like the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to give me some
reason why a piano worth $1,000 should be
taxed only one dollar, while a man %vho owns
a pinchbeck watch worth fifty dollars is taxed
for it one dollar. I trust my amendment will
be adopted. We have refused to tax United
States bonds, and we ought to tax these lux-
uries.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. ROBINSON. I move to strike out the
last word of the paragraph, and I shall pro-
ceed, within my five minutes, to give my.rea-
sons for wishing to strike it out. This is a
musical concern, and those that " have no
music in their souls are fit for treason, strat-
agem," and some other things.^ If the Chair
will allow me to say one word introductory tp
my-remarks, I will say that when I was on the
floor a few minutes ago I had commenced ajid
said three words——■
Mr. MULLINS. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman must direct his remarks to the
subject under consideration. I insist on order,
'i'he CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The gentleman must speak to
his amendment.
Mr. ROBINSON. Then I shall proceed ia
order ; and the point on which I was talking
was about these musical instruments. I did
not intend out of this musical harmony to pro-
duce discord, and although when I rose to
withdraw my amendment and had only said
three words I was interrupted, and, as I con-
sider, contrary to the usual courtesy of this
House, yet I will not revenge myself on the
Committee of the Whole, and I therefore shall
not persevere; as I have a right to do, in speak-
ing and insisting on a vote on each paragraph
and section.
No further amendment was offered.
The following clauses were then read :
Billi&rd-tables kept for use, each, ten dollars.
Provided, That billiard tables kept for hire, and
upon which a special tax has been imposed, shall not
be required to pay the tax on billiard-tables kept for
use as aforesaid.
On plate, of gold, kept for use, per ounce troy, fifty
cents.
On plate, of silver, kept for use, per ounce troy, five
cents.
Provided, That silvcrspoons orplateof silver used
by one tainily to an amount not exceeding forty
ounces troy_ belonging to any oneperson.plate belong-
ing to religioassoeieties, and souvenirs and keepsakes
actually given and received as such and not kept for
use; also, all premiums awarded as a token of merit
by any agricultural society, corporation, or associa-
tion of persons, for any purpose whatever, shall be
exempt from tax.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would suggest that the
clauses just read relating to plate, &c., be
amended! by substituting the word "avoirdu-
pois" for the word "troy" where it occurs.
My reason for that amendment is that the means
of weighing in general use throughout the
country has reference to avoirdupois weight
instead of troy weight. The avoirdupois ounce
is a little less than the troy ounce, and my
amendment may have the effect of decreasing
a little the income to be derived from this source.
But I think the convenience to result from the
change I propose will justify the amendment.
Mr. ALLISON. I would ask my friend from
Tennessee [Mr. Maynabd] if the troy weight
is not generally marked or stamped on gold
and silver plate?
Mr. MAYNARD. I know that technically
the weight of gold and silver articles from most
establishments, not all of them, but from the
large establishments, is marked on the articles,
but not in ounces. It is sometimes stamped
so indifferently or imperfectly that it is difficult
to ascertain what it is. I presume but few per-
sons would make a return of their silver plate,
&c., without weighing it themselves, and their
domestic means of weighing always have refer-
ence to avoirdupois and not troy weight.
Mr. ALLISON. My own impression is that
the change proposed would create more confu-
sion than would counterbalance the benefit that
might result from it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think troy weight is the
proper weight for the precious metals. The
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard]
speaks now, as he did in the Committee of
Ways and Means, of the difficulty of calculating
the troy weight by persons ordinarily.
Mr. MAYNARD. Very well; it is not
worth a contest; I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consenS
