4164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
but it was not in order under the rules, and
was not considered. Therefore I thought it
proper to bring it before the Senate now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suggest to the
Senator for his consideration, as there will
undoubtedly be a reluctance on the part of the
House to increase this sum, whether, after all,
for present purposes, the $125,000 is not ade-
quate. It will be recollected that the court
does not sit at this season of the year. I under-
stand that from this period until about the time
we assemble again the court will not be in
session, or not much, to say the least of it; it
will not be doing much; and the probability
is they will render but few judgments.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thiuk the court meets
for business in October, it meets in August,
but I do not know whether it goes on with its
regular business then. My impression is that
it does not do much until October.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Practically it
does very little until fall, so that it can hardly be
expected that the judgments of the court will
require an appropriation beyond the $125,000
provided for. I suggest to the Senator, there-
fore, whether on the whole it is not wise to let
the thing stand as it does, although the esti-
mates are larger. Undoubtedly next winter we
shall be obliged to adopt the legislation he now
proposes ; but still, under the circumstances, I
suggest to him that it may be as well to allow
it to stand as it does.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It _ would necessarily
involve a deficiency and might impair the use-
fulness of the court. Of course it would be
folly to keep up a court at an expense, 1 im-
agine, of at least $50,000 a year to pass upon
claims only to the extent of $125,000. I will
state further to the Senator from Maine that
the appropriation last year was $700,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I believe it was.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a matter of public
importance, I think, that there should be a
reasonable sum appropriated, it is immate-
rial to me and to the public interests when it
is appropriated, so that it is not delayed. It
is for this fiscal year, and the appropriations
that we shall make next session will be for the
fiscal year still. This is for the current year,
the year upon which we have just cntcied, the
year ending the ijOth of June next. 1 do not
wish to take up time upon the amendment. It
is manifestly a proper appropriation, and ought
to be made.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the latter clause ot the amendment
of the Senator from Illinois in these ivords :
And for the payment at judgments rendered by the
Court of Claims in favor ot claimants during tho
fiscal year ending June 30.1800, in addition to the
sum alieady appropiiated, ^0,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY. I offer an amendment to
insert on page 10, after line two hundred and
nineteen, the following :
Navy Department:
For aurvoysmd incidental expenses connccted with
tho care of property en Thames river, recently ac-
quired from the State of Connecticut, S3,')00.
The naval appropriation bill of last session
contained the following clause :
And the Secretary of tho Navy is hereby author-
ized and directed to icccivc and accept a deed of
gift when offered by the Sfnte of Connecticut ot a
tiact of land, situated on Thames river, near New
London. Connecticut, with a water-tront ot not less
than one mile, to bo held by the tinned Stated tor
naval purposes.
We received a short time ago from the Sec-
retary of the Navy a letter containing the in-
formation that this cession of a mile of river
front on the Thames river had been made and
accepted, and suggesting an appropriation of
$10,000 for the purposes mentioned in tho
amendment. 1 wrote to the Navy Department.
1 at first gave notice of an amendment appro-
priating ยง10,000 ; but upon making inquiry at
the Navy Department I became satisfied that
for present purposes an appropriation of $3,000
would be sufficient. The land is a mile front
on the river by some seven hundred and fifty
feet in width, and will need fencing and care,
aad a survey particularly. ;
Mr. CATTELL. I do not like to oppose
the amendment of the Senator from Connec-
ticut; but the Government, have accepted of
the city of Philadelphia, as a gift., League
Island, for which, I think, tho city paid the
sum of three hundred and fifty or four huudred
thousand dollars, and I have been importuned
by gentlemen in Philadelphia forasurveyand
for some care in regard to that island. I took
the ground that with the present economical
disposition of the Congress of tho United
States appropriations in that direction would
not probably be listened to with favor, and
therefore I declined making such a proposition.
1 should be very glad if the Senate is disposed
to pass this amendment that they would also
make a like appropriation for a survey of
League Island. The circumstances are very
similar in both cases.
Mr. FERRY. I do not know that there is
any necessary connection between the cession
of League Islandandthepresentcession. This
cession from tho State of Connecticut was in-
vited by an act of Congress passed last year,
and in pursuance of that invitation the State,
at considerable expense, purchased this prop-
erty and donated it to the Government. It is
now the property of the Government, and
needs absolutely some appropriation for the
purpose of taking care of it and preventing
trespasses, and making the needful external
inclosures. The Secretary is also desirous, as
he informs us in a letter which lies before me,
of making a survey to ascertain the adaptation
of this land for the purposes for which the
Government invited its cession, and for the
purposes for which the cession was made. I
had supposed from an interview which I had
with the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations that there was no objection on his
part to tho appropriation which 1 had offered
as an amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will say one
word in explanation. This amendment did
not come to the committee in season to be pre-
sented by the Committee on Appropriations,
but my attention was called to it by the Sena-
tor. Notice had been given to the committee
so as to enable him to move it, and on a state-
ment of the facts, and considering the moder-
ation of the approp"iation, it did not seem to
me that I could very successfully oppose it.
So he was right in inferring that it seemed to
be proper enough.
Mr. ANTHONY. The difference between
the two eases is that League Island does not
need fencing, and this ground that has been
accepted by the Government at New London
does need fencing. There is no fencing ne-
cessary for League Island, and I suppose it
could not be fenced unless you got poles fifty
feet long on account of the mud there. Other-
wise it would be impossible for them to re-
main. [Laughter.]
Mr. CAfTELL. The only reply I have to
make to the Senator from Rhode Island is that
the State of Connecticut ought to have pre-
sented the land already fenced. I do not think
they ought to have subjected the Government
of the United States to the expense of fencing
it. I will say further that League Island is
occupied by the Government of the United
States. I saw there last winter twelve Or fif-
teen iron-elads in the back channel of League
Island, and it strikes me that if there is to be
an appropriation for one of these places they
ought to be put on a par. Certainly if we do
not need fencing at Lesgue Island we want a
survey. If we could have an appropriation
for a survey, perhaps my friend from Rhode
Island would be able to ascertain definitely
what the depth of mud is at the island with-
out being obliged to guess at it. [Laughter.]
Mr. ANTHONY. There are not so many
iron-clads there as there were, for one took
fire about a year and a half ago, and there was
not water enough there to put it out. [Laugh-
ter.]
The amendment was agreed tro.
Mr. MORGAN. I have two amendments to
offer from the Committee on Commerce. Tht
first is to insert after line two hundred and
eight, on the ninth page, the following:
One hundred thousand dollars, or so much of the
same as may bo necessary, to be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of War in the removal of
the wroek of the iron steamship Scotland, now ou
the bar outside of Sandy Hook, near the entrance to
tho harbor of New York: Provided, That the Secre-
tary of War shall, after notice given in one or more
newspapers in tho cities of Philadelphia, New York,
and Boston, receive sealed proposals for tho removal
of said wreck, and make contracts for the same with
tho lowest bidder therefor. Said contract will m no
ease exceed in amount tho sum heroin appropriated.
In January, 1867, Congress passed an appro-
priation of ยง100,000 for this purpose, but on
representation being made that the owners of
the ship had made a contract with a wrecking
company it was thought best to repeal that
law, and the law was repealed. The wrecking
company have been at work for a year and a
half, and have accomplished nothing. One
hundred thousand dollars is the least sum lor
which this obstruction can be removed, and it
is supposed that this appropriation, as it is
limited, may be the means of getting the ship
removed ; otherwise it will cost more.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the Sen-
ator whether this is the same proposition which
was before the Senate last year ?
Mr. MORGAN. Precisely the same. It is
a copy of the law that was repealed. I have
it before me.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That law was
repealed ?
Mr. MORGAN. Yes, sir.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN. I have another amend-
ment to offer reported from the Committee on
Commerce, to insert after line two hundred
and eight, on the ninth page, the following:
For the removal of a sunken rock in the channel
of the harbor at tho port of New York, $1,530.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRAGIN. I offer an amendment to
insert after line seven, ou page 1, the follow-
ing:
J?or pay of additional messengers of the Senate for
tho month of June, 1868, $2,245 01.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I offer an amendment
from the Committee on Indian Affairs, to in-
sert after line three hundred and forty-eight
on page 15,the following:
For deficiencies in appropriation for feeding des-
titute friendly Indians under act of July 20, t-viT, in
accordance with tho recommendation of the Indian
peace commission, $1/2,827 11.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like
to have some explanation of that amendment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The honorable Senator
from Missouri [Mr. Henderson] has beeu
unwell during the day, and not able to come
into the Senate, and in consequence of that [
have offered this amendment in behalf of the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to inquire
of the honorable Senator whether a corre-
sponding one was not offered and adopted to
the Indian appropriation bill recently passed?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This is for a deficiency;
the appropriation bill is for the fiscal year
ending June 30, I860.
Mr. CONNESS. It was stated in the dis-
cussion that the appropriation was made for a
deficiency for feeding the Navajo Indians.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This has nothing to do
with the Navajoes.
Mr. CONNESS. Oh, this is to feed other
Indians.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir: to feed other
Indians. My honorable friend will remember
that General Sherman, Mr. Henderson, and
others went out to deal with the Sioux and the
Indians on the plains who were at war, and
make peace with them and feed them.
Mr. STEWART. From what time to what
time was the feeding done?
it, j^r* ^DOOLITTLE. The deficiency is
ijl72,827 11. The Secretary states :
Dei-aktment of the Interior,
Washington', 1), C., July 15,1S6S.
Sir: I havo the honor to transmit herewith a copy
ot a communication of this data from tho Commis-
