1092
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
thought, that when a claimant has gone through
both the Court of Claims and the Supreme
Court, and got judgment in both, he ought to
have his money without waiting for another
Congress to pass upon the question.
I trust that the amendment will not prevail
to strike out the appropriation of $100,000. If
It does prevail I trust you will strike out the
Court of Claims altogetherfor what is the
use of having such a court giving judgments
that are mere brutwm fulmen—mere heat light-
ning. More than that, the Supreme Court have
already decided that they will not heat these
cases on appeal unless they have the power to
enforce judgment, so that if you strike out this
appropriation you strike out all chance of
appeal on the part of the Government. I
withdraw the amendment.
Mr. BROOMALL.": I'propose to amend by
adding to the paragraph the following:
Provided, That no judgment of said court for any
sum exceeding five thousand dollars shall be paid
out of this appropriation.
It will be seen that my object is precisely the
object that the committee had in view in re-
porting this provision. I think my amendment
should be adopted, because, where the judg-
ment exceeds five thousand dollars, undoubt-
edly this Congress ought to have some super-
visory power over the action of the court. I
hope the committee will be satisfied with my
proposition and adopt it.
Mr. PRUYN. I rise to a question of order.
That amendment is open to the same objection
that was made by the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] to the original proposition; it
changes the existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The amendment merely pfo-
poses a limitation on the appropriation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The hour
of half past four has arrived, and I am very
much obliged to the committee for remaining
in session so patiently. I now move that the
committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr.Wn.so>.*,
of Iowa, reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, accord-
ing to order, had the special order under con-
sideration, being House bill No. 605, making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1809, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILt.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the
Committee on Appropriations, reported a bill
(H. R. No. 718) making appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending 80th June, 1869,
&nd for other purposes; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
ordered to be printed and made the special
order for Wednesday next, and from day to
day until disposed of. -
Mr. HOLMAN. Let it be understood that
points of order are reserved on the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Certainly;
that is, in the line of extravagance.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the
right to reserve points of order.
LEAVE Of ABSENCE.
The SPEAKER asked and obtained leave
of absence for Mr. Bailey for two weeks after
to-day.
HEIRS OF CHARLES GOULER.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
in a pension bill repotted by the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, and which passed the House,
granting a pension to the minor children of
Charles Gouler, in place of his widow, the
words "are hereby repealed" were accident-
ally omitted by the committee at the^ conclu-
sion of the bill. If there be no objection, they
will be added to the bill before it goes to the
Senate.
No objection was made.
Mr. SCHENCK. Beforemakipg the motion
which I design to submit, I will yield for a mo-
ment to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Kelley,] who has a resolution to offer in behalf
of his colleague, [Mr. Stevens,] who has been
compelled to leave the Hall.
CLAIM OI B. W. PERKINS.
Mr. KELLEY. In-behalf of my colleague,
[Mr. Stevens,] who has been obliged to leave
the Hall, I ask the unanimous consent of the
House to offer the following resolution:
Be it resolved by the House of Representatives of the
United States, That tlio [Secretary of State be, and lie
is hereby directed, if not incompatible with the pub-
lic interest, to bring to tho friendly notice of the Em-
peror of Russia the injuries alleged to have boen
sustained by 1J. \Vr. Perkins,late of Massachusetts, in
ecrtain contracts made by him with "Russian agents
in 1855 and 1856; and to suggest such mode of deter-
mination, as, whilo protecting the interests of an
American citizen, shall be consistent with tho honor
and dignity of the friendly Government of Kussia.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to go to the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table. There are two or'
three matters there which I think ought to be
referred.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman will modify his motion so as to
provide that the bills shall be referred to com-
mittees, not to be brought back by motions to
reconsider.
Mr. SCHENCK. Ihave no objection to that
modification.
The motion, as modified, was agreed to.
ASSISTANT ENGINEER SAWYER.
The SPEAKER. The first business on the
Speaker's table is a communication from the
Secretary of the Navy, transmitting the papers
in the case of the court-martial on Second As-
sistant Engineer Sawyer, of the United States
Navy, called for by a resolution of the House
of Representatives of the 27th of January last.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that that com-
munication be referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs and printed; and I desire to sub-
mit a few reasons why I think it ought to be
printed and brought to the attention of the
country. It is in answer to a resolution which
1 submitted a short time since calling upon the
Secretary of the Navy to report to this House
all tho correspondence and papers and all the
testimony in the case of Second Assistant En-
giueer Sawyer, of the Navy, who by sentence
of court-martial at Portsmouth, New Hamp-
shire, was sentenced to suspension for one year
upon half waiting-orders pay. I have read the
testimony as it lies there upon your table, and I
commend it to others as good reading when it
shall come to be printed.
The Portsmouth navy-yard, so called, is not
situated in New Hampshire, as gentlemen
know very well, but at Ivitt&ry, in Maine,
upon the other side of tho river. In order to
avoid the necessity of passing up the river
some two miles or more to cross a bridge,
they have established a little ferry-boat 1'or
the convenience of the laborers and others at
the navy-yard and of the people of Portsmouth,
in passing back and forth between the city of
Portsmouth and the Maine side of the river.
Last fall two officers of the Navy, with some
one or two others, got into a political contro-
versy while crossing in the furry-boat. One
of the officers was Mr. Engineer Sawyer, who
has been so severely handled and put upon
starving pay for a year; the other was Sur-
geon Gihon, of the Navy, whose sympathies,
like those of a great nany others, were per-
haps on one side of the rebellion while his
bread and butter were upon the other side. It
seems that Gihon had an old grudge against
a Colonel Allen, who happened at tho time to
be on the ferry-boat; and he spoke of him as
"a damned Dutch Radical, who had no busi-
ness to be there." The reason assigned by
him for this grudge, as stated in his testimony,
dragged out of him, as almost all his testi-
mony was, was that at some time this Allen
had been disrespectful toward a lady or gen-
tleman, a southern friend of Surgeon Gihon.
The remark of Gihon in relation to Colonel
Allen led this Engineer Sawyer, who, it seems,
was a Republican, to say that Colonel Allen
had good reason to be a Radical, being a Pole}
because, flying from oppression an4 tyranny in
his own country, it was natural he should take
,the side o'f popular- liberty and freedom wheiv
he arrived here.
This remark led to a discussion more or lesa
excited' on each side, more or less intemperate,
perhaps, though not quite equal to that in
which politicians indulge with each other. In
this discussion a friend of Gihon, a Mr. Bishop,
took part, though it was principally between
Sawyer and Gihon. Bishop and Gihon tookthe
Democratic side, and Sawyer took the Repub-
lican side. In the course of this conversa-
tion, as we gather from the testimony of Gihon
and Bishop—for they had the opportunity to
testify, while Sawyer, being made a defend-
ant, had to remain dumb—from their testimony
most reluctantly given, we gather the fact that
one of them, Bishop, spoko most disrespect-
fully cf Congress, as a dangerous body, a bad
body, one not properly representing the wishes
of the people. He spoke especially of Messrs.
Sumner, Wilson, and Stevens as vile char-
acters connected with Congress. The Repub-
lican, Mr. Sawyer, claimed on his side that
Johnson would probably be impeached, and
said that he thought he ought to be impeached
by Congress. I wish he had been a better
prophet than he was:
Many Members. Amen!
Mr. SCHENCK. In short, it was a politi-
cal discussion, and nothing else. But a mis-
erable pimp, a man who, with the approval of
the Secretary of the Navy, shamelessly signs
himself "detective at the' Portsmouth navy-
yard' ' to one of the papers reporting this fact
to the Secretary of the Navy, a fellow by the
name of Stimson, makes complaint accord-
ingly to the executive officer of the yard.
The whole matter was then inquired into.
The result is that Sawyer has been condemned,
and punished for speaking in this manner of
the President; while Gihon, whether it is in-
tended as a reward or not for his disrespectful
language concerning Congress I do not know,
gets a very comfortable and convenient duty
in China, which I think carries with it some
special compensation and advantages, though
of that I am not certain; at all events, he has
gone abroad.
Now, sir, the Articles of War of the Navy-
contain no such provision as that language dis-
respectful of the President of the United States
shall be punishable by court-martial: and I
undertake to say that these whole proceedings
might be set aside, as during the trial the
counsel for Sawyer protested they ought to be,
because they are not proper proceedings under
any law applicable to the Navy. In the Army
regulations there is a provision that to use lan-
guage disrespectful of the President or of Con-
gress or of the government of any State in
which troops shall be stationed at the time
when the words are spoken shall be punishable
by court-martial. But regardless of the tact
that there is no such provision applicable to
the Navy, and failing to make the charge of
language "unbecoming an officer and gentle-
man," or something to that effect, and bring-
ing in this proof under that charge, they have
instituted this proceeding and made law for
the occasion, thus punishing Sawver.
Now, sir, I do not stand hereto defend Saw-
yer. I do not stand here to defend any man
who. while in the naval or military service,
speaks disrespectfully of his superior otficer;
nor do I say that such conduct ought not to be
properly noticed—rebuked or lepreht-mled in
some way--for the purpose of good discipline.
But I do say that to have a pini|.>. a detective,
watching men when they are away from the
navy-yard and engaged merely iu a political
discussion, reporting their words, and then
having a proceeding instituted against the man
who speaks disrespectfully of one branch of
the Government, while the man who speaks
