1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2117
been taken from ine by parties that have no
right, no lawful authority to deprive me of it,
and I appeal to you for the writ of habeas
corpuswas his appeal not made squarely
upon the Constitution of the country ? I should
suppose that in that court he read this provis-
ion of the Constitution when he laid his ap-
plication upon the bench and asked for the
high writ to protect him:
" The trial of all crimes, except in cases of impeach-
ment, shall be by jury, and such trial shall bo held
in the State where the said crimes shall have been
committed; but when not committed within any State
the trial shall bo o.t such place or places as the Con-
gress may by law direct."
When he said to the court, "I have been
arrested; I have been taken on a charge of
publishing improper matter in my newspaper
before a military commission; I ask you to
protect me under this provision of the Consti-
tution which says that if I have committed a
crime I shall be tried by a jury/' how would
any Senator have answered him? When he
took thai position before the circuit court was
he not bringing his case directly within the act
of last year'/ Was he not claiming that his
liberty had been taken from him "in violation
of the Constitution?" The law is, that if he
makes his claim that his liberty is taken from
bitn in violation of any provision of the Con-
stitution of the United States his case shall be
heard. Then, sir, had lie not, to say the least
of it, a reasonable ground to say to the court,
"My liberty is wrongfully withheld from me,
because if 1 am.guilty of a crime I am entitled
to a trial before a jury."
Again, sir, it is possible that he read to the
court this provision of the Constitution:
"In all criminal prosecutions the accused shall
enjoy the li^ht ro a sneedy and public trial by an
impartial jury of the State and district wherein the
crime shall have been committed, which district shall
h.tv'c boon previously ascertained by law; and to be
informed of the nafure and cause of the accusation;
to be confronted with the witnesses against him; to
have compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in
his favor, and to have the assistance of counsel for
his defense."
Reading that, provision of the Constitution,
lie would say to the court, " My petition is
based upon tlie law of 18G7, because I claim
that my liberty is withheld from me in viola-
tion of the Constitution." And now, Senators,
conceding that McCardle did publish libelous
matter in his newspaper ; that because of that
libelous matter lie was liable to punishment
under the laws of Mississippi, is it not plain
that for that crime lie must be tried before a
jury? Will Senators be good enough to refer
to any law of the United States punishing a
man for the publication of libelous matter in
a newspaper? What law has been offended
by McCardle? If he did in unbecoming lan-
guage criticise the policy of Congress; if he did
unfairly and unjustly criticise the conduct of
the military oiiiceis in Mississippi, and did
wrong in this, what was the crime? What
crime, under the laws of the land, did he com-
mit? It cannot be more than a libtl; and for
the publication of a libel by a citizen in a time
of peace the Supreme Court, in plain words,
says that ho shall be tried only according to
the provisions of the Constitution.
Then, sir, McCardle claims that he should
be heard in the Supreme Court of the United
States. A year ago you said this was right;
a year ago yon said exactly as Congress had
said in 1842, that there ought to be an appeal
to the Supreme Court if a man's liberty was
denied him in violation of the Constitution of
the United States. Is it not monstrous, Mr.
President, that you are not now willingto give
that appeal ? The language of the law is pecu-
liar and forcible, that if a man is denied his
liberty in violation of the Constitution he may
go to the Supreme Court to assert that consti-
tutional right. If a foreigner, as you now pro-
pose the law, shall be denied his liberty when
lie claims that it is withheld in violation of
some regulation, authority, or commission
which he receives from a foreign country, con-
sistent with the laws of nations, you say he
shall be heard in the Supreme Court; but, if a
citizen of the State of. Indiana should go into
Mississippi, and, feeling that he was a freeman,
should criticise the conduct of Congress;
should express the opinion, most vehemently,
if you please, that the policy of Congress was
hurtful to the country; and if he should go
further and say that the military officers in
command down there were guilty of cruel and
oppressive conduct to the people; that they
were guilty of partiality ; that they had favored
unfair registration of the voters; that they had
favored illegal voting and frauds at the elec-
tions ; if a citizen had said that, and had
arraigned the military men at the bar of public
opinion for a violation even of your law of
March 2, 18(37, and he should be arrested by
a military officer who took offense at the free-
dom of his language, and should be taken be-
fore a court of whom he knows nothing, he
would be put upon trial for what, sir? For no
crime defined by the law. ITe would be tried
by no mode of proceeding that is defined by
I the law ; punished according to no sanction of
any law; but put upon a trial upon charges
that the commanding officer sees fit to declare
as containing an offense; tried and punished
according to the pleasure of the court. And,
in such a case, that citizen of Indiana, sojourn-
ing for the time being in one of the southern
States, appeals to the Supreme Court for pro-
tection ; he says " I am entitled to my liberty
under the Constitution; if this language of
mine is the violation of any law let me be
tried by a jury;" and when he makes that
case you said a year ago, if the court down
there decided against him and sent him back
to the dungeons of the military prison, he
might still have his appeal to the Supreme
Court of the United States ; and now you take
it away from him. Why?
Mr. President, I take it that the reason
which the Senator from Nevada assigned yes-
terday was hastily assigned by him and that it
is not the true reason ; not the reason upon
which he would wish to stand permanently
upon a question so grave as this. I know that
he would not wish permanently to stand for his
defense upon a question like this on the prop-
osition that one case had overcrowded the
Supreme Court. Ho cannot stand there. It
is impossible. You have to stand somewhere
else. Canyou, Senators, stand upon this prop-
osition, that a man's liberty or a man's life is
of not sufficient importance to give him an
appeal to theliighest court of the land ? Can
you stand upon that ? If after theadjournment
of Congress my business or pleasure should
call me into any of the southern States, and 1
should express myself very freely in regard to
the policy of Congress, as 1 would if I expressed
myself at all; and if I should find any military
ruler there oppressing the people or commit-
ting frauds at elections or stalling the ballot-
boxes, or giving a preference of one class of
voters over another with a view to political
ends, and if my irulignntion should be aroused,
as it ought to be. by such sights, and 1 should
denounce it as a freeman ought to denounce
corruption everywhere, and that military man
should arrest mo and take me before twelve
of his officers that are bound to obey his com-
mand, organized into a military commission
not for the purpose of administering the law,
but for the purpose of convicting and punish-
ing, and I should raise my voice to be heard
in the Supreme Court of the nation, and claim
that it is under the Constitution that I am to be
free, and that it is in violation of the Consti-
tution that my liberty is restrained, would any
Senator say that I ought not to be heard ? If
my speech were ever so intemperate, would you
not say that I should be heard in the Supreme
Court upon the great question of liberty ?
Why," sir, upon liberty it is understood that
a whole nation will involve itself in war. For
the liberty of the citizen, that he shall bo safe
in his rights, that he shall bo safe in his rights
as defined by law, a free people will go to every
length and risk everything. But when I ask
under the Constitution that I shall take my j
ease to the Supremo Court of the United States, i
and your law says I may do it, and then when I
I get it into the Supreme Court you come to the
conclusion that it may bring up some question
of the validity of your legislation, and although
by repealing the law you send me back to°a
military dungeon, you will send me back
rather than allow the high court of the land to
pass upon your legislation! Do you, Senators
expect the people of this country to say that is
right? I say to you they will not do it. In
the hour of passion they may; but they will
come back to the great doctrines of the fathers
that he who is tried, being a citizen, and not
connected with the Army or the Navy, shall
be tried by his peers according to the forms
prescribed by law, and shall be punished ac-
cording to the sanctions of law.
Why is this, Mr. President? Why is it that
you are not willing that the Supreme Court of
j tlie United States shall pass upon the legisla-
tion of last year ? More than one half the peo-
ple of the United Sta,tes deny the constitution-
ality of your legislation ; more than one half
the people of the United States believe it to be
clearly in the face of the Constitution; more
than one half the people deny that you can
establish in one third of this country a military
i despotism. You talk about " all the people of
j the United States!" In the North alone there
. are one million eight hundred thousandvoters
that have expressed their opinion on this sub-
ject. Then, sir, you say you are right, but
you will not let it be tested. That is brave, to
say the least of it! Why, I know I am right.
I The legislation of the 2d of March, 1807, places
! ten States under military government, places
1 eight million white people under a rule un-
known to our Constitution and laws, which es-
tablishes a system of government more odious,
in my judgment, than Austria established over
Hungary when she sent the monster Haynau
there to whip the women in the streets, and you
say that that can be done and you will not let
it go before the Supreme Court!
For what purpose has the Supreme Court
of the United States been established? It is
provided for in the Constitution that the Su-
preme Court shall decide questions that prop-
erly come before it, questions of law. Shall that
court not dccidc questions of constitutional
law? Who is prepared to say that the Su-
preme Court ought not to pass upon the con-
stitutionality of your legislation? It is im-
possible that it should be otherwise. If it be
a court at all, and the case come before it, the
Supreme Court must decide what is the law in
that ease.
Now, Mr. President, let us take the McCar-
dle ease in one other view. That ease is be-
tween McCardle and a military officer. McCar-
dle conies into court and says, " I ought to be
free, because the Constitution of the United
States says I ought to be free." The military
officer comes into the same court and says,
"You ought not to be free, because the Con-
gress of the United States, on the 2d of March,
1807, authorized me to take you into custody
and hold you.'' Does not the question at once
come up: which is light and which wrong?
The one man claims his liberty under the pro-
visions of the Constitution, the other man
claims the right to hold him in custody and in
. servitude under the language of an act of Con-
; gress ; and if that case comes into the circuit
; court of the United States must not the circuit
, court decide which is the law : and if it comes
> to the Supreme Court of the United States
! must not that court decide which is the law?
| They cannot both be the law; that is certain.
| It cannot be that the law of the Constitution is
j in force which says that a man shall bo tried
' by a julTi and another law at the same time in
j ioree which says he may be tried by a military
| commission. They do not both stand at the
, same time. In the nature of things it is not
1 possible, and it is no use to pretend it. The
I truth of the business is that Mr. Thaddeus
: Sru\ exs was right when ho said that of neces-
sity your legislation was outside of the Consti-
tution.
Then, if you take his theory, McCardle
comes into court and says: "I am within the
