1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3141
Mr. PILE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the words " in cities and
towns of less than seventy-five thousand inhab-
itants." If I can get the attention of the com-
mittee for a moment I think I can convince
them that this exception, if madeat&ll, should
be made generally. The same facts and the
same remarks stated by the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Cobum] with regard to street
railroads in small cities and towns apply to
large cities. I know, as a matter of fact, that
in my city not a single street railroad company
has paid one cent of dividend within, the last
three years. The companies have multiplied
their roads and increased the number of their
cars for the accommodation of the public,
until, as I am informed by persons having an
interest in those roads, the gross receipts in
most cases do not equal the expenditures, and
in no case do they exceed the expenditures by
a sufficient amount to enable the company to
pay a dividend upon the stock of the road.
And there is this additional reason for the
extension of this exception to railroad sin large
cities that does not apply to railroads in the
smaller cities. In the larger cities there are a
great many poor people whose friends the
street railroads are: persons who live remote
from their places of labor; common laborers,
who are dependent upon these roads for their
means of transit to' and from the plaee of their
daily toil. These railroads in the large cities
are kept up largely for the accommodation of
the public. And thus far in my city, I know,
these railroads have paid little or no profits to
their owners or proprietors. There are not
those extremes of poverty in the smaller cities
and towns as a general thing, that there are in
the larger cities. There are notin the smaller
towns such large numbers of persons who are
less able to pay their fare upon these roads.
If any class of railroads are to be excepted
from this tax because they are an accommoda-
tion to the poor and to the commoa people,
and because their gross receipts do not exceed
their gross expenditures, I think the exception
should apply to all roads where that fact
obtains, and not be confined simply to the
roads in towns and cities of less than seventy-
five thousand inhabitants. I hope, if this
amendment is to prevail at all, if we are to
except any street railroads from this tax, if we
are to put these railroads upon the same foot-
ing with bridge companies and toll-roads, that
we shall extend the exemption to all of these
street railroads alike.
Mr. BENTON. This is not the first occa-
sion, Mr. Chairman, when, in view of being
subjected to taxation, individuals have sud-
denly become very poor, receiving no profits
from their investments. Now, I do not be-
lieve any such thing, as has been asserted, that
as a general rule these horse railroads, as they
are termed, do not yield any profits. Undoubt-
edly there are exceptions to the general rule.
But as a general thing you find men organizing
themselves into companies and asking for cor-
porate privileges for the very purpose of estab-
lishing these roads in all our cities and large
towns.
Mr. CULLOM. I desire to ask my friend
from New Hampshire [Mr. Bektox] whether
there is any horse railroad in thetowa in which
he resides.
Mr. BENTON. No, sir; I am glad to say
there is not. I think that these horse rail-
roads, instead of being, as claimed, the friend
of all who happen to patronize theiri, are in
many cases their worst enemies.
Mr. PILE. On what ground?
Mr. BISNTON. On the ground that fre-
quently individuals, instead of walking as they
might do", crawl into the horse cars to ride
twenty, thirty, and forty rods. It tas> become
so fashionable to ride in the ears that every-
body must ride whether there is any necessity
for it or not.
Mr. PILE. I am very certain that the poor
people of our cities do not agree with the gen-
tleman. ,
Mr. GEISWOLD. I would lik«the gentle-
man from New Hampshire to give me, if he is
able, the names of three horse railroads that,
have paid dividends within the last two years.
Mr. BENTON. The gentleman asks me
a question with regard to the business of these
companies, in reference to which he must know
I am not particularly informed.
Mr. GR1SWOLD. The gentleman was giv-
ing facts, and I supposed he was conversant
with the subject. I asked for information.
Mr. BENTON. I can mention the Penn-
sylvania avenue railroad in this city, and the
railroads in the city of New Yok.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Thegentleman is entirely
wrong there.
Mr. BENTON. Unless the facts are much
misrepresented the railroads in the city of
New York are not only making money, but,
being taxed one eighth of a cent on their fares,
they imposed an additional charge of one cent
on their customers, thus taking the tax, in-
creased sevenfold, out of the pockets of the
people. I also understand that in the city of Bos-
ton enormous profits have been made by these
horse railroad companies, much larger profits
than those of the regular railroads. If these
roads are not profitable, I ask again, why is it
that in our large towns you find men rushing to
invest their capital in this business and estab-
lish new lines?
Mr. MAYNARD. Does not the gentleman
know that we have been told here 011 the very
best authority that the banks are in a languish-
ing condition ?
Mr. BENTON. I know that.
Mr. MAYNARD. And the patent medicine
business has been represented to be in a lan-
guishing condition.
Mr. BENTON. Certainly.
Mr. MAYNARD. And the case has been
the same with almost every other interest that
has thus far come up for consideration. Does
the gentleman expect the railroads to be in
any more flourishing condition than these
other interests?
Mr. BENTON. Not until after these taxes
are settled upon. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I sup-
pose the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. May-
nard] considers a bank to be in a "languishing
condition" when it pays a semi-annual divi-
dend of only twenty per cent. [Laughter.]
Mr. LYNCH. Does not the gentleman from
New Hampshire also know that the hotels at
the White mountains are in a languishing con-
dition? [Laughter.]
Mr. BENTON. Not by any means. They
are, I am happy to inform the gentleman, in a
very flourishing condition.
The question being taken on Mr. Pile's
amendment to the amendment, there were—
ayes 37, noes 35 ; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Messrs. Pile and Ben-
ton.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 50, noes 47.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The question recurred 011 Mr. Cobubx's
amendment as amended.
Mr. ELA. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding:
Provided, That all railroads, steamboats, trans-
portation companies or individuals who do a losing
business shall bo relieved from all internal revenue
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must
reduce his amendment to writing, and send it
to the Clerk's desk, before it can be enter-
tained.
The question being taken on Mr. Coburx's
amendment as amended, there were—ayes 37,
noes 38; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Messrs. Allisox and
Judd.
_ The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes fifty, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. I mere to
amend the section by striking out, in the twenty-
third line, the word "two" and inserting
"six so as to make the clause read :
Provided, That no tux under the provisions of this
section shall be assessed upon any person, firm, com-
pany, or corporation whoso gross receipts do not
exceed $6,000 per annum, &c.
Mr. Chairman, the object of the committee
seems to be to protect the smaller class of
roads, turnpike companies, &c., and while we
recognize this principle it seems to me but fair
and just that we should extend this exemption
at least to companies whose gross receipts do
not exceed $6,000. If there are any roads in
which every section of the country is interested
it is these little turnpikes that barely pay ex-
penses. ' Where they collect from two to four
thousand dollars, under the section as it stands,
we tax the entire sum. In many parts of the
country these turnpike companies are in a lan-
guishing condition, and have paid nothing to
the stockholders. In my own State I do not
believe there is a turnpike company that pays
a single cent. Every one in the country is
interested in keeping up these turnpike com-
panies, and in having others built where the
interests of the country demand them. I think,
therefore, that a tax upon these roads is really
a tax upon the people. I hope the chairman ot
the Committee of Ways and Means will consent
to this exemption of $6,000 instead of $2,000.
The entire country is interested in it. There
is 110 one who invests in turnpike companies
who expects to make anything out of them.
This tax of two and two and one half per cent,
deprives them of all hope of making anything
out of their investments. My amendment will
also relieve the little street railroads whose
incomes do not amount to the amount I have
fixed. It will also relieve small ferries, which
the people of the country are interested in
keeping up. I hope the amendment will be
adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, 1 do not
know whether it is likely to meet with success
that any one should endeavor to oppose the
railroad interest in this House. I am rapidly
coming to the conclusion at which my friend
from Tennessee [Mr. Maynaiid] has arrived,
that every interest of the country, and espe-
cially of corporations, must be in a languishing
and sinking condition. The moment you touch
one of them you hear nothing but embarrass-
ments, losses, and the impossibility of making
profits. We have heretofore heard from our
friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] of
"the poor man's light," and from my friend
from Michigan [Mr. Ferry] of "the poor
man's lumber." The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Baiines] told us about " the poor
man's medicines," which, in my judgment, are
composed of two ingredients, half poison and
half profit. [Laughter.] In their sympathetic
souls they have no other desire than to help
the poor man. No one thinks or seems to
have any idea that the stockholders are men
who desire to make money at all, or that they
are at all concerned in being relieved from this
tax. Let us see whether this sympathetic
feeling is entirely for the poor man. Let us
try these sLreet railroads. With great inge-
nuity they succeeded a few years ago, and with
greater ingenuity they succeeded in getting
upon the statute-book a provision  
Mr. STEVENS, of New Hampshire. Is the
subject of street railroads now in order ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. SCHENCK. These street railroads
managed to get upon the statute-book a pro-
vision, when they were charged two and a half
per cent., which on their fare is one eighth of
one cent, to charge an additional cent upon
their fare against the people, and thus get seven
eighths upon every passenger by reason of pay-
ing taxes; that is, they make money out ot
taxation. Now, sir, not satisfied with making
money out of the tax, they wish to begin at
the other end of the string, and take the tax
off altogether. ,
Mr. PILE. I wish to say that so far as the
street railroads of St. Louis ard concerned
