THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Question. But in good humor ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Joking ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Do you recollect any of the jokes
that passed ?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Then who first commenced the
serious conversation in Schriver's room?
Answer. Mr. Stanton, I think, asked this
question.
Question. When the question was answered,
as I understand, Mr. Stanton desired you to
remember it?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. And then immediately you left
the room ?
Answer. Very shortly after.
Question. Do you recollect anything said
between them except that before you left the
room ?
Answer. No, sir; I do not.
Question. Did you get back to Mr. Stanton's
room, or only into the ante-chamber or hall,
and then return ?
Answer. I had got back to Mr. Stanton's
room, I think, or to the door.
Question. What then induced you to return
to General Schriver's room?
Answer. I found there was some question
asked there then that I thought was important,
and I paid some attention to that, and I then
went to hear what that was; and then Mr.
Stanton told me that he wanted mo to take
notice of that.
Question. That was as to the mails of the
Department?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Anything farther?
Answer. Yes, sir; what I read. There was,
in addition to the mails of the Department, a
statement that he was there as Secretary of
War.
Question. After that did you remain any
longer in Schriver's room ?
Answer. No, sir; I think not.
Question. Who came out first, Mr. Stanton
or yourself?
Answer. I came out first and left Mr. Stan-
ton there.
Question. How long did Mr. Stanton remain
there after you left?
Answer. I think a very short time, for I
left about that time to go to the Capitol. It
was then getting on toward twelve o'clock ;
and I left, and 1 know I did not get to the
Capitol till after twelve o'clock.
Question. Did all the company then leave?
Answer. Most of them left. I think the
members of the House all left.
Question. Who stayed?
Answer. I do not remember who stayed.
There were a number of gentlemen there,
though.
Question. Who do you recollect was there,
besides members of the House?
Answer. I cannot call to mind now or give
the name of a gentleman that was there, but I
know there wore others.
Question. Were any other gentlemen there
except the regular clerks of the Department at,
that time ?
Answer. Yes, sir; others than clerks of the
Department.
Question. Were they military men or civil-
ians?
Answer. During some part of the morning
there was a^ military man there. I believe
during the time I was there 1 saw General
Grant there.
Question. At what time was he there? |
Ansicer. I think it was during that morning ; i
but 1 am not certain. I have been there a '
good many times, and I have seen him thereat
different times.
Question. Was he there during either of these
conversations that you have mentioned?
Answer. No, sir ; he was not present at the
conversations.
Question. Was it before or after the conver-
sations that General Grant came in?
Answer. I have stated that I was not distinct
about the time, nor certain whether it was that
morning or at another, but I rather think he
was there during that morning.
Question. Do you recollect any observation
on the part of General Thomas to the effect
that he wished no unpleasantness?
Ansieer. I do not think I recollect his using
that term.
Question. Anything like it ?
Answer. No, sir; I do not.
Question. Did there appear to be any un-
pleasantness ?
Answer. There did not; General Thomas
wanted to get in, I thought, and Mr. Stanton
did not want to go out.
Question. But there was nothing offensive
on either side?
Answer. There was nothing very belliger-
ent on either side.
Question. Was there any joking in Mr. Stan-
ton's room as well as in Schriver's room?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Any occasion for a laugh ?
Answer. Itwas more stern in Mr. Stanton's
room, as he once or twice ordered General
Thomas to go to his room as a subordinate.
Question. That was the only thing that looked
like sternness?
Answer. That was rather stern, I thought.
Reexamined by Mr. Manager Butler :
Question. The counsel for the President
asked you if General Thomas was armed on
that occasion: will you allow me to ask if on
that occasion he was masked?
Answer. He was not, sir.
Hon. Walter A. Burleigh sworn and ex-
amined.
By Mr. Manager Butler :
Question. What is your name and position?
Answer. My name is Walter A. Burleigh.
At present I am a Delegate from Dakota Ter-
ritory in the lower House of Congress.
Question. Do you know Lorenzo Thomas,
Adjutant General of the Army?
Answer. I do, sir.
Question. How long have you known him?
Ansicer. For several years; I cannot say
how many.
Question. Have you been on terms of inti-
macy with him ?
Answer. I have been.
Question. He visiting your house, and you
his?
Ansieer. Yes, sir.
Question. I)o you remember an occasion
when you had some conversation with Mr.
Moorhead about visiting Mr. Stanton's office ?
Do you remember that you had such a conver-
sation?
Answer. I recollect going to the Secretary
of War with Mr. Moorhead on the morning of
the 22d of February last, I think.
Question. Had you on the evening before
seen General Thomas?
Answer. I had.
Question. Where?
Answer. At his house.
Question. What time in the evening?
Answer. In the early part of the evening ; I
cannot name precisely the hour.
Question. Had you a conversation with him?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Mr. STANBEKY. Wait a moment, if you
please. What is the relevancy of that to this
mqniry? I understand this is about a conver-
sation of this witness with General Thomas.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. The object is to
show the intent and purpose with which Gen-
eralThomaswent to the War Department on the I
morning of the 22d of February; that he went
with the intent and purpose of taking posses-
sion by force; that he alleged that intent and
purpose; that in consequence of that allegation
Mr. Burleigh invited General Moorhead
and went up to the War Office. The conver-
sation which I expect to prove is this: after
the President of the United States had ap- ii
pointed General Thomas and given him direc- j:
tions to take the War Office, and after he had !
made a quiet, -visit there on the 21st, on the
evening of the 21st he told Mr. Burleigh that
the next day lie was going to' take possesion
by force. Mr. Burleigh said to him 
Mr. STANBERY. _ No matter about that.
We object to that testimony.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. You do not know
what you object to if you do not hear what I
offer.
Mr. STANBEEY. We object to it.
Mr. CURTIS. We know sufficiently forthe
purpose of the objection.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
thinks the testimony is competent, and it will
be heard unless the Senate think otherwise.
Mr. DRAKE. I suppose, sir, that the ques-
tion of the competency of evidence in this
court is a matter to be determined by the Sen-
ate and not by the presiding officer of the
court. The question should be submitted, I
think, sir, to the Senate. I take exception to
the presiding officer of the court undertaking
to decide a point of that kind.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
is of opinion that it is his duty to decide pre-
liminarily upon objections to evidence, li^he
is incorrect in that opinion it will be for the
Senate to correct him.
Mr. DRAKE. I appeal, sir, from the de-
cision of the Chair, and demand a vote of the
Senate upon the question.
Mr. FOWLER. Mr. Chief Justice, I beg
to know what your decision is?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
states to the Senate that in his judgment it is
his duty to decide upon questions of evidence
in the first instance, and that if any Senator
desires that the question shall then be sub-
mitted to the Senate it is his duty to submit
it. So far as he is aware, that has been the
usual course of practice in trials of persons
impeached in the House of Lords ana in the
Senate of the United States.
Mr. DRAKE. My position, Mr. President,
is that there is nothing in the rules of this Sen-
ate sitting upon the trial of an impeachment
which gives that authority to the Chief Justice
presiding over the body.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is out of
order.
Mr. JOHNSON. I call the honorable mem-
ber from Missouri [Mr. Drake] to order.
The question is not debatable in the Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. I am not debating it; I am
stating my point of order.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator will
come to order.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. If the President
please, is not this question debatable?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. It is debatable by
the Managers and counsel forthe defendant;
not by Senators.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. We have the
honor, Mr. President and gentlemen of ■the
Senate, to object to the ruling just attempted
to be made by the presiding officer of the
Senate ; and, with the utmost submission, but
with an equal degree of firmness, we must
insist upon our objection, because, otherwise,
it would always put the Managers in the con-
dition, when the ruling was against them, of
appealing to the Senate as a parliamentary
body against the ruling of the Chair.- We
have been too long in parliamentary and other
bodies not to know how much disadvantage
it is to be put in that position—the position,
whether real or apparent, of appealing from
the ruling of tliepresiding officer of the Senate.
We are very glad that this question has come
up upon a ruling of the presiding officer
which is in our favor, so that we do not appear
to be invidious in making the objection.
Although it has fallen from the presiding
officer that he understands that all the prece-
dents are in the direction of his intimation of
opinion, yet, if we understand the position
taken, the precedents are not in support of
that position. Lest I should have the misfor-
tune to misstate the position of the presiding
officer of the Senate, I will state it as I under-
stand it, subject to his correction.
