10$4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
tion thereof the communication, with the ac-
companying papers, was ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
And then, on motion of Mr. SPALDING*
(at four o'clock and fifty-five minutes.) the
House adjourned. ^
petitions,- etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to, the appropriate
committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of J. S.
Reid, of Louisville, Mississippi, praying that
Harrison Hughes, a freedman, may be allowed
to distill Spirituous liquors free' of internal rev-
enue tax.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Jane Preston, of
Lucan, Canada West, for relief.
By Mr. BALDWIN: The petition of C. S.
Sumner and others, ofMilford, Massachusetts;
and also of Charles Fales and others, of Brook-
field, Massachusetts, for a reduction of the tax
on manufactures.
By Mr. BARNES: The petition of citizens
of Brooklyn, New York, to grant pensions to
the soldiers of 1812.
By Mr. COVODE: The petition of Eliza M.
Dawson, praying compensation for supplies
furnished the United States armies under -Lieu-
tenant General Grant iu 1862.
By Mr. CULLOM: Papers in relation to the
claim of May Sullivan against the Government.
By Mr. DODGE: The petition of citizens
of Sidney and Plum Hollow, Fremont county,
Iowa, praying for a post route from Sidney to
Plum Hollow and Bartletts, on Chicago, Bur-
lington, and St. Joseph railroad, Iowa.
By Mr. ELIOT: The petition of Lorenzo
Pierce and another, for registration of British
bark Ocean Steed as an American vessel.
By Mr. FERRISS: The petition of citizens
of Clihton county, New York, for pension or
bounty to Joseph B. Rodden.
By Mr. HOPKINS: A memorial of Mar-
garet W. Robinson, for additional pension.
By Mr. KELSEY: The petition of Howland
Hemphill, for relief.
By Mr. LYNCH: A memorial of Cleve-
land convention, proposing a plan for change
of internal revenue taxes.
Also, a memorial asking change in mode of
appointments to office.
Also, a memorial of New England conven-
tion of manufacturers, asking a revision of the
revenue laws.
By Mr. STOKES: The petitions of Mrs.
Elizabeth Nelson and others, of East Tennes-
see, for back pay, &c.
Also, the petition of John B. Riggs, for pay
as a second lieutenant,
Also, papers in the matter of H. A. White,
late captain company C, third North Carolina
mounted infantry.
Also, papers in the matter of George C.
Haynie.
By Mr. VAN TRUMP: The petition of
Samuel Haninger and 120 others, of all par-
ties, of Ross county, Ohio, praying Congress
to pass an act to authorize the issuing a suffi-
cient amount of legal-tender notes to pay the
bonds of the United States notes, having due
reference to the question of not producing an
over-expansion ot' the circulating medium.
By Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois: The
petition of Alonzo V. Richards, late second
lieutenant signal corps, United States Army,
for back pay.
By Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania: The
petition and documents of Henry L. Schutt,
of Butler county, Pennsylvania, asking for a
pension.
By Mr. WILSON, of Iowa: The petition of
the adjutant generals of Maine, New Hamp-
shire, V'ermont, Massachusetts, Rhode Island,
Coiinecrieut, New York, New Jersey, Penn-
>wrnnia. Ohio, Michigan, Kentucky, West "Vir-
gin::!, Indiana, Illinois,Wisconsin, Iowa, Min-
nesota, Missouri, and Kansas, for additional
compensation.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 11, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. William Bausi, D. D., of
New York.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Jour-
nal of yesterday's proceedings, but before
concluding—
Mr. CONNESS. If there be no objection I
hope that we shall dispense with the reading
of the Journal, at this period particularly,
when time is so valuable; and I make that
motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from California moves that the reading of
the residue of the Journal be dispensed with.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made it must be read.
The Secretary resumed and concluded the
reading of the Journal.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of the
United States, transmitting a report from the
Attorney General, prepared in compliance with
the resolution of the Senate of the 30tli ultimo,
requesting information as to the number of jus-
tices of the peace now in commission in each
ward, respectively, of the city of Washington;
which was referred to the Committee on the
District ot Columbia.
He also laid before the Senate a report of
the Secretary of War, communicating, in obe-
dience to law, a statement of contracts made
by the quartermaster's department during the
month of January, 1868; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
He also laid before the Senate a report of
the Secretary of the Treasury, communicating,
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate
of the 3d instant,, information in relation to
the amount of rent paid for public stores in
the city of New York, and in relation to other
locations for customs warehouses in that city;
which was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance, and ordered to be printed.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
memorial of theboard of trustees of the Protest-
ant University of the United States, praying a
grant of lands for the endowment of that uni-
versity ; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Ohio, praying a change in the mode of appoint-
ments and removals, and in the qualifications
of officers who are selected to execute the laws
for the collection or for the disbursement of-the
moneys belonging to the United States ; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of New Mexico,
in favor of such an amendment of the organic
law of the Territory as will allow the Legislative
Assembly of the Territory to enact laws by a
two-thirds vote of both branches thereof, not-
withstanding a veto of the Territorial Governor;
which was referred to the Committee on Ter-
ritories.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of New Mexico,
in favor of an additional appropriation for the
completion of the capitol building in that Ter-
ritory; which was referred to the Committee
on Territories.
He also presented resolutions of the consti-
tutional convention of Mississippi, in favor of
an appropriation of so much of the tax levied
upon cotton for the year 1867 as will enable,the !
Freedmen's Bureau to supply the actual wants !
of citizens without respect to color; which were
referred to the Committee on Finance. |
He also presented resolutions of the const,i- j
tutional convention of Georgia, in favor of an !
appropriation of $80,000,000 by the Govern- !
ment, to be loaned under proper regulations, '
to aid in developing the agricultural interest of i
needy southern planters; which were referred
to the Committee on Finance.
He also laid before the Senate resolutions
of the Legislature of Ohio in favor of the repeal
of the tax on cotton ; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. WILSON presented the following peti-
tions and memorials, praying the removal of
the civil disabilities imposed upon the petition-
ers and memorialists by acts of Congress, and
they were referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary:
The petition of Hilliard J. J ones, of Houston
county, Texas;
The petition of Matthew W. Locke, of Ark-
ansas ;
The memorial of John A. Letton, of New
Orleans;
The petition of Joseph A. Corbell, of Arkan-
sas ; and
The petition of George C. Organi, of Vir-
ginia.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Mississippi, praying the removal of the civil
disabilities imposed upon W. G. Vaughn, a
citizen of that State, by acts of Congress; whieh
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have received, and
been requested to present to the Senate, a peti-
tion signed by JohnS. Bailey, of Macomb, Illi-
nois, and a number of others, many of them
members of the bar, setting forth that the dis-
trict of country known as the military tract in
the State of Illinois, embraces about half a mil-
lion of people, and that there is a great deal of
litigation in that part of the State which prop-
erly is carried on in the United States courts ;
and that the costs and expenses of this litiga-
tion would be greatly reduced if the terms of
the southern district court of Illinois were held
at the city of Quincy, in th^t State, or if a new
district were established for that portion of the
State of Illinois. I move its reference to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. NORTON presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Minnesota, in favor of removing
the Indian tribes now occupying the country
lying between the forks of the Cheyenne river,
Dakota Territory, to some other locality, and
that that region may be made available to the
needs of the white man ; which was referred to
the Committee on Territories.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, in relation to the protec-
tion of American citizens in foreign countries;
which were referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, in favor of granting aid
in the construction of the Northern Paciti<s*ail-
road ; which was referred to the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad.
_ Mr. GRIMES presented the petition of Cin-
einnatus W. Harper and Clarence C. Harper,
heirs-at-law of John W. Harper, deceased,
praying compensation for the use and occupa-
tion ot their land in the countv of Norfolk,
Virginia, by the United States fo'r hospital and
navy-yard purposes ; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
He aiso presented a petition of citizens of
Iowa, praying that a pension be granted to
Orson Young, of Burlington, Iowa, for mili-
tary service rendered to the Government; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DAVIS presented additional papers in
i elation to the claim of Robert Gibson for com-
pensation for the use and occupancy of his farm
by United Slates troops and for the destruc-
tion of property thereon ; which were referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. 1IIA1ER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Nebraska residing in the Platte val-
Paying that the lauds along the line of
tne Union Pacific railroad may be restored to
market and subjected to the homestead and
preemption laws, and also that a homestead
on those lands may embrace one hundred and
sixty acres instead of eighty acres, and that
