3142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13;
they have not added' on an additional cent,
r ive cents is the standing fare upon every street
railroad in the city of St. Louis.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hold in my hand a
perfect wail from these street railroads. It is
from two excellent gentlemen whom I know.
They show by statistics in what a ruinous con-
dition the street railroads are. None of them
had made dividends or could make dividends
in New York. When asked abruptly what the
stock was selling for, they admitted it stood at
150 or 100, or at some high premium. They
said that was the result of dealings in real
estate which we had no right to take notice of.
Well, that may be so ; I dare say it is; but
my impression is that when the organized
aggregations of capital can be used so that the
stock which represents that capital in the
hands of the holders is kept above bar, so as
to make it a good investment, they are not
suffering to the extent to which they claim.
And yet now that we come upon this subject
of railroads I find we have waked up a very
large feeling of sympathy—to call it by no
stronger name—in this House, and that we
can hardly do too much for these railroads.
We were thought to be acting fairly toward
them when we did not propose to increase
their tax at all, while in regard to many other
taxes there has been a process of equalization
and increase. Yet these large corporations—
I speak of railroads generally-*—which now pay
two and a half per cent., if the amendment
made to-day becomes a part of the law will
pay only two per cent. And I believe one
gentlemen thought if he could only get the
floor he could bring it down to one per cent.,
such deep sympathy was there in this House
for these suffering railroads. All I desire to
say is, that while we do not ask to put a heavier
burden on them at all than they have had here-
tofore, we shall hesitate for some time about
coming to the belief that these corporations
have suffered or are suffering so that we can-
not at least keep up in some degree the pres-
ent contributions which we require of them
for the purpose of sustaining the Govern-
ment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JUi)D. I move, as an additional amend-
ment, to strike out "six" and insert "live." I
have listened with a great deal of interest to the
lecture of the honorable chairman of the com-
mittee, [Mr. Schenck.] It is generally pleasant
to the House, and perhaps it is very well ad-
vised ; but it seems to me that lie is urging
now upon this committee a principle which has
not a basis of reason. The principle upon
which all taxation is based, and upon which
this bill is based, is that property should pay
it, and that the revenues derived from prop-
erty should bear their proportion for the sup-
port of the government. I do not believe the
chairman of the committee would say that he
intended by this bill, or any portion of it, to
tax a man who is losing money, or to tax a
man upon property that does not return him
any sort of income, but the theory of taxation
is that you take it from the man that earns
more than his daily bread; you take from his
excess and give it to the support of the Gov-
ernment. Now, sir, there is no reason why,
when honorable members on this floor assert
as wtthin their personal knowledge that a cer-
tain branch of industry which is absolutely
necessary to the existence of the people in a
certain portion of the country is a losing busi-
ness, that the stockholders derive nothing from
it, and that it is kept in existence for the benefit
of the masses of the people, any one should
turn round and say that those gentlemen are
advocating a special interest in this country.
Mr. BENTON. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask if it is not very easy under the pro-
posed amendment so to expend their income
as to have none left over improvements and
repairs ?
Mr. JUDD. Allow me to ask the gentle-
man what is the population of his town?
Mr. BENTON. About five hundred voters.
Mr." JUDD. In answer to the gentleman I
will say that it is possible for any corporation
to waste or absorb all its earnings in improve-
ments, if you please; to put them in some
form that they shall represent other than
profits; but I tell you, when they undertake to
expend all their money, their income account
shows perfectly well whether they make profits
or not. And there is no device by which they
can increase their capital or otherwise which
the tax-gatherer will not be able to reach.
Sir, I have seen cars in my State loaded down
with workmen who could not live within the
thickly-inhabited portion of the city, coming
to their daily labor. I know some of these
roads that have been carrying these passengers
during the last two years for less than cost. I
tell the gentleman from New Hampshire if he
will go to any of the large cities where these
railroads are in use he will find it is not the
company—although they may have entered
upon the enterprise for profit—but the people
that are benefited.
Mr. BENTON. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. JUDD. Yes, sir.
Mr. BENTON. I would like to know at
what kind of business those laborers can earn
as much money as they could save by walking
instead of paying car fare ?
Mr. JUDD. 1 say that the laborer who
commences his work at seven o'clock in the
morning, being compelled to get his breakfast
first, and who would have to walk six miles to
his place of work, needs this method of trans-
portation. And after his day's labor is ended,
when he has toiled eight or ten hours as hard
as he can for the support of his family, my
friend from New Hampshire would have him,
before he takes his frugal evening meal, repeat
that walk of six miles. I tell you this is a tax
which we do not propose to impose on the
laboring men of our region.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON. I oppose the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. JUDD. I withdraw it.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of closing debate on this
section.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. Before that is done I
wish to offer an amendment.
Mr. ALLISON. Amendments will still be
in order.
Mr. IN GERSOLL. But I want to debate it.
'The question was taken on Mr. Allison's
motion ; and the committee refused to rise.
Mr. KOONTZ. I move to amend 'the
amendmentbystrikingout "six" and inserting
"seven.'' There are many persons throughout
the country engaged in carrying passengers who
are contractors upon small post routes. They
engage in the business, not so much because it
is remunerative, but in order to accommodate
the wants of the public. It is well known that
these mail contracts are awarded to the lowest
bidders, and I think it unfair to those parties
who have taken the contracts at the lowest
price, and who are compelled by public neces-
sity to carry passengers, that they should be
taxed. I withdraw my amendment to the
amendment.
The question recurred on the amendment
proposed by Mr. Trimble, of Kentucky.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire, with a view
of testing the principle involved in this sec-
tion, to move to strike out "two and one
half," in line three, and insert "seven and
in line four to strike out " gross" and insert
the word " net" in lieu thereof.
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment is not
in order until the amendment ofthe gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Trimble] shall have been
disposed of.
The question was taken on Mr. Trimble's
amendment, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. HIGBY. I move to amend the section
by striking out in lines six and seven the
words "and stage coach or other vehicle,
except hacks or carriages not running on con-
tinuous routes." Mr. Chairman, I venture
the assertion that there is no State in the Uniou
that pays so much tax upon vehicles of this
kind as the State of .California; and I venture:
the assertion that with the exception of the
other States on the Pacific slope and the Ter-
ritories, there is no portion of tfae Union where
the expense of travel is so great as it is there,
not because they charge extravagant prices,
but because our methods of conveyance are far '
more expensive than they are here in the East.
Now, with this tax added on—I do not mean
to say that that is the only cause, but with this
tax added on the burden has become so great
that in many instances it has broken up our:
stage routes, and the means of travel from point-
to point have been taken awayfrom thepeople.,
I will give an instance of the difference of ex-
pense in different modes of travel. In going
from Sacramento to my own town, I pay for the
first forty miles in the cars $2 50; and then for
the thirty miles in the stage I pay $4 50. I go
the forty miles in two hours, and it takes seven
hours to go the thirty miles. This illustrates
the difference between railroad travel and
travel by stage in the larger portion of the
country.
A gentleman near me says, "Gro afoot."
I have heard of walking lines of stages, but I
am not in the habit of walking so far. Sir,
the more money we have to pay for traveling
on these stage-coach lines in California per
hundred miles the more tax we have to pay,
for of course the passengers have to pay this
tax. It has been said here by gentlemen that
street railroads do not pay, and yet they have
to pay this tax. They continue to. pay it pos-
sibly because they are not so easily broken up
and the amount invested in them cannot so
conveniently be put in other business. But a
stage route can be very easily broken up.
A friend near me [Mr. Starkweather] calls
my attention to the fact that of the tax de-
rived from this source last year California
alone paid the sum of $45,569 64. That tax
is paid upon routes where it costs four and five
times the amount to travel a hundred miles
that it does on any railroad in the eastern
States, and those routes pay four and five times
the tax that is paid for the same distance and
amount of travel in the East. It makes an
extremely grievous burden upon the people of
a State who can travel in no jOther way than
upon those stages. Sin effort was made in the
Thirty-Ninth Congress to keep this tax out of
the law, and some of the members of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means were in favor of
omitting it. But a majority of the committee
held that it should be retained, and it was put
in. I think this is one of the burdens from
which the people should be relieved. I am
not speaking in behalf of the owners and capi-
talists interested in stage lines, but of the mass
of the people who are compelled to travel in
this way and can travel in no other; and be-
cause the expense of traveling in my State is
so extremely high in comparison with the ex-
pense of traveling in the East.
Mr. SCHENCK. It. is very natural, I sup-
pose, that we should all look at this subject
from the point of view in which it necessarily
presents itself in the State or locality we repre-
sent. The gentleman from California [Mr.
IIigby] objects to taxing these lines of stage-
coaches, and moves to strike out the provision
imposing the tax, so as to put them upon a
different footing, as it were, from that occupied
by lines of railroads. And what is the reason
he assigns for his opposition ? That this tax
operates unequally upon different parts of the
country.
The whole amount of revenue received last
year from the tax on the gross receipts of stage-
coaches, carriages, and vehicles upon contin-
uous routes, was about two hundred and forty-
oue thousand dollars. The gentleman says
that he finds that of that amount $45,000 was
collected in California alone. Why is that ?
Because in California they are running stage-
coaches, while in other parts of the country
they are running railroads.
I suppose the tax on bullion in California^
many times the amount of tax .upon bullion in
