60
SUPPLEMENT TO
I understand tho position to be that pri-
marily, as a judge in court would have the right
to do, the presiding officer of the Senate claims
the right to rule a question of law, and then if
any member of the court chooses to object, it
must be done in the nature of an appeal, as
taken by one Senator just now. If I am incor-
rect in my statement of the position of tlie pre-
siding officer I beg to be corrected.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
will state the rule which he conceives to be
applicable, once more. In this body he is the
presiding officer; he is so in virtue of his high
office under the Constitution. He is Chief
Justice of the United States, and therefore,
when the President of the United States is
tried by the Senate, it is his duty to preside in
that body; and, as he understands, he is there-
fore the President of the Senate sitting as a
court of impeachment. The rule of the Sen-
ate which applies to this question is the seventh
rule, which declares that "the presiding officer
may, in the first instance, submit to the Senate,
without a division, all questions of evidence
and incidental questions." He is not required
by that rule so to submit those questions in the
firSt instance; but for the dispatch of business,
as is usual in the Supreme Court, lie expresses
his opinion in the first instance. If the Senate
who constitute the court, or any member of
it, desires the opinion of the Senate to be taken,-
it is his duty then to ask for the opinion of the
court.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. May I respect-
fully inquire whether that'would extend to a
Manager; whether a Manager would have the
right to -ask that a question of law should be
submitted to the Senate?
The CHfEF J USTICE. The Chief Justice
thinks not. It must be by the action of the
court or a member of it.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Then this matter
becomes of very important and momentous
substance, because the presiding officer, who
is not a member of the court, who has no vote
in the court, as we understand it, except pos-
sibly upon a question of equal division, gives
a decision on a question of law, it may be of
the first importance, which, if made, precludes
the House of Representatives from asking
even that the Senate, who are the tiiers, shall
pass upon it. Therefore if this is to be adopted
as a rule our hands are tied ; and it was in
order to get the exact rule that I have asked
the presiding officer of the Senate to state,
as lie has kindly and fully stated, his exact
position.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Mr. Manager, the
Chief Justice has no doubt of the right of the
honorable Managers to propose any question
t,hcy see fit to the Senate, but it is for the
Senate itself to determine how a question shall
be taken.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I understand the
distinction. It is a plain one. The Managers
mav propose a question to the Senate, and the
Chief Justice decides it, and ive then cannot
got the question we propose before the Senate
unless through the courtesy of some Senator.
I think I state the position with accuracy ; and
it is the one to which we object. I again say,
respectfully as we ought, but firmly, as we
must.
Now, how are the precedents upon this ques-
tion? Sorry I am to be obliged to deny the
position taken by the presiding officer of the
Senate, that the precedents in this country and
England are with him. I understand that this
question, as a question of precedents in Eng-
land, has been settled many, many years, hun-
dreds of years. Not expecting that it would
arise here. I have not at hand at this moment
all the hooks to which I could refer, but I can
give a leading case where this question arose.
If I am not mistaken, it arose in the trial of
Lord Strafford, in the thirty-second year of
the reign of Charles IT. The House of Lords
hail a rule prior to the trial of Strafford, by
which the Commons were bound to address
the lord high steward as his grace or " my
lord," precisely as the counsel for the re-
spondent seem to think themselves obliged to
address the presiding officer of this body
as "Mr. Chief .Justice." When the prelimi-
naries of the trial of Strafford and the other
popish lords were settled, the Commons ob-
jected that, as apartof the Parliamentof Great
Britain, they ought not to be called upon through
their managers to address any individual what-
ever, and that their address should be made to
the Lords in Parliament. A committee of
conference between the Commons and Peers
was thereupon had, and the rule previously
adopted in the House of Lords was, after much
consideration, rescinded, and a rule was re-
ported and adopted in that trial, and it has
obtained ever since in all other trials. The
result of the conference is stated in this way :
" (In til o 29th of Xovembcr, 1630, it is agreed at the
joint committee, upon the objection made by the
Commons to oneof the rules laid down by the Lords,
viz: ' That when the Commons should ask any ques-
tions at the trial they should apply themselves to
the lord steward, that the managers should speak
to the Lords as a House, and say 'my lords,' and
not to the lord high steward, and say 'my lord' or
'your grace'.'"
A reason being given that the lord high
Steward was not a necessary part of the court,
but only as Speaker of the House of Lords,
and the Lords themselves were the only body
of triers. When Lord Strafford came to the
bar the Lords, conlortnably to this doctrine,
on the 29th of November, 1080, order—■
"That tlicLord Strafford shall bo directed to apply
himself to tho Lords, and not to the lord high stew-
ard. as often as lie shall have occasion to speak at his
trial."
And from that day to the latest trial in Par-
liament, which is the Earl of Cardigan ease in
1K41, the rule has been followed. Earl Car-
digan being tried in the House of fjords, Lord
Chief J ustice Denman presided upon that trial,
and in that case, as in all the others, the body
was universally addressed by counsel on all
sides, by prisoner, by managers, by everybody,
as " my lords," so that there should be no recog-
nition of any superior right in the presiding
officer over any other member of the assembly.
Nor need I upon this matter of precedents
stop here. In more than these cases this ques-
tion his arisen. In Lord Macclesfield's case
in 1724, if I remember aright, the point arose
whether the presiding officer should decide an
incidental question upon the trial; but in every
case Lord Chief Justice King referred all ques-
tions wholly to the Lords, saying to the Lords
"You may decide as you please."
Again, when Lord Erskine presided on the
trial of Lord Melville, which was a trial early
in the century, conducted with as much care,
regard, forms, and with the utmost preserva-
tion of decency and order of the proceedings,
the question was put to him whether be ruled
points of law, and he expressly disclaimed that
power; saying in substance, on every ruling
of an incidental question, " Unless any noble
lord should think that this matter should be
further considered in the Chamber of Parlia-
ment, 1 will give my opinion," thereby always
submitting the question to the lords in the first
instance.
Again, in Lord Cardigan's case, to which I
have just referred, when a question of evidence
arose as to whether a card oil which the name of
Harvey Garnett Tuckett was placed should be
given in evidence, tho question being whether
the man's name was Ilarvey Garnett Phipps
Tuckett or only Harvey Garnett Tuckett. but a
question on which the whole trial finally turned
when afterward the whole evidence was in,
Lord Denman, insteadof deciding the question,
submitted it to the Lords, as follows:
"Tho inconvenience of clearing the House is so
great that 1 should rather venture to propose that
the decision oi this question, if your lordships should
be called upon to decide it, had better be postponed."
The question was not at that time pressed.
And when the Attorney General of England
j, made his argument upon the evidence Lord
1 Denman arose and apologized to the House of
' Lords for having allowed him to argue, and
I, said in-substance lie hoped this would not be
ii drawn into a precedent in criminal trials, but
that he did not think it quite right for him to
interfere and stop him. And when, finally,
the Lords deliberated with closed doors upon
the point taken, and Lord Denman gave an
opinion to the Lords upon whether the proof
sustained the indictments his lordship said:
" If. my lords, the present were an ordinary case,
tried before one of the inferior courts, and the same
objection had been taken in this _ stage to the proof
of identity, the judge would consult his notes, and
explain how far he thought the objection well
founded, and X apprehend that the jury would at
once return a verdict of acquittal.
"Your lordships sitting in this High Court of Par-
liament, unite the functions of both. I have stated
my own views, as an individual member of the court,
ot the question by you to bo considered, discussed,
and decided. Though I have commenced the debate,
it cannot bo necessary for me to disclaim the purpose
of dictating my own opinion, which is respectfully
laid before you with the hope of eliciting those of the
House at large. If .any other duty is cast upon me,
or if there is any more convenient course to be pur-
sued, I shall be greatly indebted to any of your lord-
ships who will be so kind as to instruct me in it. In
the absence of any other suggestion, 1 venture to
declare my own judgment, grounded on the reasons
briefly submitted, that tho Earl of Cardigan is enti-
tled to be declared not guilty."
Now, then, in the light of authority, in the
light of the precedents to which the presiding
officer has appealed, in the light of reason,
and in the light of principle, we are bound to
object to this claim of power on the part of
the Chief Justice. I say again it is not a mere
question of form, for all mere forms we would
waive; but it is a question of substance. It
is a question whether the House of Represent-
atives can bring, by their own motion, to the
Senate a question of law, if the Chief Justice
who is presiding chooses to stand between the
Senate and the House and its pi'osecution.
That is a question of vital importance, upon
which, for tho benefit of the people for all time
hereafter, if it did not make any difference in
this case, I would not yield one hair, because
no jot or tittle of the rights of the people or
of the House of Representatives, so far as I
understand tliem, shall ever fall to the ground
by any inattention or inadvertence or yielding
of mine.
Allow me to state again the proposition de-
clared by the learned presiding officer, because
to me it seems an invasion of the privileges
of the House of Representatives. It is this:
that when tho House of Representatives pro-
poses a question of law to the Senate of the
United States on the trial by impeachment of
the President of the United States, the Chief
Justice presiding in this as a court can stand
between the House of Representatives and the
Senate and decide the question ; and then,
unless by the courtesy of some Senator who
may be induced to make a motion for them, the
House of Representatives, through its Mana-
gers, cannot get that question of law decided
by the Senate.
I should be inclined to deem it my duty, and
I believe my associate Managers will agree
with me if we are put in that position, to ask
leave to withdraw and take instruction from
tho House before we lay the rights of the House,
bound hand and foot, at the feet of any one
man, however high or good or just he may be;
for, as I respectfully bring to your attention,
itis aquestionof mostmomentousconsequence,
although not so great, not of so much conse-
quence now, when we have a learned, able,
honest, candid, patriotic Chief Justice in the
chair, as it may bo hereafter. Let us look
forward to the time which may come in the
history of this nation when we get a Jeffries
as lord high steward or Chief Justice. I want,
then, that the precedent set in this good time,
by good men, when everything isquiel, when
the country is not disturbed, to be such as to
hold any future Jeffries as did the precedents
of old; for this brings to my mind Jeffries'
conduct on an exactly similar question, when
he was held bound by the precedents of the
House of Lords. In the trial of Lord Del-
amere, Chief Justice Jeffries, being lord high
steward, presiding, said to the earl as he came
to plead—I give substance now, not words—
"My lord, you had better confess and throw
yourself on the mercy of the king, your master ;
