4166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
appropriation without inquiry and without
question. But here comes another Depart-
ment and says, "We have made peace with
the Indians; to do so wo liave overrun our
appropriation by $172,000 to feed these friendly
Indians ; we ask. il to be appropriated because
theDeparfrmenthasrun in debt to that amount
and lo 1 and behold there is a great demonstra-
tion. , It is something about Indians. It must
be a fraud, of course. You may spend $24,000,-
000 in fighting the Indians ; you may have all
the contractors from here to Kansas employed
in-carrying supplies to your fifteen thousand
troops, and it is all right.
Mr. STEWART. They never fight the In-
dians.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator says the
troops never fight the Indians. 1 agree that
the troops are not of much consequence in
fighting Indians. I would rather send out a
peace commission with a few boxes of tobacco
and a few presents ; and on my life, I believe
if you will withdraw every soldier from the
plains, and stop the expenditure of every dol-
lar in the support of your Indians there, and
appoint six good old Quakers, whom I could
find in the United States, and give them
$500,000, they would keep the peace with the
Indians better than the whole of your Army.
Now, Mr. President, when this appropria-
tion comes from the Interior Department,
asking for this deficiency, I know of no rea-
son why there should he an outcry against it
any more than if it was asked for by the War
Department. The War Department furnished
food to the Indians sometimes from the com-
missary stores, and they report to Congress,
"We have drawn on our commissary stores to
feed Indians; we want you to supply the de-
ficiency," and you pass a bill in live minutes.
You do not ask for vouchers. You do not
■ask the Secretary of War to come down here
■with his books and all his vouchers in his
hands to demonstrate and prove tu you that
every pound of corn and every pound of meat
has been delivered. But if the Secretary of
the Interior comes and tells you that he has
overdrawn the appropriation, then anything
connected with Indian affairs must be a fraud
of course.
Mr. President, let us deal fairly with honor-
able men. 1 believe Mr. Browning and the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs are honorable
men, as I believe all the gentlemen connected
with that peace commission are; and I believe
that they have saved to the Government mil-
lions upon millions of dollars, besides saving
us from war.
Mr. STEWART. I do not expect to beat
an appropriation with which the word "Indian''
is connected. ~1 never have succeeded in doing
so, and do not expect that 1 can do so now.
But I fully concur with the Senator from Cal-
ifornia when he denounces this letter as the
most frivolous evidence ever presented upon
which an appropriation was demanded. The
Commissioner of Indian Affairs tells Congress
that he made a contract whereby the contract-
ors could go on lor a month after receiving
notice, an indefinite contract for an indefinite
-time. He then tells us that they went on, and
he could not get the notice to them. Further,
he fells us that he is getting in some of these
accounts, and he expects more. We have
1,000 appropriated every year for the 1 ndians
in .Nevada, and we have about as many Indians
there as they have anywhere else, but we never
supposed that we could go on and spend two
or three hundred thousand dollars and call it. a
deficiency. Is there no limitation? is it en-
tirely discretionary ? Has the Commissioner a
right to contract all he pleases and render the
Government responsible? I supposed he was
to use the money appropriated. If there is no
limit there is no use in appropriating money.
We might well appropriate it in gross if be
has unlimited putter and unlimited discretion
to spend as much money as ho pleases for In-
dians or for indiau contractors.
Mr. President, the management of our Indian
affairs is the great leak of tms Government.
""it is true you spend twenty-five or thirty inil-
lions to keep an army among the Indians
when there is no necessity for an army in
many portions of the country. You can gen-
erally get volunteers to do the duty whenever
you want to fight on two hours' notice, to a
great deal better advautage than hauling your
Army over those plains and feeding them from
year to year. You do not want money for any
soldiers. You can get volunteers to do the
work at the time it is needed. You do not
want an Indian department working at cross
purposes with the Army, and each accusing
the other, and each charging the other with
all blame of mishaps. The whole system is a
system of mishaps, mischance, troubles, tur-
moils, and enormous expense. I can get
abundant testimony from the Army that the
peace establishment is corrupt, imbecile, and
interferes with their arrangements. I can go
to the peace establishment and pile up the
evidence mountain high against the Army.
The whole thing is at cross-purposes. There
is no system, audit appears there is no respon-
sibility. There is au unlimited discretion in
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs. When
§300,000 has been appropriated and expended,
lie deliberately allows the contractors, for
want of notice, to go on and involve the coun-
try in a debt of $170,000; and without send-
ing even the vouchers to a committee he tells
Congress that he has contracted a debt of that
amount, and calls il a deficiency !
These deficiencies above what is appropri-
ated for a specific purpose, where the commis-
sioner has no discretion, no authority, to bind
this Government, ought to be disregarded.
The Department ought to be held to the amount
appropriated. They come often enough for
appropriations and get large enough appro-
priations, and reasonably expended theyshould
not. want any more.
The Senator says that Mr. Browning has
recommended it. I do not desire to question
the lioneoty of Mr. Browning, but 1 do not
think he is one of the most reliable managers
of Indian affairs. There is a report from the
Committee on the .1 udiciary with regard to one
of his transactions which shows a loose mode
of doing business which we should stop. When
you had an Indian commissioner, after the
appointment of Mr. Taylor, he gave a license
or an authority to Bogy to purchase a year's
supplies, to go on ad libitum. 'J'lie Commit-
tee on the J udiciary found that there was no
law for it; it was done without authority of
law ; and so I say the indorsement of Mr.
Browning to this does not give it much of credit.
It was done without authority of law, and 1
believe in holding the Indian department to
the administration of the law and holding them
in the appointment of agents to the law, I
would not appiopriate a dollar to pay one of
the contracts made by Mr. Bogy if I knew it,
because Mr. Browning had no authority to
appoint lam. Hold them to some responsi-
bility if there is to be any responsibility con-
nected with Indian affairs.
But the Senator says we do not inquire into
the War Depaitment. It is true we do not;
but then; they have got the matter sy ste matized;
they have rules and regulations; they have
machinery whereby these things are investi-
gated. In this case the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs tells us so many accounts have
reached here, more than he expected, and
j there is a deficiency, because he has heard by
' letter of some other accounts that are coming,
accounts that were contracted without authority
of law.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I do not know
j the Commissions of Indian Affairs. I am
[ not his assailant; I am not his defender ; but
! I agree with the Senator from California that
a permission that a contract amounting in
the aggregate to $300,OuO should run on until
it had consumed some one hundred and sev-
i] enty thousand dollars more for the want of a
]: nonce ofthe termination of the contract, orthat
jj the contract should not continue any longer,
l! deserves and requires au explanation. 1 liave
heard from every source that the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs is an lionest man; I have no
reason to believe the contrary; but-I agree
with the Senator from California that this mat-
ter has been presented rather loosely and gen-
erally to the consideration of the Senate ; and
I think it deserves more precise and particular
explanation.
The honorable Senator from California re-
marked that I had a great aversion to the
Freedmen's Bureau. I have a greater aver-
sion to another thing, and that is a public
plunderer. I have no doubt, the mind of the
people of this nation does not doubt, that a
very large portion of the public debt has
resulted from public plunder and public plun-
derers. When I see an officer of the Govern-
ment who has but a moderate salary or mod-
crate compensation getting suddenly rich, living
sumptuously, expending his thousands in build-
ing fine houses, sporting fine equipages, and
the indulgences of his family; when I see
public contractors running their career and
coming out of large contracts suddenly rich, I
have no other conclusion than that in both
those classes of cases there has been public
plunder.
1 am pleased to see the honorable Senator
from California, or any other Senator, inter-
posing for the purpose of having public plun-
der and public plunderers unveiled. lie will
never meet with any obstruction from me.
Sir, if all public plunderers in this land who
have amassed such sudden and princely estates
could bo marched out in the sunrise in the
public road and be made to disgorge the vast
amounts which they have stolen and plundered
from the Treasury of their country, I would
promote all 1 could such an operation. I care
not who they are, whether in the Senate Cham-
ber, in the Executive Departments, in the
Army, or anywhere else ; whenever you can
strike the lead of a public plunderer, follow it
closely and vigilantly and unveil him, and, if
you can, make him disgorge, hold him up to
t.he scorn and the reprobation of the nation and
of the people.
Sir, we have had vastly too much of public
plunder and vastly too many public plunderers;
and ever since I have had any knowledge of
our Indian affairs the whole of our Indian
relations have been reeking and rotten with
plunder. It is not the exception ; it is the
rule. Corruption in our Indian transactions
is the rule. Corruption in our Army con-
tracts has become almost a rule. Corruption
in public office, civil and military, in public
contracts and public jobs, has become the
rule. It is time that the veil which has so
long concealed this festering, enormous, ex-
panded and expanding public plunder and
public plundering should be torn aside. I tell
the honorable Senator from California that,
abhorrent as to me the Freedmen's Bureau is,
the public plunderer is still more so. And
whenever the honorable Senator interposes in
relation to the supplying of the Indians, for
which this deficiency has made its appearance,
or in any other way, let him get upon the lead
of any public plunderer and he will find that
as far as I can sustain him he shall be sus-
tained.
In making these remarks I say nothing to
inculpate the Commissioner of Indian A flairs
except this: that the matter upon which he
asks the appropriation of this large deficiency
oi $170,000 to supply the overrunning of a
contract^does require and ought to receive at
iiis hail us a carelul and precise and truthful
and clear explanation.
1 rose merely to inform the honorable Sen-
ator from California that there were subjects
uu wnieii 1 held a much deeper detestation
than j do of the Freedmen's Bureau, and
ail??,n£ *"e.m is public plunder.
_ ihe PiidiiSlDhjNI1 £)/■() Itatpore. The ques-
tion is on the a-mendineut pioposed by the
Senator iroui V. ibeonsin.
Mr. SIE WAIi V called for the yeas and nays;
and'thcy were ordered.
Mr. MOiiHlLL, of Maine. I desire to say
