2118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
Constitution, whether your legislation is out-
side of it or not; I have never gone out; I
claim the protection of the Constitution; with
all my sins, with all my faults upon me, I claim
the protection of the Constitution; that is the
law I stand upon." The military officer says:
"When I claim to hold you in custody; when
I put you down into the dark dungeon of a
military prison; when I lead you to the scaffold;
when 1 order out a platoon of soldiers to shoot
you dead, I stand upon the law prescribed to
me by Congress." When that case comes to
the Supreme Court must not the Supreme
Court of necessity decide whether the military
man stands upon the law or McCardle stands
upon the law ? It must be. In the nature of
courts it must be so, that when it comes to act
upon a case the court shall decide what is the
law; and the Constitution declares itself to be
the supreme law of the land. It has been so
recognized hitherto. There can be no law supe-
rior to it; it cannot be overridden by any law.
Then, Mr. President, you propose, in regard
to most important measures, to strike down the
judiciai-y of the country. That has been pretty
effectually done already in regard to the Exec-
utive. 1 do not see that the executive depart-
ment.amounts to anything any more. It is
very innocent now, in my opinion. In three
short years the powers of the executive and of
the legislative departments of this Government
have come into the same hands and under the
control of the same body of men. The next
step is to strike down the judiciary. Do that,
and then all the powers of the Government are
in the hands of one body.
It cannot be, Mr. President, that brave Sen-
ators are afraid of the decision of the Supreme
Court. That is impossible, liow is the Su-
preme Court tirganized? Will you be pleased
to tell me? You did claim to the country that
the administration of Mr. Lincoln was entitled
to its confidence; and are there not five judges
out of eight whom Mr. Lincoln appointed and
whom you confirmed, and at the head is there
not Chief Jubtice Chase, distinguished as a
party leader?
Then, Mr. President, with a Supreme Court,
five out of eight appointed by Mr. Lincoln
himself, and confirmed by these honorable
Senators that I am addressing, 'and only three
of the old court left, you say you cannot
afford to risk this question before that court.
Why? Let that question be answered—why?
McCardle must go out of court; he1 must go
back and be handed over to a military com-
mission, without the possibility, in the highest
court of the land, of ascertaining his rights
under the Constitution, rather than allow this
question to go before the Supreme Court of
your own organization; that court shall not
be allowed to pass upon a question involving
the liberty of the citizen when he claims that
liberty under the Constitution of the United
States!
This, Mr. President, is brave legislation !
When I vote for a law I expect that law to
undergo all the tests that the Constitution con-
templates. Does not the Constitution con-
template that all legislation shall undergo the
test of the Supreme Court of the United States ?
Marshall thought so ; Taney thought so. I
cite the lights of the law. Marshall, probably
the greatest jurist our country has produced,
freely discussed all constitutional questions,
and contributed more to establish the mean-
ing and proper construction of the Constitu-
tion than any other man of the country.
Then, sir, whether the Constitution or an
act of Congress is the law of a particular case,
you will nbt allow the Supreme Court of the
United States to decide. Why? With five
judges out of eight of your own appointment,
why not? I say, before the country and the
world, it is an admission that your legisla-
tion will not stand the test of judicial examin-
ation. If the Supreme Court of the United
States, as now organized, shall decide that you
have the power under the Constitution to es-
tablish five military governments in the South,
to place the men, women, children, property
of the ten southern States under the control
of an irresponsible military power, to strip
these States of civil government, I shall bow in
obedience to that decision, because it is made
by the tribunal which our fathers established
for the settlement of such questions. But, sir,
you need not expect that this country will be
satisfied when you force upon it a species of
legislation that you are unwilling shall go be-
fore the highest court of the land, especially
when you are unwilling that it shall undergo
the test of the judges Mr. Lincoln himself
appointed.
Mr. President, I have said about all that I
feel it necessary for me to say on this subject.
I regard it as very serious when we pro-
pose to strip any one of the departments of
the Government of its legitimate power with a
view to our exercising power without restraint.
I believe the safety of the people, the liberty of
the people, requires that one department of
the Government shall be a check upon the
other; that the legislative shall check the
executive, and that the judiciary shall check
both the legislative and the executive within
the sphere allowed by the Constitution.
Now, sir, if it be necessary for party ends to
legislate in a particular way, Senators have got
to decide upon that for themselves. I shall
not vote for any law with a view to party ends.
I intend upon this important legislation to vote
according to the dictates ofmy conscience. I
think I may add that political capital is not
made by special and unfair legislation. Wo
know very well what all this means. We
know that the Senators who have allowed the
act of 18-12 to remain unrepealed, who now
propose to let it. remain upon the statute-book,
and give the foreigner an appeal to the Supreme
Court where lie claims his liberty under some
authority of his foreign Government, cannot
possibly believe that a man ought not to have
an appeal to thoSupreme Court when he claims
his liberty or his life under the Constitution
of the United States as a citizen of the country.
Mr. STE \VAllT. Mr. President, I do not
desire to prolong this discussion or occupy the
time which all would prefer to see occupied by
the opposite side. They have a very hard case
to make out, and I am desirous that they should
have all the time practicable in which to make
it out. They are attempting to show by some
kind of excitement. I know not exactly how,
that it is a great outrage, on the part of this
Congress, to repeal a law which was passed a
year ago. According to them, this repeal vio-
lates not only the Constitution, but every prin-
ciple of civil government; and the rights of man
appear to be involved in this bill. It seems
that the people, for three quarters of a century
of the existence of this Government, did not
have that recourse to the Supreme Court of the
United States which is now said to be abso-
lutely necessary for some purpose. It is a
proposition which, it seems to mo, gentlemen
on the other side should have all the time to
argue, and I do not think that we on this side
should consume very much time. Inasmuch,
however, as special allusion has been made to
me, I may, perhaps, be pardoned for making
a few remarks. J do not intend to occupy any
time in defending myself personally ; but as the
Senator from Indiana seems to think that, be-
cause 1 was slow to believe that our party was I
betrayed by Mr. .Johnson, I should, therefore,
keep silence now, 1 beg to differ from him. If
he thinks that is a very good reason ho can
enforce it as strongly as he pleases.
It is alleged that there is one McCardle to
bo influenced by returning to the former prac-
tice with regard to the courts, returning to the
law as it stood for three quarters of a century ;
that there is one man by the name of McCardle
to be injured thereby, to be depiived of some
rights. I do not exactly understand how it is
that he is to be specially injured. 1 know that
there is a McCardle case that has been talked
about. It is simply this, as I have seen it stated
in the newspapers: one McCardle undertook
to revive the disloyal spirit in Mississippi, where
the military is in charge; he was arrested and
taken before the military authorities, and he
applied to the circuit court for a habeas corpus.
The court denied the habeas corpus, but let
him go on bail, and he brings that up to the
Supreme Court of the United States ; and the
question is whether he shall be exonerated
and allowed to go on with his little six-by-nino
sheet, revive the drooping spirit of disloyalty
in the South, say all the disagreeable things
he pleases, or whether he shall be deprived of
that luxury of stimulating disloyalty. His case
is brought before the Supreme Court, and the
public business of that court, as I understand,
was set aside; the calendar, with two or three
hundred cases upon it, was stopped to hear argu-
ments about advancing his case for the accom-
modation of Mr. McCardle, so that he could
go on with his little paper and encourage the
rebels to resist the reconstruction laws of Con-
gress. The Supreme Court laid aside all their
grave business, all the suits of parties that were
brought up in the regular way, to hear Mr.
McCardle's case, although he was on^bail and
was not suffering nearly as much as many of
the persons who were involved in litigation
before the court, who had everything at stake,
while he had nothing at stake, but brought up
a mere question of punctilio.
lie was not restrained of his liberty : there
was no pressing necessity that the court should
throw aside all other business to consider his
case. It, was brought up, however, and a day
assigned for arguing the question whether this
private case should be advanced to the exclu-
sion of other business. Litigants in that court,
felt it to be very oppressive that a case of this
character should be advanced, postponing their
causes ; but the court, it seems, regarded it as
its duty to advance the cause. The court ad-
vanced it and a long time was spent in arguing
it to the exclusion of other business, and 1 be-
lieve the court now has oti its calendar a larger
number of cases than it had at the commence-
ment of the term, during which it lias been
occupied in hearing advanced cases.
I remarked very innocently yesterday that
the Supreme Court was so much overburdened
with business that it was certainly politic to
pass this bill, because the workings of the law
proposed to be repealed thus far had shown
that it interfered with the ordinary business of
the country, with the ordinary business of liti-
gants in the Supreme Court, postponed their
rights to allow the court to give exclusive at-
tention to such matters as this McCardle case.
Mr. President, we are charged with being
afraid of theSupreme Court. 1 tell the Senator
from Indiana we are not afraid of the Supreme
Court. The Supreme Court has no power to
interfere with the question of reconstruction.
It has no power to determine the status of the
southern States. The Supreme Court under
the Constitution only has power to decide
cases, and it must receive the law from the law-
making power. We know it has no power to
injure us. The policy of making the Supreme
Court supreme dictator and giving it a will is
a policy which, if it could be carried out to the
entire satisfaction of the Democratic party,
would soou subvert this Government. The
Supreme Court, I say, can decide eases, but it
has no will, no policy : it must follow the law-
making power of the Government.
We are not afraid of it. If it goes outside
of a case lief ore it and sets up its will and issues
proclamations wo are no more bound by those
proclamations than we should be by the proc-
lamations of any other body of men acting out-
side of their jurisdiction. YV e have no right 'to
presume that the Supreme Court will, in this
or any other ease, attempt to establish a policy
in violation of the best interests of this country.
I he Senator from Wisconsin remarked yes-
terday that we knew the Supreme Court would
decide this case against us. We cannot know
that; and no man dare believe that that, court
intends to lend its sanction to a violation of the
Constitution or a usurpation of power. The
question of making war or determining the
political status of a State is as much beyond
the power of the Supreme Court as it is beyond
