1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4167
a word or two before the voto is taken. About
this particular proposition I have very little
information ; but upon the general subject out
of which it grows I have some distinct recol-
lection, and I do not think from the recollec-
tion I have of the general subject that this
general tone of denunciation and the cry of
corruption has much application to this par-
ticular matter in hand.
I have not raised the question of the rules
upon this proposition to amend, because I
thought the Senator who offered it from the
Committee on Indian Affairs ought to have an
opportunity to explain it and the Senate ought
to understand it; and I do not yield to the
cry that it is to be presumed and taken for
granted that it ought to be voted down. It
ought to be considered fairly. That is my
belief about it.
Now, sir, what is the general fact? Those
who were here at the extraordinary session in
July last will remember that we were told an
Indian war was not only imminent, but inev-
itable. It was said that it was begun, and ten
regiments of troops wore demanded for the
prosecution of au Indian war then upon us.
That is fresh in the recollection of all of us, is
it not? We were then smarting under the
memory of an Indian war in 1861 and 1805,
originating in our own usurpations, in our own
wrongs, as a committee of our own body told
us upon the fairest evidence they got, which
had cost us §45,000,000, and resulted, I believe,
in the grand total of some few scalps, not to
exceed fifty in all; and it was said that another
war of like kind was inevitable, and that there
was no policy which could be adopted short
of the .absolute extermination of the Indians
which would give security on the borders.
What did Congress do ? It resisted the
clamor; it declined to appropriate a dollar
for men and for war; but instead of that pro-
vided for a peace commission, put the Lieu-
tenant General of the Army instead of at the
head of his troops at the head of that com-
mission, and sent them into that country with
an appropriation of $300,000 to gather these
warlike bands and tribes wherever they could
be found, who were willing to treat, to come
together and confer with the Lieutenant Gen-
eral of the Army on the subject of peace and
submission to the authority of the Govern-
ment of the United States. They were gath-
ered by thousands and tens of thousands. Some
tliiity thousand of these Indians have been
gathered first and last, and have entered into
treaty stipulations and friendly relations with
the Government of the United States through
the agency of this peace commission. War
was averted. Nobody will doubt that. War
was averted through this instrumentality. That
appropriation of $300,000 and the peace com-
mission, winch was inaugurated here ill duly
last, aveiitd an Indian war. Nobody the least
acquainted with public affairs will deny that
general fact.
What did we save? Saying nothing of the
barbarities and cruelties that attend an Indian
war, we have saved millions and millions ol
treasure, and we have incurred a debt of
$170,000, which we are now talking about.
We have been involved in an expenditure of
§300,000, appropriated and put into the hands
of the peace commission to feed the Indians,
the result of which is peace, the result of which
is general conciliation and treaty stipulations
with the Indians by which they agree to aban-
don their habits, provided we keep our faith
with them; and it is said as a result of this
policy, growing out of it, and going up beyond
the v>300,000, we have incurred a deficiency to
the extent of this item.
Now, sir, I submit, if that is so, and I have
very good reason to believe it is so, it is a
mere bagatelle. When the Lieutenant General
. of the Army, who had heretofore believed tiiat
war was the only remedy the nation had against
theM> tribes, went on to the plains with this
peace proposition, with the $300,000, to con-
ciliate these people, and to feed them and treat
them as friends, ho returned, at tha commence-
ment of this session, and said he himself had
become a convert to a different policy.
Mr. CONN ESS. Not this kind of business.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. 1 am not speak-
ing now of this particular proposition. I am
only speaking of the general resuit, which may-
or may not, as the Senate shall think, include
this deficiency. If it does not, then it ought
not to be paid. But, sir, the Lieutenant Gen-
eral of the Army told me he had changed his
entire opinions upon this subject; that he
could do more by trifling sums—a few thousand
dollars, or a few hundred thousand, if you
please—in the way of food and presents to these
Indians, and kind treatment, than with all the
Army that couldbe brought into the field against
them.
If that peace commission is prosecuted in
the spirit in which it has been begun, if Gen-
eral Sherman is sustained by suitable appro-
priations, if you will make even decent appro-
priations, a few hundred thousand dollars
appropriated to General Sherman to conduct
these peace negotiations, where you are ap-
propriating millions to support the Army on
the froutier — and you have not less than
fifteen thousand troops now on the frontier at
an expense of at least a million and a half a
year for each regiment—I say, if you will do
this, within a very few years you will have
no occasion, in my judgment, to maintain a
military force on the frontier. These roaming
bands will be collected onto reservations which
are now being provided under the policy of
this commission. They will be gathered into
these general reservations and a government
established over them subjecting them to the
laws of the country and protecting them, giv-
ing the protection of the Constitution and the
laws to them, which will enable you to dispense
with all your treaty stipulations and all your
annuities, and govern these people as a people
with respect to their rights.
I felt called upon to say this much because
this deficiency grows out of this general trans-
action ; and there is nothing more natural
in the world than that having appropriated
$300,000 in July last, considering what this
peace commission has done, there should be
this deficiency. It is not necessary to resort
to the inference of corruption either in the
Commissioner or anybody else, I submit to
my honorable friend from Kentucky.
Mr. DAVIS. I have not intimated anything
of the sort.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then I mistin-
stood the honorable Senator. ITe was talking
so loud about corruption in some direction
that I did not know but it was in this quarter.
Mr. DAVIS. I stated expressly that I had
no reason to believe there was any thing wrong
in relation to this matter. I will say one word
further, with the permission ol the honorable
Senator. This peace policy, which aims at
feeding instead of fighting the Indians, is, I
think, the wisest policy the Government ever
adopted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am very glad
the honorable Senator concurs in that view. I
believe the honorable Senator voted for it.
Mr. DAVIS. To be sure I did.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now, Mr. Pres-
ident, I hold in my hand a letter which ex-
plains something about it and perhaps may
throw some light oti this transaction. It seems
that after the appropriation had been made of
$300,000 to aid the peace commissioners, they
went into the Indian country. It seems that
a contract was made with certain parties to
feed these Indians.
Mr. CONN'ESS. Who are they?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. 1 only know
from what 1 see here, Messrs Stettaupr and
Osborn : this is a document "relative to furn-
ishing supplies to destitute friendly Indians."
That was the general business in which by
their contract they were engaged. '1 hoy were
employed to feed" these friendly Indians while
the peace commissioners were treating with
them. By the terms of the contract, these
parties were to have thirty days' notice to cease
furnishing the supplies, because they were in
the Indian country and it would net be a fair
thing to them to give them abrupt notice to
cut off supplies. Their contract provided for
thirty days' notice. It seems as early as April
last these parties were notified.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the Senator will
read the document before him if it relates to
the case. • 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Perhaps that
is the best way:
Department of thb Intekiob,
"washinston, d. 0., April 24,1868.
Sir: Herewith x transmit a copy of a communi-
cation from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
dated the lidd instant, inclosing to this Department
the accompanying copies of letters from Messrs.
Stettauer and Osborn, relative to furnishing sup-
plies to destitute iriendly Indians.
Under the circumstances, I have the honor to in-
vito the immediate consideration of Congross to tha
subject, and would respectfully suggest that if the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs' recommendation
meets with the approval of Congress, a resolution
may be passed without delay authorizing the De-
partment to take the nccessary steps to provide for
the present urgent necessities of the Indians in ad-
vance of an appropriation.
I am, sir, veryrespcctfully, your obedient servant,
O. II. BliOWNING, Secretary.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Now, I will read the letter of the Commis-
sioner, which is dated on the day before;
Department of the Intekiob,
Office of Indian Affairs,
V/asiiixgton, J). 0., April- 23, 386S.
Sir: I have the honor to iselose herewith copies
of letters received trom Messrs. Louis Stettauer and
Thomas A. Osborn, dated yesterday and to-day,
respectively, both in answer to otiiee letters, notify-
ing them to ceasc furnishing supplies under their
contracts made with this buicau on the 12th of No-
vember, lbo7, for friendly Indians at and near fort
Cobb, in the Indian temtory, at and near tile Dig
liend of the Aikansas river, m Kansas, and at and
near .North Platte City, m Nebraska.
It Will be seen that both pai ties offer to continue
furnishing the neccssary subsistence upon the terms
mentioned in their respective contracts, if it is the
opinion of the Department and ol this office that
Congress will make appropriations for the purpose.
JN o t being- sullicientiy advised respecting the inten-
tion of Congress m regard to appropriating iunds to
continue the feeding ot such friendly Indians as may
require assistance to respond to the offe*s made by
said parties the matter is respectfully leferred to
your consideration, and tor such instructions in the
premises as may be deemed necessary.
I would suggest in this connection whether itwould
not bo advisable, before responding to Messrs. btet-
tauer and Osborn, to ascertain, ll possible, the views
of the members of the Indian Committee in each
branch of Congress regarding the probability of an
appropriation being made to ieed the Indians in
question.
Very respeetfufly, your obedient servant,
is. G. TAYLOlt, Commmsioner.
Hon. 0. II. Dr.owm^g, Seeretury of the Interior.
Then follow the letters upon which these
two letters are based. This goes to show that
as early as April last, while these men were
furnishing supplies to the friendly Indians
under this contract, tiiey brought the subject
to the attention of the Department that these
supplies were running out, and that fact was
communicated by the Department to Congress.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 should like, if it will
not disturb the Senator, to ask him the date
of the appropriation of $300,000?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That was last
July.
Mr. CONNESS. July, 1807?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is my
recollection.
Mr. CONNESS. And these letters are dated
in April, 18B8.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It seems that
the §300.000 was running out, and the De-
partment gave these parties notice_ as early as
April that they must cease furnishing supplies
unless Congress should make a further appro-
priation. Now it is said—and that is a fact
that I suppose the Committee on Indian Affairs
have examined; the honorable Senator from
Wisconsin says he presents this amendment
, from that committee—that this amount abso-
; lately was expended bevotid the $800,000 m
j feeding the friendly Indians with whom our
I commissioners were negotiating *or ® Sf'1}
I eral purpose of keeping the peace. ^
i so this is an honest transaction; then this
j money is to be paid; then it m a deficiency
