4168
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
pursuance of a policy which we established, in
pursuance of a policy which was wise and
sound, which did avert a general war, and
winch no man will doubt saved to the Treas-
ury of the United States a great many millions
of money. Bat whether this is precisely what
it purports to be I do not know, for I have not
audited it; I do not know that the Committee
on Indian AlFairs have audited it; and there-
fore it seems to me that the Senate must either
reject it on the general grounds I have stated,
or they must accept it upon these general
grounds, putting some confidence in the Secre-
tary of the Interior and the Commissioner of
I ml inn Affairs.
This deficiency has resulted in this way, and
the presumption of fraud does not necessarily
arise on this record. If that is so the claim is
a proper one, and under such circumstances 1
submit to the Senate whether they think I
ought to raise the question of order against
the Senator who moves this from the Com-
mitttee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. THAYEK. 1 desire to state that when
the bill was before the Senate last July for the
establishment of the peace commission, the
Indian Committee of the Senate, after having
given the question a very thorough considera-
tion, asked for $500,000, believing that to be
the lowest sum with which this policy could be
entered upon. It was cnt down to $."00,000.
We then anticipated that there would be a
deficiency. It has come.
One other fact I desire to state. The Gen-
eral of the Army, in his estimates this present
session for the next fiscal year, reduced his
estimates for the expenses of the Army about
fifteen million dollars from the previous year
as the result of the cessation of an Indian war.
Here are these two facts in contrast: peace
with the expenditure of $500,000, or au Indian
war raging all over the Indian territory at an
additional cost of $15,000,000. Senators can
take their choice.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not understand the
mode of discussion pursued by both the hon-
orable Senators last up. When I rose and
submitted the remarks that I did it was on the
official document read at the Clerk's desk; it
was upon the official statement made by the
head of a bureau ; and I addressed myself
especially to the loose and extraordinary man-
ner in which this so-called deficiency was cre-
ated. To that there is made answer that
Indian wars involving sums guessed at by the
twenty or forty millions at the time were
averted by the Indian peace commission. I
did not say anything to the contrary of the
good service rendered by the peace commis-
sion. I did not bring the character of the
Lieutenant General of the Army into the ques-
tion, and it was not necessary to parade it at
all. That has been done here fifty times at
least in connection with this discussion. No-
body questions it; and therefore there is no
necessity for putting his high and great char-
acter on the side of public expenditure. Sen-
ators had better address themselves to the
special issue made by the commissioner in his
own statement than a general issue of whether
war with its attendant expenditures or peace
at $500,000 is to be chosen, Mr. President,
if we can have peace without paying any money
we are entitled to it. Whom shall we pay for
peace ? Pay these contractors for peace made
by the Indian commissioners? Is that a policy
for a Government? Listen to the language of
these letters and see bow your public expend-
itures are created; but I will say before read-
ing them and calling more special attention to
them that I am told, and upon good author-
ity, too, that $80,000 of the amount of the
$300,000 appropriated was all that was ex-
pended by the peace commission ; the rest
went into the hands of contractors for feeding
friendly Indians.
And the case is discussed, too, sir, as if
there were no other expenditures resulting
from the Indian treaties thus made, though
Senators know well that obligations amount-
ing to millions of dollars have been created
and are created when treaties are made with
Indians. But I do not complain of that; I
am willing to submit to the general plans ana
the result of those plans that are entered into
by the Government in the management of its
affairs; and I should not complain, if it were
before us, that $10,000,000 had been expended
by this Indian peace commission. But, sir, I
do complain that any bureau or Department
of this Government shall permit public expend-
itures to grow up in this loose and unqualified
manner.
I will not call for the reading ag;ain of the
letter of the Commissioner, though it is a per-
fect answer to all that my honorable friend
from Maine has said, because it is upon the
special issue and not upon the general issue,
hut I will read the letter of these contractors
addressed to the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs, and see how " Barkis was willin' " in
this case:
"Washington, 1). C., April 23,1868.
Sir: Your letter of yesterday is received, in which
you inform me that tho appropriations for feeding
friendly Indians are now nearly exhausted, and that
X will, t'heveiore, ceuse feeding under my two con-
tracts of 12tli November last, within thirty days from
the dato of tho receipt of your letter.
You farther inform mo that this action is rendered
necessary by the tact that, although you have recom-
mended Congress to appropriate funds to continuo
feeding the Indians, it has not yet done so.
If you think that Congress will make appropria-
tions for iliis purpose, and desire we to do so, 1 will
go on feeding under my contracts until Congress shall
have had time to act on tho recommendation for
iurther appropriations.
Please ,id\ ise mo what aro your views and wishes
on tho subject.
"Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
THOMAS A. 03B0RN.
Hon. N. G. Taylor, Commixi loner of Jndiun Affairs.
" Barkis was willin," sir! Then here is a
letter from the other contractor ; for that mat-
ter they might have saved by simply duplica-
ting the first letter:
Washington, D. C., April 22,1808.
Sib: I have to acknowledge tho receipt of your
letter of this dato informing me that the appropria-
tions far feedma' the friendly Indians, under my con-
tract with the Department of 12th November last,
are nearly exhausted, and although further appro-
priations have been asked for they have not yet
been made : ami directing me, therefore, to cease
turmshing supplies under saulcontract within thirty
days from the dato of the receipt of your letter.
If the DeparUnentthmks that Congress will make
the appropriations I am williiiK to go on feeding the
Indians under my contract until Congress shall act
on tho reeomnievidatiun referred to.
Very respectfully, yours,
LOUIS STETTAUER.
Hon. N. G. Tayloe,
OonunintiioHerof Indian Affaires.
Well, sir, there is another case of willing-
ness to go on feeding friendly Indians, hut
Congress did not make the appropriations. Jf
the case had been stated by a Department of
this Government, and it was founded upon the
statement of the peace commission, with
General Sherman at its head, Congress would
have made the appropriation promptly ; but
there is no such paper here, there is no such
authority for the continuance of this contract.
All I have to say in conclusion is, that if you
go on making appropriations for such viola-
tions of the public service and such an abuse,
and call them deficiencies, they deserve another
and a worse name.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to in-
quire of somebody what the legal obligation
was, if any, to feed these Indians any further,
and if there was no legal obligation, what par-
ticular necessity there was for it in April ?
Mr. MOHIllLL, of Maine. The peace
commission, as we call it, was appointed to
go out upon the plains and meet the Indians
who were threatening war, and invite them to
a friendly conference, and §300,000 were ap-
propriated to feed them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am speaking of last
April. It seems that up to last April the ap-
propriation was sufficient.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. A portion of
the deficiency had occurred prior to that. We
have had within a week or ten days some of
the results of this negotiation in tho shape of
treaties. They are still negotiating with the
Indians.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then do I understand
that this was continuing an arrangement made
■with the peace commission before ?
Mr. MOBBILL, of Maine. That is my un-
derstanding. While, of course, I have no
information on this particular ftem, my under-
standing is that it grows out of that general
fact.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not know personally
anything about this transaction. I wish I did.
If the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs were present he doubtless could give
all the information we so much need. I have
attempted to pick up some information since
this discussion began, from an officer of the
Indian Bureau, the chief clerk; I wish to give
my authority as I proceed; and I learu Ironi
him that this state of things existed.
During the July session of 1867 Congress
authorized this peace commission, and made a
small appropriation to be used by them person-
ally in giving presents and supplying iooa to
Indians, and made an appropriation of $300,000
to be applied in procuring food for the friendly
Indians that might separate themselves from
the hostile Indians. That is, where bands of
any tribe were inclined to be peaceable, but
were being drawn into a hostile organization
to make war on the settlements, if the peace
commissioners could induce them to separate
from the hostile tribes, this money was to be
used to feed them, for it was known to every
one conversant with the subject that if a band
should separate from the tribe after the tribe
had declared their purpose to make war, the
hostile part would make war on the peaceable
portion, and thus compel them to fight if they
were not able in some way to escape. To meet
that difficulty, this appropriation of 5?y00,000
was made to provide for those who might
separate from the hostile tribes and cluster
around the settlements and live quietly until
peace should be made with the principal por-
tions of the bands.
Before the Indian department applied' any
money they turned over to this peace com-
mission $80,000 of the $300,000, which was
applied directly by the members of the peace
commission in person on their personal view
of the necessity for its use. This left, as will
be seen, $1220,000 of the So00,000. They in-
duced the Indians to collect at Fort Cobb iu
what is called the leased district of the Indian
country, down near the border of Texas,
bands from the Iviowas and Conianehes and
Apaches, hands of Indians ill connection with
tribes who were making war. The number
collected there is represented to me by the
chief clerk to have amounted to something
over seven thousand, who were induced to
conic in by tho peace commission ; and as
they came in the Department was notified by
the peace commission of their assembling at
that point and was advised to send food to them
at that fort. They also notified the Depart-
ment that other bands had been collecting at
the north bend of the Arkansas river under
the advice of the peace commission in order
to get away from the hostile portions of the
tribes. Under their advice the Department
sent food to those collected at that point.
They were also requested to send a large
amount of rations to Fort Laramie northwest
toward the Itocky mountains; and perhaps
about fifty or sixty thousand dollars were
applied in sending rations up there oil direct
requisitions of the peace commission.
It will thus be seen that the object sought
by the Department was to fulfill the arrange-
| ments made by the peace commissioners them*
' selves. They sent this food to Indians who
had separated from the hostile tribes in pur-
suance of an arrangement made by the peace
commissioners, and I suppose they felt justifi-
able in exhausting all the money that was
appropriated in this way, and in permitting
these contractors, perhaps, to go a little beyond
it. It will be Seen by the Senate that of the
one hundred and seventy odd thousand dollars
asked for here, $80,000 were applied by tiia
peace commissioners directly, leaving lessthaa
