1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2121
Mr. President, I never call in question the
motives of Senators, particularly of gentle-
men for whom I have a great personal es-
teem ; but they will pardon me for saying that
I very greatly regret that the bill now upon
your table should have been passed as it was.
That it was not understood by those who, there
was every reason to believe, would have op-
posed it is manifest. That the purpose was
not at all to be collected from the title is mani-
fest. That, it was not to be collected from the
bill in which it was inserted in the House, as
that bill passed the Senate, is manifest. What
was that bill? What did the Senate do? On
the 11th of March, 1868, there was reported
from one of our committees the bill exactly in
the shape m which it passed the Senate. What
was its object? To obtain the decision of the
Supreme Court of the United States upon all
questions affecting the revenue of the United
States, irrespective of the amount involved in
each controversy. Nobody could object to
that. It was to the interest of the Government
that all such questions should be carried to the
Supreme Court of the United States, in order
that uniformity of rule should be established,
so important for the successful collection of
the revenue and the quiet of the country, that
importers should know, that those who were
called upon to pay internal taxes should know
what were the rights of the United States upon
the one hand and u'mtthe obligation of the
citizen upon the other; and the bill passed
unanimously.
It was at once sent over to the House of
Representatives. On the 12th of March a
motion was made to take it from the table, and
it was so done, the character of the bill being
evident from its title. As soon as it was taken
from the table and was under the consideration
of Ihe House, this amendment to it was pro-
posed and adopted without explanation or de-
bate. I will not say that the object was to
conceal the purpose of those who were not in
the secret. That would not be parliamentary ;
but the effect was to conceal it. Nobody can
doubt that. That it would not have passed
without debate if its character had been known
nobody can for a moment question. The amend-
ment came to this Chamber. No explanation
was given of it here. It was passed here; I
do not know that it was without, inquiry. _ I
did not happen to be in the Chamber, being
in the Supreme Court at the time. It was
passed here, however, without explanation.
I of course do not charge any designed con-
cealment upon any member of the Senate,
especially the honorable member from Oregon,
who had the bill specially in charge; but I
repeat that the effect was concealment when
there should have been, as I think, disclosure;
for it is not to be assumed that bills of this
description are to be passed or to be rejected
upon part}' grounds. It does not comport with
the character of the Senate to imagine that any
such motive would actuateanybodyatany time
to be found in this Chamber. It is to be pre-
sumed, therefore, that it was passed upon pub-
lic ground ; and upon that assumption it ought
to have been explained, because for aught that
those who are now in favor of the bill and who
voted for the bill before can know to the con-
trary a debate upon the question might have
led to a different result.
Mr. President, it is true, and it is one of the
defects of the Constitution, though not a defect
in the palmiest days of the Government, that
the third article of the Constitution does not
provide in itself for the courts who are to exer-
cise the judicial power there enumerated.
Congress, it was assumed, would establish the
courts. Above all, it was assumed that Con-
gress would establish a Supreme Court, that
being almost the command of the Constitution,
and it was a command carried out, coeval with
the organization of the body. It dates back
to the first Congress held under the Constitu-
tion. Now, what is its jurisdiction. ^ I he
moment you see the extent of its jurisdiction,
you cannot fail to see what were the motives
that led the members of the convention to
organize such a department as one of the con-
stitutional departments of the Government. It
is to have jurisdiction in " all cases of law or
equity arising under this Constitution, the laws
of the United States and treaties," &c.—" all
cases." For the same reason that the con-
vention assumed, as a clear duty upon the part
of Congress, the organization of a Supreme
Court and such inferior courts as might be
found to be necessary, did they assume that it
would be authorized to examine into all cases
involving the Constitution and laws of the
United States, which could, without any great
inconvenience to the public, be brought by a
writ of error or appeal to that tribunal, for
that was the purpose of the provision.
It may be, Mr. President, in these latter
days of what my friend from Indiana [Mr.
Morton] called, a few weeks ago, political and
constitutional education, under which weare
improving, that we have adopted the opinion,
or are coming to the conclusion that an insti-
tution of that sort is not at all necessary for
t]ie protection of the Government, the States,
and the people. Sir, it will be a sad day when
we act upon any such opinion. I do not think
I am in error when I say that but for the exist-
ence of that department of the Government,
and but for its peculiar jurisdiction to examine
into all cases arising under the Constitution
and laws of the United States, the Government
would have ended long since. First, the States
would have been legislating to the injury of the
Government; second, Congress might be found
legislating in the same direction ; and thirdly,
the Executive might be found trespassing be-
yond the limits of his authority and trampling
upon the rights of the States or the people of
the States, and seeking to trample upon the
constitutional authority of Congress. But all
have so far been kept within their constitu-
tional orbits through the instrumentality of
this great, and especially great because of its
being a peaceful tribunal, having no power
except that which reason gives; having no
voice except that which speaks the law; no
authority whatever; and placed beyond the
temptation which in other departments of the
Government political aspirations may create.
It may from time to time be less able than at
other periods; but he who charges that a court,
constituted as that court is, can be governed in
its determinations by any corrupt motives or
political motives, charges upon our people an
incapacity to preserve a Government like ours.
The honorable member from Nevada has
told us in his peculiar style of oratory that he
is unwilling to trust political questions to the
judges of the Supreme Court ; lie is unwilling
that they should become military chieftains
and issue their orders to the Army ; by injunc-
tion restrain the movement of troops; and
with that logical precision which belongs to
him, he supposes that a case involving the
rio-ht of a citizen under the Constitution of
the United States is a political question of that
description.
Mr. STEWART. Is it not the case ot a
public enemy ?
Mr. JOHNSON. No.
Mr. STEWART. "Whether he is a public
enemy or not—is not that a political question ?
Mr. JOHNSON. No; it is not.
Mr. STEWART. Is not the political depart-
ment to determine who are public enemies ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not get any addi-
tional light from my friend s interruption.^ 1
am speaking to the case as it is. Here is a
citizen of the United States, whether enemy
or not makes no difference, who claims the
protection of the Constitution ot the Uni ed
St-ites If he has forfeited that protection the
court to decide that question is the Supreme
Court of the United States, if the case can be
properly brought before that tribunal. But.
how are those questions political m the sense
in which the honorable member uses the term .
All questions, according to his interpretation
of it. involving the construction of tne Constitu-
tion of the United States, are political. So they
are, in one sense. They demand an examin-
ation of the Constitution of t.he United States,
and that is a political instrument; but it is an
instrument which the law says shall, in the
courts, protect the citizen; and when he
applies to the court for protection upon the
ground that some right secured to him by the
Constitution is being invaded, the court is
bound to examine whether he is within its
protection or not.
The honorable member from Nevada has
read, no doubt, the approved commentaries
upon our Constitution, such as those of Story
and Kent and others, and he therefore.knows,
professing to speak the sentiments of the entire
country, that they hold that without such an
institution the Constitution would be a dead
letter. What is the honorable member's doc-
trine practically? Congress is the law-making
power ; and nobody has a right to question the
authority of any laws which they may make.
IIow is it the law-making power? It is clothed
with the authority to pass laws upon all the sub-
jects submitted to it by the Constitution, when
those laws are not in conflict with the Consti-
tution of the United States. The first question,
therefore, that arises when the validity of any
law passed by Congress presents itself is, did
the Constitution authorize it or prohibit it?
If the court, in a case brought before it legiti-
mately between parties, either private parties
or between the Government and a party whose
right may be assailed, as he supposes, contrary
to the Constitution of the United States, finds
that the law under which he is held was one
which Congress had no authority under the
powers vested in them by the Constitution to
pass, they have no discretion; they must so
hold or violate their duty and their oath.
Mr. President, party cannot carry on a Gov-
ernment if unrestrained. Congress (certainly
1 mean not to disparage them) are subject to
the infirmities of oar nature ; and if they were
left unrestrained by the checks and the bal-
ances found in the Constitution of the United
States despotism would at an early day be our
condition. If the Senate will look at the sixth
chapter of the philosophic work of DeTocque-
ville on Democracy in America they will find
that that writer, whose insight into our institu-
tions and into the science of government is re-
markable, who seems to have understood us
better than any writer of our own has under-
stood us, places the security of our Govern-
ment and its continuance and the rights of the
individual citizen mainly upon the ground that
there exists here a Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States vested with power to decide all con-
flicting questions. He says:
" Within these limits, the power vested in the
American courts of justicc of pronouncing a statute
to be unconstitutional forms one of the most power-
ful barriers which has over been devised against the
tyranny of political assemblies."
There are but two modes by which controver-
sies can be settled, as we all know—force and
law. Force necessarily leads to destruction.
Law, if observed, leads to peace. In the beau-
tiful language of Hooker, "its voice is the har-
mony of the world stilled into silence. The
laws of nature, by any dispensation of their
Divine Author, relaxed, and the universe would
soon be hurled into atoms and choas be once
again."
A word more, sir, and I shall have done.
What will the public ask, what will the world
ask, was the motive for this legislation when
history coiui's to record the events ot the day.
Congress has been passing acts of legislation
which were supposed to be questionable ; tiie
power to pass them doubted. The President
of the United States sought to prevent them
by messages containing an argument to demon-
! strate the want of authority to pass tlieim Con-
! gress passed the act of February 5, 186/. and
j under that act a case finds its wav into the
! Supreme Court, was argued several days or a
i week or more prior to the 11th of March,
I 1808, and rumor had it that it was to be de
! aided. The court had no authorl$/°
: it except by virtue of that act; and 11
i pealing it, without original explanation of its
