1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1097
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If my colleague is en-
tirely satisfied, on examination, that this is an
exceptional case, I will not object to the pas-
sage of tlie bill. The principle was what I was
afraid of.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I had supposed that the
statute to which Senators refer was practically
a dead letter, because it certainly has not been
complied with in reference to claims of this
description. It is almost impossible to tell
what does or does not constitute Indian coun-
try. Take Oregon, for instance. No treaties
were made with the Indians to extinguish the
Indian title there, but Congress passed a dona-
tion act inviting settlers to go there and take
possession of the lands, and in pursuance of
that they did go there and took the lands and
occupied them, and the Government made
title; and yet there were no treaties with the
Indians extinguishing their title, andnumerous
claims of this description exist in that country,
growing out of the depredations committed by
the Indians upon white people. I do not object
to the passage of this bill if it can be made ap-
plicable to all similar cases; but I object to
making an exception of any particular case
and not applying the rule generally to cases
of this description. I know that I have in my
hands now papers showing depredations in
what is technically called the Indian country
upon white persons who are lawfully there in
pursuance of an invitation by Congress, and of
course I shall expect, if this bill passes, that
their claims will receive the same attention at
the hands of Congress.
Mr. CONNESS. I have had claims sent to
me since I have been here, and some now in
my possession, by citizens of the United States
who suffered a loss of nearly their entire prop-
erty, some of the parties losing their lives, by
the depredations of Indians on the plains,
where the parties ware legally and legitimately,
and where the Government of the United States
undertook to protect them, but failed in that
protection. Every citizen must know that he
takes risks in crossing the plains; but they go ;
and upon losing their property they are entitled
under the law to which the chairman of the
committee has alluded to payment just as much
as in this ease; but I have not pressed these
claims upon Congress, but have replied to them
that they were, in my opinion, a class of claims
which could not be properly pressed against
the Government. And yet, under this law—I
know the statute the Senator refers to—they
would technically come. It is time that the
law should be examined. 1 think it is wrong
that we should now establish the rule of making
compensation for every horse and mule lost in
the Indian country. Persons who go into new
countries, if they be in the Army, go there to
take some chances and some risks. The plun-
der or loss of .their horses or stock by Indians
is one of the incidents of their position; and
it is very difficult to distinguish, when stock is
lost in an Indian country, how it is lost. It is
a very general habit to charge it to the Indians;
but it is lost to the party because it is allowed
to stray and go forth with insufficient care.
The Indians are said to have stolen it. They
do often do so; and if we are to make the
national Treasury responsible for the stock
stolen in what is callcd the Indian country I
think we had better engage in filling the Treas-
ury at a greater rate than we have filled it
recently.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, House bill No. 480 is
bA'ore the Senate, the pending question being
the motion to refer to the Judiciary Committee,
with instructions, on which the Senator from
Kentucky is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SUMNElt. 1 hope the Senator from
Kentucky will allow the resolution that I offered
yesterday to be taken up and passed.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 have no objection to any
business that will not consume time.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask that the resolution
offered by me yesterday relating to a recent
outrage in this neighborhood he taken up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore It requires
unanimous consent.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senatorfrom Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Buckalew] objected to that reso-
lution yesterday, as I understood. He is not in
his seat this morning. 1 do not know for what
purpose he objected, but as lie is not here I
objeet for him now.
Mr. S UMNER. The Senator stated that he
would not object to its consideration to-day.
Mr. HENDRICKS. He is not here. Per-
haps he wishes to make some remarks on it.
I do not know.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Indiana objects.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection to the
transaction of any business which will not lead
to discussion.
message prom the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
G64) granting a pension to the minor children
of Charles Gouler, and a joint resolution (H.
R. No. 201) in relation to the Rock island
bridge, in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
LAND GRANTS TO NEVADA.
Mr. STEWART. The other evening, when
we went into executive session, we had under
consideration a bfll in regard to lands in Ne-
vada, which was about ready to be passed. I
should like to be allowed to proceed with that
a few moments now. I think it can very soon
be disposed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Nevada asks unanimous consent to
take up the bill mentioned by him, which is
the bill (S. No. l'JO) to further provide for
giving effect to the various grants of public
lands to the State of Nevada. The Chair hears
no objection, and that bill will be considered
as before the Senate. When it was last under
consideration the pending question was on an
amendment to the amendment, made as in
Committee of the Whole, to strike out in lines
nine, ten, eleven, and twelve of section two of
that amendment the following words:
This act shall apply to selections heretofore made
withthesame limitations and restrictions applicable
to future selections: Provided, That the same shall not
interfere with any rightJul claims under the preemp-
tion or homestead law.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole, as amended, was concurred in.
Mr. CONNESS. I now offer the following
amendment as a new section :
And be it further enacted, That the provisions of
this act shall apply to the lands granted to the State
of California by the act of July 2,18152, known as the
agricultural eollego grant.
I wish to explain this to Senators. We
simply want the provisions in the bill which is
pending applied to our State so far as the grant
made to our State for an agricultural college
is concerned. California has made no selec-
tions as yet for that purpose ; and the Governor
of the State in his last annual message called
public attention to the fact, and called our
attention here to the fact that the President of
the United States was not proclaiming or offer-
ing for sale land from which the selections
could be made. The pending bill provides
that the State of Nevada may select from the
even sections reserved in the railroad grants,
provided they take one acre for two. because
the price fixed on those sections is $'2 50 per
acre. On the same terms we desire the priv-
ilege of selecting the agricultural college lands
from that area in our State.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The bill which the
Senator from Nevada has called up was con-
sidered by the Committee on Public Lands
with a good deal of care, and the precise pro-
visions which it contains were agreed upon by
that committee. The proposition of the Sen-
ator from California has not been before that
committee. It may be right; it may be that
on examination I shall have no objection to it;
but I think that so important a proposition as
that ought to be considered by the committee
before it is agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I would call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Indiana to the fact
that it is precisely in harmony with tlie provis-
ions of the agricultural college grant of July
2, 1862. In the fifth subdivision bf the fifth
section of that act it is provided:
" When lands shall be selected from those which
have been raised to double the minimum price, in
consequence of railroad grants, they shall be com-
puted to the States at the maximum price, and the
number of acres proportionatelyMiminished."
That is all this amendment provides for, but
the same difficulty exists in California with
regard to the withdrawal of the Pacific railroad
grants that exist in Nevada. This does not
change the law, and does not interfere with
anything the railroads want. It keeps the law
substantially as it was. I have examined the
amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator from
Nevada be entirely accurate the amendment is
not necessary. If the bill granting to the State
of California, with the other States, lands for
an agricultural college authorizes their loca-
tion in the name of the State upon the two
and a half dollar lands there is no need of this
amendment. But, Mr. President, one or two
years ago we legislated with a good deal of
detail in regard to the lands of California, quiet-
ing titles. The Committee on Public Lands
gave a good deal of attention to the subject,
and it was a very embarrassing subject, and
we feel the embarrassment to some extent
yet, but I think the result of our action was
beneficial to the pe.ople and to the State of
California. Now, how far that legislation may
mingle with this proposition I do not know.
Mr. CONNESS. Not at all.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I cannot vote for an
amendment of such importance as this without
some better opportunity to examine it than I
can possibly have here in the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to say to the hon-
orable Senator that this has no connection
with the laws passed to which he refers. I have
already stated that no selections have yet been
made by the State of California under the grant
for an agricultural college, that the State is
now taking steps for the organization and erec-
tion of a building for such a college, and that
the Governor of the State, in his last message
in December last, called attention^ the fact
that the State could not, under existing laws,
locate these lands and get them in aid of tho
organization of the agricultural college, and
requested us here to take such steps as should
enable the State to select these lands.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the difficulty?
Why can you not do it?
Mr. CONNESS. The difficulty is the same
that exists in the State of Nevada', which calls
for the passage of this bill, that the lands are
not offered for sale in the State of California
any longer to any greater extent than are taken
up by preemptions and for homestead settle-
ment. This mass of lauds laying alongside of
the railroads to which grants have been made,
constituting the even sections, are by law sub
ject to preemption and settlements ; but such
as are not preempted and settled it is provided
by this amendment may be taken as a portion
of the grant to the State in lieu of the grant
made for an agricultural college, provided that
the State take but one acre, they being maxi-
mum priced lands at S'2 50 per acre for every
two acres to which she would have been en-
titled under that grant. Thus the Senator can
clearly see that the proposition is easily under-
stood. I avail myself of this opportunity m
place of introducing a separate bill, which the
Senator understands very well but additionally
clogs up our business. If it were not a simple
proposition, easily- understood, I would not
attempt it in this way.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from Cali-
fornia knows how reluctant I am to interpose
any objection to a proposition of this sort made
