THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Drake, Ferry, Howard, Howe, Morgan, Morrill of
Maine, Morton, Nye, Ramsey. Sherman, Stewart,
Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, and wilson—18.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Grimes, Harlan, Wade,
and Yates—1.
So the motion to postpone was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON submitted the following
resolution:
Resolved, That Rule 7 be amended by substituting
therefor the following:
The Presiding Officer of the Senate shall direet all
necessary preparations in the Senate Chamber, and
the presiding officer on the trial shall direct all the
forms of proceeding while the Senate are sitting for
the purpose of trying an impeachment, and all forms
during the trial not otherwise specially provided for.
And the presiding officer on the trial may rule all
questions of evidence and incidental questions, which
ruling shall stand as the judgment of the Senate,
unless some member of the Senate shall ask that a
formal vote be taken thereon, in which case it shall
bo submitted to the Senate for decision; or he may,
at his option, in the first instanco submit any such
question to a vote of tho members of the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, moved to amend
tlie proposed rule by striking out the words
"which ruling shall stand as the judgment of
the Senate."
After debate,
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER moved to amend the resolu-
tion by adding thereto:
That the Chief Justice of the United States, pre-
siding in the Senate on the trial of the President of tho
United States, is not a member of the Senate, and
has no authority, under the Constitution, to vote on
any question during tho trial, and he can pronounce
decision only as the organ of tho Senate, with its
assent.
After debate.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays
on his amendment, and they were ordered ; and
being taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 20; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Chandler, Conk-
ling, Conness, Corbctt, Cragin,Drake, Howard, Mor-
gan, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Nve, Pomeroy,
Ramsev, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Trum-
bull, Williams, and Wilson—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Baya-rd, Buckalew, Cole, Davis,
Dixon, Doolittle, Edmunds, Ferry, Fcssendon, Fow-
ler, Frelinghuysen, Henderson, Hendricks, Howe,
Johnson, MoCreery, Morrill of Vermont, Norton,
Patterson of New Hampshire, Patterson of Tennes-
see, Ross, Sherman, Sprague, Van Winkle, Vickers,
and Willey—2fi.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anthony, Grimes, Harlan,
Saulsbury, Wade, and Yates—6.
So the amendment of Mr. Sumkeh was re-
jected.
Mr. DRAKE moved to amend the resolu-
tion by striking out all after the word " that"
and inserting:
It is the judgment of the Senate that under the
Constitution tho Chief Justice presiding over tho
Senate in the pending trial has no privilege of rul-
ing questions of law arising thereon, but that all
such questions should be submitted to a decision by
the Senate alone.
After debate,
Mr. DRAKE called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 80; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Cameron, Cattell, Chandler, Cole,
Colliding, Conness, Drake, Ferry, Howard, Ilowe,
Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Nye, Ramsey,
Stewart. Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, and Wilson—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buckalew, Cor-
bett, Cragin, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Edmunds, Fes-
senden. Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Henderson, Hend-
rieks. Johnson, McCreery, Morrillof Vermont.Nor-
ton, Patterson of Now Hampshire, Patterson of Ten-
nessee, Pomeroy, Ross. Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague.
Trumbull, Van Winkle, Vickers, Willcy, and Wil-
liams—30.
NOT VOTING-Messrs. Grimes, Harlan, Wade,
and Yates—4.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question recurring on the rule proposed
by Mr. Hexdep.sox, after debate,
Mr. FERRY called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted in—yeas 31, nays 19; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buckalew, Cam-
eron, Corbett, Cragin, Daviss Dixon, Doolittle,
Edmunds, Fcssenden, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Hen-
deison, Hcndiieks, Johnson, McCreery, Morrill of
Vermont, Norton, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Patterson of Tennessee, Pomeroy, Ross, Saulsbury,
Sherman, Sprague. Trumbull, Van Winkle, Vickers,
Willev.' and Williams-31.
NAYS—Messis. Cattell. Chandler, Cole, Conkling,
Conness, Drake. Ferry, Howard, Howe, Morgan,
Morrill of Maine, Morton, Nye, Ramsey, Stewart,
Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, and Wilson—19.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Grimes, Harlan, Wade,
and Yates—4.
So the resolution submitted by Mr. Hen#
derson was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That the Chief Justice of the United
States presiding in the Senate on tho trial of the
President of the United States is not a member of
the Senate, and has no authority under the Consti-
tution to vote on any question during tho trial.
Mr. HENDRICKS objected to the recep-
tion of the proposition, as it did not relate to
the matter on which the Senate had retired to
confer; and he moved that the Senate return
to the Senate Chamber; which motion was
agreed to.
The Senate returned to its Chamber at
eighteen minutes cast six o'clock p. m.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senate has
had under consideration the question before it
when it retired, and has directed me to report
Ihe rule adopted, which will be read by the
Secretary.
The Secretary. The seventh rule, as now
amended, reads:
The Presiding Officer of the Senate shall direct all
necessary preparations in tho Senate Chamber, and
the presiding officer on the trial shall direet all the
forms of proceeding while tho Senate aro sitting for
the purpose of trying an impeachment, and all forms
during tho trial not otherwise specially provided for.
And the presiding officer on tho trial may rule all
questions of evidence and incidental quostions, which
ruling shall stand as the judgment of the Senate,
unless some member of the Sonate shall ask that a
formal vote be taken thereon; in which case it shall
be submitted to the Senate for decision, or ho may,
at his option, in the first instanco submit any such
question to a vote of the members of the Senate.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Gentlemen Man-
agers on the part of the House of Represent-
atives, you will please state your question.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Will you spare us
a moment for consultation ? The chairman of
the Managers is out.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, unless
the Managers desire that we should continue
now in session to take immediate action, I
would propose that the Senate adjourn until
half past twelve o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. FERRY and others. The rules fix
twelve o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well: until twelve
o'clock. If the Managers desire to submit any
particular action at this moment I will with-
draw the motion ; if not, I insist upon it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move, first, that the
rules, as amended, be printed for the use of the
Senate.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator from
Oregon moves that the rules, as amended, be
printed for the use of the Senate.
The question being put, the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now renew my motion
that the Senate, sitting as a court of impeach-
ment, adjourn.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. We have nothing
to oppose to the motion.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Have the counsel
for the President anything to propose?
Messrs. Staxbery and Evarts indicated that
they had not.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. It is moved that
the Senate, sitting as a court of impeachment,
adjourn until to-morrow at twelve o'clock. _
The motion was agreed to; and tho Chief
Justice declared the Senate, sitting as a court
of impeachment, adjourned until to-morrow at
twelve o'clock.
Wednesday, April 1, 18G8.
The Chief Justice of the United States en-
tered the Senate Chamber at five minutes past
twelve o'clock and took the chair.
The usual proclamation having been made
by the Sergeant-at-Arms,
The Managers of the impeachment on the
part of the House of Representatives appeared
and took the seats assigned them.
The counsel for the respondent also appeared
and took their seats.
The presence of the House of Representa-
tives was next announced, and- the members
of the House, as in Committee of the Whole,
headed by Mr. E. B. Washbokne, the chairman
of the committee, accompanied by the Speaker
and Clerk, entered the Chamber, and were con-
ducted to the seats provided for them.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the minutes of the last day's proceedings.
The Secretary read the Journal of the pro-
ceedings of the Senate yesterday sitting for
the trial of the impeachment.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I send to
the Chair an order which is in the nature of a
correction of the Journal.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the order proposed.
The Secretary read as follows :
It appearing from the reading of the Journal of
yesterday that on a question where the Senate were
equally divided tho Chief Justice, presiding on the
trial of tho President, gave a casting vote, it is hereby
declared that, in the judgment of the Senate, suea
vote was without authority under the Constitution
of the United, States.
Mr. SUMNER. On that question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21,. nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Cole, Conk-
ling, Conness, Cragin, Drake, Howard, Howe, Mor-
gan, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Stewart, Sumner, Thayor, Tipton, Trumbull, Wil-
liams, and Wilson—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buckalew, Cor-
bett, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Edmunds, Ferry, Fcs-
senden, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Henderson,
Hendricks, Johnson, McCreery, Morrill of Vermont,
Norton, Patterson of New Hampshire, Patterson of
Tennessee, Ross, Sherman, Sprague, Van Winkle,
Vickers. and Willey—27.
N OT VOTIN G—Messrs.Cattell, Harlan,Nye, Sauls-
bury, Wade, and Yates—6.
So tho proposed order was rejected.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Senators, during
the proceedings yesterday a question was sub-
mitted by the Managers on the part of the
impeachment in relation to evidence, and that
question was objected to by the counsel for the
President. The Managers will now please to
submit that question in writing.
Mr. Manager Butler presented the ques-
tion in writing at the Secretary's desk.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the question.
The Secretary read tho following question
proposed to be put to the witness, Waltep. A.
Bueleigh :
" You said yesterday, in answer to my question, that
you had aconversation with General Lorenzo Thomas
on tho evening of the 21st of Februaiy last._ State if
he said anything as to the means by which he in-
tended to obtain, or was directed by the President
to obtain, possession of the War Department? If so,
state all he said as nearly as you can."
Mr. STANBERY. We object, Mr. Chief
Justice.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Do you desire to
make any observations to the court?
Mr. STANBERY. We do, sir.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question will
be submitted to the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. What is the question?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the question again.
The Secretary again read the question.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I desire to submit a question.
The CUIEF J USTICE. The Secretary will
read the question submitted by the Senator
from New Jersey [Mr. Frelixghuyse}?] to the
Managers.
The Secretary read as follows:
Do the Managers intend to connect the conversa-
tion between the witness and General Thomas with
the respondent?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Are the Managers
prepared to reply to the question ?
Mr. Manager BUTLEK. _ Mr. President, if
the point is to be argued, with the leave of the
Senate we will endeavor to answer that ques-
tion in the argument.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. It is to be argued.
The honorable Manager will proceed, if he
desires.
Mr. STANBERY. We do not hear the
answer.
