1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4169
$100,000, and of that nearly one hundred
thousand dollars of excess about fifty or sixty
thousand dollars were in pursuance of direct
requisitions made on the Department by the
peace commissioners to supply Indians col-
lected at Fort Laramie to make treaties be-
tween themselves and the United States.
Then it appears from these letters that when
the appropriations were about exhausted the
Department notified the contractors, and they,
of course, if they supplied anything beyond
that, did it at their own hazard. Congress may
appropriate it or not as they see proper. Of
course no one here can know, nor can any
Senator ever know, whether every dollar's
worth of these provisions was applied as it
ought to have been. It is unfortunately true
that human nature is sometimes weak, and all
men are not honest, as we have learned to our
sorrow ; but I do not believe that there is in
any departmentof the Governmentthat amount
of fraud and corruption which we might be
induced to believe by some of the speeches that
have been made here to-night. I believe that
a majority of mankind are honest and disposed
to do right; and I think this remark is as appli-
cable to the Interior Department as to any
other Department of the Government. More-
over, perhaps I ought to remark that all these
accounts will be examined in the usual way.
They will have to be first tested by the officers
of the Government in the immediate vicinity,
and under whose eyes these provisions were
supplied.
Mr. CONNESS. What officers ?
Mr. HARLAN. The superintendents of In-
dian affairs and the Indian agents, frail men,
of course, like the rest of us. They may do
wrong; perhaps some of them have done
wrong. Then they go to the Indian Bureau, and
there they are subjected to all the tests that
any vouchers are subjected to in relation to
expendituies under any department of the Gov-
ernment. Inoin that bureau they go to one
of the Comptrollers of the Treasury, where
they undergo his supervision. So that 1 think
it is stretching a little to suppose that this is,
in the first place, a gigantic fraud, or if there
have been some irregularities, that they will
not be ferreted out, and that in a majority of
cases any transaction connected with this ser-
vice that has been wrong will not be exposed.
As 1 before remarked, I do not know per-
sonally whether this is right or not; but the
facts 1 have submitted 1 have derived from the
source I have named, and on the whole I feel
inclined to vote for the amendment.
Mr. STEWART. The argument so far proves
that it is possible that there may have been a
necessity for this expenditure, and that it may
have been all right. It does not go further
than that. Gentlemen simply undertake to
make out a case showing that it may be possi-
ble that this is right. 1 undertake to say that
there is no affirmative proof that it is. There
is nothing here to show that the peace com-
mission ever ordered these supplies, and I do
not believe they did. If General Sherman
stated that this was necessary, and that he had
ordered it to be done, I would vote for the ap-
propriations with as much confidence as I
would for an appropriation in any part of the
country where it was subjcct to tests.
Mr. HARLAN. I have it from the source
I have referred to that these contracts were
made in pursuance of a recommendation made
by the peace commissioners, and that the let-
ters are on file in the Department recommend-
ing it, and notifying them of the probable
number of Indians that would need to be pro-
vided for at each of these points, and that the
contracts were given out after due advertise-
ment under the law as other contracts are, to
the lowest bidder.
Mr. Sl'EWART. That matter has not been
examined by any committee. It seems to me
the expenditure was inspired by the letter of
the contractor to the Commissioner.
Mr. FRELINGHUYS15X. No. The state-
ment is that nothing has been furnished since.
Mr. CONNESS. If the case were as now
stated, I should vote for the appropriation
myself; but I desire to have the Commission-
er's letter read again.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter:
Department Ixteriok,
Office Indian Affaiks, July 11,1868.
Sir : Referring to the matter of the subsistence of
friendly Indians and to the appropriation of $300,000,
made last year for that purpose, I have to say that
in each ot the contracts made by this bureau for
supplies for such Indians there was a clause to the
effect that the contractor should continue furnishing
supplies for thirty days alter receiving notice to
cease the delivery.
Timely notice was given to the contractors to stop
furnishing supplies; butowing, in agreatineasure.to
the great distance and isolated location of the points
where the subsistence was being issued to the In-
dians. the agents of the contractors continued deliv-
ering, and the special agents of the Department con-
tinued receiving supplies, until the cost thereof
together with the cost of articles furnished by various
parties under orders of the Indian peace commis-
sion, and the expenses incident to the delivery of
the subsistence to the Indians, largely exceeded the
amount of the appropriation.
There are vouchers now in this office in favor of
Thomas A. Osborn, for supplies furnished under his
contract to the amount of. $31,0-t2 93
And in favor of Louis Stettauer for sup-
plies furnished to about five thousand four
hundred and seventy-nine Indians in Feb-
ruary, March, April, and May last, to the
amount of. C6.9S1 65
Total 898,024 58
I am also advised that there are vouchers not yet
presented for payment in favor of Mr. Osbornto the
amount of about sixty-nine thousand eight hundred
and two dollars and fifty-three cents for supplies
furnished during inonthof May last to about fourteen
thousand Indians. This will make about the sum of
one hundred and sixty-seven thousand eigbthundred
and twenty-seven dollars and eleven cents, due and
owing to Messrs. Osborn and Stettauer under their
contracts.
In addition to this there will be required for salary
of tho special agents and to pay their necessary
expenses the further sum of So,000, making in all a
detieiency of $172,827 11, in the appropriation forsub-
sistence of triendly Indians.
I respectfully request that this matter be laid before
Congress, with an urgent recommendation that the
sum of $172,827 11 be appropriated to enable the
Department to settle up this indebtedness and to pay
the balances due the special agents.
Vciy respectfully, your obedient servant,
X. (j. TAYLOR, Commissioner.
Hon. 0. II. Browning, Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. STEWART. It appears from that let-
ter that after they got notice they delivered
more than they had before they got notice.
They appear to have rushed in their goods
pretty rapidly — $<30,000 in one item, and
St30,000to come in in the months of April and
May, after this notice. There was $120,000
worth rushed out there in a few days after
notice was given, so that they seem to have
been making hay while the sun shone.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator will see why
that would be so. No one of these men per-
haps owned a very large proportion of these
supplies ; and they bought tliem of other par-
ties with a view of furnishing the Indians, and
hence the stipulation in the contract that they
should have thirty days' notice in advance
when they should stop sending out provisions.
They had bought goods and bad them on hand.
The food would be of no use to them, or but
little use unless they sent it to the points where
it was to be consumed, and they sent it out,
taking their chances with Congress for an
appropriation. That is just what tho Senator
would have done or what I would have done
under similar circumstances.
Mr. STEWART. I am tired of these Indian
appropriations. I see economy on everything
else but Indian affairs. I want now to say a
word to my friend from Maine. He speaks
of the enormous expenditure of the Army. I
am as much opposed to the Army going into
the Indian country as he is. As I have often
remarked, 1 do not think we need any army
in the Indian country, and I do not think we
need an army of Indian agents either.
1 think a lew such men as General Sherman,
with authority to do almost what he pleased
without any Army, would be a great deal bet-
ter. Let him call on the inhabitants for vol-
unteers if he wants to do any fighting, and
stop your expenditure of twenty, thirty, or forty
millions a year for troops in the Indian coun-
try. Under such circumstances I would trust
the matter to his good sense. What there is
of success in this mission is owing to his good
sense. I do not think you want a horde of
Indian agents or the Army in the Indian coun-
try. I never have believed in either. They
are at war with each other, and are spending
your money like water. I would not speak of
it if it were this little item alone ; but it is mil
lions upon millions yearly, and when you go
into the Indian country you hear nothing but
allegations of bad faith. Call the Army offi-
cers together, and they will tell you that the
Indians have been swindled all the time, and
very likely the same story will be told you by
the Indian chiefs. You find that you have
appropriated for sending a certain amount of
goods to the Indians; and the chiefs can prove
to you that they never got them. I think there
should be the most conclusive proofs whenever
money is professed to have been expended for
the Indians ; we should have the most com-
plete proof that it was done, and not mere let-
ters stating this, that, and the other. That is
unsatisfactory and unbusiness-like.
I think when everybody admits that there is
a large amount of money appropriated for
Indian purposes that does notreach the Indians,
it is time some investigation was made. It
ought to be somebody's duty to audit and
inquire into these accounts, and I undertake
to say the vouchers ought to be before the com-
mittee. There is a universal belief that the
Indian agents and Indian contractors do not
furnish the goods to the Indians. That being
the case, mere letters from them ought not to
be evidence to justify appropriations. The
Commissioner says, with regard to $60,000 of
this appropriation, that the vouchers have not
come in, that it has been communicated to
him that that amount of money has been ex-
pended, and therefore he asks us to make an
appropriation.
Thus it will be seen we are asked to make
appropriations for claim3 the vouchers and
papers for which have not even reached the
Indian office, and of course there can be no
investigation, and no scrutiny of them. We
are to blame for the wholesale swindling of
the Indians and for these wholesale appro-
priations of public money, because we do not
examine the vouchers and require the contract-
ors to prove their accounts. Here is a good
case to begin with. Let them prove up this
case. It will keep. They were anxious to
continue the contract. They furnished about
one hundred and thirty thousand dollars worth,
as near as I can estimate, after they had notice,
in the last month, one third as much as they
had in tho whole year previous. This shows
that they were anxious to furnish the supplies.
The claim is a new one. Let these parties
bring their vouchers here, and let a committee
examine them. It is time there was some ex-
amination made. It is time wq should stop
makingappropriations for deficiencies, particu-
larly when $tj0,000 in this appropriation is
only based on hearsay.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin, upon which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 80, nays 5; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott,Buckalew, Chandler, Cole,
Corbeit, Davis, Dooiittle, Drake, Fessenden, Freling-
huysen, liarlan, Howe, McDonald. Morrill of Maine,
Nye, Osborn, l'omeroy. llamsev, Rice, Ross, Sprague,
Thayer,Tipton, Van Winkle, Vickers, Wade, Welch,
Wiiley, Williams, and Wilson—30.
NA1S—Messrs. Oonkling, Conness, Morgan, Pat-
terson of New Hampshire, and Stewart—o.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cameron,
Cattcll, Oragin, Dixon, Edmunds, Ferry, Fowjer,
Grimes, Han is, Henderson, Hendricks, Howard, Kel-
losg, MeUreery, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Norton,
Patterson of Tennessee, Pool, Saulsbury^ Sherman,
Sumner, Trumbull, Whyte, and Yates—27.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TIPTON. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WILLBY. I move to amend the bill
by adding as an additional section :
And be it further enacted, Tiiat all luonoys paid as
