u
SUPPLEMENT TO
Mr. Manager BUTLER. The answer is,
Mr, President, if you will allow me to repeat
it, tliafc, as I understand, the point raised is to
be argued on the one side and the other, we
will endeavor to answer the question submitted
by the Senator from New Jersey in the course
of our argument.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I should
like to hear the question read again, as I think
the answer to the inquiry of the Senator from
New Jersey is in the question propounded by
the Managers, as I heard it.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the question again. Senators will please
give their attention.
The Secretary again read the question of
Mr. Manager Butler.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Do the Managers
propose to answer the question of the Senator
from New Jersey?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. If there is to be
no argument, Mr. President, I will answer the
question proposed. If there is to be an argu-
ment on the part of the counsel for the Presi-
dent, we propose, as a more convenient method,
to answer the question in the course of our
argument, because otherwise we might have to
make an argument now. I can say that we do
propose to connect the respondent with this
testimony.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Senators-
Mr. STANBERY. Is it in order now, Mr.
Chief Justice, for us to argue the question?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. If the counsel
desire to submit any observations to the Sen-
ate, they may do so.
Mr. STANBERY. Mr. Chief Justice and
Senators, we have at length reached the domain
of law; we are no longer to argue questions
of mere form or modes of procedure, but have
come at last to a distinct legal question, proper
to be argued by lawyers and to be considered
by lawyers.
The question now, Mr. Chief Justice and
Senators, is, whether any foundation is laid,
either in the articles or in any testimony yet
given, why the declarations of General Thomas
should be used in evidence against the Presi-
dent. General Thomas is not on trial; it is
the President, the President alone, and the
testimony to be offered must be testimony that
is binding upon him or admissible against him.
It is agreed that the President was not pres-
ent on the evening of the 21st of February,
when General Thomas made these declara-
tions. They were made in his absence. He
had no opportunity of hewing them or contra-
dicting them. If they are to be used against
him, it is because they were utteied by some
one speaking for him, who was authorized by
him to make these declarations of his inten-
tions and his purposes.
Now, first of all, what foundation is laid why
the deeiarationsof General Thomas as to what
he intended to do, or what the President had
authorized him to do, should be given in evi-
dence against the President? It will be seen
that by the first article the offense charged
against the President is that ho issued a cer-
tain order to Mr. Stanton for his removal; or-
dering his removal, and adding that General
Thomas was authorized to receive from him a
transfer of the books, papers, records, and
property in the Department. Now, the of-
fense laid in that article is not as to anything
that was done under it, but simply that in
itself the mere issuing of that order is the
gravamen of the offense charged. So much
for the first article.
What is the second ? That 011 the same day,
the21stof February, 1868, the Presidentissucd
a letter of authority to General Thomas, and
the gravamen there is the issuing of that letter
of authority, not anything done under it.
What next? The thiid article goes upon
the same letter of authority, and charges the
issuing of it to be an offense with intention to
violate a certain statute.
Then we come to the fourth article, which
charges a conspiracy. Senators will observe
that in the three first articles the evidence
charged is issuing certain orders, nothing be-
yond, as in violation either of the Constitution
or of the act called the tenure-of-oflice act.
$ut by the fourth article the Managers proceed
to charge us with an entirely new offense
against a totally different statute, and that is
a conspiracy between General Thomas and the
President and other persons unknown, by
"force" in one article, "by intimidation and
threats" in another, to hinder and prevent Mr.
Stanton from holding the office of Seeretary
of War, and that in pursuance of that conspir-
acy certain acts were done which are not
named, with intent to violate the conspiracy
act of July, 1861.
'These are the only charges that have uny
relevancy to the question which is now put. I
need not refer to the other articles, iti which
offenses are charged against the President
arising out of his declarations to General Em-
ory, the speeches made, one at the Executive
Mansion in August, 1866, another at Cleve-
land on the 3d day of September, 1866, and
another at St. Louis on the 8th of September,
1866. For the presentthcy are out of the way.
Now, what proof has yet been made under
the first eight articles? The proof is simply,
so far as this question is concerned, the pro-
duction in evidence of the orders themselves.
There they are to speak for themselves. As
yet we have not had one particle of proof of
what was said by the President, either before
or after he gave those orders or at the time
that he gave those orders—not one word.
The only foundation now laid for the intro-
duction of this testimony is the production of
the orders themselves. The attempt made
here is, by the declarations of General Thomas,
to show with what intent the President issued
those orders; not by producing him here to
testify what the President told him, but with-
out having him sworn at all. to bind the Pres-
ident by his declarations not made under oath ;
made without the possibility of cross-examin-
ation or contradiction by the President himself:
made as though they are made by the authority
of the President.
Now, Senators, what foundation is laid to
show such authority, given by the President to
General Thomas, to speak for him as to his
intent, or even as to General Thomas's intent,
which is quite another question. You must
find the foundation in the orders themselves,
for as yet you have 110 other place to look for
it. .Now, what are these orders? That issued
to General Thomas is the most material one;
but, that I may take the whole, I will read also
that issued and directed to Mr. Stanton him-
self. He says to Mr. Stanton, by his order of
Februaiy 21, 1808:
"Silt: l>y virtuGof the power and authority vested
in me as President by the (Jonstuution and laws of
! the IIlilted States yon am heieby removed Irom
| office as Secretary tor the Department of War, and
; your functions as such will terminate upon receipt
I of this communication.
| " You will tiansler to Brevet Major General Lo-
j renzo Thomas, Adjutant Gencial ot the Army, who
| has this <Liy been authorized and cmpoweied to act
I as Secretary of War ud interna, a\\ reeoids, books,
1 papers, anil other public property now in your
j custody and charge.''
So much for that. Then the order to Gen-
eral Thomas of the same day is:
Sxa: lion, Bdivm M. Stnnton having been this
day letnovcd irom office as Secietaiy tor the Depait-
mcllt ol'War, you are hereby authorized and em-
j powered to act as Secretary of War ad intct-im, and
| will immediately enter upon the discharge of the
! duties pertaining to that ollicc.
i Mr. Stanton has been instructed to transfer to you
all therecords, books, papers, and other public prop-
erty nuw in his custody and charge.
Uecppcttnliy,yours, ANDREW JOHNSON.
To Brevet AlajorOeneral Loiucxzo Thomas, Adjutant
tjentral United ULaten Army, Washington, I). (J.
\ There they are; they speak for themselves,
| orders made by the President to two of his
! subordinates; an order directing one of them
| to vacate his office and to transfer the books
; and public property in his possession to another
I party, and the order to that other party to take
; possession of the office, receive a transfer of
1 the books, and act as Secretary of War ad
jj interim. Gentlemen, does that make them
|i conspirators? Is that proof of a conspiracy
or tending to have a conspiracy? Does that
make General Thomas an agent of the Presi-
dent in such a sense as that the President is to
be bound by everythingI10says and everything
he does even within the scope ot his agency?
if it makes liim his agent, does this letter of
authority, this written authority, authorize him
to do anythingbut that which he is commanded
to do—go there and demand possession, go
there and receive a transfer from the person ?
Does it authorize him to use force? Does it
authorize him to go beyond the letter and the
meaning of the authority which is given him?
Not at all.
Now, in the first place, it must be either on
the footing of a conspiracy between General
Thomas aud the President or upon the_l'ooting
of a direct agency, in which the President is
the principal and General Thomas is the agent,
that the deeiarationsof General Thomas, either
as coconspirator or as agent of a principal,
acting within his authority, are to be admitted
in evidence. I do not know any other ground
upon which the learned Managers can place
the admissibility of this hearsay declaration,
not under oath, by a party not 011 the record.
I agree that when a proper foundation is
laid by proof of a conspiracy in which A, B,
and C are concerned then the declarations of
any one of the conspirators, made while the
conspiracy is in process, made, too, in further-
ance of the conspiracy, not outside of it, not
in reference to any other unlawful act, but in
reference to the very unlawful act agreed upon,
may be admitted. I concede that, undei these
circumstances, the declaration of any one con-
spirator binds all his fellows, although made
in their absense. So, too, I agree, Senators,
that when an agency is established, either by
parol proof or by writing—and when established
by writing that is the measure of the agency,
and you cannot extend it by parol proof—
when an agency is constituted either by parol
proof or by writing to do a certain thing, the
acts, and, under certain circumstances, the
declarations of the agent, made in performance
of that authority, not outside of it, but in per-
formance of it, bind the principal.
Now, I ask this honorable court where is
there any evidence yet establishing anything
like a conspiracy between the President and
General Thomas? Where is there any proof
jet establishing any agency between General
Thomas and the President, in which the Presi-
dent was principal and General Thomas the
agent, save this letter of authority? 1 do not
admit that this letter of authority constitutes
the relation of principal and agent at all. I
do not admit that the President is to be bound
by any declarations made by General Thomas
on the footing that he is agent of the Presi-
dent ; but if he were, if this were a case strictly
of principal aud agent, then I say this letter of
authority gives 110 authoiity to General Thomas
to bind his principal beyond the express
authority so given.
The object of this proof, as we are told by
the learned Manager, is to show that General
Thomas declared that it was his intention and
the intention ofthe President, ill executingthat
authority, to use force, intimidation, and
threats. Does the authority authorize any-
thing of that sort, even if it were a case of prin-
cipal and agent? Suppose a principal gives
authority to his agent to go and take possession
of a house of his in the occupation of a tenant,
and to receive from that tenant the delivery of
the house; does it authorize the agent to go
there maiiufoi ti to commit an assault and bat-
tery upon the tenant, to drive him out vi et
armis, or even scarcely to use the molliter
1 manus? I submit not. Is the principal to be
made a criminal by the act of his agent acting
simply under an authority which purports
only to give a right of peaceable possession
and of surrender by the consent of the party in
possession ? Is the principal to be bound by
any excess of authority used by his agent in
executing it; or is he. when the authority is in
writing and does not authorize force to be
bound by the declarations of the agent that
