4170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
Patent Office fees shall be appropriated to a fund, to
be known as the Patent Office iund, to be used for
the payment of the salaries of the officers and em-
ployes, and all other expenses of the Patent Otlice,
and for such other purposes as may be specially pro-
vided by law.
Mr. MORRILL of Maine._ Will the Sen-
ator be good enough to explain that? Does it
come from a committee ?
Mr. WILLEY. It does not come from a
committee; it is not asking any appropriation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. 1 do not quite
understand it.
Mr. WILLEY. In looking over the papers
the other day and reading the report of the
conference committee upon House bill No.
818, making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses for the year ending June 00, 1809, I
was very much surprised to iiud that an amend-
ment had been proposed by that committee and
passed the Senate on the day before, changing
the arrangements and policy of the Patent
Office in a very fundamental particular. The
matter had not attracted my attention at the
time, because I never dreamed that a matter
so foreign to the bill, so utterly outside of it,
not germane to it in the least particular, would
be interpolated into a bill of that character.
It may be all right, nevertheless, in and of
itself; but I doubt whether the practical ell'ect
of the amendment as incorporated in the bill
to which I have alluded will not be disastrous
in the extreme, and result in bringing the
Patent Office affairs to a dead lock.
I shall not at this time take occasion partic-
ularly to animadvert upon what I think is
becoming a vicious species of legislation. I
allude to the fact that our conference com-
mittees very frequently incorporate funda-
mental provisions m a bill not germane to the
bill at all, and which have a very decided and
controlling effect upon the policy of the coun-
try, and of which Senators have had no notice
in the world. I should not be surprised if we
woke up some of these days and found that
we had made a declaration of war against
Great Britain or Franco or some other of the
leading Powers of Europe, through the report
of a conference committee on an appropria-
tion bill, or something else of that character.
I am not certain that the provisions of the
amendment are of themselves not right. I
have been of opinion, from my relations to
the Patent Olliee for sometime, that very fund-
amental changes ought to be made in that estab-
lishment, in its arrangements, in its manage-
ment, and in its control. I think it would bo
good policy, if possible, to place that bureau
entirely and distinctly under the control of the
Secretary of the Interior. But to incorporate
a little isolated amendment in an appropria-
tion bill, fundamently changing the opera-
tions of the Indian oflice as now organized,
without reference to other portions of the
laws that affect the operations of that depart-
ment, is, in my opinion, unwise ; and if this
provision is allowed to remain as it is it must
result disastrously to the management of that
office. What is the provision to whichl allude
incorporated in the appropriation bill ? It is :
That all the moneys standing to the credit of the
Patent fund, or ill the hands of the Commissioner
of Patents, and all moneys hui caller received at the
Patent Office lor any purpose or iroin any source
whatever, shall be paid into the Treasury as received,
without any reduction whatever, and the sum ot
$^5U,OU0 is hereby appropriated 1 or salaries and mis-
cellaneous and contingent expenses ot tUc Patent
Office, and foi withdrawals and lor moneys paid by
mistake, to be disbuised under the dixection of the
Secretary of thelnterior; and itsball bethedutyof
the Commissioner of Patents to ooinmunicate to
Oongrc.-s at the commencement of every December
session a full and detailed account of moneys re-
ceived for duties on patents.
I will not undertake to say that there is any
provision in this amendment that is not of
itself, perhaps, a proper one, and if it were in
its proper place, and if it were made in con-
nection with other modifications in the economy
of the Patent Office department, so as to har-
monize with this, then 1 should think it might
be proper policy to adopt some such arrange-
ment as is here prescribed. But, sir, if Sena-
tors will pay attention to the amendment they
will see that its operation must be disastrous.
It, takes from the control of the Patent Office
all the funds with which the office is carried
on and covers them into the Treasury. It is
true there is a distinct appropriation made of
$250,000, out of which the expenses of the
Patent Office and the salaries of the clerks, &c.,
are to be paid, and this fund is to be disbursed
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior ; but the money is to be paid into the
Treasury Department, and according to the
terms of this provision it would give the Sec-
retary of the Interior a kind of control pver
the Treasury Department. I suppose it is
very probable the Secretary of the Treasury
might demur to the interference of the Secre-
tary of the Interior with moneys covcred into
his Department, unless there be some provision
made in addition to those in this amendment,
prescribing the mode in which requisitions
shall be made upon him by the Secretary of
the Interior or by the Commissioner of Pat-
ents. There are no such provisions made ;
and this amendment seems to have been made
without reference to other rules and regula
tions for the management of the Department,
and if allowed to remain as it is it must neces-
sarily bring the operations of that Department
into conflict and produce disaster.
If the amendment is to be insisted upon, if
we are to encounter the risk of these difficul-
ties to which I have invited the attention of the
chairman of the Committee oil Appropriations,
I would be willing to agree to postpone this
matter, and would suggest that he allow the
insertion of a provision that it shall not take
effect until the 1st of March next, so as to per-
mit the Committee on Patents or some other
committee to conform the other arrangements
of the Patent Office to this provision. 1 should
have no objection to that; for it has been in
the contemplation of the Committee on Patents
to revise the whole system of the Patent Office
department; and that labor has been partially
performed, performed to our hand by the com-
mission for the codification of the laws, in an
admirable analysis and adjustment of the pat-
ent laws in a very convenient bill which, by a
revision upon the part of Congress, might be
adapted so as to include the provisions in this
amendment by harmonizing them with the
other provisions required for the operation of
that department.
Two hundred and fifty thousand dollars are
appropriated to carry on the operations of that
department. Doubtless the chairman of the
committee had estimates upon which that appro-
priation was based, and it may possibly be
amply sufficient. Doubtless, too, he was in-
formed as to what the effect the covering of
this money into the Treasury might have upon
contracts already made under existing laws by
the Commissioner of Patents for printing and
for various expenses of the office. Unless he
has taken these things into consideration, unless
he has been fully informed in regard to them, he
takes out of the hands of the Commissioner of
Patents, who now, bv law, is authorized to
make these disbursements, authorized to make
these contracts and to pay these expenses, all
the funds in the Patent Olliee out of which
these expenses are to be paid and these con-
tracts to bo satisfied, and has left him no means
to discharge his duty in that behalf. The
result will be that those with whom he has
made contracts will be put to great detriment,
disaster will be brought upon them ; and I am
satisfied from my knowledge, which is not,
of course, very intimate, with the economy of
the Patent Office and the laws now existing
for the regulation of its affairs, that if this
provision is allowed to remain without other
modifications conforming it to other provisions
regulating the affairs of the Patent Office, dis-
aster must result and the operations of the
Patent Olliee be brought for the present to a
dead lock.
I throw out these suggestions to the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations, and
hope he will allow either this provision to be
incorporated in this bill, virtually restoring the
arrangement of the Patent Office to the condi-
tion in which it was before the passage of the
appropriation bill to which I have referred, or
that he will submit to the incorpoiation of a
section in this bill postponing the operation
and effect of the amendment incorporated in
that appropriation bill until the 1st of March
next, so as to enable tlie Senate Committee on
Patents, or some other committee, to conform
the other reaulations of the Patent Office and
make them "harmonize with the provision of
the amendment on the appropriation bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire only to
say a word. I suppose the Senate understands
that this is a proposition to reverse the judg-
ment of the Senate expressed a few days ago
in regard to covering the Patent Office fund
into the Treasury. It was not very fully con-
sidered, to be sure, before the Committee on
Appropriations; but it is very difficult to con-
ceive how it is that this department should be
embarrassed, having at its disposal $250,000
to carry on the expenditures ot the office, with
the provisions of law remaining as before, no
change whatever being made in the powers
and duties of the office. I say it is very diffi-
cult to see how, with $250,000 at the disposal
of this officer, he can be embarrassed in the
discharge of his duties. I said on a former
occasion all that I had to say on this subject.
The Senate having acted on the former occa-
sion, and this money having been covered into
the Treasury, my own judgment is that it had
better remain until December. If any evij
consequences follow from it, which for myself
I do not apprehend, they can then be corrected.
As to the amount of appropriation made,
whether it is sufficient or not I do not know.
I hardly think, upon the rate of expenditure
of that office for the last year, it would be suf-
ficient for the year; but my honorable friend
will agree with me, I fancy, that $250,000 is
an ample appropriation until Congress meets
again in December. Under these circum-
stances I should hope the Senate would stand
by its judgment of the other day, and vote
down this amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILLEY. That provision incorporated
in the appropriation bill to which I have re-
ferred is not yet a law, and so I think it may be
in time to offer the following amendment to
this bill:
And be it further enacted. That tho Commissioner of
Patents is hereby authorized to pay those employed
in the Patent Office since the 1st day of August. 1865,
as examiners and assistant examiners of patents at
the rates lixed by law for these respective grades:
Provided, That the same be paid out of the Patent
Office tnnd, and that the compensation tfius paid
shall not excecd that leceivcd by those duly enrolled
as examiners and assistant examiners of patents for
the same period.
Mr. CONK LING. Is that in order?
Mr. WILLEY. I sent the proposition to
the Committee on Appropriations at the direc-
tion of the Committee on Patents the other day.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think there
was notice given of the intention to move the
amendment, and I suppose it is authorized by
the Committee on Patents, because it is moved
by the Senator from West Virginia.
Mr. WILLEY. Yes sir.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What is the
Senator's view about this being paid out of the
Patent Office fund?
Mr. WILLEY. Yes, sir; that is the pro-
vision.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That fund hav-
ing been covered into the TTeasury by a former
law, how does it apply?
Mr. WILLEY. It is not covered into the
Treasury yet, because that bill has not become
a law.
Mr. CONkLlNG. I submit that we do r ot
know that, and cannot know it. As to the
action ol both Houses ultimately, it is a law.
hether in point of truth it has yet been
signed or not we do not know. All we can
say is, that we have not received notice of its
signature. But so far as the action of the two
Houses is concerned that money has gone into
a general fund; it is covered into the Tr eas-
