2122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
purpose, was passed by both Houses in two
days. Will not the historian say that those
who were engaged in such legislation either
knew or apprehended that the highest court in
the land would or might hold the laws to be
unconstitutional? For he will naturally say to
himself,- "If they had believed otherwise they
would h^ve let the act of 1867 stand, since an
authoritative adjudication of that court on such
a question would have settled the public mind
of the country as to the constitutionality of
their legislation." The fact, therefore, of the
repeal will be-considered as demonstrating that,
in the judgment of the majority of Congress,
by whom the repeal was effected, they believed
that that high court would rule their legislation
to be unconstitutional.
I am glad to believe, Mr. President, as I
said yesterday, that if this bill becomes a law,
notwithstanding the veto of the President, no
such decision will be pronounced. ButI should
be more glad if the bill was not to pass, and
the decision was pronounced, no matter what
it might be. If it should affirm the validity of
the legislation all would be peace. If it should
hold it to be invalid because unconstitutional
we should know where we were ; then all would
be peace again if we thereafter kept within the
prescribed limits of the Constitution as recog-
nized by the highest judicial tribunal in the
country.
_Mr. President, it is a dangerous thing to deal
with the courts of justice iu this suspicious
spirit. It is dangerous to suppose that they
can be governed by political and party motives.
I shall cease almost to hope for the endurance
of our Government if that comes to be the
prevailing opinion. That tribunal pure in the
public estimation and we have nothing to ap-
prehend. The conflicts of the day will soon
be forgotten, and those who are to succeed us
will, in a few years, reading the adjudications
of that tribunal, come, as I think, to the con-
clusion to which alone a dispassionate reader
can come: that to the existence of that tribunal
we owe the safety which we have had in the
past and the prosperity which we have enjoyed
in the past; and that without it we should not
have long safety or prosperity in the future.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, it was
my intention at the adjournment of the Sen-
ate last evening to submit to:day some re-
marks in support of the views presented by
the President of the United States and in op-
position to the bill which has once passed this
body, and which, I suppose, the exigencies of
party will cause to be passed over the Presi-
dent's objections.
Two hundred years ago the British Parlia-
ment, to relieve one humble subject from ille-
gal imprisonment, passed the first habeas c.orjms
act. From that day to this, in that country, it
has been the bulwark of liberty. And our
fathers, who claimed English liberty as their
birthright, solemnly declared in the Constitu-
tion which they framed that the privileges of
that writ should not be suspended except in
times of invasion, insurrection, or public dan-
ger. In what business is the American Senate
engaged to-day? We have been wont to boast
that we were the great nation 011 earth which
cherished more than any other nation personal
freedom and civil liberty. And yet, in theface
of the civilized world, in the face of the Eng-
lish nation which iu comparatively dark periods
enacted this great charter of civil liberty, we,
to reach one single case, and to deny an Ameri-
can citizen the blessings of civil liberty and of
personal liberty, are solemnly repealing the act
of habeas corpus, and saying that, although a
right has been vested in him under existing
law to test in your highest legal tribunal the
legality or illegality of his imprisonment, he
shall not, now that his case has been argued
and the court is ready to decide upon the merits
of his case, be entitled to the judgment of your
highest court.
Sir, we are legislating against liberty, against
personal freedom: and I invoke Senators,
after they shall have done this deed, never again
to let the word fall from their lips that they
cherish the personal freedom and the liberty
of the American citizen. Go unblushingly
and confess before your people and before t,he
world that liberty is enjoyed infinitely better
under the model queen than it is in the free
Republic of the United States. Make no more
Fourth of July harangues to your people. Tell
them not what great blessings your fathers
achieved for you and for all their posterity by
declaring their independence of the British
Crown ; but rather confess that you, the de-
scendants of the fathers of the Revolution and
the men who framed the Constitution, are deny-
ing to American citizens in times of peace that
liberty which an English king could not deny
to his subjects and retain his throne.
Sir, I impute motives to no one; but the
charge has been distinctly made by othex'S in
this debate that the object of passing this
measure is to prevent the Supreme Court of
the United States from deciding upon the con-
stitutionality of your action as members of the
Congress of the United States. We all know
that in the argument of the McCardle case in the
Supreme Court the constitutionality ofyour acts
of reconstruction necessarily entered into the
discussion. Is it an apprehension, sir, that that
court, composed of your political friends, act-
ting in a high judicial capacity, may find it their
duty to decide that the action of Congress, in
reference to the southern States and the people
inhabiting them, is unconstitutional? Sir, when
it comes to this, that the legislative power of
the country shall assume to itself all authority
under this Government, that the executive and
judicial departments of the Government are
to be stripped of their former authority, and
that the will of the legislative department of
the Government is to be absolute, then will
freedom not only be denied to McCardle, but
to every American citizen; and then it will be
that, in imitation of the example which the
party in power has so far so successfully
imitated of the British Parliament when it
usurped to itself all authority under the British
Government, the liberty of American citizens
generally will be no greater, if as much, as the
liberty enjoyed by an English subject during
the reign of that Parliament.
Mr. President, as this bill was originally re-
ported to the Senate and passed the Senate, it
was very simple, very harmless ; 110 one could
object to it; and that the country may see dis-
tinctly its perfect harmlessuess, and why it was
that the opponents of the amendment were
not looking out and on their guard, I will read
the bill as it originally passed the Senate:
"/>'<5 it enacted bv the Senate and Jloute of Representa-
tives of the United iSta tea of America in Coitflrexx a^em-
bled, That tin;il judgment in any circuit court of the
United States in any civil action nswiibt a colfector
or oLlier ofiiccr of the revenue tor any act done, by i
linn in tho pciformance of his official duty or tor the
recovery of any money exacted by or paid to him,
which shall have been paid into the Treasury of tho
United States, may, at the instance of either party,
be reexamined and rcveised or affirmed in tin; Su-
preme Ooui t of the United State?, upon wii t of error,
without, regard to the sum or value in controversy
in such action."
That was the simple, harmless bill as it
passed the Senate. It went to the House of
Representatives,1 and there was proposed as an
amendment to it the following :
"Sicc. 2. And be it. further enacted. That so much
of the act approved Febiuary 5, iSd7, entitled 'An
act to amend an act to establish the judicial conit*
of the United States,' approved September 17-'.L
as authorizes an appeal from the judgment ot tile
circuit court to the Supreme Court of the United
States, or the exercise of am* such jurisdiction bv
said Supreme Court on appeals which have been or
may hereafter be taken, be, and the same is hereby,
repeated."
Sir, the change was distinctly made in the
other branch oi Congress, as appears from the
reports, as I recollect them, and it was ad-
mitted that that amendment was 00'ered to
meet the McCardle case, which had been argued
in the Supreme Court of the United States.
It was passed under circumstances which have
been detailed already in this debate. It came
here and it was passed, few suspecting its true
character.
But, sir, it is unnecessary that we on this
side of the Chamber should take up thy time
of the Senate in attempting to point out the
impropriety of this measure. The almost un-
broken silence of gentlemen on the opposite
side of the Chamber shows that they are re-
solved to pass this bill, to pass it this even-
ing, and to take away from the highest legal
tribunal in the land the right to determine
upon the title of the citizen to his personal
liberty. If you think proper let the leaden
wings of despotism continue still to hover over
that large section of the country and over its
ten million inhabitants. If you will not allow
them an appeal to the highest legal tribunal
in the land, let me tell you, sir, that an ap-
peal is about to be entered from the legisla-
tion of this Congress to a power greater than
Congress. If the love of liberty has ceased to
animate the hearts of the representatives of the
people and of the States assembled in Congress
it lias not died out with the great mass of the
American people. Pass your act, and to the
majority of the people who never attempted to
disconnect themselves from the Government
of the United States do we take an appeal, and
you cannot prevent judgment being entered.
On the 12th day of November next our appeal
from your legislation will come up before the
great court of the people assembled, and, God
helping us, if all recollection of the noble ex-
ample of their fathers has not fled from their
minds, if all love for those cherished institu
tions which have been handed down to them
has not ceased to exist, they will reverse your
judgment.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, when the
measure now before the Senate was returned
with the objections of the President yesterday,
I read the bill as amended in the House of
Representatives for the first time. My belief
on reading it was that it had been passed
from inadvertency. I did not consider it pos-
sible that the Senate of the United States
would deliberately pass a retroactive law di-
vesting the vested rights of any citizen of the
United States. Chancellor Kent has told us,
and I think truly, that—
"It is a principle of the English common law, as
ancient as the law itself, that a statute even ot its
omnipotent Parliament, is never to have arctrospect-
ive effect."
And Lord Mansfield, in a case before him,
said:
" It can never be that the true construction of this
act is to take away vested rights and punish tho
innocent pursuer with costs."
I believe honestly in those principles. I
thought that iu our more limited form of gov-
ernment, where the powers of Government are
more defined, where the legislative power is
vested in one department, the executive in
another, and the judicial iu another, each made
coordinate and independent of the others, the
principles which had obtained in the common
law, nay, not only in the common law, but
under the civil law, even in the laws of impe-
rial France, in opposition to retrospective legis-
lation would never fail to prevent the passage
of such a measure as that now before the Sen-
ate— I speak of part of the bill, not all of it.
The debate yesterday, however, has satisfied
me that X was under an illusion ; and in this
case, as in loo many others, party spirit, with
its wild and bewildering influence, and the sup-
posed necessities of party, will certainly lead
to the passage of this bill by a constitutional,
but by a party, vote.
The bill as it originally passed the Senate
contained but a single section. That section
provided that in civil actions against the reve-
nue oflicera of th  country, whether the foreign
revenue or the internal revenue, they, or the
parties suing, should have the right, of appeal
to the court ot last resort in order that iu that
class of cases there might be uniformity of de-
cision, and that without reference to ordinary
limitations of law, whether the sum iu contro-
versy be ten dollars, §500, or $1,000. That
was the bill as it passed the Senate of the
United States. That was its original purpose.
It went to the House of ilepresentatives, and
in that House an amendment, was introduced
not germane to the bill, but absolutely foreign,
