3146
Welubmlt^ P6titi(m 0f Alma°da Stack-
Ks w„ ^ a rePort' accompanied by a
Sti mI } granting a pension to Almanda
Stackhouse and the children of Parks J. Stack
to°a second688^; The,bi,11 was read an<3 passed
to be printed ng' ^^ rep°rt WaS 0rdered
wM6rafS°' tlle saiIie committee, to whom
lTZt r ► j® Pet,tlon of Catharina Eck-
bfn tS a rePort' accompanied by a
^on tc <i - ] £a,n,tlng, an increase of pen-
sion to Catharina lickhardt. The bill was read
and passed to a second reading, and the report
was ordered to be printed. P
-He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. li. No. 1010) relating
M id ifc with amendments.
Nflili from the Committee on
. fsNTn Irn' t? ^1?om was referred the bill
* } . Wo-.48G) to facilitate the settlement of cer-
tain prize cases in the southern district of
i'londa, reported it without amendment, and
submitted a report; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Sbl'c ifnds, to whom was referred the bill
(H. II. No. 1137) to cede to the State of Ohio
the unsold lands in the Virginia military dis-
trict in said State, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on
foreign Relations, reported a bill (S. No. 551)
to carry mto effect the two several decrees of
the district court of the United Slates for the
district of Louisiana in the cases of the British
vessels Volant and Science; which was read,
and passed to a second reading. '
He also presenled a letter from the Secre-
tary of State, addressed to the Committee on
l<oreign_ Relations, in relation to the eases of
the British vessels Volant and Science; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Robert
, Mwn8^T a report, accompanied hy a
nil i -in ' ^0r relief of Robert Pord.
ike bill was read, passed to a second reading,
and the report was ordered to be printed.
POMEROY, from the Committee on
it t>° n'%' to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 554) making a grant of land to the
otate of Minnesota to aid in the improvement
of the navigation of the Mississippi river,
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 410) making appro-
priations for the repair, preservation, and con-
struction of certain public works in the Terri-
tory of Idaho, and for other purposes, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on
Appropriations ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 355) authorizing
the construction of a bridge across the Mis-
souri river upon the military reservation at
Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. 1HAYER, from the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 371) relative to the
military reservation at Fort Dalles, in Oregon,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported an amendmentintended
to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No. 2G7) to
declare forfeited to the United States certain
lands granted to aid in the construction of
railroads in the States of Alabama, Missis-
sippi, Louisiana, and Florida, and for other
purposes; which was ordered to be printed,
and recommitted to the Committee on Public
Lands.
SCHOOL LOT IN BURLINGTON, IOWA.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
469) confirming the title to a tract of land in
Burlington. Iowa, have had the same under
consideration, and directed me to report it
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
back without amendment, and recommend its
passage.
Mr. HARLAN. If there is no objection, I
should be very glad to have that bill taken up
and acted upon now. I do not think there
will be one Senator who will oppose. It is a
very small matter.
_ Mr. POMEROY. It is merely a burying lot
m the city of Burlington, Iowa, that was re-
served from sale by the United States for that
purpose, but which they have now abandoned.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to confirm and vest
all the-title of the United States in and to a
certain tract of land in the city of Burlington,
Des Moines ccrunty, in the State of Iowa,
described as being west of lot No. 978 in that
city, south of Valley street, west of Boundary
street, and north of Market street, and which
was originally reserved from sale by the Uni-
ted States and dedicated (o public burial pur-
poses, in the " Independent School District "
of that city, to be forever dedicated to and
used by the school district for public school
purposes and for no other use or purpose what-
ever.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
DILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. FOWLER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
552) to provide for the better security of life
on board of steamboats and steamships and
Other vessels; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent,
'eavo t0 introduce a joint resolution
(b. R. No. 145) in relation to the coast defense ;
winch was read twice by its title, and referred
to the joint Committee on Ordnance.
KKFUNDINO OF DUTIES.
Mr. MORGAN. I move to take up for
consideration Senate bill No. 448, for the
return of certain duties erroneously exacted.
I ho motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
_No. 418) to refund duties erroneously exacted
in certain cases was read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the
I reasurv to refund to importers in the city of
New York, in moneys receivable for duties,
the excess of duties exacted and paid upon
importations and merchandise subject to spe-
cific duties, made subsequent to the passage of
the tariff act of the 2d of March, 1861, and
prior to the passage of the act of the 14th of
July, 1862, caused by the non-allowance by the
collector of the port of Net- York for draft
upon such importations, as provided by sec-
tions fifty-eight and_ fifty-nine of the act to
regulate the collection of duties on imports
and tonnage, approved March 2, 1799.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like some
explanation of that bill. I do not understand
what it is.
Mr. MORGAN. The act of March 2,1861,
provided for the collection of specific duties.
A circular from the honorable Secretary of
the Ireasury, issued to collectors of customs,
dated March 21, 1861, directed allowances for
tare, draft, &c., to be made in accordance with
sections fifty-eight and fifty-nine of the general
collection act of 1799, which were again brought
into operation. Allowances for tare and draft
were made in the ports of Boston, Philadel-
phia, Baltimore, and other ports throughout the
United States, under the act of 1861 and under
the Ireasury circular referred to, in accordance
with the uniform practice of the Government
under all previous specific tariff acts ; but the
collector of customs at the port of New York
did not make any allowance for draft in cases
where tare was allowed, declaring that both
allowances could not be made on the same
article ; in other words, that tare only should
be allowed on mcichandise imported in pack-
ages, and draft only in cases of merchandise
imported in bulk. In order to test the point
before the courts some importers of New York
protested, and in the case of Napier vs. Hiram
Barney the court held that, the importer was
entitled to the allowance of both tare and draft
under the acts of 1799 and 1861. The Secre-
tary of the_ Treasury having acquiesced in the
decision of the courts^ the duties exacted con-
trary thereto and paid under protest were
refunded .to the importers. ■ These petitioners
ask that in ca'ses where protests were not made
the same allowance be made to them as whew
there was protest. I have a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury on the subject, which
I will read:
_ Treasury Depak tment, March 4.1SG8.
Sis: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your note dated the 24th ultimo, submitting a let-
ter ot Mr. Moses II. Grinnell, of New York, addressed
to you under dato ot February 13.1868, (whieli letter
is herewith respectfully returned) relative to secur-
ing the enactment by Congress of a resolution au-
thorizing the return of duties exacted at the port of
rnT Yotk in alleged violation of law.
Ane excess of duties referred to in the communica-
tion ot Mr. Ornnneli was exacted by reason of non-
allowance for draft." as prescribed by the fitty-
eightli section of tlie general collection act of 1799
or]i articles paying specific duties.
lhe act of March 2.1801, provided for the collec-
Xlu?5J,s'',Seifaoduties; and Treasury circular of March
21,1861, directed that allowances for tare, dratt, &c..
were to be made in accordance with sections filty-
eight and fifty-nine of the act of 1799. which were
again brought into operation.
oi of treasury circular dated March
M. 1847 directing that draft and tare should not be
allowed on the same article, the former applying to
meichandise 111 bulk and the latter to goods in pack-
ages, urate was not allowed at the port of New York
on goods in packages. It was, however, allowed on
BiUtiwore8 at P°rtS °f Boston' Philadelphia, and
, In order to test the point before the courts, some
importers protested at the port of New York- and
in the case of Napier t> . liarney, the court hold that
the importer was entitled to both draft and tare
Under the acts of 1799 and 3861.
lhel)epartmenthavingacquiesced in thisdecision.
the duties exacted contrary thereto and paid under
protest were refunded to the severalimporteis. But
no authority existed to refund to those who had not
protest; and it is for the relief of the latter
cia K.f 1 uudeivstand, that the resolution above re-
ferred to is desired.
inl;LC?(i1ayf,3iit considered an exceptional one,
Mr f niwf was allowed at the
™ Li J™ 5' Philadelphia, and Baltimore, and
vioin t?L ai k This was in effect a
violation of the clause m the Constitution (article
frnnoX !,01!iseve"') wkicji declares that " all duties,
Umted fetattse"eiS6S ""'form throughout the
Under these circumstances, I am of opinion that
the proposed legislation would bo eminently proper.
I am, very respectfully. piopcr.
„ h. Mcculloch,
secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. Edwin D.Moksan,
United States Senate, Washington, D. C.
I have here, also, the circular of Mr. Secre-
tary Chase, dated March 21, 1801, in which it
is stated:
" That in allowances on account of tax, draft &c
on goods subject to specific duty under the now tariff'
officers of the customs will be governed by thePre-
visions of the fifty-eighth and fifty-ninth sections
ot the general collection act of March 2, 1799 which
are again brought into operation."
This bill and these papers were before the
Committee on Finance, and they thought
the claim was entirely just, and they have
unanimously reported in favor of the bill. If
necessary a limit can be fixed on the amount
to be paid, which 1 will propose if it is deemed
needful.
?rhe 'H11 was rePorted to the Senate.
Mr. MORGAN. It is supposed that the
«?n°AAA°l 6S t0 be refunded is not far from
it>o0,000, but so as to have the amount lame
enough to cover all demands I will offer this
amendment:
bcAneeteh?'irvmi0/?60'0?0' 0r S0 much tlbereof as may
monevs Sy'J> horeb5' appropriated out of any
effeDcPtLnote°cte7a^!sacrOP"ated' to °an"y into
It is not known exactly what the sum is, but
perhaps it is well enough to make the appro-
priation $60,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. OONNESS. I would inquire of the
benator who has charge of this bill whether
j there is any correction necessary to be made
I touching the collection of duties in any other
| ports ; whether New York is the only place in
which those collections were made illegally and
