1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4171
nry. Now, here is a provision in contraven-
tion of that law, proposing to treat it as a dis-
tinct fund when no such fund exists, and when
we have disposed of it otherwise by legislative
action. I submit that the amendment is not
in order.
Mr. WILLEY. I see no inconsistency what-
ever. There is a certain amount of proceeds
of the Patent Office which are to go into the
Treasury. It is the Patent Office lund, to all
intents and purposes to be paid into the Treas-
ury. All the fees, all the proceeds of the
Patent Office, are now to go into the Treasury,
and there to constitute, to all intents and pur-
poses, the Patent Office fund, and 1 see no
incongruity or inconsistency in the form of the
amendment which I offer. It may be paid out
of the Treasury from the money that goes into
the Treasury lrom the Patent Office. As far
as I am concerned I desire simply to state
what the facts are in the ease. Some time
ago, by the instruction of the Committee on
Patents 
Mr. CONKLING. I do not wish to inter-
rupt the Senator, but I wish to understand
where wo are. I submitted a point of order,
and it onghttobe decided. It is not debatable
unless it is submitted to the Senate or an
appeal is taken.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. What is
the point of order?
Mr. CONKLING. The point of order I
endeavored to state before, Mr. President. It
is, that having passed a law which extinguishes
the patent fund and covers it into the Treasury,
it is not in order now to appropriate from that
fund which has ceased to be in contravention
of the action of the Senate and House of
Representatives.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I do not
know that that involves a question of order.
Congress may enact a law one day and repeal
it the next, or modify it in any shape. It does
not involve a question of order.
Mr. CONKLING-. This does not propose
to amend or repeal the law, but it proposes to
make an appropriation out of a fund which
has been annihilated by legislative action, and
is not the subject of appropriation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
cannot know anything about those facts. The
Chair does not think that there is any question of
order involved. The question is on the amend-
ment.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON. I submit this amendment
as an additional section:
Andbcit fiit titer enacted, That the sum of $6,200 he,
and the same is hereby, appropriated for the pay of
additional clerks in thoofticcot the tiurgeoa Genoial
lor the year endmg Jane oU, 18GD.
Mr CONNESS. Was that referred?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir; and it is right in
itself. It is rather to supply an accidental omis-
sion made in a bill we passed the other day.
Mr. POMEROY. Is that a deficiency for
18(19 ?
Mr. WILSON. No, sir. The House of
Representatives made large reductions in the
clerical force of all the Departments, and
among others the Surgeon General s office.
The Senate restored a large number of them
partially; but the committee of conference
adjusted the matter, and this was left out. The
Committee on Military Affairs have instructed
me to move it. I understand the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations to think it is
right.
Mr. MORPJLL, of Maine. I suggest to
the Senator that, it should be in a different
shape, perhaps. The number of clerks author-
ized in that Department is not appropriated
for in the legislative bill which has passed both
Houses. In ihe committee of conference the
Senate amendment was lost, so that all the
clerks which the office is authorized by law to
have are not appropriated for. I suppose the
Senator's intention is to appropriate for that
number of clerks. The object isto appropriate
for the clerks that are authorized by law.
Mr. NYE. Allow me to ask a question It
is the custom, I understand, at that Department
to assign what they call hospital stewards to
perform clerical duties.
Mr. WILSON. They must be paid.
Mr. NYE. They are paid out of the Army
appropriation. They detail a certain number
of enlisted men, whom they call hospital stew-
ards. The museum on Tenth street is full of
them. It is so full of them now that they are
sticking out of the windows all the time.
[Laughter.] They get bright young men to
enlist as soldiers in the Army, with a promise
that they shall be made officers, and they have
been in the habit of detailing such men and
calling them hospital stewards. I will give you
one little incident. A year ago we made an
appropriation of $GO,OQO to publish certain
medical works, and S30.000 of it was appro-
priated by name to the publication of the work
of Dr. Baxter, which was to be independent
of the direction of the Surgeon General. To
save that appropriation fifteen hospital stew-
ards were sent to Dr. Baxter as clerks, all of
his clerks being dismissed save one. The pre-
tense of the Surgeon General now is that he
has exhausted the appropriation of $30,000
made for Baxter to get out a work of his own,
charging the hospital stewards' clerkships to
the portion of it belonging to Baxter as absorb-
ing the fund. Now, sir, if hospital stewards
are good enough for Baxter they are good
enough for the Surgeon General. I object to
thisproposition in toto. The Surgeon General
does not want any more clerks. The hospital
stewaids are there so thick now that they are
in the way.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My honorable
friend got up to ask me a question.
M r. NYE. I ask why it, is necessary to have
$fi,a00 appropriated for clerks in the Surgeon
General's office when he has hospital stewards
all around liimV
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is my friend
very sure that there are any hospital stewards
there at all?
Mr. NYE. Yes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not ask
whether they are very thick, but whether there
are any there at all.
Mr. NYE. There are fifteen in the employ
of Baxter now.
Mr. MOIiRILL, of Maine. I understand
that the hospital stewards all disappeared when
that class of troops were dismissed. They
were mustered into the service of the United
States, and when the troops were mustered out
they went out with them. 1 am told that there
are no hospital stewards now in the Army.
Probably those hospital stewards, which in the
honoiable Senator's imagination are so thick,
and which as a mutter of fact he must have
seen, are those that linger around, and have
grown to be clerks.
Mr. NYE. IIow have enlisted men grown
to be clerks ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suppose they
were mustered out of the military'service, and
have been emploved as clerks.
Mr. NYE. I thought there might have been
some medical transformation. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONKLING. I suggest that they en-
listed for five years, and if enlisted as hospital
stewards since the war, they can hardly have
been mustered out unless it was done on pur-
pose to tuin them into clerks.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I only spoke
from the impression made on my mind by
information 1 have received. I was about to
' say oil tliis amendment tnat I think it turned
out on the conference as to the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on these matters, we
were a little sharp on this particular branch
of the so; vice, and the force was cut down
below the demands of the service. That is my
honest judgment about it. and I ought to say
so much to the Senate.
Mr. NYE. I am informed that I was wrong
about one point. There is a report here from
the Surgeon General on this very matter, and
he does not claim that these hospital stewards
are paid out of the fund appropriated to Bax-
ter, but that that fund has been used by him
for getting up pictures for his own work, and
he has taken all Baxter's clerks but one, and
put hospital stewards there in a clerical capa-
city.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
has information on the subject so as to be able
to state that fact, 1 shall make no contest
about it.
Mr. NYE. There is a report here on the
subject, but the Senator from Rhode Island
[Mr. Anthoxy] has it, and he has left, or I
would enlighten the Senator from Maine more
fully on this subject. I insist upon it that these
clerks will keep until morning, and it is not
likely we shall get through the bill to-night,
Mr. RAMSEY. Is there any communica-
tion here from the Secretary of War on the
subject?
Mr. NY'E. There is.
Mr. RAMSEY. Any request for this increase
of clerical force ?
Mr. NYE. There is a report here upon a
resolution introduced by the Senatorfrom New
York, [Mr. Conklixg,] and it is in the pos-
session of the Senator from Rhode Island.
My honorable friend from Maine said just now
so triumphantly and convincingly that there
was no such thing as hospital stewards any
more that he almost frightened me. I tell you
that the Department is full of them, and full of
them by law, too. I have the law in my hand:
" The Secretary of War is hereby authorized to ap-
point from the enlisted men of the Army, or cause
to be enlisted, as many hospital stewards as the ser-
vice may require, to be permanently attached to the
medical department under such regulations as the
Secretary of "War may prescribe."
I tell you the Department is overflowing
with hospital stewards. Why do they not
detail one or two to this office and save this
ยง0,200? If they are good enough lot Baxter
they are good enough for the Surgeon General.
I insist upon it that the amendment should not
prevail.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. COLE. I offer an amendment to come
in after line eighty-three:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may bo
necessary to pay the indebtedness incurred tor tho
Indian service in California in the years 1861,1862,
1S63,1864, 1863,1866, and 1867, $50,000.
Mr. CONKLING. What committee does
that come from 1
Mr. COLE. The Committee on Indian
Affairs reported this among other amend-
ments to the Indian appropriation bill which
was under consideration yesterday : and when
the chairman of the committee came to this
item lie passed it over of his own accord, and,
as I understood him at the time, stated that
he would move it upon the deficiency bill. I
regret very much that the chairman of the
committee is not here to-night in order that
he might do that if that was his purpose.
Other Senators who were here at the time
may probably recollect what was then said by
the chairman of the committee. I will state
very briefly that 
Mr. CONKLING. Before the Senator pro-
ceeds he will allow me to suggest that I under-
stand no notice has been given of this amend-
ment. I have never heard of it myself, and
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions says he has never heard of it in connec-
tion with this bill.
Mr. COLE. If they were in their seats yes-
terday the gentlemen would have heard it.
Mr. CONKLING. No notice of such an
amendment was given to tiie committee as an
amendment to be offered to this bili. Thi3 is
not the Indian bill ; this is the deficiency bill.
ThePUESIDENT 'pro tempore. The excep-
tion is well taken unless notice under the rule
has been served upon the Committee on Appro-
priations.
Mr. COLE. Was it not sufficient notice ior
the chairman to state that he would move it
npon this bill after notice had been given or it
