4172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
on the Indian bill? I am not very particular
about it. I have in my hand a pamphlet
showing the estimate for this to be £75,000,
and every item of it is also given in this report
and the persons to whom the money is due,
and the manner in which the indebtedness oc-
curred in every particular.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is ob-
jected to on account of being out of order.
The Chair will have to declare that it is out of
order because the rule requires a day's notice
to the Committee on Appropriations of the bill
you intend to apply your appropriation to.
Mr. COLE. I will give notice now, then,
as suggested by a Senator behind me, that 1
will move it to-morrow. The bill will not get
through to-uight. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. VICKERS. I offer the amendment of
which I have given notice relative to the allow-
ances of civil employes.
Mr. CONKLING. From what committee ?
Mr. VICKERS. No committee. It was
offered and referred on the 13th of July.
Mr. CONKLING. That will not do if it is
not from a committee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I raise the
point.
Mr. CONNESS. Let it be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands that the amendment does not
come from a committee.
Mr. VICKERS. I submitted it on the IfltU
of July and had it referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and had it printed.
Mr. CONKLING. Not as an amendment
to this bill.
Mr. VICKERS. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. Hut it is not from a
committee. No committee proposes it as an
amendment to this bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is not necessary that it
should come from a committee.
Mr. VICKERS. A number of amendments
have been offered this evening in the same
way.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Chair understand that this is sanctioned by a
committee of the Senate?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My honorable
friend from Maryland is under a misapprehen-
sion. He gave the proper notice, but he was
not authorized to move the amendment by any
committee of the Senate, and therefore it is
not in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There are
two things necessary on these bills. The old
rule is that the amendment must come from a
committee, and the new rule is that if it does
come from a committee notice must be given
to the Committee on Appropriations a day
before it is offered.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Chair allow the thir-
tieth rule to be read ?
The Chief Clerk read the thirtieth rule, as
follows:
"30. No amendment proposing additional appro-
priations shall bo received to any general appropria-
tion bill, unless it be made to carry out the provis-
ions of some existing law, or some act or resolution
previously passed by the Senate (luring that session,
or moved by direction of a, standing orselectcommit-
tee of the Senate, or in pursuance of an estimate from
the head of some of the Departments; and no amend-
ment shall be received whose object is to provide for
a pnyate claim, unless it bo to carry out the provis-
ions of an existing law or a treaty stipulation.
All amendments to general appropriation bills re-
ported from committees of the Senate, proposing new
items of appropriation, shall, one day before they arc
offered, be referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and ali general appropriation bills shall be re-
ferred to the said committee."
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendments uiade
as in Committee of the Whole. The question
will be taken on the amendments collectively
with such exceptions as Senators may suggest.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask that the amendment
on page 4 be excepted from the general vote.
July 17,
The remaining amendments were concurred
in.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the excepted amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. I now ask for an explana-
tion of thatamendmenf,striking outthis clause:
For casual repairs of the Patent Office building,
to complete pavement on the lower floor of the south
wing, SS.000.
Mr. MORRTLL, of Maine. That was not
struck out, but the clause was amended by
making the appropriation exact and specific
for the object of the appropriation. I ask that
that clause be read as it stands now in the bill.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
For tiles for fifty-eight hundred feet of tiling for
the basement story of the Patent Office building, to
complete pavement on the lowor floor of tho south
wing, «i7,230.
Mr. IIARLAN. I was not in the Senate
when that amendment was adopted. I make
no objection to it.
The amendment was concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. CONKLING. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Furovy, July 17, 18G8.
The House met at twelve o'clock m.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
COKUKCTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I rise to a correction of
the Journal in regard to the resolution of the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson*] recommit-
ting to the Committee of Elections the case of
Switzler vs. Anderson, with instructions to in-
quire into the charge of disloyalty against the
contestant by myself. The Journal there stops.
It should also state that they were instructed
to inquire into charges of disloyalty against
the sitting member by the contestant.
The SPEAKER. The Journal will lie cor-
rected accordingly. The gentleman from Iowa
did not send up his resolution iu writing, and
the modification which was made afterwards
was not heard by the Clerk.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is correctly reported
in the Globe.
The Journal, as corrected, was then ap-
proved.
mary jane llfloett.
Mr. KOONTZ, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. II. No. 1-135) granting a pen-
sion to Mary Jane Liggett; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to tlie Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
refunding of duty on bells and clock.
Mr. GRISWOLD, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee of Ways and Means, re-
ported a joint resolution (H. R. No. 344) au-
thorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to re-
fund duties paid on a chime of bells and clock
imported for St. Joseph's cathedral, Buffalo,
New York ; which was read a first and second
time.
The joint resolution was read. It author-
izes the Secretary of the Treasury to refund
the duties of a set of bells and clock imported
for St. Joseph's cathedral, city of Buffalo, State
of New York, paid by the administrator of the
diocese of Buffalo, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read the third time ; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. GRISWOLD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mrs. sophia beeler.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask
unanimous consent to introduce a small pension
bill; a favor I seldom ask. The bill directs
that in consideration of the gallant services of
Major Abram Beeler, of Illinois, late a pay-
master in the United States Army, who lost his
life in preventing the capture of the steamer
Belle St. Louis, on the Mississippi river, in the
month of October, 1864, and by which a large
amount of public money was prevented from
falling into the hands of the rebels, the sum of
fifteen dollars per month be added to the pen-
sion of his widow, Sophia Beeler, of Carroll
county, Illinois.
Mr. MILLER. Is this reported from a com-
mittee ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. MILLER. I will not object if it is
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope there will be no
objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The com-
mittee will not have time to consider it. It is
one of the most meritorious cases, and as my
friend from Pennsylvania is constantly getting
these things through I hope he will not object.
It is for the widow of a most gallant officer
who lost his life in the service of the country.
She is left with five young children.
Mr. MAYNARD. Let it go to the commit-
tee with leave to report at any time.
Mr. MILLER. I do not object if the chair-
man of the Committee on Invalid Pensions
does not object.
Mr. PERIIAM. I do not object; but it is
larger than is granted in similar cases.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I give
notice that no other pension act shall get
through ; and I now demand the regular order
of business.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask consent to report
from the Committee of Claims a bill for the
relief of Lieutenant John H. Ossler, of Ohio
^ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
The gontleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Mil-
ler] objects to a little pension to a widow.
funding bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I report back from the
Committee of Ways and Means the bill (S.
No. 207) for funding the national debt and for
other purposes, of which I gave notice yes-
terday that I would ask its consideration
this morning. It has been printed with the
amendments. I wish to make a statement in
relation to the business of the committee in
order to submit the question of its immediate
consideration to a vote of the House.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to the consider-
ation of the bill in the House, as it contains au
appropriation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. SCHENCK. I shall then be compelled
to move to refer the bill to the Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. RANDALL. That is not necessary •
it goes to the Committee of the Whole under
the rules.
lhe SPEAKER. The point of order bein**
™d(; iS must So to the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. SCHENCK. In considering the bill in
Committee of the Whole, I ask that an order
bo made that all general debate be dispensed
with, and that the bill be debated under the five-
minute rule. If I may be allowed to say a word,
ti, wu i ^ Wi^en we get lnt0 Committee of
the Whole we shall meet with this question : my
colleague on the committee [Mr. Moouhead]
has charge of the tariff bill, which has now
precedence as a special order in committee,
and I shall move to take up tho funding bill,
laying aside all other business, which will in-
tariff bill ying ® for the Present of the
bibs also^LDING' And the aPProPriatioQ
tn^lfs 1 am willinS to submit
to the House as a test question; whether it will
