3148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June IS,
Department, finding that they had committed a
blunder, had built some twenty iron-clads at a
C0S^ji many miilJons of dollars which, would
not float, undertook to reconstruct the/n, make
them over, turn them into torpedo boats or
something of that kind. After they had been
reconstructed, made over, and turned into
torpedo boats at a vast expense, they were not
halt as good as they were when they would go
to the bottom direct.
Now, sir, I do not know whether these are
among those vessels or not; but after all, that
should have no effect upon the claims of the
contractors, though it does reflect upon the
Navy Department. They had no right to build
twenty vessels that would go to the bottom
when their armament was on board, and then
they had no right to undertake to turn them
into torpedo boat% at a vast expenditure, and
make them worse than they were when they
would go to the bottom. Still the contractors
undoubtedly obeyed the directions of the Navy
Department, andare entitled to compensation.
I have nothing to say with regard to the merit
of these contractors, but X have something to
say with regard to the merits of the Navy
Department.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I was one of the members of the Committee
on Naval Affairs who dissented from this report.
The chairman, the Senator from Jowa, [Mr.
Grimes,] aud myself did not recommend that
this joint resolution should pass. I understand
the case to be simply this: the contract price
for these vessels was, in round numbers,
$14,000,000. By reason of delay and altera-
tions the contractors claimed to be paid
$10,000,009 more. The Department allowed
and paid them $5,000,000 of those §10,000,000.
Then Congress passed the act of 2d of March,
1807, which appointed a commission and au-
thorized that commission to find out what more
was due thein ; and that commission did find
out, aud leported that $157,000 more were due;
not $5,000,000, but $157,000; and the other
day wc passed a bill appropriating that money,
so that it may be paid. Now they ask for lib-
erty to go into the Court of Claims to have the
whole subject again investigated. My objection
to that is that there is no evidence whatever
before Congress that the finding of the com-
mission was not perfectly accurate and just;
and until there is some such evidence 1 think
it ought to be final.
Again, if we are determined that no adjudi-
cation shall stand, if we setaside every finding
that is made by commission and by the De-
partment, we finally shall get a sum of money
that will be satisfactory to the claimants, and
such as Congress wants to pay, I suppose.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to ask the
Senator if this $5,000,000 that was paid to
these men in the first instance was ascertained
by a commission ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. No; that was
paid by the Department.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Without any examination
by a co in mission?
Mr. FREL1NGHUYSEN. Without a com-
mission being appointed; then a commission
was appointed.
if there is to be a review and another adjudi-
cation of this subject I think it ought to be by
a commission, and not by the Court of Claims,
for 1 do not see how the Government can
defend itself, how it can be prepared to bring
out the truth there. All these contractors can
go to the Court of Claims with their books and
their agents and state what they believe to be
their view of the case, while the solicitor and
the Government will be without means of
meeting these allegations, when, if we have a
commission, they can without being tied down
by the rules of evidence examine the whole
subject themselves and come to a just conclu-
sion. But I do not see upon what is based the
aophcauon to have another hearing until it
appears that there is something erroneous in
the finding of the commission.
Mr. DRAKE. That commission had before
it the' cases of thirty-one different vessels. It
allowed on behalf of six of them certain sums
of money, and it rejected all the rest of them ;
and that, too, when the circumstances con-
nected with the building of the whole of them
were absolutely almost identical. And it is a
very singular feature of this case that the five
vessels of one particular class, of which there
were nine, that were selected for the granting
of this aid were built in eastern ports, and the
four where the aid was denied were built in
western ports. It may have been an accident,
but it is a very significant accident. These
vessels were all built under the same circum-
stances, that the specifications for the construc-
tion of them were withheld for long periods, in
the case of the nine vessels of the same class for
two years from the time when they ought to
have been furnished. During that time gold
went up from 118 to 282, and was fluctuating
between 150 and 282 the most of the time.
Every single article thatentered into their con-
struction was of course greatly increased, the
delays caused by the Government itself being
the cause of loss by that increase of price.
Now, I beg to submitfin opposition to the
remarks of the Senator from New Jersey, that
the report bears upon its very face the want of
complete aud thorough investigation. Why
should there be six vessels selected out of
thirty-one, and twenty-live built under the
same circumstances completely rejected? That
shows that there was not sufficient examination.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. May I ask my
friend a question? Does it appear anywhere
that the circumstances of the twenty-five ves-
sels were like those of the six? I think with
as much propriety you might say that if an
arbitration allowed carpenters and architects
an extra price for building six houses, there-
fore they must allow the same advance on any
other twenty-four houses that might be built
in the course of the year.
Mr. DRAKE. Asto nine of tlsem lean state
the facts to be these, and they are the great poin ts
in this investigation. I stated them the other
day: that the contract called for the delivery
of the specifications to the contractors at the
time of the signing of the contract; that none
of them were delivered until twenty-eight days
afterward, and that from that time on for two
years the complete specifications were not de-
livered, though it is a fact that the contract
called for the construction of the vessels within
the period of six months. And so during all
that long time of the high rate of gold these
contractors had to go on and construct that
work, with the prices of everything doubled,
trebled, and quadrupled, by reason of the rise
in the price of gold.
Mr. NYE. 1 should like to ask the honor-
able Senator a question. I think he is labor-
ing under a slight mistake in regard to the
character of that report. The board reported
simply upon five, but I do not understand that
they reported adversely ou the others.
Mr. DRAKE. They simply set it down in
the table ''none," "none," &c. That is all.
Mr. NYE. Not an adverse report. If the
Senator will turn to the report made two years
ago upon the same subject he will find that
these vessels were reported upon for various
amounts.
Mr. DRAKE. If it be not the will of the
Senate that under the circumstances these con-
tractors, who are ruined by these contracts
unless they can get some relief, should have the
poor privilege of going into the Court of Claims,
and there asking the court to give them such
relief merely, simply, as the Government has
said it is willing they should have under the
act of March 2, 1867, then I have done my
duty to them, and I have nothing further to
say.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I felt j
it to be my duty to vote in committee for this j
joint resolution, and I think I am authorized :
111 supporting it in the Senate. I do not think
the facts stated by the Senator from New Jer-
sey are conclusive against these parties. In
the first place, some three years ago the Sen-
ate, then in executive session, passed a reso-
lution providing for the appointment of a board
to ascertain the losses sustained by these eon-
tractors. That board was organized according
to that resolution, and reported the losses sus-
tained by the contractors, after five months of
session, hearing evidence upon the subject, and
requiring each contractor to make an exact
statement of every expenditure in the building
of each vessel. That report, with the evidence
to a considerable extent, carjie before the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and it became my
duty to examine it. I was satisfied that these
parties had sustained loss to a large amount.
The loss amounted very nearly to two mil-
lion dollars, and I thought that a fair percent-
age of the loss ought at least to be paid, and I
advocated such a*bill, and it passed the Sen- .
ate. It went to the House of Representatives
based upon that report. The House Commit-
tee of Claims was not willing to agree to the
bill. Finally an agreement was arrived at, and
the bill passed wiiieh has been referred to by
the Senator from Missouri, authorizing the
appointment of another board, but restricting
it in the rule of allowance to this point: that
no allowance should be made except the loss
was occasioned by the act of the Government.
That board was organized, and made its re-
port at this session. My knowledge of the
case, as I gathered it from the papers that
came with the report of the prior board two
years ago, satisfies me that this last board has
not been just to these parties. I wish to make
no complaint of the Department of the Navy.
I think that the Secretary and the heads of
bureaus intend to do what is right, but I be-
lieve that they are under an influence, because
they made the contracts, because the regu-
lated the construction of the vessels, because
they interposed the changes in the plans and
specifications to such an extent that they can-
not, in my opinion, do justice to these parties.
That board was organized under the Depart-
ment; it was not a board provided for by Con-
gress; that is, the persons who constituted
the btrard were not selected by Congress, but
selected by the Department.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Who were they?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I forget now.
Mr. DRAKE. The Secretary of the Navy-
called the board under the act of March 2,
1807.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Has the Senator from
Missouri the names of the board ?
Mr. DRAKE. I have their report here.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator give
the names ?
Mr. DRAKE. Commodore J. B. Marchand,
Chief Engineer J. W. King, and Paymaster
Edward Foster constituted the board.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have no criticisms to
make on the board ; I dare say they are excel-
lent gentlemen ; but I think that they have dis-
allowed in many cases where an allowance
ought to be made. I think there are many of
these contractors who ought to be relieved
under the law of 1867 who are not relieved by
that report.
Now, I wish to call the attention of Senators
to this fact: that the first board said that the
losses sustained were in the neighborhood
of two million dollars, and the last board
allowed only about two hundred or two hun-
dred and twenty-five thousand dollars—a very
great difference. The Senate was willing to
pass a bill upon the basis of giving a per cent,
of the first allowance. I think that this last
report is not what it ought to be. I say this
after an examination of the case. As far as I
could, I went through the testimony, and so I
believe did the Senator from West Virginia,
[Mr. Willey,] who was on a sub-committee
with the Senator from Nevada [Mr. Nxis] and
myself. We undertook to ascertain what were
the losses of these parties, and 1 am perfectly
satisfied that this award does not do justice. I
do not wish to find fault with the gentlemen
who composed the board, or to say that they
were governed byimpioper motives. I have
no doubt they acted honestly ; but I think they
have fallen short of doing for these contractus
