2124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
ion under that law. Therefore, the argument
which tells you that the law is no longer neces-
sary, and that it is a very unimportant matter
whether you pass the bill or not, is aside of the
question.
The honorable Senator also tells us that we
had existed without this speedy remedy under a
writ of habeas corpus and the right of appeal,
as prescribed in the act of February 5, 18C7,
from the year 1789 almost to the present day,
and that therefore it will make no great differ-
ence if the act of 18G7 be repealed. Now,
sir, the act is not repealed; whether it was
wise or not is not necessary to be discussed
here. Whether the act ought to be repealed
for the future or not is not the question which
I consider material here. But, sir, it is not
repealed. The only effect of this bill is to de-
prive the appellate tribunal of the right of cor-
recting the error of inferior tribunals in the
execution of that law. The law may be unne-
cessary. If so, repeal it prospectively as you
do other laws. I may think that action unwise ;
I may think the law was proper and right; and
I might vote against any repeal of the law in
any of its terms. But the great objection to
the present bill is that it is retrospective in its
action ; that it seeks to divest the vested right
of action on the part of any American citizen
who has hitherto taken his appeal and brought
it before the Supreme Court. I have read to
you the language of Chancellor Kent. I have
read to you the language of Lord Mansfield as
applied to tlie omnipotent Parliament of Great
Britain, that it could not be that the Parlia-
ment intended by an act to deprive the citizen
of his vested rights and render him liable to
the costs of the suit which he had instituted
under an existing law. That is precisely in
principle what this bill intends to do.
Now, sir, I may well ask why is it that the
provision should have been inserted in this
second section, not only that the Supreme
Court shall not have jurisdiction of appeals
hereafter taken, but that it shall have no juris-
diction of appeals which have heretofore been
taken? Is not that provision violative of a
great general principle recognized in all time
}5ast by both the civil and common law; which
was recognized even under the arbitrary rule
of the Roman emperors, which is now part
of the law of imperial France, that retrospect-
ive legislation shall not deprive a party of ex-
isting rights? Sir, on this subject, as it conveys
the principle with more fullness and more
power than I could express, I will read the
language of that great jurist, Chancellor Kent,
in a ease which came before him. It is an
exposition of the principle which I defy the
acutest and the ablest man in this body to con-
trovert or to answer:
" An ex post facto law, in the strict technical sense
of the term, is usually understood to apply to crim-
inal cases, and this is its meaning when used in the
Constitution of the United States; yet laws impairing
previously acquired civil rights are equally within
the reason of that prohibition and equally to be con-
demned. We have seen that the eases in the English
and in the civil law apply to such rights; and we
shall find upon further examination that there is no
distinction in principle nor any recognized in prac-
tice between a law punishing a person criminally for
a past innocent act, or punishing him civilly by
divesting him of a lawfully acquired right. The dis-
tinction consists only in the degree of the oppression,
and history teaches us that the Government which
can deliberately violate the one right soon ceases to
regard the other."—T Johnson's Reports, page 505.
Mr. President, does not this bill violate an
existing civil right? The law of February 5,
1867, passed little more than f^yearago, gave
the right to every American citizen not only to
enjoy the protection of the writ of habeas cor-
pus in the mode prescribed, where he is de-
prived of his liberty, but it also gave him the
right to carry the decision of the court below
into the appellate court, the highest tribunal
of the nation, for its final decision. Under
that right there are cases—no matter what
cases. I know nothing of the particular mer-
its, for I have never examined them, of what
is called McCardle's case or any other. I
have only a limited knowledge, and it may be
an incorrect knowledge of the questions in-
volved in them or any other cases before the
court; but there can be no question that if the
appeal has been taken and the case docketed
in the court, that vests a civil right in the party
prosecuting the appeal. This bill.is intended
to divest him of that civil right, to deprive
him of what belonged to him as a right under
the existing law of the laud. It comes pre-
cisely within the condemnation pronounced
by Chancellor Kent against all legislation of
that kind ; and pronounced not only by him,
but by the universal action of the judges of
England and by the jurists of other civilized
nations under the civil law.
Mr. President, it may be, I presume it will
be, that this measure will be passed by the
Congress of the United States; but if it is
passed, it is nothing else than a law against
reason, against justice, trampling upon, aye,
stamping out the existing rights of American
citizens.
I have said that, from the debate of yester-
day and the votes that were given, I had lost
my hope that this measure would be consid-
ered irrespective of party. I fear that that
hope cannot be regained. I fear that under
the influence of party organization and what
are the supposed necessities of party, which
too often blind wise, good, and able men, this
measure, spite of the condemnation which the
principle of it has received—I speak now of
its retrospective clause—from every public
jurist who has ever written upon the question,
will pass. But there still remain two remedies.
I do not know what may be the decision of
the Supreme Court as to the construction of the
law if passed. I can readily perceive that it
may be (according with Lord Mansfield in
his opinion that it cannot be that the Legisla-
ture, whether the omnipotent Parliament of
Great Britain or the law-making body of the
limited Government of the United States, can
pass a law to divest a citizen of his vested
rights) the court may hold that a law which
says that the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court
is taken away on appeals which have been or
may hereafter be taken does not apply to ap-
peals which have been docketed and the record
filed in court. An appeal may be taken and
never prosecuted. It may be, looking to the
great principle of justice which utterly con-
demns these retrospective laws, that the court
may hold, in reference to existing cases which
are docketed before it with a record filed, that
the law has no application and cannot be held
as intended to affect them. Certainly Lord
Mansfield would so have held, according to his
doctrine, if such a case had eome before him.
But, again, it may also be (and I confess
that if I were in a position to act as one of the
judges of that court I should not hesitate on
that question) that if the court should feel
themselves compelled by the repeal of the law
of 18(57 to dismiss a case which had been pre-
viously argued and heard before them on its
merits prior to the passage of the act, they
would still pronounce their opinion on the law
as it then existed, though they might add to
that opinion that the legislative body had de-
prived them of the power to give the redress
to the citizen to which he was entitled. Such
would be my course ; such deliberately would
I decide if I were sitting as a judge of that
court and arrived at the conclusion that the
party was entitled to the relief he sought under
the law as it stood when his appeal was heard.
I should pronounce my opinion of the law as
it stood at the time the case was heard before
me, and I should not shrink from the expres-
sion of that opinion though I might feel com-
pelled to submit to the exercise of legislative
power, however unjust I might deem it, and
subsequently to dismiss the appeal without re-
lief to the party.
Mr. President, if it be true that this legisla-
tive measure is intended to prevent a decision
upon any of those laws passed by Congress, in
my judgment miscalled reconstruction laws;
if it be true that that be its object, to prevent a
decision of the ultimate judicial tribunal which
might influence the minds of the American
people—and I can conceive oi no other object
in the retrospective action of this bill unless
it be that—I think the dominant party make
politically a grand mistake. It is true thattlxe
reverence of the American people for law and
their disposition to submit to law make the
decision of the Supreme Court on any law of
immense influence; and if Congress proceeds
in the execution of a legislative act, in spite of
the judgment of the court that it is unconstitu-
tional, I have no doubt that it would be highly
injurious to the popular success of any party
who attempts to carry out any such legislation.
But, sir, will it be less destructive to the influ-
ence of the dominant party if, by the passage
of this law intercepting a decision by the court
in a case which has already been argued before
it, you prevent that decision being rendered?
Is it not a confession that you fear the invalid-
ity of the laws which were in question before
the court? And do you suppose that the peo-
ple of the United States are so unintelligent
that they will not perceive that a retrospective
law which wrenches from the court the right to
decide on a case which has already been heard
and which involves principles of the highest
order is a confession of judgment? I know
not what the decision of the court will be; I
have had no intercourse with them ; I have ex-
changed no word with any of the judges; and
I can only judge of the probability of the de-
cision in the case so far as I have beard of it
from my own views of constitutional law. But
do you suppose that if you intercept that de-
cision by retrospective legislation the people of
the United States will not view it as precisely
the same in effect as if the court had decided
the question, as an admission of the unconsti-
tutionality of your measures of legislation ?
If you pass this law it must be by a party
vote. If you pass this law its onlj' effect and
object is to repeal the right of jurisdiction on
the part of the appellate court, not only as to
future cases, but as to those which are now on
the docket or which have been argued before
it; and the common sense of every man will
necessarily draw the conclusion that you fear
the decision of a non-political body. You fear
the decision of a coordinate department of the
Government to whom the Constitution intrusts
the right to determine whether your laws are
passed in excess of power or whether they
are within the constitutional limits which are
assigned to you.
Sir, if this bill be passed and sustained by
popular approval, I have very little hope for
the perpetuity of the free institutions of this
country. Chancellor Kent has told you truly,
1 think, that when retrospective laws to effect
auy purposes, party purposes or personal pur-
poses, are sanctioned by the legislative author-
ity it is not a very long step to pass ex post
facto laws for the purpose of inflicting direct
punishment. If this retrospective law now
is intended and operates to deprive a coordi-
nate department of the Government of the
right to pass upon the validity of an act com-
ing before it in a case intrusted to it by your
own legislation, then you are abrogating judi-
cial power and, as I think you have already
done in reference to executive power; you are
merging the entire powers of Government in
two aggregate bodies composing the Legis-
lature.
Gentlemen may suppose while they have the
power in these bodies that this maybe effected
without luture danger. In my own belief the
experience of history teaches that it is not un-
common for despotism to be established in the
first instance by an aggregate body, but the ul-
timate endissure; an individual will displace,
as Cromwell did, the legislative body, and
assume despoticpowers ovei the whole country.
Sir, ^ 1 have not made my remarks against
this bill in the spirit of party in the ordinary
sense of the term. Nor, sir, have I made them
with the expectation of influencing the Senate,
because since the indications of yesterday I
have been hopeless that the dominant party in
this body would listen to any discussion on the
bill. But, sir, 1 am a worshiper of civil liberty.
L care not what the rest of your legislation may
