1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
HOI
admirably stated the right of expatriation and
its limitations. He says:
"There is great diversity and much confusion of
opinion as to thenature and obligations of allegiance.
By some it is held to be an indestructible political
tie;_ and though resulting from the mere accident
of birth, yet forever binding the subject to the sove-
reign. By others it is considered a political connec-
tion in the nature of a civil contract, dissoluble by
mutual consent, but not so at the option of either
Sarty. The sounder and more prevalent doctrino,
owever, is that the citizen or subject, having faith-
fully performed the past and present duties result-
ing from his relation to the sovereign power, may
at anytime release himself from the obligation of
allegiance, freely quit the land of his birth or adop-
tion, seek through all countries a home, and select
anywhere that which offers him the fairest prospect
of happiness for himself and his posterity."r-Senate
Documents, first session Thirty-Third Congress, p. 33.
To my apprehension this is clearly the doc-
trine of natural justice, as it is certainly the
doctrine which has received the largest recog-
nition from the practice of nations. Historic-
ally, the idea of perpetual allegiance is prob-
ably not older in Europe than the feudal system,
which emerged out ofthebarbarismthatfollowed
the dissolution of tlio Roman empire. It had no
place, I think, among the Greek republics, and
certainly noneiti the Roman republic and empire.
On the contrary, thatgreatpoliticalorganization,
out of whose wreck has grown up nearly all the
States of Europe, recognized the right of expa-
triation to a liberal extent. It was a part of the
Roman policy and the itoman law, and is thus cel-
ebrated by one of her most eminent statesmen:
"But the whole of tliis topic of my speech and the
whole of this discussion, 0 judges, has reference to
the common right of changing one's city; it has noth-
ing in itwhich is peculiar to the religious observance
of treaties. l?or I am defending the universal prin-
ciple that there is no nation on the whole face of tho
earth" * * * * " as to which we are
forbidden to adopt any one of its citizens as our own
or to present any one of them with the freedom of
our city. Oh, how admirable are our laws, and with
what God-like wisdom were they established by our
ancestors from the very first beginning of the Roman
name 1 especially the law that no one of our people
can bo a citizen of more than one city" * *
* * "and that no one can be compelled against
his will to change his city, nor against his will to re-
main a citizen ot any city. lyor these are the firmest
foundations of onr liberty, that eveiy individual
should have it in his own power to retain or abandon
his privileges."—Oir. Orat. pro I&C. ISalbus, XIII.
The French law gives no countenance to the
doctrine of perpetual allegiance; on the con-
trary, it distinctly recognizes the inherent right
of expatriation by providing that the French
citizen who shall at his own option do any
one of several things shall thereby lose his
quality of Frenchman. The following is the
French law upon this subject:
"The quality of Frenchman shall bo lost, first by
naturalization in a foreign country; second, by ac-
cepting, without the authority of Government, public
employments bestowed by a foreign Power; thirdly,
by adoption into any foreign corporation which shall
require distinctions of birth; fourthly, in short, by
any settlement made in a foreign country ^without
intention of return."—-Cody Napoleon, Art. 17.
"The Frenchman who, without the authority of
the Government, shall engage in military service
with a foreign Power or .-hall enroll himself in any
foreign military association shall lose his quality of
Frenchman."—Ibid,, Art. 21.
Even the statutory law of England is in
express conflict, with her common law doc-
trine of natural and perpetual allegiance. By
an act (7 and 8 Victoria, chapter 00) adopted
August 6, 1844, and amendatory of previous
acts as far back as the time of William III, the
British Government has explicitly provided for
the transfer of the allegiance of a foreigner to
the Crown of England, thus clearly and practi-
cally ignoring her own feudal doctrine of Con-
tinuing allegiance. The provisions of this act
impose no other disability upon the adopted
citizen except that he shall not be a member of
the privy council, nor of either House of Par-
liament, leaving it to the discretion of the prin-
cipal Secretaries of State—who are charged with
the execution of the act—to extend the disabil-
ities if they think lit. The following is the oath
prescribed by the act:
"I AB, do sincerely promise and swear that I
will be faithful and bear true allegiance to her ma-
jesty Queen Victoria, and will defend her. to the
utmost, of my power against all conspiracies and
attempts whatever which may bo made against her
person, crown, or dignity; and I will do my utmost
endeavor toUisclose andmako known to her majesty,
her heirs and successors, all treasons and traitorous
eonsniracieswhieh maybe formed againsther or them;
and I do faithfully promise to maintain, support, and
defend, to the utmost of mypower, the buccession of
the crown, which succession, by an act entitled 'An
act for the further limitation of the crown and better
securing the rights and liberties of the subject,' is,
and stands limited to the Princess Sophia, electress
of Hanover, and the heirs of her body, being Protest-
ants, hereby utterly renouncing and abjuring any
obedience or allegiance unto any other person claim-
ing or pretending a right to the crown of this realm:
so help me God."
Here, sir, is an oath of abjuration and alle-
giance—abjuration of foreign sovereignty and
allegiance to the adopted sovereignty of Great
Britain, all based upon the voluntary action of
the foreigner who seeks to become a British
subject. There could not be a more distinct
recognition of tho right of expatriation. No
matter, therefore, what may be the common
law of England, nor what may have been the
mistaken acceptance of this law by some Amer-
ican judges, writers and diplomats—England
is estopped by her solemn, higher, and more
enlightened statute from appealing longer to
the dead and elfete authority of her feudal law.
So strong is the position in reason and so plain
is her implied recognition of the right, that I
am persuaded the statesmen and lawyers of
England would concede the point if the conse-
quences of their own action were pressed upon
them to their logical result.
In view of the whole situation I think the
following is about such a declaratory act as we
should adopt at this time, and I respectfully
submit it to the candid consideration of the
House, intending to offer it as a substitute if
an opportunity occurs:
Be it enacted bp the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of tlte United States of America in Congreas assem-
bled, That the right of expatriation, like the rights
of life, liberty, and the^ pursuit of happiness, is a
aatural and unalienable right.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That when, in tho
bona Me exercise of the rights of expatriation and
naturalization, citizens or subjects of any foreign
State have heretofore become, or shall hereafter be-
come citizens of the United States, such naturalized
citizens are citizens of the United States to all intents
and purposes whatsoever, and as such are of right
entitled to receive from this Government, and shall
receive, the same pioteoiion of lite, liberty, and
property that is accorded to native-born citizens
of the United States in liko situation and circum-
stances
SiiC. 3. And he it further enacted, That tho United
States will at all hazards extend full and complete
protection to its native-born and naturalized citizens,
and will exercise the same jealous c-aro and. putforth
the same measure of energy in the protection of the
rightsof its naturalized as of its native-born citizens.
Sko. 4. And be it further enacted. That to the end
that tho rights of American citizens in foreign coun-
tries may cease to be questioned, and that the peace
of nations may lie preserved, it is hereby declared to
be the duty ot the Executive of this Government to
insist energetically and without delay upon the rec-
ognition ot the foregoing rights by other Govern-
ments, and particularly to interpose with like prompt-
itude and energy, upon the basis of the principles
declared in this act, in the behalf of all American
citizens whose rights may bo infringed by or under
the authority of any foreign State; and to lay before
Congress as early as practicable, and from time.to
time, the results of such interposition, together with
the facts involved in the cases which may now exist
or hereafter arise, of infringement of the principles
of this act by or under the authority of any foreign
State.
Such, sir, is substantially my conception of
the action that is now needed to be taken by
Congress. Such action is not amenable to the
objection that it would only operate in future;
ex vi termini it would necessarily cover both
the past and the future. A principle of na-
tural justice admits no limitations of time. It
is as eternal and immutable as the will of God
who ordained it. 1 am tempted to illustrate
this truth by citing a passage of extraordinary
greatness and elevation from Cicero's book
upon laws. It is one of the immortal passages
of the world's literature of thought;
"The impulse which directs to right, conduct and
deters from crime is not only older than the ages of
nations and cities, but is coeval with the Divine
Being who sees and rules both heaven and earth; '
* > " for the impulse which impels
to right conduct and warns us against guilt springs
out of tho nature of things. It did not begin to be
law when it was first written, but when it originated,
and it is coeval with tho Divine mind itself."
In my opinion we should declare great prin-
ciples, and say nothing of details and particular
exceptions. The principles, oneo explicitly
insisted upon by this Government and defi-
nitely recognized by other nations will be found
to solve the difficulties of special c^ses as they
arise. I think we should say nothing of the
classes of cases in which we will not extend pro-
tection. These are very generally provided for
by the law of nations already, and at all events
they are instances in which the whole question
is in our own hands, and in relation to which
no point of conflict can arise with other nations.
What we need is a-formal and explicit appeal
to the great natural right of expatriation, and
the concurrent right of perfect arid enfire citi-
zenship, based upon the bona Jide-exercise of
the rights of expatriation and naturalization.
The right of expatriation should be grouped
with the natural rights of life, liberty, and the
pursuit of happiness, amenable like them to
such reasonable conditions of enjoyment as
may be required by the well-being of society
and States, but like them, not to be destroyed
by regulation. This, in my judgment, is the
teaching of natural reason, that primal source
of just law, from which proceed the beneficent
institutions of nations and the good and v,'hole-
some rules of action which regulate the inter-"
course of nation with nation.
Bynkershoek says well when ho says, "rea-
son, reason alone is the soul of the law of
nations." Under the impulse of reason inter-
national law has grown and is to grow. As
civilization advances, the errors and shortcom-
ings of the past rot in oblivion, but reason is
a perennial fountain of life and liberty to the
nations. It is appropriate that this Republic,
which, discarding conventionalism and appeal-
ing to pure reason, has given to the world so
noble a declaration of the natural rights of
man, viewed as a citizen of a particular State,
should press upon the nations, and contribute
to the public law of the world, an explicit dec-
laration of that other great natural right of
man, which springs out of his larger relation
to the whole family of States.
Mr. ORTH. I now yield ten minutes to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Ashley.]
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I '
am obliged to my friend from Indiana [Mr.
Orth] for yielding even the few moments he
has allowed me.
I am in favor of the purpose sought to be
secured by this bill. I am not satisfied, how-
ever, with it as originally reported or as
amended by the committee. To the proposi-
tions so ably presented by the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Affairs [Mr.
Banks] in the report before us. I give my cor-
dial assent. I regret that I cannot approve as
fully the bill accompanying it. I want a provis-
ion in the bill affirming, the right of expatria-
tion for all American citizens. It seems to me
that the United States cannot with propriety
ask foreign Governments to yield a regulation
so long maintained and conceded by all Gov-
ernments except our own, as legitimately within
the scope of municipal authority, without first
affirming the right ot expatriation for all Amer-
ican citizens, and by public statute recognizing
their right voluntarily to become subjects and
citizens of any foreign prince or potentate. I
hold that every man has the inherent right to
remove from one nation to another. A citizen
of the United States may go from this country
to France, Great Britain, Germany, or any
other nation, and by complying with their laws
become a citizen if ho so elect. In the lan-
guage of Burlemaqui, quoted by the chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs in the
report before us, I hold that—
" It is a right inherent in all free people to have
the liberty of removal if they think proper. When
a person becomes a member of a btate he does not
thereby renounce the care of bimseif and his affairs.
Ho may soekthe necessaries and conveniences of hlo
elsewhere. The subjects of a State cannot bo denied
the liberty of settling elsewhere m order to procure
those advantages which they do not enjoy m their
native country."
European Governments do not recognize
this doctrine. They claim—
"That a natural-born subject of one prince cannot
by any act of his own dischargehis natural allegianco
and become the subject of another prince without
