1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
be if you keep the country as a government of
laws, if you keep it with its powers subdivided,
so that we may escape a mere government of
will. I have not many years to remain in polit-
ical struggles ; but while I do live I pray God
that I may never live under a government of
will, whether it be the mere will of a single
despot or the will of a majority of an aggregate
body.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, under
ordinary circumstances I might well decline to
go on with the debate upon a subject so im-
portant and interesting at so late an hour in the
afternoon, because it is impossible, speaking
at this time, that I should do justice to the sub-
ject or to myself; but, sir, I regard the circum-
stances under which we are placed. It was by
common consent yesterday understood that this
debate should be concluded to-day, and I am
unwilling to be held responsible for an adjourn-
ment or a night session. I rise, therefore, to
speak at this time in the hope that after the
Senator who has the bill in charge is heard and
such other members as desire to speak are
heard we shall reach a vote.
Mr. President, this subject is undergoing
debate in a somewhat unfortunate manner, at
least in a somewhat unusual manner. The
affirmative is not heard; the debate begins and
progresses, at least it has progressed so far,
with speeches from gentlemen who are opposed
to the bill; and if we are to hear any regular,
any elaborate vindication of it, it is only to be
at the conclusion of the debate. Sir, I think
that we ought to have had the privilege early in
the debate of a speech or two from gentlemen
who support the bill, and who are responsible
for its introduction aud for the form which it
has assumed.
I might well inquire, Mr. President, even at
this late time, how it happens that those who
proposed and supported this second section in
the House of Representatives gave no explana-
tion of it, subjected it to no analysis, assigned
to it no character before they proposed to place
it upon the statute-book of the United States.
I might well make also the further inquiry why,
when an explanation of that section presented
here as an amendment of the other House was
challenged upon the floor of the Senate, no ex-
planation was made, no argument entered
upon, no vindication attempted, and why time
to consider it by those who doubted its pro-
priety was refused by a formal vote of the
Senate and the decision upon it pressed at a
time and under circumstances when examina-
tion and debate were impossible ; when it was
inevitable that if the amendment received he
sanction of the Senate it was to be upon trust
and not upon argument or upon reasons
assigned for its enactment. And now, in this
debate, as I said before, we who oppose the
measure do not enjoy the advantage of hearing
the argument in its favor set forth and fully
expounded in all its length and breadth before
we are called upon to explain the reasons why
we oppose it and desire to place ourselves once
more upon the record against it.
Two little gleams of light alone are afforded
us from gentlemen who support the bill and
propose to vote for it. First, the Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] who heads our law
committee, and who has held his position for
many years, informs us that this bill is quite
harmless, inoperative, so far as the MeCardle
case in the Supreme Court is concerned; that
it will have no effect whatever upon that case,
and that all this debate in Congress and all
this discussion outside of Congress are quite
thrown away, expended to no purpose. In his
judgment—and he is the highest legal author-
ity which we have constituted in the formation
of our committees—the passage of this measure
or the failure to enact it is equally indifferent and
unimportant, so far as that case is concerned.
Mr. President, it is quite unnecessary thatl
should attempt very carefully to answer the
Senator from Illinois, that I should chop logic
with him over this question of the construction
find effect of the present bill in the particular
to which he referred aud to which I now refer
I mean its effect upon the case pending in the
Supreme Court. Two or three things are not
questioned and are incapable of denial: that
the member who offered this amendment (the
second section) in the House of Representa-
tives declares that he offered it and sought its
enactment because it would effect the removal
of that case from the jurisdiction of the Su-
preme Court before it should be decided ; and
that the member who had charge of the bill in
the House openly proclaims that he acceded or
assented to the amendment because he desired
that such should be its effect and operation,
and he applauds the amendment because it is
to have precisely that effect and no other.
We are informed, also, that the Supreme
Court has thought itself justified under the cir-
cumstances in delaying action upon that case
in view of the pendency of this bill. The mem-
bers of that court have in some way, perhaps
informally, determined that they will not pro-
ceed to deliver a judgment upon the case which
was argued before them because this bill relat-
ing to it has been pending before Congress and
the President of the United States.
These things are known to us, and we know,
also, that discussion of this bill in its relations
to that case has been going on in the news-
papers of the country.
I think I am safe, then, in saying that the
second section of this bill was intended by those
who are responsible for its introduction and
who have given it their support for the ex-
press purpose of removing from the Supreme
Court of the United Slates that jurisdiction
which up to this moment it possesses, not to
hear only but to render judgment between the
authorities of the United States and a citizen
of Mississippi who are parties before them in
an issue at law" in which the liberty of the latter
is involved.
Mr. President, I put aside, then, the feeble
and fruitless denial of the Senator from Illinois,
that this is a bill which relates and was in-
tended to relate to the jurisdiction of the Su-
preme Court, over a ease pending before it upon
which, after full argument, its judgment was
about to be pronounced.
Next, we have from the Senator from Ne-
vada [Mr. Stewart] an observation which can
hardly be described as an argument, but which
deserves some answer. He says why make so
much ado about the repeal of this statute of
18G7, or of a part of it, inasmuch as the people
of the United States had lived prosperously
and happily for nearly eighty years without any
such enactment; that, inasmuch as their judi-
cial system had been found sufficient for their
wants for all the purposes of the administra-
tion of justice among them down to the year
1807, it is not becoming aud it is not seemly
that so much objection should be made to the
repeal of that part of the law of 1807 which is
effected by this bill.
Mr. President, that would be very well if it
were uot for two very important facts which
the Senator overlooked, biff which I will now
state. In the commencement of 18G7 we had
extended over the southern country in time of
peace an extensive military jurisdiction affect-
ing the citizens of that section of the Union in
all its parts, and our officers, the agents of our
Freedmen's Bureau, and other persons of the
North were brought into intimate relations
with individuals in the South. Under such
circumstances it was apprehended that constant
occasion of dispute and of difficulty between
them would arise; and hence Congress thought
proper to pass a neW* habeas corpus act in-
finitely more extensive than anyone which had
been previously enacted in this country, ex-
tending to subjects and to persons that had not
been affected before that time by our laws.
Previous to the enactment of the act of 1807
the remedy by habeas corpus for the delivery of
the citizen from illegal imprisonment had been
almost entirely under the authority of the
States. In their courts and by their authori-
ties liberty was sufficiently vindicated ; and it
had not been thought necessary to arm the
courts of the United States with very extensive
jurisdiction for the protection of the citizen.
But, sir, Congress then began to treat this
southern country as without legal State gov-
ernments, as without political organizations
which we would recognize as legal aud effectual
for all the purposes for which State organiza-
tions or governments are established; and as
we assumed to ourselves and asserted for our-
selves new and extensive jurisdiction in that
section of the Union, it was necessary that we
should arm our courts as well as our military
authorities with new and unusual powers.
Any o.ne who will examine the act of 1867
will see that it is most extensive in its enact-
ments and in its operation, having been pur-
posely made so. A new or 'extended system
of Federal jurisdiction having been asserted
by us in that part of the Union, it became
proper, if not indispensable, for the purpose
of congruity and uniformity in our system,
that the different magistrates and judges and
courts should be subjected to a review of their
decisions by some judicial authority, and for
that reason, by_ the law of 1867 we did confer,
not only jurisdiction upon the circuit courts of
the United States in the several judicial dis-
tricts, but appellate powers upon the Supreme
Court itself, in cases arising in those circuit
courts. That was necessary to the system
established by the law of 1807. It was indis-
pensable to that scheme of government and
action which Congress then framed and im-
posed upon the southern country. Without
this what would have been the consequence?
Conflict of decisions everywhere; one judge
or magistrate deciding one way in one section,
and another in a different way in another sec-
tion. I mean decisions upon the rights of the
freedmen: decisions upon the boundaries be-
tween military and civil authority; decisions
upon the character and extent of theauthority
left to the provisional State governmertts in the
South, for they were soon afterward declared
provisional by our laws. It was necessary that
your system of administration should have
coherence and uniformity in the South; and
for that proper and indispensable reason you
provided that there should be an appellate
power exercised by the Supreme Court of the
United States, so that a case might be brought
here, and upon being determined by our high-
est judicial tribunal, the decision should be-
come the law of the country and binding upon
all inferior tribunals, whether of the United
States or of the several States.
Now, Mr. President, under that statute this
this case came up to tbe Supreme Court from
the circuit court in the State of Mississippi,
and it involved one of the gravest and most
important questions which can arise under
Federal law—the question whether Congress
can organize the southern country into military
districts and confer authority upon the military
commanders of those districts to try, or cause
to be tried, by military commission criminal
offenses, and cases involving the civil rights of
the citizen; and whether by the exercise of
that jurisdiction the ordinary provisions of
public law which have heretofore obtained
throughout the United States can be dispensed
with ; whether persons not in the military or
naval service of thexUnited States can be tried
as if the^ were in such service by military
tribunals in a summary manner, and subjected
to such punishment, undefined by civil law, as
the military authorities may think proper to
impose. That case was brought up from one
of the circuit courts to the Supreme Court, and
it underwent prolonged and exhaustive debate.
The voices of counsel who were heard on both
sides of that great controversy almost reached
this Chamber and echoed in our ears. They
spoke in a much more appropriate forum, in a
place much better suited to the case than this
would be. They did not speak to the law-
making power, although they spoke of it. Ihey
addressed themselves to a judicial tribunal^ to
one of the three great departments into wnicn
the Government was divided when it was es-
tablished, and one adapted by its CoMtitution
and by its qualifications for hearing we case
