1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4173
give precedence to the tariff bill or the fund-
ing bill, both coming from the Committee
of Ways and Means.
Mr. RANDALL. I shall insist upon adher-
ing strictly to the parliamentary rules on this
question.
Mr. SCHENCK. My proposition is to post-
pone all other business and take up the fund-
ing bill.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. There is
a small appropriation bill pending which will
not take more than half an hour to dispose of.
As soon as that is finished others will have to
come in. I shall insist on considering the
appropriation bills.
Mr. SCHENCK. As I understand it, only
the tariff bill has precedence ; none of the
appropriation bills.
The SPEAKER. The tariff bill has pre-
cedence, because the Committee of the Whole
have commenced its consideration, and it is
now unfinished business in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. SCHENCK. The question is between
the tariff and the funding bill. My motion
does not affect the appropriation hills, for they
will be in no better condition than if it was not
made.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. We can
pass the little appropriation bill in half an hour.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to lay aside all
other business in order to take up the funding
bill; and I wish a decision of the House as
between the two bills, the tariff and the fund-
ing bill, which shall have precedence.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] makes the point
of order that the bill contains an appropria-
tion, and should go to the Committee of the
Whole. The Chair sustains the point of order.
Mr. RANDALL. I am willing it should
be considered in the House as in Committee
of the Whole if the gentleman will not re-
strict debate.
Mr. SCHENCK. How long a debate does
the gentleman want?
Mr. RANDALL. I withdraw my proposi-
tion.
The question was put on the motion of Mr.
Schexck ; and there were—ayes 53, noes 37.
Mr. RANDALL. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. Before the yeas and nays
are called I desire to ask a parliamentary ques-
tion. Whether the effect of this vote, if it
should prevail, to postpone prior orders, would
not be to give precedence to the funding bill
over the tariff bill in Committee of the Whole ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will answer
the question. It will make the tariff bill sec-
ondary to the funding bill in Committee of the
Whole. That is to say, the funding bill will
first be disposed of.
Mr. SPALDING. And the appropriation
bill also?
The SPEAKER. And all other bills.
Mr. O'NEILL. Can I ask a question?
The SPEAKER. A parliamentary question,
not an argumentative one.
Mr. O'NEILL. To settle all difficulty, I
would ask whether the friends of the funding
bill—and I presume most of those who are in
favor of that bill are in favor of the tariff
bill—will not consent to let us have an evening
session for the purpose of considering the tariff
bill?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is this in
order?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is aware that that is not a question
affecting parliamentary law. The Chair, there-
fore, declines to answer it.
Mr. O'NEILL. It is a question leading to
it. I hoped my suggestion would have been
accepted as a compromise.
The question was taken on Mr. Schenck's
motion ; and it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas GO, nays 58, not voting 83 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Bailey, Baker, Beatt.y,
Beck, Benjamin, Bingham, Boyden, Brooks, Reader
W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Coburn, Cook, Cullom
Dixon, Fcrriss, Fields, Garfield, Gollaclay, Grover,
Haight. Hawkins. Hinds, Hooper, Hopkins, Chester
D. liubbard, Uulburd, Hunter, Ingersoll, .Tenckes,
Alexander H. Jones,Judd, Kerr,Knott, Laflin, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Loughridge, Mallory, McCturg, Mc-
Cullough, Mullins, Niblack, Nicholson, Sfunn.Orth,
Paine, Perham, Pile, Kaum, Sawyer, Schenck,
Shanks, Stewart, Stokes, Stone, Taber, Van Trump,
Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, and Wil-
liam Williams—60.
NAYS—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, James M.Ashley,
Blair, Boutwell, Boyer, Bromwell, Broomall, Buck-
land, Benjamin F. Butler, Cake, Cary, Covodc,
Dawes, Driggs, Eckley, Getz, G-lossbrenner, Griswold,
Hamilton, lligby, Hotehkiss, Kelsey, Koontz, George
V. Lawrence, Loan, Maynard, McCarthy, McICee,
Mereur, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Moriell, Myers,
O'Neill, Plants, Poland, Polsley, Pomeroy, Randall,
Scofield, Sitscreaves, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather,
Thaddeus Stevens, Taylor, Lawrence S. Trimble,
Trowbridge. Dpson. Van Aernam, Van Wyck, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams, John
T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and Woodward—58.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Anderson,
Archer, Arnell, Axtell, Baldwin, Banks, Barnes,
Barnum, Beaman. Benton, Blaine, Boles, Burr, Kod-
erick It. Butler, Chanler, Churchill, Cobb, Cornell,
Delano, Deweese, Dockery, Dodge, Donnelly, E^ggles-
ton, Ela, Eldridge, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferry,Finney,
Fox, French, Gravely, Xlalsey, Harding, Heaton,
Hill, Iloiman, Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hub-
bard, Humphrey, Johnson, Thomas L. J ones, Julian,
Kelley, Ketchain, Kitchen, Lincoln, Logan, Lynch,
Marshall, Marvin, MeCorulick, Morrissey, Mungen,
Newcomb, Peters, Phelps. Pike, Price, Pruyn, Rob-
ertson, Robinson, Roots, Ross, Selye, SheUabarger,
Aaron F. Stevens, Xafr'e, Thomas, John Trimble,
Twitchell, Van Auken, Burt Van Horn, Robert T.
Van Horn, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, James
F. Wilson, Windom, Wood, and Woodbridge—88.
So the motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS AND RESOLUTION SIGNED.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Biils, reported that
the committee had examined and found truly
enrolled bills and a joint resolution of the fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (H. R. No. 344) to incorporate the
Washington Target-Shooting Association, in
the District of Columbia ;
An act (H. R. No. 678) making appropria-
tions for the payment of invalid and other
pensions of the United States for the year
ending June 30, 1869 ;
An act (H. R. No. 761) to constructa wagon-
road from West Point to Cornwall Landing,
all in the county of Orange, State of New
York; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 329) to amend
the fourteenth section of the aet approved July
28, 18G6, entitled "An act to protect the rev-
enue, and for other purposes."
REPRESENTATIVES-ELECT SROJt ALABAMA.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I present the credentials of Francis W.
Kellogg, Charles W. Buckley. Charles W.
Pierce, and Thomas Haughey, claiming to be
elected Representatives from the first, second,
fourth, and sixth congressional districts respect-
ively of the State of Alabama, and I move
their reference to the Committee of Elections.
Mr. BROOKS. Would it be in order to ask
the chairman of th'e Committee of Elections
to see if there was any contesting vote in the
case of these members from Alabama, or if
only one side voted, and to get a return of the
votes from the State of Alabama in these par-
ticular districts ?
Mr. DAWES. I am unable to answer, be-
cause nothing has been communicated to the
Committee of Elections except the naked cre-
dentials.
Mr. BROOKS. I hope the committee will
ascertain whether there has been any election
in Alabama or not for members of Congress
except by one side, by one set of men only, or
a mere primary meeting of the people alto-
gether on one side, holding one set of opinions
—whether, in fact, there has been what, in the
language of the law, is known as an election or
only primary meetings.
Mr. PAINE. Perhaps the people are all on
one side.
Mr. DAWES. TheCommitteeofElections,
as well as they may be able, discharge any duty
imposed upon them by the House. Thus far
their duty has been simply to ascertain whether
a prima facie case exists, whether the creden-
tials are in due form of law.
Mr. CULLOM. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] if he
knows of any law in Alabama or in the United
States to prevent the people voting all on one
side if they desire to do so ?
Mr. BROOKS. The act of Congress for-
bade any election except under certain circum-
stances. Yet in violation of that aet of Con-
gress, in force at the time the vote was taken,
certain persons are here from Alabama claim-
ing seats on this floor.
Mr. DAWES. That is a little premature.
Nothing appears as yet before the House, or
has been referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions, except certain papers purporting to be
credentials. If the committee should report
them to be in due form they will, as thus far
instructed, have performed their duty.
funding tiie national debt.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the rules be
now suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union upon the special order.
Mr. RANDALL.  I desire to ask a parlia-
mentary question. Can a majority suspend
the rules to-day?
The SPEAKER. The rule states that a
majority can suspend the rules for the purpose
of going into Committee of the Whole. The
rule, which is to be found on page 07 of the
Digest, is as follows:
"The House may at anytime, bya vote ofa major-
ity of the members present, suspend the rules aud
orders for the purpose of going into Committee of
the Whole House on the state of the Union."
Mr. DONNELLY. I rise to make a priv-
ileged report from a committee of conference.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sciienck] has moved to suspend the
rules for the purpose of going into Committee
of the Whole on the funding bill.
Mr. DAWES. I desire the gentleman from
Ohio to withdraw his motion until I can make a
report from the Committee of Elections.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Ohio withdraws his motion the Chair will have
to recognize the gentleman from Minnesota,
[Mr. Donnelly,] who desires to make a re-
port from a committee of conference, a matter
of the very highest privilege.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would have no objection
to yielding to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Dawes,] but I do not want to open
the door so as to allow the gentleman from
Minnesota [Mr. Donnelly] to come in also.
Mr. DONNELLY. My report will take but
a minute or two.
Mr. MULLINS. I insist that the business
be carried right along direct.
The question was taken upon the motion
of Mr. Sohexck ; and upon a division there
were—ayes seventy, noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended ; and
the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Pomeroy in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
the committee will proceed to the considera-
tion of Senate bill No. 207, for funding the
national debt and for the conversion of the
notes of the United States, all other business
in Committee of the Whole having been laid
aside for that purpose.
The bill was then read at length, together
with the amendments reported from the Com-
mittee of Ways aud Means.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill will now be
! read by sections for amendment, the first
! amendments in order being those reported from
j the Committee of Ways and Means.
i The first section was read, as follows :
\ Be it ciiactid hy the Senate and House of Jlcpresenta-
tive5 of' the Vnited States of J mrHcain Conuressassem-
1 bled. That the Secietary of the Treasury is hereby
authorized to issue coupon or registered bonds or me
I* live oi mo umtwi owit-a
i! forty years, res.pecti.veJy, and bearing the follow in
