1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
what ought to have been done under the act
of 1867. Inasmuch as there is such a greatdif-
ference between the reports of the two boards
is it not now proper that Congress should refer
the case to the Government's own court, to be
decided upon competent evidence to be pro-
duced by the contractors and by the Govern-
ment itself? We have no occasion to distrust
this court; it is of our own organization. We
have no reason to distrust the principles upon
which the court shall make an allowance, if
any be made, because we prescribe them. We
say that the court shall not allow for anything
unless it shall be made to appear that the loss
was occasioned by the act of the officers of the
Government. If in any case the Government
changed the plan and specifications of the ves-
sels after the contract was made, and thereby
delayed the construction of the work, caused
a loss to these parties, the court is directed to
make an allowance. Does any Senator object
to that? Ought it not to be so? When 1
examined the case two years ago, I had before
me a statement of the advance in wages and
materials. I regret that I have not got it
here. It would astonish Senators to look back
and see how rapidly wages went up in our
workshops ; how rapidly iron and copper and
all those' things that enter into the construction
of vessels and of engines advanced in price
upon these men. Six months of delay was
enough to ruin a contractor ; a year was posi-
tive ruin unless he was a man of wealth. In
some instances I believe, in some classes of
iron, the price went up one hundred per cent,
in one year.
What wag the effect? A contract was made
according to which the specifications were to be
furnished immediately. Ire some cases those
specifications were not furnished until long
afterward, as the Senator from Missouri has
stated. The contractors could notgo on; they
were delayed. In other cases the specifica-
tions were furnished and afterward changed,
the vessels increased in size and capacity, the
engines increased in capacity and power, and
the effect was to delay the construction of the
work, and these men had to buy their materials
and hire their hands when everything cost
them two dollars instead of one, and that
because the Department furnished the specifi-
cations or changed them after the work should
have been far on toward completion. I do
not think these men ought to sustain this loss.
I know if they were doing work for me I could
not consent that they should stand it. If I
had changed the plan of a house built for me
after the contract was made and it had been
commenced, I should feel that I could not live
in comfort in the house unless I compensated
the contractors for that loss.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator a question. Some one, I do not remem-
ber who it was, the other day, in stating the
case on the other bill, said that the principle
upon which this last report was made up was
to allow for all losses that had been occasioned
by delays or by changes on the part of the
Government; that they picked out all those
cases and made an allowance, but they did not
make an allowance in cases where the losses
were not occasioned by the action or want of
action on the part of the Government, thus
distinguishing between the classes of cases.
For this reason it was said there were two
bills. That bill was passed, and now this bill,
as I understand it, is to provide for claims made
against the Government on general principles
on account of the rise of prices, &c., but
where the increased cost was not occasioned
by the action of the Government itself.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is confined spe-
cifically to the law of March 2, 1867.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The other was.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It may be; .but that
statement was made on the other bill which
was passed the other day.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will state to the Sen-
ator from Maine that this is simply an applica-
tion for a new trial under the act of 1807.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Exactly ; but the ques-
tion in my mind is whether it lias not been
tried before this commission, and rejected be-
cause the increased cost was not occasioned
by any action of the Government. The other
bill was distinguished from that case, because
the losses there provided for were occasioned,
to the extent to which the commission made
allowances, by the action of the Government.
If that distinction exists between the two
classes of cases I want to know why an allow-
ance should be made here.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Whether the board dis-
allowed a claim in any particular case because
there was no loss, or because if there were a
loss it was the fault of the contractor himself,
I am not prepared to say; but of course their
allowance is based upon one prfeposition or
the other. Now, these contractors are not
satisfied with that, and they ask Congress to
allow another trial, a review in a court where
they can introduce testimony. They claim that
they were not allowed a full hearing before this
board, and it is worthy of the consideration of
the Senate that this bgard made up its adjudi-
cation in a very short time. I know that to
hear the evidence and to examine all these
cases would take a good many months of a
court that was to go through them aud to hear
the evidence orally. The first board sat, I
think, five months, but the last one a very short
time; how long I cannot say. The Senator
from Missouri, I believe, did make a statement,
but I do not recollect what the time was.
Now, I think I am justified in saying that if
I were hearing this case as a judge 1 would
feel authorized to grant a rehearing. I do not
believe that justice has been done. The plain-
tiff asks a rehearing, to go before the Govern-
ment's own court upon testimony that may be
introduced according to law, and have the
question decided after full argument and hear-
ing, and then that that decision shall stand. I
am not afraid that the Government will suffer
by that course. I am not satisfied to see these
men stripped of their fortunes in an enterprise
that commends them to the gratitude ot the
country, instead of to constant loss and the
destruction of their estates.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. Unless there can be a
vote on this joint resolution, I feel it to be my
duty to call for the special order of the day.
Mr. DRAKE. I hope this resolution will
be allowed to pass. My impression is that the
debate is over. I have nothing more to say
about it. I only ask for a few minutes indul-
gence.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand other Sen-
ators desire to debate it. I have no objection
to the vote being taken, but the special order
comes up at one o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the
Senate pass by the special order informally?
Mr. DRAKE. For a little while.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to that.
Mr. DRAKE. I suggest to the Senator from
Maine that this matter will take but a few
minutes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Wis-
consin wishes to speak, and I may want to say
something myself.
Mr. HOWE. I do not want to occupy any
time. ' I want to offer an amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
is made to laying aside the special order in-
formally. It can, therefore, only be laid aside
on motion.
Mr. DRAKE. I move that the regular order
be laid aside for a little while, just to get
through with this matter.
j;;Mr. SHERMAN. I assure the Senator that
«ffiile I am in favor of his resolution, and shall
vote for it, I see around me a disposition to
debate it, and I trust, therefore, the Senate
will go on with the regular order. I will agree
to take up the resolution at any other time, for
I have examined the question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am inclined to think
the debate will be short. The Senator from
Wisconsin wishes to offer aa amendment; but
says he is not going to debate it. I think we
can get through wit.li this resolution in a few
minutes. Let us try it for fifteen minutes.
Mr. SHERMAN. If that, is done there will
be a struggle about the order of business.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I gave notice
on Saturday that I should ask the Senate to
proceed to-day to the consideration of the
legislative, executive, and judicial appropria-
tion bill, and I think itvery important to have
that bill considered; but still, if the regular
order can be proceeded with, and there is a
prospect of concluding it to-day, I should not
like to antagonize this bill with it, and will-
content myself with giving notice that I shall
try to call it up to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator from
Missouri, upon the statements made, will with-
draw his motion, because it srill only lead to
a struggle about the order of business.
- Mr.TRUMBULL. The Senator from Maine
has already announced that he wishes to-mor-
row to call up the appropriation bill. This
resolution will take longer some other time
than now, and from the indications i think we
can get through with it in a few minutes.
Mr. SHERMAN. I gave way on Saturday,
and I trust the Senate will now go on with the
special order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us have fifteen min-
utes for this resolution.
Mr. DRAKE. I only ask fifteen minutes.
If we cannot get through with it in that time
I shall not press it further to-day.
ThePRKSIDENT^wo tempore. It is moved
that the special order be postponed for fifteen
minutes.
The motion was agreed to ; there being on a
division—ayes 17, noes 11.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution (S. R. No. 100) lor the relief of
certain contractors for the construction of ves-
sels of war and steam machinery is before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the resolu-
tion by adding the following proviso :
Provided, That no claim shall bo so referred in
fav.>r ot Secor k Co.; Pemne,i$eeor & Co.; Harrison
Loring; the Atlantic Woi-ks, of Boston; Aqtulla
Adams; M. F. Merritt; Tomlmson,llurtupce & Co.;
ortoMessrs. 1'oole & Hunt, or any or either ot them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on this amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is not right. The
Senate voted down the principle of that amend-
ment the other day.
Mr. HOWE. Perhaps they will do it again
to-day. I want to try it on.
Mr. HENDRICKS. After full discussion
it was voted down.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Indiana said
a short time since that, having investigated the
facts in reference to these contracts, he believed
there ought to be a new trial, that justice had
not been done the contractors by the board
recently appointed by the Secretary of the
Navy. He may be right in that; but there
should be an end to these rehearings at some
time. So far as the parties named in this
amendment are concerned, they have had two
rehearings, two judgments in their favor, and
I understand they have another claim growing
out of these very contracts pending before the
Secretary of the Navy now ; and here is a joint
resolution which proposes to give them a third
rehearing in the Court of Claims. I think that
is too many.
The Senator says that the principle of this
amendment was voted down by the Senate the
other day. I think he is slightly mistaken about
that. There was a bill before the Senate the
other day to pay the very parties mentioned in
the proviso a certain sum of money awarded to
them by this board of naval officers.^ Knowing
that it was to be followed by the joint resolu-
tion now before the Senate I tried to secure
the assent of the Senate to an amendment
which should make the sum provided in that
bill a full discharge of all claims those; parties
had against the Government growing out ot
these contracts. The Senatof from Indiana
was willing concede a part of' that) but not
