2126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
and for giving a just and lawful judgment
upon it.
The Senator from Nevada says, " Why make
so much ado when we propose to take away
the authority by which this appeal was brought
into that court, and take away the authority by
which the argument was heard by that court,
and - take away the authority by which judg-
ment may be pronounced by that court? Why
make so much ado when the law we repeal is
only a year old ; when twelve months only have
elapsed since by the signature of the President
of the United States it became a law and was
incorporated among our statutes, and became
one of those rules of civil conduct by which all
ihe people are bound 1" I tell the Senator we
make ado about that because you remove from
that statute of 1867 a provision which is indis-
pensable to justice and which is indispensable
also to the uniformity and fair operation of the
system established by that law, which was
itself new and extraordinary. Very true, be-
fore 1887 there was no pressing necessity for
extending very far the jurisdiction of the Su-
preme Court of the United States in habeas
corpus cases, because prior to that time you had
never proposed to exercise the jurisdiction you
then assumed over the inhabitants of one third
of the United States. Prior to that time it had
been thought that this Federal Government
was confined within narrow limits ; that its
powers had been sparingly if notgrudgingly dealt
out to it by those who founded it and who put
it in operation in 1789, and that the great mass
of public power which presses upon the citizen
and regulates his conduct, proceeded and must
proceed from the government of his own State.
But, sir, when in 1807 you took a gigantic,
stride in your imperial career, when you grasped
to yourself and drew to yourself large and un-
usual powers which you had not asserted before,
it becarfie necessary that your judicial system
should be largely extended, so that the ma-
chinery by which you worked, the means which
you employed, should be commensurate with
the new jurisdiction which you assumed. The
Senator from Nevada, therefore, makes a boot-
less complaint, makes one, at least, without
weight, importance, or justice when he objects
to us upon the ground which I have men-
tioned.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator from
Pennsylvania give way for a moment that I
may make a suggestion ?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My object in asking
the Senator from Pennsylvania to give way is
to learn whether we cannot arrive at an under-
standing. What was agreed upon yesterday is
not, I learn, understood precisely alike. Some
of us understood that the agreement was that
the vote was to be taken absolutely at six
o'clock this evening; but I learn that that is
not the understanding of other gentlemen.
Of course there is a misapprehension about it,
and the matter should be settled.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The understanding very
distinctly was that the vote was to be taken
to-day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But some of us under-
stood that the hour was fixed. For one I am
not willing to stay here much longer; indeed,
I am not able to do so ; and 1 am not dis-
posed to take any part in the discussion and I
desire to learn why we cannot have a specific
agreement that the vote shall be taken to-
morrow at one o'clock, and then let gentlemen
who wish to speak take all the time they deshe
this evening.
Mr. BUCK ALE W. I have no objection to
that. I commenced my remarks by saying that
1 rose to speak at this time, and proposed to
go on, because I intended to keep the agree-
ment, which was that we should reach a vote
to-day. . ,
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then as I wish to vote
on the question, but do not feel disposed to
stay here to listen to discussion, T rose to sug-
gest, in accordance with the idea of my friend
from Oregon, with whom I have spoken on
the subject, that we had better have an under-
standing that we shall take the vote to-morrow
at one o'clock, at all events.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If it can be understood
that the vote shall be taken to-morrow at one
o'clock, without discussion then, I have no ob-
jection.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I will go on, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Can we not have that
understanding?
Mr. CONKLINGr. And let it be, of course,
with the further understanding that no other
business shall be done to-day.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Thg,t nothing except this
discussion shall go on.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection to an
understanding that the vote shall be taken to-
morrow.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And then the gentle-
men can take what time they please this even-
ing for discussion.
Mr. CONKLINGr. And let it be understood
that no subject except this will be considered
to-day.
Several Senators. Of course not.
Mr. CONKLINGr. Then no Senator need
wait here any longer, unless he wishes to
do so.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I shall certainly ob-
ject to any House bills being acted upon.
[Laughter.]
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope if the sugges-
tion I have made is agreeable all round, it will
be generally understood, and we shall act
upon it.
Several Senators. And let there be no
executive session.
Mr. WILLIAMS. No other business what-
ever to-day.
Mr. HENDERSON. With this understand-
ing I suggest to Senators that w'e take a recess
until to-morrow morning at ten o'clock. That
will leave us three hours to debate the bill.
Mr. BUCKALEW. That will accommodate
me very greatly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is impossible to un-
derstand in this part of the Senate Chamber
what the agreement is. We should like to
know.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Simply that the vote
shall be taken at one o'clock precisely, to-mor-
row, and that no other business shall be done
to-day except this.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is a queer way
they have of doing business in the House of
Representatives, and as one in the minority
here, I do not choose to accept it. I do not
choose to say, for the accommodation of a por-
tion of the Senate, that we shall have an under-
standing that gentlemen may stay here and
speak and do nothing else. I do not care about
seeing any Senator put in the unpleasant posi-
tion of making a speech when he appears to have
no purpose in view but just to make a speech.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator objects
to the arrangement, and it does not seem to be
agreed to, of course we must go on.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do object. I would
not wish to stay here to make a speech with
the understanding over my head that all the
restof the Senators were going home and would
not listen to me.
Mr. McCREERY. I submit a motion that
the Senate take a recess until to-morrow morn-
ing at ten o'clock.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope not. There are
committees to meet to-morrow morning, and
to agree to that proposition would derange
their business. I insist that we go on now ac-
cording to the agreement.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Pennsylvania abandon the floor ?
Mr. BUCKALEW. I gave way informally
for this little friendly chat. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
and seconded that the Senate take a recess
until to-morrow at ten o'clock.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is a violation of
the agreement made yesterday that the vote
should be taken to-day.
Mr. McCREERY. But I understood that
there was a proposition for a new agreement.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Who made the prop-
osition to take the vote at one o'clock to-
morrow?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I made it, and it was
agreed to by everybody, before the Senator
from Indiana came in just now.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I regret very much
that I did not hear it at first.
Mr. McCllEERY. If my motion is con-
strued as a violation of any agreement, of
course 1 withdraw it.
Mr. COLE. The meeting of committees in
the morning will not be in the way of the dis-
cussion of this bill in the Senate before one
o'clock, and I hope we shall take a recess.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I know it will be in the
way, because I am on a committee that meets
at ten o'clock, a very important committee, a
conference committee; and there arc other
Senators who are on such committees. Such
an arrangement will very much interfere with
them. If there is to be any further discussion
of this bill I want it to go on now, and I want
an opportunity to say a few words at the con-
clusion of the debate.
Mr. MORTON. We all want to vote on this
bill, but some of us do not wish to stay here
to-night to a late hour for that purpose, and
are not physically able to do it. For my part
I think we had better take a recess until to-
morrow at ten o'clock, and then have it under-
stood that the time between that hour and one
o'clock shall be devoted to this discussion, and
that at one o'clock the vote shall be taken.
That will allow plenty of time to send the bill
to the House of Representatives to-morrow,
and answer every purpose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any motion submitted to the Senate?
Mr. COLE. The motion of the Senator
from Kentucky is before Senate.
The PRESIDENT tempore. The Chair
understood that to be withdrawn.
Mr. TRUMBULL and others. Let us have
the question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose if no arrange-
ment is arrived at, the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania will continue his speech.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I am ready to go on, sir.
The act of 1807 was intended to have special
relation to freedmen in the South, to persons
connected with the Government service, and
to persons from the northern States sojourning
in that section. As I understand, it was par-
ticularly intended to protect all these persons
against possible hostility, injury, or outrage,
while they were engaged in the performance
of public duiies or in the peaceful exercise of
their private employments. But, sir, the law
has a more extensive application than perhaps
was intended by those who are responsible for
its enactment. Snch is the imperfection of
human language that in a general statute in-
tended for the advantage of the one race and
of particular persons in another race, passed
for their advantage, a great number of other
persons are included. Although, as has been
hinted to us in this debate, and as has been
said more explicitly elsewhere, this law was
mainly intended to curb the impertinence and
to limit the authority of State jurisdictions, and
to protect the freedmen and their political asso-
ciates, it has a much more extensive effect. It
not only includes negroes and radicals, but it
includes all persons,whomsoever they maybe,
the whole of our population; those whose
political opinions are sound and those whose
opinions are not sound, judged by the political
standard which we set up in Congress, or which
may be set up elsewhere.
So, sir, it has unfortunately happened that this
law of 1807, in the course of its administration,
lias been invoked in favor of a man who is not
a favorite with the law-making power; has
been invoked in favor of a man who used vio-
lent, perhaps improper language with reference
to some military officer set over him in his
district as his commander and superior. I
think the language he used in his newspaper
was described by his own counsel in the Su-
preme Court as "coarse." I suppose it was
