1102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ite d£.?f the prince towhom ws
To this doctrine, the offspring of feudalism,
the American people object. Itis a doctrine
as unreasonable as it is unjust, and cannot
without dishonor be conceded by the Govern-
ment of the United States; nor can it be lon^
maintained by any enlightened Government in
of thcTage llberal and cosmopolitan spirit'
_ I hold that the doctrine 'of perpetual alle-
giance is entirely indefensible, and that it must'
be abandoned by all Governments which have
outgrown the barbarism .of the feudal ages
Etna advanced to the position of an enlightened
Christian iPower fit to be recognized among
the brotherhood of nations.
While the United States have never affirmed
b£ declaratory statute the doctrine of expatria-
tion for American citizens, the executive and
legislative departments of the Government
have always recognized, and the people of the
country have understood, the Government to
hold it. In fact, the doctrine of the right of
expatriation is a doctrine as well settled to-day
in the minds of the American people as though
it had been recognized by statute from the
organization of the Government. Our whole
history bears witness that we have never recog-
nized the doctrine, ''once a subject always a
subject," nor will such a doctrine ever be rec-
ognized by this Government. It seems to me,
however, that before we demand of other Gov-
ernments the right of expatriation for their
citizens that we should set them an example,
which they could not misunderstand, by provid-
ing by statute for the voluntary expatriation of
our own. ^ There is a provision in the first sec-
tion of this bill which 1 cannot approve $ it is
the provision which declares that—
"The President is empowered to employ all tlio
resources of tho Government in just efforts to seeure
tlie recognition by other Governments of tho princi-
ples of pubiiclaw winch have been insisted upon and
maintained by the Government of tho United States
in regard to the lights of naturalized citizens."
I am unwilling to clothe any President with
such vast power as I understand this.provision
to confer, and certainly I would not clothe the
present incumbent of the presidential office
with any discretionary power da this or any
other subject.
I am not in favor of lodging the war power
in the hands of any President, least of all in
the hands of the man now discharging tlie
duties of that office. Let the acting President
be authorized through our accredited ministers
at foreign Courts to present the determination
of the American Government on this question
by laying before them a copy of the law we
shall pass and urge the adoption by them of the
doctrines therein affirmed, and let the result
be reported to Congress for their judgment arid
action. Congress is clothed by tho Constitu-
tion with the war-making power of the nation,
and if it becomes necessary to vindicate the
rights of American-citizens and maintain the
honor of the Government by a declaration of
war I am sure Congress will not shrink 1'iom
its duty. The lights of American citizens,
native-born or naturalized, and the honor of
the American Government, are far safer in the
keeping of Congress than in the keeping of any
President. Nor do I approve of the proposi-
tion to make reprisals upon innocent and un-
offending men temporarily residing in or travel-
ing through this country in retaliation for the
indefensible conduct of the Governments to
which they may happen to owe allegiance.
That proposition, 1 hope, will not be adopted.
I prefer to declare, as was suggested privately
to me the other day by my colleague, |~Mr.
Spauhm,] that a violation of the provisions
of this act by any Government shall be "just
cause for war.1' This announcement would
command the attention and respect of nations,
and in my juugnierit do more to avert war than
the provision proposed, if it did not cause them
to adopt without war the doctrines affirmed,
at, least so far as it affected the rights of natu-
ralized American citizens.
I say nothing now of the hardship and mjus-
February 11,
tice of reprisals such as is proposed by this
act. It seems to me like returning to the bar-
barism of the feudal ages. In my opinion our
Government would be wanting in true dignity
should they enact and attempt to execute such
a law. Its adoption by this Government would
insure its adoption by other Governments; and
reprisal would follow reprisal, and innocent
men suffer unjustly until war came, and the
laws of war, more merciful than the law of
reprisal, succeeded this unjust and indefensi-
ble enactment. No nation having the power
to protect its citizens would long submit to
such reprisals. War would be inevitable, and
if war must come better that it come without
the arrest and imprisonment of innocent men.
Such a course would not only lose us the re-
spect of all liberal men and humiliate us in
our own estimation, but cover the nation with
shame.
Mr. Speaker, this is a question of transcend-
ent importance, and involves interests affect-
ing personally millions of our citizens. It also
affects the honor and plighted faith of the
nation. So grave and important a1 subject
ought to be carefully and dispassionately dis-
cussed. I regret that the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs has determined
to close the debate so soon.
This is a subject requiring tho largest and
most comprehensive statesmanship, and ou<*ht
to have the fullest consideration. I do not
want to be deceived myself, nor do I want to
mislead others. The provisions of this bill
ought to be so plain as to require no explana-
tion, and to bo incapable of misinterpretation.
Is this sncli a bill? The discussion thus far
satisfies me that it is not. The honorable
chairman of the committee says he cannot an-
swer a simple question touching one paragraph
in the first .section without making a speech.
I cannot interpret the provisions of the bill as
many gentlemen interpret it who are giving it
their support It seems to me that an affirm-
ative declaration in the bill is so succecded by
a negative as to destroy its value.
I shall vote for the bill, however, imperfect
as I regard it, trusting that a fuller discussion
in the .Senate than has been allowed us here
will secure tlie adoption of amendments which
will make it more acceptable than it is now.
1 am so desirous for the passage of some such
measure that I think it my duty to vote for this
bill, imperfect as it is, and trust to the Senate
for the amendments [ wish. I do not doubt
that the purpose sought to be obtained is secu-
rity to the persons and property of all citizens
native born or naturalized, and an affirmation
of the inherent right of expatriation. This is
the object at which all are aiming. I do not
know of a single member of the House who
does not recognize tho necessity for positive
action 011 the part of Congress, nor do I know
of one who does not indorse the justice of the
doctrine affirmed in tho able report of the
committee. Having proclaimed to the world
that we hold sacred the right of self-expatria-
tion, we must maintain it at whatever cost.
We have invited the citizens of all civilized
nations_ to come among us and assume tho
obligations and duties of citizenship. Those
who have become citizens were assured when
taking the oath of allegiance that the (lag of
the itepnblic should be their shield and de-
fense ; that he who was naturalized in pursu-
ance of law had conlerred upon him every
right, privilege, and immunity of the native
born. _ Millions of men, having faith in the
American Government and in its power and !
ability to protect its citizens, have assumed the
obligations and responsibilities of citizens.
The practical question now before us is whether
this Government shall keep faith, and by leo-al
enactment give official notice to all the worid
that no naturalized citizen, guiltless of crime
shall be deprived of life, liberty, or property
by any foreign Power.
_ This protection is due from this Government
to every citizen foreign born as well as native
boon We cannot without dishonor yield this
doctrine, and 1 do not intend to stop short of
its complete recognition by all foreign Govern-
ments.
Ihe men who in this country battled through
so many long and weary years for the rights of
all men against the prolonged reign of caste
and oppression and the cruel assumptions of
slavery are the men who may be depended
upon to battle for all men, in every landT
against the unjust assumptions of privileged
classes and Governments. Our voices and votes
have ever been on the side of liberty and
against slavery 5 and they will ever be against
j in-iu.stice ar^ oppression of aristocracies
and anti-republican Governments.
We plead for a recognition by all civilized
Governments of the inalienable right of expa-
triation. We ask for the citizens and subjects
of all Governments the same rights we concede
to our own—the right voluntarily to seek homes
m any land where they may hope to better their
condition. _ Let this doctrine be declared as the
settled policy of this country by its enactment'
into law and it will command the respect of
all nations. ^ It will give vitality and authority
to the doctrine that a man does not owe per-
petual allegiance to the land of his birth. It
will, as my friend from Iowa said the other
day, i breathe the breath of life into* that
clause of the Constitution which declares that
the Congress shall have power to establish a
uniform rule of naturalization.
Mr. Speaker, if the outrages which have
peen perpetrated by foreign Governments dur-
ing the past year upon American citizens had
tt e-n PefPetrafced by th? Government of the
United States upon their citi2ens we should
have had more than a feeble protest and re-
monstrance; they would have demanded indem-
nity forthoir citizens thus outraged and security
for our future conduct. Shall this Govern-
ment be less mindful of its duty and the obli-
gations it owes to its citizens than the despotic
Governments of Europe? I trust not. Alle-
giance and protection are the reciprocal duties
of citizens and Government. We have no
light to expect loyalty of naturalized citizens
unless we protect them, if need be, with the
entire power of the G overnment. The passage
Or some such act as the one now before us will
be an official recognition of our obligations to
naturalized citizens, and I am persuaded will
hasten the settlement of this question in which
so many millions have an interest. To hasten
that hour_ I give my voice and vote for this
measure imperfect and unsatisfactory as it is.
Mr. ORTH. Mr. Speaker, I desire briefly
to consider some of the objections which have
been urged against the details of this bill : for
1 believe that thus far not a single member of
e -Uouse has indicated any opposition what-
ever to the leading principles of the measure.
Atter considering those objections I shall then
one o-ivor to show that they do not properly
app,y to this bill or any of its provisions.
Jn listening to the discussion which has
* ieax} aken place I have witnessed an evi-
dence of the o d adage, that it is much easier
f™utl. T" t0 cronsh'uct, easier to find
nnmboi 'ln c°rrect-, in all the propositions,
1 S n°^ -SS tnan onc hnndred, which
Poro,VneeAff? ,Ued t0 the Conduce on
whlh e was ,,ot a s'ng'e one
nraot c^'li^-T 1-any s"?gestio" with regard to
practical legislation upon this subiect In the
proceedmgs °f all the various public meetings
c-a in Jth? 1;teent.held throughout the country,
3 °n °f tlle i ,b!ic mhld t0 ^
suffered it^tK a,Por'lon of our citizens have
i wTL V a,U(3s ot .European Powers,
rpwaivl t a sm?'e Poetical suggestion with
n lg-essl?nal acti0!1 upon this sub-
is Ur ?n!"lre history, so far as legislation
thus Mr V 1S 0,1 this ; and
assort!(i 6f?®fLer>.wblletl0 one objected to the
assertion ot the principle that it is the duty of
tins Government to protect its citizens, native
4 ; wherever they may be, the com-
ont T) dtllejPselves without a guide, with-
„n. ' '"J1'' direct them in their proposed
aSn 1,e8!alatl0u 5 and without arrogating
anything whatever to the committee I believe
