68
SUPPLEMENT TO
General Thomas accepted it and undertook
to execute it, there was aa agreement between
tlxem to do an illegal act. What was the ille-
gal act which thus far we have got what he
calls a conspiracy to do ? It was to remove
Mr. Stanton ; aril, if that be contrary to the
tenure-of-office act, that, when accomplished,
may be an illegal act. But is that the illegal
act which they are now undertaking to prove?
Is that the extent of the conspiracy which they
are now undertaking to show? Not at all. They
are passing altogether beyond that. They now
undertake to say "We. will show that he con-
spired with General Thomas to remove Mr.
Stanton by force, threats, or intimidation, and
thus to commit a totally distinct crime under
the conspiracy act." That is the conspiracy
"which they propose to show. Having shown
only an agreement to remove Mr. Stanton, and
starting with that agreement, which of coarse
makes the entire limits of the conspiracy, as
they call it, of which they have given evidence,
all circumscribed within this intention merely
to remove Mr. Stanton, they now graft on to
that by a pure and mere assumption a conspir-
acy to remove him by force; and so, having
proved a conspiracy to remove him without
force, we will now give in evidence the declara-
tions of these coconspirators to show a conspir-
acy to remove him with force. I respectfully
submit they have then traveled out of the limits
of the conspiracy which they themselvespretend
they have given any evidence of; and as soon
as they get out of the limits of that conspiracy
■which they allege and say they have given some
proof of, and advance to another and totally
different conspiracy, namely, the conspiracy to i
turn out Mr. Stanton by force, then they must
give some evidence of that other conspiracy
before they can use the declarations of either
of the parties to it as evidence against the Pres-
ident.
But, Senators, I do not think this thing
should be left here. It is an entire misconcep-
tion of the relations of these two parties, the
Commander-in-Chief anda subordinate officer,
one receiving an order from the other, under
any circumstances which appear here, or which
there is any evidence here tending to prove, to
call it a conspiracy. The learned Manager has
said: "If I show an agreement between two
persons to do an unlawful act that is a con-
spiracy, is it not?" It may be ; but when the
Commander-in-Chief gives an order to a subor-
dinate officer to do an act, and the subordi-
nate officer goes to do it, is that done by agree-
ment between them ? Does it derive its force
and character and operation from any agree-
ment between them, any concurrence of their
minds by which the two parties assent and
agree together so as to accomplish something
which without that assent and agreement could
not be done ? Is it not as plain as day that
military obedience is not conspiracy and can-
not be conspiracy ? Is it not as plain as day
that it is the duty of the subordinate officer
when he receives an order from his commander
to execute that order?
My associate [Mr. Evarts] suggests to me
that, as is a well-known fact, and will, no
doubt, appear in the course of the proceedings,
when General Grant received an order from
the President to take this same place, he put
it upon the ground of military obedience. Was
that a conspiracy ? Senators, there can be no
such thing as a conspiracy between the Com-
mander-in-Chiefand a subordinate officer, aris-
ing simply from the fact that the Commander-
in-Chief issues an order and the subordinate
officer obeys it. Therefore I respectfully sub-
mit that the honorable Managers have not only
proved not even the conspiracy to remove Mr.
Stanton without force, but they have offered
110 evidence here tending to prove any con-
spiracy at all. It rests exactly where the written
orders place it; an order from a superior offi-
cer to an inferior officer and an assent by him
to execute that order.
It has been said by the learned Manager in
the course of his argument that we ought to
have objected, if we took this view of the case,
to the declarations made by General Thomas
when he went to the War Department on Sat-
urday, the 22d of February. We could not
make any objection to what he then said. It
was competent evidence. He was^ there in
pursuance of the order given to him by the
President. He was doing what the President
authorized him to do, namely, delivering one
order to Mr. Stanton, he being for that purpose
merely the messenger of the President; and,
having executed that, to take possessimi under
the other order. Of course he authorized him
to demand possession, and he did demand it;
but that demand was as much an act and as
capable of proof and proper to he proved as
any other act. Therefore we could have taken
no such exception; it could not have come at
all within the range of any of the objections
which we now take.
The learned Manager relies, also, on certain
authorities which he has produced from the
books. The first is a case stated in Iioscoe's
Criminal Evidence ; page 390,1 think, lie read
from, showing that under some circumstances
the acts of coconspirators, even before the
person on trial had joined the conspiracy, may
be proved. I see no difficulty in that. _ The
first thing is to prove a conspiracy, which is
a separate and_ independent fact, or may be
wholly separate and independent from the
evidence by which you prove the other step,
namely, that a particular person joined in it.
In that case the Government undertook to show,
in the first place, that there was a conspiracy.
They-proved it by the assembling together of
a body of men for the purpose of military
training, &c. Having proved that there was a
conspiracy, they then took the necessary step
to show that the accused on a subsequent day
joined himself in that conspiracy. That was
all regular and proper.
If they will take the first step here and in
support of their articles undertake to show by
evidence a conspiracy between the President
and General Thomas, when they have done
that they may go on and give evidence of the
declarations of one or both of them to charge
the other; but until they do I submit that they
cannot give such evidence.
The case from 2 Carrington and Payne was
a case of a joint act of three persons falsely
imprisoning a fourth. There was the con-
spiracy ; there was the false imprisonment, the
illegal act, done in pursuance of the con-
spiracy ; and the court decided that a declara-
tion made subsequent to the imprisonment as
to what the intentions of the parties were and
how they intended to carry it out would be
admissible against the others, all of which falls
easily within the same rule.
The case from 12 Wheaton was one where
the owner of a ship having authorized the
master to fit out a vessel, the declarations of
the master were given in evidence to show the
object and intentions of the voyage. Unques-
tionably, if he had made him his agent to carry
on a slaving voyage he made him his agent to
do all acts necessary to carry it out. What
was the act that was given in evidence? It
was an attempt to engage a person to go on a
slave-trading voyage in a subordinate capacity.
In the course of that attempt he stated to him
what the character and purposes of the voyage
were ; but it was an act which lie was engaged
in, an act within the scope of his authority to
carry on the voyage and to ^pgage persons to
assist him in doing so. This, also, falls easily
within the scope of the principles upon which
we rely.
We submit, then, to the Senate that neither
of these questions should be allowed to be put
to this witness. I ought to say, and I am re-
minded by one of my associates to say, that the
statement by the honorable Manager that the
answer of the President admits his intention
to remove Mr. Stanton from office illegally
and at all hazards is not true. The honorable
Manager is mistaken if he has so road the an-
swer. The answer distinctly says, in the first
place, that the President believed, after the
greatest consideration, that Mr. Stanton's case
was not within the tenure-ol-office act; and
the answer farther says that he never author-
ized General Thomas to employ threats, force,
or intimidation, and if the honorable Manager
refers to the answer as his evidence for one
purpose he must take it as it stands.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. Mr. President
and Senators, I had occasion to remark yes-
terday, upon the ruling of the presiding officer
of the Senate, that the Managers on the part
ii>f the House had no cause of complaint touch-
ing that ruling, which had relation to the intro-
duction of this testimony. I said it, Senators,
because I was assured when I did say it, that the
ruling of the presiding officer stands upon all
the authorities, English and American, and
upon that point I challenge to-day any author-
ity to call in question the ruling that the testi-
mony this morning objected to, and ruled as
admissible yesterday by the presiding officer,
is not admissible.
I have listened with due attention to the
learned gentlemen who have argued in support
of this objection. Admitting their premises,
it might be but just to them to say that their
conclusions follow ; but, Senators, I deny their
premises. There is nothing in the record that
justifies that they shall assume here, for the
purposes of this question, that we are re-
stricted, as was intimated by the learned counsel
for the President, to the article which alleges
that this conspiracy was to be^ executed by
force. There is nothing in this case, as it
stands before the-Senate, that justifies the
assumption that the Senate is to be restricted
in the decision of this question to the other
article which alleges that this conspiracy was
to be exercised by threats and intimidation.
There is nothing in the question propounded
by my associate to the witness which justifies
the assumption made here that the witness is
to testify that any force was to be employed at
all, although, if he were so to testify, I claim
upon the authorities, and upon all the author-
ities, that the testimony is admissible._
The Senate will notice that in article five
there is no averment of force, there is no
averment of threat or intimidation. There is
simply an averment in article five of an unlaw-
ful conspiracy entered into between the accused
and Lorenzo Thomas to violate the tenure-of-
office act. My associate was right upon all
authority, and it is conceded, that if two or
more agree together to violate a law of the
land it is a conspiracy. That is the point we
make here. In article five there is no aver-
ment of force, nor is any needed ; there is no
averment of threat or intimidation, nor is any
needed; but there is simply an averment of a
conspiracy entered into between the accused
and Lorenzo Thomas, and other persons un-
known to the House of Representatives to pre-
vent the execution of the tenure-of-office act.
That act declares that a removal, appointment,
or employment, made or had, contrary to tho
act, or an interference, if you please, with the
provisions of the act and contrary to its require-
ments, shall be a misdemeanor on the part of
any man. Of course, if a combination be
entered into between two or more to prevent
its execution, that combination itself amounts
to a conspiracy.
The counsel have succeeded most admirably
in diverting the attention of Senators from the
question which underlies the admissibility of
this evidence, and which controls it. I refer
now specifically to article live, upon which,
among other articles, we claim this question
arises which was not leferred to by the counsel
for the accused.
"That said Andrew Johnson, President of the Tlm-
ted States, unmindful of the high duties of his oliioe
and of his oath of office, on the 21st day of February,
in theyearof our Loid 1868, and ondivers other days
and times in said year, before thc2,*>th day of March,
in the year of our Lord, 1868, at Washington, m the
District of Columbia, did unlawfully conspire with
one Lorenzo Thomas, and with other persons to the
House of Kepresematives unknown, to prevent aiul
hinder the execution of an act entitled "An act regu-
