1868.
JHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fifth section provides for the issuance of
$20,000,000 of additional circulation for the
use of those States and Territories in which
the amount ot' banking circulation already
issued is less than five dollars pa- capifa. It
is intended in some degree to equalize the cir-
culation under the laws of the United States
authorizing the issue of national bank currency.
I do not wish to commit myself to the system
of national banks by anything I shall say in
favor of this amendment. I look upon it only
as some relief for a portion of the United
States from the great embarrassment under
which that portion is at present suffering.
The South and West, as is well understood I
believe by all Senators, are greatly in need of
money. This addition of $20,000,000 to them
in the form of banking capital or bank issues
will afford them only slight relief. It will not
entirely meet the emergency. It will not relieve
them to any very great extent, but it will afford
some relief provided they avail themselves of
the offer and take this circulation. Mr. Presi-
dent, those States and Territories of the West
and South are the poor portion of the Repub-
lic. They are the laboring portions, the pro-
ductiveportions. The other parts of the Union,
the North and the East, possess nearly all the
capital of the nation. They are the manu-
facturing portion, the trading portion, the
wealthy portion.
There is at present a very great inequality
in the distribution of this bank capital; and
to this I wish to call the attention of the Sen-
ate. In New England at present there is up-
ward of one third of this banking circulation.
The total amount issued under the law of
1863 authorizing these national banks is $300,-
000,000. Of this the New England States have
$104,059,981. That amount is apportioned to
the people of New England, who constitute only
about one twelfth of the total population of the
nation. New England and New York, which to-
gether contain only about one fifth of the total
population of the country, have at present up-
ward of seven twelfths of the entire circulation
issued to these national banks. The twelve
States comprising New England, New York,
New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, and
Illinois possess of this $300,000,000 of bank
circulation some $205,000,000; and those
States contain a population, according to the
last census, of less than sixteen millions, cer-
tainly at this day less than half the population
of the .Republic. In all the other thirty-two
States and Territories, including the District
of Columbia, which must contain a population
of about nineteen millions, perhaps at this time
twenty millions, there is distributed of this cir-
culation only about one ninth, or $38,000,000
all told.
This, as will be seen, is a very great in-
equality in the distribution of this circulation.
The $20,000,000 that are to be authorized
under this fifth section of the bill are to be dis-
tributed among some twenty-four States and
Territories, and they are the States and Terri-
tories that lie west of the Mississippi and south
of the Ohio and the Potomac, including the
State of Wisconsin. These twenty-four States
and Territories, all of which possess less than
five dollars per capita of this bank circulation,
will be the States and Territories among which
the $20,000,000 additional will be distributed.
These States and Territories possess at pres-
ent only about $20,000,000 of banking capital;
and I think it will be ascertained by referring
to the census that their total population, includ-
ing the blacks, is about half the population of
the whole country, and if this bank capital or
circulation were distributed according to the
population they would be entitled to $150,-
000,000. It will appear from these figures that
these States which possess nearly all of it
enjoy a great money monopoly, for such it
really is. This remark is particularly applicable
to New England and New York, which possess
upward of $177,000,000 of this currency.
But we were told on Friday, by the Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] that it is
absurd to distribute this circulation according
to population. I do not contend that it should
be distributed according to population entirely j
but that there should be some reference to
population I think a very clear proposition.
But if this be absurd it is an absurdity into
which the Congress that passed the law fell;
for in the seventeenth section of the act of
February 25, 1863, authorizing these national
banks, we find the following provision :
^ " That the entire amount of circulating: notes tohe
issued under this act shall not exceed $300,000,000,
3)150,000,000 of which sum shall be apportioned to
associations in the States, in the District of Colum-
bia, and in the Territories, according to representa-
tive population, and the remainder shall be appor-
tioned by the Secretary of the Treasury among
associations formed in the several States, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and in the Territories, havingdue
regard to the existingbanking capital, resources, and
business of such States, District, and Territories."
Thus it will be seen that by a provision of
the law half of it was to be distributed accord-
ing to representative population; and if that
be an absurdity clearly it is one into which
Congress itself fell.
But this circulation is not to be distributed
in accordance with wealth. It is to be dis-
tributed for the accommodation of the people
and in accordance with the business require-
ments of the people. A larger proportion
of it is required in new countries in accord-
ance with the amount of business than in old
countries or well-established communities. In
the commercial centers, as, for instance, New-
York and Boston, there are such institutions
as clearing-houses. Banks are abundant there
through which the business is done by a sys-
tem of checking, a system of credits. I pre-
sume not one tenth of the business in the
city of New York is done by the actual use
of money, but, on the other hand, by the use
of credits and checks. It is very different in
the new States, where the population is scat-
tered, where people are strangers to each other,
and have but little credit upon which to rely.
There business has to be done upon a money
basis. There is need, therefore, in nearly
every transaction, of money with which to
perfect it. There is, therefore, much differ-
ence between the older communities, these
business centers, and the new States and Ter-
ritories in this respect.
The proposition that is pending here is not
to withdraw any of this circulation from the
States which now possess it. It is conceded
by this bill to be proper that the States which
now possess this circulation should retain all
they have. There is no disposition at all to
interfere with them. The proposition is to
provide some circulation, a small amount, for
this portion of the Union, where it is at present
exceedingly scarce.
It is well understood that business is very
much impeded in the West and South for the
want of money; and if capitalists are found
there who can invest in United States bonds
to the amount of ยง20,000,000 and deposit them
with the Treasurer and draw ninety per cent,
of bank notes, which they may in turn lend to
their neighbors for such security as the neigh-
bors can furnish in the particular localities,
why should not they be allowed to do this ? It
is a privilege that is now only enjoyed by the
people of the East and the North. At present
the South and the West depend to a very great
extent upon the East and the North for the
money with which to prosecute their business;
but the business capacity and wealth of the
people of the South and the West are not
understood at the North, or where these bauks
are located ; and so they have no credit there,
and, as a consequence, if money is borrowed
where they have no credit a larger interest is to
be paid, and it is not an unusual thing for the
people of the West and the South to pay enor-
mous interest, often as high as two per cent, a
month, a ruinous rate.
But whenever the proposition is made from
any quarter to furnish these people with circu-
lation, which they so much stand in need of,
the cry of inflation is raised. This is a sort of
hobgoblin or bugbear brought forward for the
purpose of frightening the representatives of
the people from furnishing this needed circu-
lation. It is a specious cry.^ If there is a lia-
bility to inflation by the issues of more bank
circulation, certainly- there must already be
inflation in New England and New York,
where they have greatly surpassing their pro-
portion of that already, issued; but they at the
North and East do not complain of inflation-.
They are full of money and bank circulation^
they have it in abundance, and they wish to
retain what they have, but are at the same
time unwilling to furnish those portions of the
Union that are in want of it with a small pro-
portion, such as may afford some accommo-
dation to those sections. The people of the
West-and the South of these twenty-four
States and Territories, if furnished these
$20,000,000 of circulation, would be in some
degree independent of their more wealthy
neighbors at the North and East; and to put
them in this condition will not result at all in
an unfavorable inflation of the currency. It
cannot have that result; it cannot produce that
effect.
Bat the statement that is made for the pur-
pose of preventing this addition to the circu-
lation is that it will impair the public credit.
Let us for a moment examine that. The pub-
lic credit does not depend upon the amount
of circulation ; it depends upon the success of
business, upon the productive industry of the
country, upon its growing wealth; and every-
thing that tends to check the productive indus-
try of the country, everything that has for its
object the suppression of labor and industry,
must affect the public credit unfavorably.
The Secretary of the Treasury has made a
recommendation that this circulation be fur-
nished at the South. I believe at some time he
has recommended also that a portion of the
circulation that has been furnished to the East
or North, particularly to New England and
New York, shall be withdrawn and furnished to
these more destitute sections. In a letter of
the Secretary, dated in 1866, I find the follow-
ing paragraph:
" I also think it a matter of great importance that
provision should be made to meet the wants of those
States which liavo been hi rebellion. Banking facili-
ties are necessary to develop the industrial interests
of the South, and to stimulate the production of
those staples which enter so largely into tbe financial
interests of the country. At the same time it would
be wise policy to afford the people of that section
an opportunity to become pecuniarily interested in
the successful maintenance of the Government of
the United States; and, inasmuch as Congress has
assumed entire control of the currency of the coun-
try, and, to a very considerable extent, of its banking
interests, prohibiting the interference of State gov-
ernments, it would seem to be the plain duty of Con -
gress to make adequate provision to meet the business
wants of all sections of the country .in the way of
banking facilities."
That recommendation has been entirely dis-
regarded thus far, and always upon the plea
that there would be something wrong and det-
rimental to the country in adding to the circu-
lation.
The proposition contained in the amendment
of the Senator from Vermont to withdraw an
equal amount of greenbacks to the amount of
bank circulation which is allowed to be put
forth, is not one that meets my approval. It
would be necessarily adding so much to the
interest-bearing debt of the country, unless the
amendment proposed by the Senator from In-
diana should prevail with it. We have not the
greenbacks or United States notes with which
to make the exchange, or with which to sup-
ply the deficiency; they must necessarily be
raised by issuing interest-bearing par bonds;
there is no other way we have for raising them,
and it would therefore be a conversion of
ยง100,000,000 of non-interest-bearing securities
into so much bearing interest. This, in my
j udgment, would be a proposition most unfavor-
able to the Government, and it would not at
all relieve the country from the stringency in
the money market. It would leave the amount
of money in the couritry precisely as it is. It
would afford some little relief in this point of
view; it would allow this banking circulation
to be taken in those Territories and States
where it is now scarce, bat that is all the relief
