THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
69
latino the tenure of certain civil offices," passed
March 2,1867. and in pursuance of said conspiracy,
did unlawfully attempt to prevent Edwin M. Stan-
ton,then and there being Secretary for the Depart-
ment of War, duly appointed and commissioned un-
der the laws of the United States, from holding said
office, whereby the said Andrew Johnson, Presi-
dent of the United States, did then and there com-
mit and was guiity of a high misdemeanor in office."
Now. the tenure-of-office act, which is recited
in this article, provides expressly that the per-
son holding any civil office at the time of its
enactment, who has theretoforo been appointed
by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate—
"And every person who shall hereafter be ap-
pointed to any such office, and shall become duly
qualified to act therein, is and shall be entitled to
hold such office until a successor shall have been in
like manner appointed and duly qualified."
That is to say, all such officers shall hold their
office until a successor be appointed by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate. The
act then provides that the President of the
United States shall, during the recess of the
Seuate, not at any other time than during the
recess of the Senate, in case he is satisfied that
any officer is
M Guilty of misconduct in office or crime, or for any
reason shall become incapable or legally disqualified
to perform itb duties, in such cate, and in no other,
the President may suspend such officer and designate
some suitable person to perform temporarily the
duties of such office until the next meeting of the
Senate, and until the case shall bo acted upon by the
Senate; and such person so designated shall take tho
oaths and give the bonds required by law to be taken
and given by the person duly appointed to fill such
office; and in such ea.so it shall bo tho duty of the
President, within twenty days after tho lirstdayof
such next meeting ot the Senate, to report to tho
Senate such suspension, with the ovideneo and rea-
sons for his action in the case, and the name of the
person so designated to perform the duties of such
office; and if the Senate shall concur in such suspen-
sion and advice and consent to the removal of such
officer, they shall so certify to the President, who may
thereupon remove such officer, and, by and with the
advice'and consent of tho Senate, appoint another
person to such office. But if the Senate shall refuse
to concur in such suspension, such officer, so sus-
pended, shall forthwith resume tho functions of his
office."
The sixth section of the same act provides ;
"That every removal, appointmont, or employ-
ment, made, had, or exercised contrary to the pro-
visions of this act, and tho making, signing, sealing,
countersigning, or issuing of any commission or letter
of authority for or in respect to any such appoint-
ment or employment, shall be deemed, and are
hereby declared to be high misdemeanors."
The conspiracy entered into here between
these two parties was to prevent the execu-
tion of this law, which is so plain that no man
can mistake it; nor can the President, in the
presence of this tribunal, or Lorenzo Thomas
either, shelter himself by the intimation that
it was a military order to a subordinate. Are
we to be told in the presence of the Senate that
it is competent for the President of tho United
States either to shelter himself or any of his
subordinates, by issuing to-morrow a militai-y
order, either to Adjutant General Thomas or
to any other officer of the Army of the United
States, to disperse the Congress of the nation?
This is an afterthought, gentlemen of the Sen-
ate. It is no military order; it is a letter of
authority within the express words of the statute
and in violation of it. The evidence is that
Lorenzo Thomas accepted it and acted upon
it. The evidence of his action upon it was
given yesterday, and received by the Senate
without objection. It is too late to raise the
question of the competency of this testimony
after there is evidence here tending to show
a conspiracy to violate the plain letter of this
law.
It is perfectly justifiable, I take it, in this
tribunal for me to say further, and say it upon
my own honor as one of the Managers on the
part of the House, that we rely, not simply
upon the declarations of Lorenzo Ihomas to
show this purpose of the accused at your bar
to disregard this statute, to violate its plain
provisions, that the officer thus affirmed by the
Senate upon suspension shall forthwith enter
upon the duties of his office, but we expect by
the written confession of the accused himself
to show to this Senate this day, or as soon
thereafter as we can be heard, that it was his
declared, fixed purpose, in any event, to defy
the authority of the Senate and prevent Stan-
ton from, resuming the functions of the office.
There was no reference then made to the in-
tervention of courts. The accused grasped
the power in his own hands of repealing the
law of the nation, of challenging the power
of the nation to bring him to its bar to answer;
and now, when we attempt to progress with
the trial according to the known and estab-
lished rules of evidence in all courts of jus-
tice, we are met with the plausible and in-
genious—more plausible and more ingenious
than sound—remark of the learned counsel
for the accused who has just taken his seat,
that the declaration of one coconspirator can-
not be given in evidence against another as to
his mode of executing it. I state it, perhaps,
a little more strongly than the counsel stated
it, but that was exactly tho significance of his
remark. I should like to know whence he
derives any such authority.
A declaration of a coconspirator made in the
prosecution of the conspiracy, I venture to
say here upon all authority, is admissible, even
as to the mode in which he would oxecuteaud
carry out the common design—admissible not
simply against himself, but admissible against
his coconspirator, admissible against them,
not to establish the original conspiracy, but,
to prove the intent and purpose of the party
to execute the conspiracy. The conspiracy is
complete upon all authority whenever the agree-
ment is entered into to violate the law, 110
matter whether an overt act is ever committed
afterward in pursuance of it or not; but, the
overt acts that are committed afterward by
any one of the conspirators in pursuance of
the conspiracy are evidence against him, and
against his coconspirators. That is precisely
the ground upon which tho ruling was made
yesterday by the presiding officer of the court.
That is the ground upon which we stand to-day.
I quite agree with the learned counsel for the
accused that tho declaration of a purpose to
do some act independent of tho original design
of the conspiracy, to commit some substantive,
independent crime, is evidence against nobody
but the party who makes it; but how can the
Senate judge that such was the declaration of
Thomas, when not one word has dropped from
the lips of tho witness as to how he intended to
carry into effect this conspiracy, which was to
prevent the execution of this law, and which,
in the language of the accused, as we hope to
show it here to the Senate, was determined
upon by himself, in which Lorenzo Thomas
was in perfect accord with him, having volun-
tarily entered upon this duty? lie did not act
that day, Senators, as Adjutant General of the
United States. He acted as Secretary of War
ad interim,-, so denominated himself in pres-
ence of the Secretary; and claimed that he was
Secretary of War by virtue of a letter of author-
ity which he carried upon his person.
Now we are to be told that because he is not on
trial before this tribunal his declarations can-
not be admitted in evidence, while the counsel
themselves read the text going to show that if
they were joined in the record, as he may be
hereafter, in the event of a certain decision by
this tribunal, his declarations would be clearly
admissible.
The Senatehavo it in their power, (and there
is authority for saying that,) sitting as a high
court of impeachment, to apply the reason of
the rule, although by the order of the proceed-
ing at the common law a different condition
of things might obtain in which alone it would
apply. We cannot impeach Lorenzo Thomas
at all, for the reason that he is not a civil
officer of the Government. So wc understand
it. The power of the House of Representa-
tives does not extend beyond tho President,
Vice President, and other civil officers. To
be sure he claims to be a civil officer ; and he
is one, if the President of the United States
has power, by this combination with him, to
repeal your statute and to repeal the Constitu-
tion of the country.
I have thus spoken on this question, Sena-
tors, for the purpose of exposing the signifi-
cance and importance which 1 know the coun-
sel for the accused attach to it. It is not
simply that they desire (I say it with all re-
spect) that this testimony shall be ruled out;
but they desire in some sort, in some question-
able shape, a judgment now; oil the part of
the Senate, upon the main question, whether
Andrew Johnson- is guilty of a crime, even
though- it be proved hereafter as charged. As
I have intimated, it was his purpose to defy the
final judgment of the Senate itself and the au-
thority of the law which declares, if he does
so defy it, his act shall be a high misdemeanor.
That is what is to be signified by this decision'
of the Senate. It is not simply the incompe-
tency of this evidence that is looked for, but
the insufficiency of the charge in the fifth arti-
cle against the accused which is hoped for by
your decision.
I understand it was intimated by one of the
counsel that, if this was a conspiracy, the accept-
ance by General Grant of the appointment of
Secretary of War ad interim was also a con-
spiracy. _ The Senate will see very clearly from
my reading of the statute, or from my remind-
ing them, rather, of that which they do know,
j that this does not follow, and cannot be at all.
! It involves a very different question, for the
1 reason that the statute expressly authorizes the
President, for reasons of course satisfactory to
himself, during the recess of the Senate, to sus-
pend tho Secretary of War, and to appoint
a Secretary ad interim, upon the condition,
nevertheless, that he shall, within twenty days
after the next session of the Senate, report his
action together with the evidence, and have the
decision of the Senate upon it. He did so act.
There was no conspiracy in it, and there is none
alleged here. lie did so act. He did recognize
the obligation of the law. He did avail himself
of the authority with which it invested him. He
did suspend the Secretary of War and appoint
a Secretary ad interim. He did within twenty
days thereafter report the fact to the Senate
together with his reasons. The Senate, in pur-
suance of the act, did pronounce judgment
upon the sufficiency of the causes of suspen-
sion, and reversed, in accordance with tho act,
the action of the President. The Senate noti-
fied him of it. In the meantime he enters
into his combinations, his conspiracies, to defeat
the action of the Senate and to overturn the
majesty of the law: and now, when we bring
him to the bar of the Senate and producc hia
written letter of authority issued to his co-
conspirator in direct violation of the law, while
the Senate was in session, and after its action
upon this very question, and prove Thomas's
act, in pursuance of the conspiracy, at the War
Department asserting the authority to control
Jiat Department, declaring that he would take
r possession of its mails, declaring that he would
l not obey the orders of the Secretary of War,
Edwin M. Stanton, who is declared such by the
solemn action of the Senate and by the express
letter of the law; and while we attempt to pur-
sue it further by showing his declarations,
coupled with an attempt, as I assert now in the
presence of tho Senate, to get additional aid in
the execution of this conspiracy, we are told
that it is not competent.
I desire to see the authority anywhere recog-
nized as respectable in a court of justice that,
when there is evidence tending to show a con-
spiracy for the accomplishment of a given pur-
pose between two or more persons, it is not com-
petent upon the trial of any one of the conspira-
tors to prove the declarations and acts of any
1 of his coconspirators, whether living or dead,
whether on trial or not, made in the prosecu-
tion of the common design, no matter what
means he intended to employ.
Now, I beg leave to say that I believe it will
turn out—as I said before, the Senate will be
the judge of that when they hear the evidence,
and'they cannot judge of it before—that there
will be in this conversation between Bcri.eigh
and Thomas enough to indicate to the satisfac-
tion of Senators that he did not simply desire
to acquaint him of how this agreement and
