70
SUPPLEMENT TO
conspiracy between himself and Johnson was
to be executed in the morning, but_ relying
upon his personal friendship he desired his
presence there on that occasion. If that be so,
he wa3 seeking for aid by which to carry into
effect the original conspiracy and execute it,
and what was that? To defeat the action of
the Senate, to defeat the requirement of the
law that the Secretary of War should forthwith
resume the duties of the office and to control
it himself.
I think that I have said all that it is needful
for me to say. I leave the question for the
decision of the Senate, perfectly assured that
they will hear first and decide afterward. It
is certainly very competent for the Senate, as it
is competent for any court of justice in the
trial of cases where questions of doubt arise,
to hear the evidence, and,' where they them-
selves are the judges both of the law and the
fact, to dismiss so much of it as ihey may find
incompetent, if there beany of it incompetent.
I insist upon it that there is no word of this tes-
timony which upon any just rule of evidence can
for a moment be questioned or challenged by
anybody.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Chief Justice, I de-
sire the honorable Managers to answer two
questions which I send to the Chair.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the questions propounded by the Senator
from Maryland.
The Secretary read as follows:
Tho honorablo Managers are requested to say
whetherevidenee hereafter will be produced to show—
First. That tho President, beforo the time when tho
declarations of Thomas which theyproposo to prove
were made, authorized him to obtain possession of
tho office by foreo or threats, or intimidation, if
necessary; or,
Secondly. If not, that tho President had knowledge
that such declarations had been made and approved
of them.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. I am instructed
by my associates to say—and I am in accord
in judgment with them, Mr. President—that we
do not deem it our duty to make answer to so
general aquestion as that; and it will certainly
occur to the Senate why wc should not make
diisiver to it.
Mr. BVARTS. Mr. Chief Justice, as we
claim on the part of the counsel  
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. 1 rise to aques-
tion here. I understand that we speak here
under a rule of the Senate, as yet at least, that
requires us to be restricted to an hour on each
side.
Mr. STANBEHY. And one counsel, if you
go according to the rule.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. No; I do not
understand that. I understand, 011 the con-
trary, that the practice heretofore thus far in
the progress of this trial has been to allow the
counsel to divide their time as they pleased,
within but one hour on each side. The point
to which I rise now, however, is this: that we
understand that in a proceeding of this sort the
Managers have always claimed and asserted
where the point was raised at all, the right to
conclude upon all questions that were raised in
the progress of the trial. The hour has been
well nigh expended in this instance on each
side, as I am told, though I have not taken any
special note of the time. But we raise the
question; and I state that the fact that our
time has been exhausted, as I am advised, is
the only reason why I raise it now ; and thus
we are cut off from any further reply. Our
only object in raising the question is that we
shall not be deemed to have waived it, because
we are advised that it was settled years ago in
Melville's case by the lord chancellor pre-
siding and by the peers that the Managers
might waive their privilege by their silence.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Wehavethe affirm-
ative.
Mr. STANBERY. On this question ? Oh,
110.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. We have made
the proposition to introduce the proof, but the
objection to its admissibility comes from the
other side.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Do the Managers
object to the counsel for the President pro-
ceeding?
Mr. Manager BINGITAM. We only raise
the question to save our right of being heard
in reply ; and, as 1 stated before, the only reason
we object now is that we understand, without
notice given to us, that our hour has been ex-
hausted. Therefore we object.
Mr. EVARTS. Mr. Chief Justice and Sen-
ators 
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Before the coun-
sel proceeds the Chair desires to state to the
Senate, and obtain their judgment upon the
construction of this rule. In the present case,
with the consent of the Senate, the Chief Jus-
tice will not apply the rule, but pursue the
course which has been heretofore pursued, of
allowing each counsel an hour and not limiting
the number of persons speaking, but for future
guidance the Chief Justice would like to take
the sense of the Senate, and will as soon as
this discussion is closed ; or he will take it now
if any Senator desires it.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Will the presiding
officer allow me a single observation here?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Certainly.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. It is this: that I
limited myself expressly, and divided my time
with my brother Manager, in the argument, and
left out many things that I should have en-
deavored to address to the Senate, upon the
understanding of the rule that we could only
have an hour on a side. The rule said so, and
I supposed it meant what it said. Now, if the
presiding officer and the Senate shall allow
the gentlemen on the other side to have an hour
each, "there will have been an administration
of the rule which is exceedingly onerous upon
us, and which we ought to have been notified
of before ; and we should like to know whether
we can ever have a conclusion on one of these
questions, which is our right and the right of
the people of the United States.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I ask for
the application of the rule.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Senators, the Chair
will state the question to the Senate. The twen-
tieth rule provides that—■
"All preliminary or interlocutory questions and
all motions shall bo argued for not exceeding one
hour 011 each side, unless the Senate shall, by order,
extend the time."
The twenty-first rule provides:
"Thecaso on each sido shall bo opened by one
person. The final argument on tho merits may be
made by two persons on each side, (unless otherwise
ordered by the Senate upon application for that pur-
pose,) and the argument shall be opened and closed
on the part of tho llouso of liepresentatives."
On looking at these two rules together, the
Chief Justice was under the impression that it
was intended by the twentieth rule to limit the
time, and not limit the persons; whereas, by the
twenty-first rule, it was intended to limit the
number of persons and leave the time unlim-
ited ; and he has acted upon that construction.
He will now, with the leave of the Senate, sub-
mit to them the question; Does the twentieth
rule limit the time without respect to the num-
ber of persons? Upon that question the Chair
will take the sense of the Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. The yeas and nays are re-
quired, I suggest, Mr. President.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. They have not been
required as yet.
Mr. DRAKE. I suggest now this point of
order : that all orders and decisions must, since
the change made in the seventh rule yesterday,
be taken by yeas and nays ; that there is no
provision now existing in the rules for putting
a question to the Senate without a division ;
that that is struck out; and that the twenty-
third rule requires that "all the orders and
decisions shall be made and had by yeas and
""Tlie CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chair sees
nothing in the seventh rule which requires
this question to be taken by yeas and nays
; unless they are demanded in the usual mode
by one fifth of the Senators present. Senators,
you who are of opinion that the limitation in
I! tho twentieth rule applies to the whole number
of persons to argue will please say ay, and
the contrary opinion no. _
The question being put, it was decided in
the affirmative nam. con.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senate decides
that the limitation of one hour has reference
to the whole number of persons 'to speak on
each side, and not to each person severally ;
and will apply the rule as thus construed.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, ! move
that the counsel for the President, having been
under misapprehension as to the application
of this rule, owing to the suggestion of the
Chair, have permission in this instance to sub-
mit any additional remarks which they may
wish to submit.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, before
that motion is put I desire to inquire whether
the counsel for the President have exhausted
their hour.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. They have.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. President, I hope the
Senator from New York 
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Debate is not in
order.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to submit an
amendment to the motion of the Senator from
New York.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator will
send his amendment to the Chair in writing.
Mr. EVARTS. Mr. Chief Justice, perhaps
I may be allowed to say that we do not under-
stand that as yet on our side we have tran-
scended the twentieth rule. Wehave not occu-
pied an hour in debate on our side of the
question.
The OIIIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
thinks that the counsel for the defendant have
occupied one hour.
Mr. EVARTS. Subjcct, of course, to the
computation of the Chair. If the hour has
expired I was not aware of it. I do not desire,
nor do my associates desire, that we should
transcend the rule. We supposed we had
some moments of the hour unoccupied. I
rose with the intention, however,.of claiming,
on the part of the counsel for the President,
the right of closing as well as opening accord-
ing to the ordinary rules of interlocutory dis-
cussion.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. That question is
not at present before the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. After the suggestion of
the counsel I withdraw my motion.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the question proposed by Mr. Manager
Bdti.er.
The Secretary read as follows :
You said yesterday, in answer to my question,
that you had a conversation with General Lorenzo
Thomas on the evening of the 21st of February last.
State if he said anything as to the means by which
I10 intended to obtain, or was directed by the Presi-
dent to obtain, possession of the War Department?
If so, state all he said as nearly as you can.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask now that the ques-
tion I sent to the Chair be read.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question before
the Senate now is, Shall the question pro-
pounded by Mr. Manager Butler be put to
the witness?
Mr. DRAKE. On that question the yeas
and nays must be taken under the rules, I
submit.
Mr. EDMUNDS and others. No, no.
Mr. DRAKE. It is so, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is not so.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Upon tlie question
of order raised by the Senator from Missouri,
the Chair is of opinion that he may submit
this question to the Senate without having the
yeas and nays taken, unless the yeas and nays
are demanded by one fifth of the members
present.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to hear
the seventh rule read as amended.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the rule.
The Secretary read as follows:
"VII. l'he Presiding Officer of the Senate shall
direct all necessary preparations in tho Senate
- Chamber, and the presiding otliccr on the trial shall
i direct all the forms of proceeding while the Senato
