4176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
per cent, can be disposed of at par in this
country or any other?
Mr. SCHENCK. I think they will be in
time; but the question to my mind is^ not
between three per cent, and three and sixty-
live hundredths, but between three and sixty-
five hundredths and four per cent, when we are
beginning to establish the doctrine or attempt-
ing to establish the rule that the United States
shall not pay higher interest on securities than
other nations. The rate of three and sixty-
five hundredths was selected by the Committee
of Ways and Means as perhaps the lowest rate
of interest at which we should assume to offer
bonds under any circumstances, even with these
pledges, and the character given to the bonds,
which are contained in this bill. The rate of
three and sixty-five hundredths is, in some
respects, a fanciful rate of interest; but the
principle was first adopted in reference to the
seven and thirty hundredths bonds upon the
argument of greater convenience, inasmuch as
it would amount to just two cents per day on
$100; giving a rate of calculation that bank-
ers, brokers, and all others were interested in
having adopted. The Committee of Ways and
Means have adopted the same rule of computa-
tion, the same economic system of regulating
the interest according to the number of days
in the year—three hundred and sixty-five. I
hope that, whatever may be the fate of a motion
which I have been advised will probably be
made to increase the rate to four per cent., the
motion to reduce the rate from three and sixty-
five hundredths to three per cent, will not pre-
vail; because my desire is—although it may
seem to some gentlemen not to be a practical
bill now—to take the principle and make it
what I believe it will hereafter become, a prac-
ticable principle in the character of the secu-
rities which this country shall continue to issue
to the world.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Ross, to strikeout "three and sixty-five
hundredths" and insert "three;" and being
taken, upon a division there were—ayes 20,
noes 52; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Hubbard, of
West Virginia, and Mr. Iloss were appointed.
The committee again divided ; and the tollers
reported that there were—ayes 28, noes 75.
So the amendment of Sir. Iloss was not
agreed to.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. I move
to amend the portion of the section proposed
to be stricken out by the amendment of the
Committee of Ways and Means by striking
out the word "and" between the words
thirty" and " forty " and inserting after the
word " forty " the words " and fifty ;" so that
that portion of the section will read, "redeem-
able in coin at the pleasure of the United States
after twenty, thirty, forty, and fifty years,
respectively," &c. If that amendment shall
prevail, I propose to follow it up by adding to
the next clause of the section the words " and
bonds falling due in fifty years shall bear in-
terest at three and sixty-five hundredths per
cent, per annum ;" and that the provisions of
the section which the Committee of Ways and
Means recommend be inserted shall be made
applicable to that class of bonds. This will
give us four classes of bonds, at twenty,
thirty, forty, and fifty years, at rates of
interest respectively of five, four and a half,
four, and three and sixty-five hundredths per
cent, per annum. This last class of bonds
would be a class of bonds that could be pur-
chased at any time at par for the currency of
tlje country, and could be sold again whenever
the holders of the bonds ask for currency for
use in their business.
Now, the effect of reducing the rate of inter-
est on all these bonds, as proposed by the
Committee of Ways and Means, to three and
sixty-five hundiedths per cent., would be to
render this whole bill valueless, as no holder
of the present bonds would be willing to make
the exchange. Ilicie being nothing in the bill
requiring the holders of the present bonds bear-
ing interest at five and at six per cent, to ex-
change them, of course they would not do so,
but would prefer to take the risk in regard to
the Government standing by its obligations as
they now exist under the law. And I want to
say to the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ross]
and to this House that the United States never
yet paid a debt and never will by giving its
note for it, any more than the gentleman from
Illinois can pay his debts by giving his notes
for them.
Mr. ROSS. Does not the gentleman pay
his debts by giving notes?
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. No,
sir ; not my notes.
Mr. ROSS. The gentleman pays greenbacks.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. Green-
backs are not my notes but the notes of the
United States, i may extend the time of pay-
ment by giving my notes ; but when the notes
fall due I must pay them in values satisfactory
to the creditor.
Mr. ROSS. I pay all my debts with green-
backs.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. The
United States cannot, any more than an indi-
vidual, pay its debts by giving its notes; nor
do we propose to do it. I am free to admit
that under the law, when these bonds are due
and become claims and demands these notes
are receivable in payment; but these bonds,
not being due, are not claims and demands,
and these notes cannot be tendered to the
holder of these bonds. But if, at the maturity
of these bonds, when they bceom* claims and
demands against the Government, if the Gov-
ernment is then unable to pay the bonds in
coin or its equivalent it may under the law
extend the time of payment as the law now
stands. Whether it, would be advisable for the
Government to do this  
Mr. ROSS. Do I understand the gentleman
to say that the Government has not authority
to pay now a portion of the five-twenty bonds?
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. It has
no authority under the law to pay them now
in United States notes, but only when they
become claims and demands, and then it would
only be an extension of the time of payment.
Mr. ROSS. My understanding is that at
any lime after live years we have a right to
pay them.
_ Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. No,
sir ; they are only redeemable, not payable,
aftcrfive years. They are payable at the end
of twenty years.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman ex-
plain the difference between redeeming a note
and paying it? It seems to me a distinction
without a difl'erence.
Mr. IIUBBARD, of West Virginia. If
there is no difference in the terms why employ
both in the law ? It would have simplified the
matter veiy much to have made the bonds
payable after five years. As I understand
there are three provisions in the law issuing
United States notes. The first provision pre-
scribes under what circumstances these notes
shall be received by the United States. The
law provides that they shall be received for
all debts due to the United States except duties
on imports. The second clause prescribes how
these notes shall be received by the creditors
of the United States, and that is for claims
and demands against the Government. Then
there is a third proviso with reference to debts
within the United States.
Now, I wish the House to notice one fact in
regard to these notes, that they are lawful
money and payable for debts within the United
States. The first two clauses make provision
for cases where debts are due to and by the
United States; and the third clause makes
provision with reference to debts within the
United States to which the United States is
not a party. And the word "public" must be
construed as referring to corporations or other
public bodies and not to the United States.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PIKE. If it be in order, I move_ to
amend by striking out in the fifteenth line
" three and sixty-five hundredths " and insert-
ing " four."
The CHAIRMAN. Thatamendmentisnot
now in order. One amendment to the amend-
ment of the Committee of Ways and Means is
already pending. T • *
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, I rise to
comment on the amendment proposed by the
gentleman from West Virginia, [Mr. Hub-
b vrd. ] This amendment is designed to im-
prove that part of the text of the Senate bill
which the Committee of Ways and Means
recommend to strike out. I will first ask the
amendment to be reported, because I think that
it has not yet been reported from the Clerk's
desk.
The amendment was read.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, the gen-
tleman from West Virginia indicates if that
amendment shall prevail, establishing^ fourth
class of these bonds at alow#r rate of interest,
to add a corresponding clause to the language
of the Senate. Now, sir, I hope the language
of the Senate will be stricken out and we will
have one class of bonds provided for forty
years, or make it, if you will, fifty years. Forty
years is what is proposed by the Committee oi
Ways and Means. But, sir, inasmuch as it is
among the possibilities that the amendment of
the Committee of AVays and Means may not
succeed, I hope the amendment of the gentle-
man from West Virginia will prevail, as it will
make the text of the bill better than it is. I
do not mean to concede, when I made that
remark, the language of the Senate bill should
not be stricken out; but I do mean if that
language of the Senate classifying the bonds
is to stand, I hope the text of the bill will be
modified so as to make a fourth class.
The amendment of Mr. Hubbard, of West
Virginia, was adopted.
Mi-. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. I will
move a further amendment. Strikeout "and,"
and after " per cent..'' insert "and bonds fall-
ing due in fifty years shall bear interest at the
rate of three and sixty-five hundredths per
annum." That will, in my judgment, perfect
the bill. It will put the funding bill in a shape,
I think, which will be acceptable to the coun-
try, and be successful in putting our debt in
a shape the country will approve of.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will call the gentleman's
attention to the language of the amendment,
lie uses the words "per cent, per annum."
The Senate uses the word "yearly." They
do not use the words " per annum."
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. I do
not object to that modification.
Mr. SCHENCK. Leave out the words " per
annum," and the word "yearly," in the pre-
ceding part of the section, will cover them.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. I will
strike out the words " per annum."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PIKE. I move to strike out "three
and sixty-five hundredths" and insert "four."
Mr. Chairman, I join with the gentleman from
Ohio that this Senate language should be
stricken out. We should have bonds at forty
years at four per cent. 1 am quite sure the whole
country would be satisfied with the matter of
taxation and interest if forty years' bonds be
placed at four per cent, free from all taxation,
even including the income tax. It cannot
reasonable be expected that we can place our
securities on as good a footing as those of
England have been placed and funded for fifty
years. We have this large mass of securities
to be thrown upon the public market; and
they will be gradually absorbed if we place the
rate at tour per cent. I know that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means is earnest ingiving
the country something practicable. Instead
of cheapening this bill down to three aud sixty-
five hundredths I hope these bonds will be
placed at, such a rate of interest that they can
be put upon the market and a sale effected. I
snail be willing to go further. I shall be will-
