1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2129
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 20, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by tlie Chaplain, Rev. 0. B, Boyxtox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PACIFIC RAILROAD FREIGHT TARIFF.
The SPEAKER stated that the first busi-
ness ia order was House joint resolution No.
108, to regulate taritT for freight and passen-
gers on the Union and Central Pacific rail-
roads and their branches, the pending question
being on the demand for the previous ques-
tion. on the motion of the gentleman from iowa
[ilr. Price] to refer the joint resolution to
the"Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
PRIMING OF REPORTS.
Mr. LAFL1N. I desire to report from the
Committee oil Printing the following reso-
lutions, upon which 1 demand the previous
question :
Ilcsulved, That there be printed for the use of the
Huu,.s hit.eeu taousand three hundred copies of the
repoit oi J. Robs Browne-oil the anneiai resources.
. liesolved, That there be punted lor the use of the
Treasuiy .Department five hundred copies of the re-
port ol the commission on lile-savmg inventions.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend the first resolution by striking out
"fifteen thousand" and inserting "one thou-
sand."
Mr. LAFL1N. I have demanded the pre-
vious question on the resolutions.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is
one demand for the previous question already
pending.
The SPEAKER. That point of order being
raised the resolutions cannot be received.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
pacific railroad tariff again1. \ /
The SPEAKER. The question before tliS^!
House is on seconding the demand for the !
previous question on the motion to refer the j
joint resolution (H. R. No. 108) to regulate the j
tariff for freight and passengers on the Union i
and Central Pacific railroads and their branches :
to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad. [
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is |
no quorum present, and the gentleman from |
Iowa [Mr. Price] cannot get a vote on bis I
motion, and 1 ask him to yield a few minutes !
for discussion until a quorum comes in. j
Mr. PRICE. I presume a quorum will soon j
be here. The joint resolution, if it be referred, j
will be considered by the committee, and they j
will probably report it back on Wednesday '
next, and then gentlemen can have an oppor- j
tunity of talking on it. I think the interests j
of the business of the House demand that the ;
matter shall be disposed of now. The joint
resolution has never been referred or even
printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let me
say, in reply to the gentleman from Iowa, that !
the business of the House is not pressing^ and !
that the House cannot give its attention^ to ;
a more important matter than this. I hojje |
that, in a matter of so much importance, the
friends of this measure will not attempt at this
ence to this matter. That is untrue, entirely
untrue, and the charge has been made without
foundation. Now, 1 have only this to say, at
some time I hope there will be discussion upon
this question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Whynot
discuss the matter now?
Mr. HIGBY. Wait, if you please. It seems
to me it would be more consistent, unless this
House has lost all faith in the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad, to refer this matter to that
committee, have them consider it, and then,
when they report upon it, there can be all the
discussion necessary.
I am in favor of discussion; I wish to say
something upon this subject myself. It will be
borne in mind, however, that when this propo-
sition first came before this House, on the
motion of the gentlemau from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Wasiibuux,] its friends undertook to press it
through under the operation of the previous
question. There has now been an hour'sspeeeh
made on each side. Now let the matter go
before the committee, who can examine the
present railroad law and see what can be done.
When I have the opportunity I think I shall
be able to show that this proposition is in con-
flict with the railroad law as it now is, and that
the proper way to accomplish the object gen-
tlemen have in view will be to amend that law,
unless we adopt a proposition to go into effect
after the road is completed, which is not the
one now urged by the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin. I desire the House to understand that
there is no disposition oji the part of the com-
mittee, so far as I am acquainted, to have this
matter suppressed, or to have the debate sup-
pressed upon it. As to whether this resolution
should go to that committee and receive their
consideration, and then come back for debate,
that is a question for the House to consider.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. My colleague [Mr.
Washburxe] observed that there was no press-
ing. business now before the House. I desire
to say that the Committee on Reconstruction
have ordered several reports to be made, and
are only waiting an opportunity to make them.
These are bills which, in the opinion of that
committee, should be passed at once. Except
the three days of this week, if we sit on Satur-
day for business, we shall probably not have
much time for the consideration of business
until the impeachment trial is over.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If my col-
league [Mr. Farxsworth] desires to save time,
I would say to him that he could save it by
allowing a little discussion on this matter now.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have no objection
to discussion. But it strikes me that it would
be well to refer this joint resolution to a com-
mittee, have it printed, aiid then when it is
brought back the House can discuss it to any
extent. I hope, therefore, the previous ques-
tion will be insisted upon.
Mr. HIGBY. I have no doubt the com-
mittee will be ready to report at any time it
may be called by the House for reports.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. As the
discussion yesterday reflected somewhat upon
me, I would like to have a few moments be-
! fore this matter is passed upon to explain to
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. PRUYN. I would ask the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Price] to yield to the sugges-
tion .made by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Holmax.]
What is that?
To allow an hour more for
That is for the House to
time to stifle discussion. The gentleman and ySOme extent the remarks I made the other day.
his colleague [Mr. Dodge] spoke for an hour j hope, therefore, the previous question will
not be seconded, but that I will be allowed an
Mr. PRICE.
Mr. PRUYN.
I debate.
j Mr. PRICE.
! determine.
i The question was upon the motion of Mr.
| Washbuuxe, of Illinois, that there be a call
| of the House; and being taken, upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 33, noes 51 ; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Washburn,
of Wisconsin, and Mr. Price were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 40, noes 01.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. "WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. PRUYN. I hope the gentleman will
waive that demand. Let it be agreed that we
shall have one hour's discussion of this matter.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I did not
distinctly hear the proposition of the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Prcyx.] If he will
repeat it perhaps I may assent to it.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentlejnan from
Illinois [Mr. Washburxe] withdraw the call
for the yeas and nays ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order
without unanimous consent. The gentleman
asks unanimous consent that a suggestion may
be made by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Pruyx.]
Sir. FARNSWORTH. I object. I want
the business disposed of.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Very well.
I insist on the call for the yeas and nays.
'The yeas and nays were ordered.
The questipn was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 45, nays 80, not voting
58 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Arnelf, Baitey, Beatty,
Cake, Cobum, Cuok, Cullom, Ferry, Fields, Fox.Getz,
Giohsbrenner, GoIIaday, Ilollnan, Hotellkiss, Inger-
soll, Johnson, Judd, KeUey, Knott, Koontz, William
Lawrence, Marshall, Maynard, Mullins, Niblack,
Nicholson, Orth, Phelps, Plants, Spalding, Thaddcus
Stevens, Tabor, 'fafie. Taylor, John Tiimble. Van
Auken. Van Trump, Ward, Cadwalader C. Wash--
burn, Elihu B. Wa^hburne, TuomasW ilfiams, U ood,
and Woodward—45.
NAYS—Mei-sr.-. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Archer,
Delos It. Ashley, James M. Ashley. Baker, Baldwin,
Banks, Barnes, Be,1 man, Beck, Benjamin, Bingham,
Boutwell, Bromwell, Bioomall, Buekfand, Gary,
Chanler, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Covode, Dawes,
Dixon, Dodge, Diiggs, Eggleston, Eliot, larnswortb,
Eerriss. Gravely, Gri.vwold. Hicrby, Hill, Hooper. Hop-
kins, Chester D. Hubbard, Ilulburd, if unter, Jeuekes,
julian.Kelley, Kerr, Kef eham, Laflin, Lincoln, Loan,
Mailory. McOlui'g, Mercur, -Miller, Moore, Moor-
head. Morrell. Morrissey, Mungen, Myers, Neweomb,
O'Neill, Perhani, Pike, Pile, Poland, Polsley, l'ome-
roy. Price, Pruyn, Raum, Robeitson, Hoss, Sawyer,
Seofieid, Shanks Smith, Aaron F. Stevens, Twiehell,
Kobert T. Van Horn, Vail Wyck, William B.Wash-
burn, Welker, James F. "Wilson, John T. Wilson,
Stephen F. Wilson, Wmdom, and Woodbridge—S6.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Axtell, Barnum, Benton,
yesterday, and made various reflections on gen-
tlemen on the other side.
Mr. PRICE. The gentleman will excuse
me  
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think it
is but fair that we should be heard for a tew
minutes ouly.
Mr. PRICE. There has been no stifling of
discussion. The gentlemen on the other side
have had an hour and a half to debate the
matter. Let the joint resolution go to .the
committee, and when it is reported back it can
b© discussd*
Mr. HIGBY. I hope the House will not get
a false impression from what has been said in
reference to this matter. It is charged here
that the Committee on the Pacific Railroad is
nnfriendly to-having anything done with refer-
40th Cong. 2p Sbss.—No. ir>4.
opportunity to explain some misappiehensious
which the two gentlemen from Iowa [Mr.
Price and Mr. Dodge] seemed to entertain in
regard to the remarks I made the other day.
As I said before, this is a very grave matter.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn]
that he consent to allowing the previous ques-
tion to be sustained if one hour of further
debate is permitted upon this subject-
Mr. ALLISON. Who is to have that hour?
Mr. PRICE. I must insist upon my de-
mand for the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move a
call of the House. The friends of tlje railroad
are all here 
Mr. PRICE. Is debate in order?
liubbarci, Humphrey, Jones, Kitchen. George \ .
Lawience, Logan, Loughi-idae, Lynch, Marvin, Mc-
Carthy, MeOormu-k, M(Cullough, Morgan. Ivann,
Paine, Peters, Randall. Robinson, Sehenek, Selje,
Shell,xbarger, Mtgreaves. Starkweather, Stewart,
Stokes, Stone, Thomas, Luwienee S.Trimble, Ttow-
bridge, Upson, Van Aernaui, Bart Van Horn, Henry
I). Washburn, and "William Williams—.
So the House refused to order a call.
During the roll-call,
Mr. GKTZ said: I desire to announce that
my colleague [Mr. Randall] is detained.from
the House by serious sickness in his family.
The result of the vote was announced as above
stated.
The question recurred on seconding the
demand lor the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
privileged question. I call up the e_
by the gentleman from Wisconsin, [;Jr. - •
Et'RX,] to reconsider the vote by wlneih
ter of the Secretary of the Treasury relative tc
