3154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
The amendment proposed by the Senator
from Vermont will have the effect of increasing
the annual interest account $1,680,000; it will
fasten that amount of interest upon us in any
aspect in which it can be viewed. The effect
of the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Massachusetts will be to fasten upon us
an interest account amounting to $6,400,000
a year. I will state the process by which I
reach this result.
Twenty million dollars of national bank cur-
rency is to be issued. For this, and forthe whole
of it, bonds are to be lodged with the Comptroller
of the Currency, upon which is to be paid six per
cent, in c#in semi-annually, and in addition to
that they are divested of the burden of taxa-
tion." With gold at 140 this interest is not
less than nine and a half, and 1 think not less
than ten per cent. How are these bonds to be
furnished? Are they to be issued for the pur-
poso of becoming the basis of this currency?
If they were, the process and the effect would
be palpable; obviously the whole amount of
interest upon them would be added to the
interest account. But the Senator 1'iom Ver-
mont will say, no; new bonds are not to be
issued. Bonds already afloat, upon which the
Government is now paying interest, are to be
applied to this purpose, and thus no increase
whatever of interest is to take place.
Let us examine that for a moment, in con-
nection with the amendment of the Senator
requiring the cancellation of "greenbacks,"
so called. Bonds are afloat, no doubt; the
identical $20,000,000 to be employed are afloat,
the currency is to be given upon them ; and
then $20,000,000, the corresponding amount,
of United States notes, commonly called
"greenbacks," are to be annihilated as an off-
set, to the end that the volume of the currency
may bo preserved exactly where it was before.
How are these " greenbacks " to be obtained ?
Are bonds to be issued and sold to obtain them,
as the honorable Senator from Indiana feais,
and offers his amendment to prevent? If they
are, I need not stop to argue that we have the
direct, simple transaction of adding the interest
of' $20,000,000 at six per cent, semi-annually
in coin, besides the immunity from taxation.
But the Senator from Vermont will say again,
perhaps, as the Senator from Indiana seeks in
his amendment to say, no; bonds shall not
be sold to obtain greenbacks, but as green-
backs flow in as revenue the Secretary shall
subtract the amount and retire or annihilate
it as circulating medium. Is this pvoposedas
the mode of avoiding the assumption of in-
terest? If so, will some Senator answer me
this: if the people are to be taxed to raise this
parcel of the revenue, this $20,000,000 above
the necessities of the current outgo of the Gov-
ernment, are we not bound, economically and
propeily, to take these $20,000,000 of green-
backs and with them pay off ยง20,000,000 of
interest-bearing indebtedness? If we do not
do so, but allow this $20,000,000 interest-
bearing indebtedness to run, it will he allowed
to run oniy because although we have in our
coffers the greenbacks with which to extinguish
it, we are compelled to cancel and annihilate
them, because in the mean time we have put
out ยง20,000,000 or national bank bills, which
they must antidote and offset. Ami not right
in saying that m the result you either add to the
interest account the interest upon $20,000,000,
or, if it is more accurate so to state it, you
retain an interest account upon $20,000,000,
- with which otherwise you might dispense? The
mode of statement is only a phrase or technic-
ality in bookkeeping.
ill-. MOHIULL, of Vermont. Will the Sen-
ator give way for a moment?
JlL-. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. MOKIULL, of Vermont. The Senator
has conjured up unnecessary lions in the track,
I think. By the statement of the Secretary of
the Treasury it will be seen that he anticipates
a revenue from premiums on gold to the ex-
tent of about twenty million dollars. If he
receives any such amount as that from prem-
iums on gold, of course he sells his gold for
greenbacks, and there would necessarily be a
sufficient amount of greenbacks which might |
be retired. The premium on gold, in order to
realize $20,000,000, would require the sale of
not less than $50,000,000 of gold. Of course,
then, there will be thatamount of'greenbacks on
hand. But suppose that were not so, the Sena-
tor from New York is in favor of a speedy return
to specie payments, and I ask him how we are
ever to return unless we are willing to take
up thfte greenbacks and pay interest on the
amount. I do not expect any other result. I
am willing to meet it now. I expect to have
to meet it. Does the Senator expect that we
should ever resume specie payments without
doing that? Does he expect that we shall
resume specie payments and continue forever
United States notes in circulation ?
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, can it be
possible that the statement made by my hon-
orable friend from Vermont is satisfactory to
his mind? if it is, let me see if it bo satisfac-
tory to any other member of this body who
will give me his attention for a moment. The
Senator says the Secretary, selling gold, re-
ceives a large premium, which premium he
turns into greenbacks. To be sure he does;
and when it is turned into greenbacks it is in
the Treasury, like all the rest of the revenue.
What is it then? Has it any peculiarity sepa-
rating it from the rest of the public money?
Is it more saving to use that particular money
than any other? Is it not of the first import-
ance that all money not required for current
expenses should be devoted to paying off the
public debt, the interest on which never stops?
Interest is the grievous, blighting feature in all
public debts; in our case it is doubly hard to be
borne, because our rate of interest is unknown
to the national debts of Christendom, except
in a single other case. Is it not, 1 repeat, for
the interest of the Treasury and of the people
that the Secretary should use this surplus fund
and every surplus fund to extinguish the inter-
est-bearing debt? Is not this as clear and as
true whether the fund aiises from the sale of
gold or the premium on gold as if it came
from any other source? Is there any distinc-
tion between funds? Is there any magic about
$20,000,000 received from one source rather
than another when it is once covered into the
Treasury? The moment it is there one thing
is certain : if it is not demanded by the cur-
rent expenses of the Government, if it is not
an absolute necessity to devote it to paying
current requisitions, the place where it should
go in honesty, in bookkeeping, in legislation,
and in fact, is to the payment of the interest-
bearing debt, to the payment of that portion
of the matured or redeemable debt, whatever
it may be, upon which the largest interest is
running. Is not that palpable to evciy Sen-
ator? And does it help the case at ail for the
Senator from Vermont to say that $20,000,000
of greenbacks, in place of extinguishing $20,-
000,000 of interest-bearing debt, are to be
destroyed because these greenbacks have been
received from selling gold lather than from the
taxes paid by the people of the country, or from
any other source? It destroying them was the
whole transaction it might be said that the vol-
ume of paper currency was thereby reduced ;
but destroying them for the purpose, and as
part of the transaction proposed, defeats this
result.
Mr. MORIULL, of Vermont. Itmeetsthe
objection about taxation.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator says it meets
the objection about taxation. Does it? Let
me turn to that. Is it true that if you take it
out of one pocket and put it into another, you
gain or lose anything ? is it true that if you
take irom the Treasury $20,000,000 derived
from premium on gold and devote it to a cer-
tain purpose, and then take $20,000,000 from
another place and devote that to the purpose
for which the first $20,000,000 should have
gone, you have saved anything in the opera-
tion ? 'That may do on the stump; it may do
to say to some people, " Oh, no ; you are not
i taxed for this; we aie going to do this after
the fashion of the man who proposed to abol-
ish taxes and pay all expenses out of the
Treasury." That may do in certain places;
but it will not do when put under the micro-
scope and examined as it will be by men who
understand, at least in a homely way, financial
or business questions.
Now, let me come to the other suggestion
made by my honorable friend. He appeals to
me to know if I am not in favor of returning
to specie payments. He knows I am, because
for many summers and many winters he and
I have voted and labored together in that di-
rection. But he asks whether I expect to
return to specie payments if all the greenback
notes are kept afloat. No, sir, by no means;
but the question is whether we are to inflate
the currency of the country $20,000,000 on
the one hand, and on the other at the same
time annihilate a non-interest-bearing circula-
tion of even amount, and then pretend that we
are doing it with a view to curtail the currency,
or to approach specie payments. That is the
proposition. If any man can show me that by
putting out bank bills for which the Govern-
ment pays interest, and in the same breath
retiring greenbacks to the same amount for
which it pays no interest, we are reducing the
volume of paper currency, or hastening the
day when specie payments are to return, I
should be glad to learn the arithmetic or the
process by which that result may be arrived at.
I do not understand it. Jt would be like my
taking up a check of my own, dated ahead and
bearing no interest, and replacing it with my
note bearing interest, with a view to diminish-
ing my liabilities 1
Mr. President, this will not do. The Senate
is brought to the defeat of this proposition to
increase bank circulation, or else to an infla-
tion of the currency to the amount proposed, or
else to taking up $20,000,000 of inexpensive
currency to the end that $20,000,000 may go out
which bears an interest of nearly ten per cent.
These are the three alternatives. Now, sir,
as matter of right, I have no doubt what should
be done, if it can be accomplished. The
localities and the banks which have received
without law an excess of circulation, should
be called upon to relinquish the small percent-
age asked for now by the localities who have
not received their share. The banks enjoying
more than their rights should be scaled down
until a recall of currency has taken place suffi-
cient to supply this demand. That has been
proposed repeatedly. I understand from the
Senator from Ohio that he on one occasion
introduced a bill looking in that direction,
which was dropped.
A bill was introduced in the other House,
which I have before me, with a provision appar-
ently well considered, which, if it were thought
well to take it up, would enable us, no doubt,
to reach a conclusion upon the theory I sug-
gest. But not wishing to interfere with this
bill, but merely to assign the reasons for the
vote I shall give, I do not feel inclined to offer
such an amendment or to make more than a
suggestion on the point. I only say in passing
that, as an original question, if we could get at
it, all must agree that all parties should be put
somewhat in statu quo, they should be brought
back toward where they were. As a simpler
mode, this proposition is before us ; but it
involves the question whether we ought on the
one hand to inflate the currency, or whether
on the other, us an antidote to that, we ought
to strike down the corresponding amount of
non-interest-bearjiig circulation, to the end
I that we may substitute for it these $20,000,000,
! upon every penny of which interest is to be
I paid, either by a further issue of bonds, which
! would create a further interest account, or by
! annihilating greenbacks received in the collee-
; tion of the revenue, which can be spared, and
< then by withholding those greenbacks from the
; cancellation of a corresponding amount of
! interest-bearing debt, and thus putting an end
I to them for the mere purpose of obliteration
j as the debit entry in the account of the circu-
I latioa of the country. It seems to me we can-
