7,2.
SUPPLEMENT TO
•we put the last question upon, was a cocon-
spirator with the President, how can either my
learned friends on the other or the Senate know
when that conspiracy commenced ? You will
observe the question carries with it this state
of facts : Thomas had been removed from the
office of Adjutant General for many years under
President Lincoln'under the administration of
Mr. Stanton of the War Office. That is a fact
known to all men who know the history of the
war. Just before he made him Secretary of
War ad interim, the President restored Thomas
to the War Office as the Adjutant General of the
Army. That was the first step to get him in
condition to make a Secretary of War of him.
That was the first performance of the Presi-
dent, the first act in the drama. He had to
take a disgraced officer, and take away his dis-
grace, and put him into the Adjutant General's
office, from which he had been by the action
ofPresidentLincolnandMr. Stanton suspended
for years, in prder to get a fit instrument on
which to operate ; get him in condition. That
was part of the training for the next stage.
Having got him in that condition, he being suf-
ficiently virulent toward Mr. Stanton for having
suspended him from the office of Adjutant Gen-
eral, the President then is ready to appoint
him Secretary ad interim, which he does within
two or three days thereafter.
We charge that the whole procedure shows
the conspiracy. Here is the taking up of this
disgraced officer and restoring him to a position
in the War Office when he was a known enemy
of Mr. Stanton's, feeling aggrieved, undoubt-
edly, that Mr. Stanton had deposed him, and
putting him in there so that he might have
some official station; and then, after having
done that, Mr. Thomas goes to seducing clerks
to get them ready to receive him when he
should be brought into the War Office itself as
its head. Now, I propose to show his acts,
the acts of one of these coconspirators, clus-
tering about the point of time just before the
period when he was going to break down the
doors of this office with crowbars and axes
and force, as has been testified as he said he
was, that he was trying to seduce the clerks
and employes from their allegiance. We insist
it is all a part of one transaction, and entirely
comes within the ruling which has just been
made. I believe I have stated the matter as
the Managers desired I should.
Mr. EVARTS. The question which led to
the introduction of this witness' statements of
General Thomas's statements to him, of his in-
tentions, and of the President's instructions to
him, General Thomas, was based upon the
claim that the order of the President ofthe21st
of February, upon Mr. Stanton for removal, and
upon General Thomas to take possession of
the office, created and proved a conspiracy;
and that thereafter, upon that proof, decla-
rations and intentions were to be given in
evidence. That step has been gained, and, in
the judgment of this honorable court, in con-
formity with the rules of law and of evidence.
That being gained, it is similarly argued that
if, on a conspiracy proved, you can introduce
declarations made thereafter, by the same rule
yon can introduce declarations made thereto-
fore ; and that is the only argument which is
presented to the court for the admission of
this evidence.
So far as the statements of the learned Man-
ager relate to the office, the position, the char-
actpr, and the conduct of General Thomas, it
is sufficient for me to say that not one particle
of evidence has been given in this cause bear-
ing upon any one of those topics. If General
Thomas has been a disgraced officer ; if these
aspersions, these revilings are just, they are
not justified by any evidence before this court.
Ani if, as matter of fact, applicable to the
situation upon which this proof is sought to
be introduced, the former employments of
General Thomas and the recent restoration of
him to the active duties of Adjutant General
are pertinent, let them be proved ; and then
we shall have at least the basis of fact of Gen-
eral Thomas's previous relations to the War
Department, to Mr. Stanton, and to the office
of Adjutant General.
And, now, having pointed out to this honor-
able court that the declarations sought to be
given in evidence of General Thomas to affect,
the President with his intentions, are confess-
edly of a period antecedent to the date to
which any evidence whatever before this court
brings the President and General Thomas in
connection, I might leave it safely there. But
what is there in the nature of the general proof
sought to be introduced that should affect the
President of the United States with any respon-
sibility for these general and vague statements
of an officer of what he might or could or
would do, if thereafter he should come into
the possession of power over the Department?
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. I desire to say
a word or two in reply. I am willing to con-
cede that any question beyond what may have
been said by one who is shown to have entered
into a conspiracy before the transaction is not
admissible. I concede it, however, subject to
this exception: that the Senate being the triers
of the fact as well as of the law, -will remember
that the rule of evidence has been so extended
on very similar occasions in courts of justice
as to allow of declarations of this sort so shortly
anterior to the time in which the conspiracy is
shown to have been actually entered into to go
to the jury and allow them to determine what
weight ought to be attached to them. That is
the principle upon which the question is put.
"It is qualified by the words ''shortly before."
Suppose it were within two or three days, and
theactdoneonthepariofthe coconspirator was
an act tending to bxing about the result sought
to be accomplished by that which was after-
ward mutually agreed upon between them ; is
there any one here to doubt that it is evidence
tending to show that beyond the facts, so far as
they have been traced, some understanding,
some arrangement was entered into, and, if
you please, a voluntary one, on the part of the
man who afterward became by solemn agree-
ment a party to the conspiracy—a voluntary act
committed on his part in order to commend
him to the chief in the conspiracy itself. The
general rule as stated in the book, would admit,
I am satisfied, of that latitude of construction.
I read from lloscoe's Criminal Evidence, p. 88:
"The evidence in conspiracy is wider than, per-
haps, in any other case, other principles as well as
that under discussion tending to givo greater latitude
in proving this offense. Taken by themselves the
acts of a conspiracy are rarely of an unequivocally
Kuilty character, and they oan only bo properly esti-
mated when connected with all the surrounding cir-
cumstances.
"Not only, ns in the cases before mentioned, may
the acts and declarations of the piisonei himself on
ioriner occasions bo admitted when referable to the
point in issue, but also the acts and declarations of
other persons"-—
Meaning, of course, on former occasions,
supplying the ellipsis—
"with whom helms conspired, may, if referable to
the issue, be given in evidence against him."
That is the general rule ; and yet I admit if
it were so framed as not in probability to con
ncct itself with the transaction, it ought not to
be received; but the question is so restricted—
and we do not stand here to claim it unless it
falls out on the evidence that it is nearly con-
nected in point of time with the operations of
these parties—and the testimony itself man-
ifestly, as is explained by the Manager on the
part of the House who has put the question,
indicates a desire and purpose on the part of
Thomas to make his arrangements with the
employes of the War Department.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. _ The Chief Justice
is of opinion that no sufficient foundation has
been laid for the introduction of this testi-
mony. He will submit the question to the Sen-
ate with great pleasure, if any Senator desires
it. The question is ruled to be inadmissible.
Sir. HOWARD. Mr. President 
Mr. Manager BUTLKR. I respectfully 
The CHIEF J USTICE. The Senator from
Michigan. Does the Senator desire the ques-
tion to be taken by the Senate?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, Mr. President.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I was about rising
to ask the Senate if they would not relax the
rule, and when the Managers on the part of
the House of Representatives and of the peo-
ple have a question which they deem of con-
sequence to their case allow that to be put to
the Senate upon the motion of the House of
Eepresentatives.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary
will read the question.
The Secretary read as follows:
Question. Shortly before this conversation about
which you have testified, and after the President re-
stored Major General Thomas to the office of Adju-
tant General, if you know the fact that ho was so
restored, wore you present in the War .Department,
and did you hear Thomas make any statements to
the officers and clerks, or either of them, belonging
to the War Office, as to tho rules and orders of Mr.
Stanton or of the office which he. Thomas, would
revoke, relax, or rescind in favor of sucli officers and
employes when he had control of the affairs therein?
If so, state as near as you can when it was such con-
versation occurred, and state all he said as nearly aa
you can.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question is,
Shall the question proposed by Mr. Manager
Butler be put to the witness ?
Mr. HOWARD. On that question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 28, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron.CattolI.Chand-
1 er, Cole, Conkling, Conness, Corbett, Oragin, .Droke,
Henderson, Howard, Howe, Morgan, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Nye, Patterson ol New Hampshire,
Pomeroy, Ramsey, Ross, Sprague.Stewart, Sumner,
Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, and Wilson—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Buckalew, Davis, Dixon,
Doolittle, Edmunds, Ferry, Eessondcn, Fowler, Fre-
linghuysen, Grimes, Hendricks, Johnson, MeCiecry,
Morrill of Maine. Norton. Patterson of Tennessee,
Sherman, Van Winkle, Vickers, Willey, and Wil-
liams—22.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Harlan, Saulsbury, Wade,
and Yates—f.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. On this question
the yeas are 28 and the nays 22. So the Sen-
ate decides that the question shall be put to
the witness.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. With the leave of
the President, I will put this question by por-
tions. [To the witness.] Shortly before the
conversation about which you have testified,
and after the President restored Major General
Thomas to the office of Adjutant General, if
you know the fact that he was so restored,
were you present in the War Department?
Answer. Yes, sir; I was.
By the Chief Justice:
Question. Did you know the fact that he
was so restored?
Answer. He told me so. He was acting in
the office.
By Mr. Manager Butler :
Question. Did you hear Thomas make any
statement to the officers and clerks, or either
of them, belonging to the War Office, as to
the rules and orders of Mr. Stanton, or of the
office, which he, Thomas, would revoke, re-
lax, or rescind in favor of such officers and
employ6s when he had control therein? If
so, state when this conversation was as near
as you can.
Answer. Soon after General Thomas was
restored to his position as Adjutant General I
had occasion to go to his ofliee to transact
some business with him ; and after transacting
the business I invited him to take a short walk
with me. The general remarked that lie had
made an arrangement——
Mr. EVARTS. Mr. Butler, your question
was "when?"
Mr. Manager BUTLER, (to the witness.)
When was this?
Ansioer. Soon after General Thomas's res-
toration to office as Adjutant General.
Question. How long before the time when
he was appointed Secretary of War?
Answer. I should think not more than a
week or ten days. I have no definite means
of knowing now.
Question. Go on.
Answer. He remarked to me 
Mr. EVAIiTS. Wait a moment, Mr. Wit-
ness. I understood your question, Mr. Butler,
allowed by the Senate, to refer to statements
made by General Thomas at the War Office, as
