THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
heard by this witness, to clerks there of the
Department. The witness is now proceeding
to state what took place in a walk between
him and General Thomas.
The Witness. No, sir ; we had not taken
the walk. I am not in the habit of testifying
before courts, and you will pardon me for a
little latitude.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. He had not said
that they took the walk.
Mr. EVARTS. This, I understand, is only
inducement, Mr. Butler.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. The inducement
to the conversation.
The Witness. The General remarked to
me that he had made an arrangement to have
all of the heads or officers in charge of the dif-
ferent departments of the office come in with
their clerks that morning, and he wanted to
addiess them. He stated that the rules which
had been adopted for the government of the
clerks by his predecessor were of a very arbi-
trary character, and he proposed to relax them.
I suggested to him that perhaps I had better
go. Said he, " No; not at all; remain;" and
I sat down, and he had some three or four offi-
cers—four or five perhaps—come in, and
each one brought in a room-full of clerks, and
he made an address to each company as they
came in. stating to them that he did not pro-
pose to hold them strictly to the letter of the
instructions ; but when they wauted to go out
they could go out, and when they wanted to
come in they could come in; that he regarded
them all as gentlemen, and supposed they
would do their duty, and he should require
them to do their duty; but so far as their little
indulgences were concerned —I suppose such
as going out across the street or something of
that kind—he did not propose to interfere with
them ; all he expected was that they would do
their duty. I waited until he concluded, and
we took the walk, and I came away. I re-
marked to the General he would make a very
fine politician.
Question. Did he say anything as to the
character of the orders that existed before?
Answer. lie said that they were very harsh
and arbitrary—nothing more than that, that I
know of—and he proposed to relax them.
Question. You have told us that you had
known General Thomas for some time. Had
ho been off duty as Adjutant General of the
Army for sometime before this?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. How long?
Answer. I am not able to tell you ; some
two or three years, I should think.
Mr. STANBERY. Mr. Chief Justice, we
object to this mode of proving orders for re-
moval.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I will not press it
a hair. I will get the order.
Mr. STANBERY. Especially do we object
when it is said to disgrace an officer. We would
rather see the proof than hear the assertion.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Does the gentle-
man, when he makes the gesture accompanying
those words mean my assertion, for lam going
to prove it upon the oath of a witness.
Mr. STANBEItY. Is the gentleman speak-
ing to me? What was the question?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Whetheryou mean
mv assertion or the assertion of the witness?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. This controversy
does not appear to have any proper relation to
the case 011 trial.
Mr. Manager BUTLER, (to the witness.)
Had he been away from the city, and not in the
Adjutant General's office for a considerable
period of time?
Answer. Yes. sir; he had been sent South.
Mr. STANBERY. That will not do.
Mr. Manager BUTLER, (to the witness.)
How lately had he returned to the office when
he made this speech?
Answer. I am notable to say; but a very
few days.
Question. Since you had the conversation
about breaking down the doors of the \V ar
Office by force have you seen GeneralThomas?
Answer. Yes, sir; I have.
Question. W ere you called upon by the Man-
agers to give your testimony in their room ?
Answer. I was.
Question. Did you do so ?
Answer. I did.
Question. Was it taken down in short-hand ?
Answer. I am not able to say how it was
taken down. I did not see it.
Question. After it was taken down after you
gave it was General Thomas called in ?
Answer. He told me he was to be called in.
I did not see him go in. I saw him on the floor
of the House, and he told me he had been sum-
moned, and was going up as soon as some one
came for him.
Question. Did you see him after he had been
up'!
Answer. I did.
Question. What did he tell you as to your
testimony ?
Mr. EVARTS. That we object to.
The CHIEF JUSTICE, (to the Managers.)
The honorable Managers will reduce the
question to writing.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I have heard the
objection. I propose to show, if I am allowed,
that Mr. Burleigh's testimony before the Man-
agers, which I propose to put in his hand and
identify in a moment, was read to General
Thomas, containing exactly what he has testi-
fied here, and General Thomas said it was all
true and never informed Mr. Burleigh that it
was not true. I do this by way of settling the
question that there can be no mistake about
it 
Mr. STANBERY. For what purpose ?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Manager will
reduce his question to writing, it being ob-
jected to.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Well, I will not
press it to take time by an argument. [To the
witness.] Have you had any conversation since
with him as to this conversation about which
you have testified?
Answer. I have.
Question. What has he said about it?
Mr. STANBERY, Mr. EVARTS, and Mr.
CURTIS. That we object to.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I propose to put
in subsequent declarations confirming exactly
the declarations which have been allowed to bfe
put in. I suppose I can put in the same dec-
larations twice.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question will
be reduced to writing if objected to.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I will ask a single
question before that, so as to fix thedate. [To
the witness.] When did you see him as near
as you can recollect?
Answer. I have seen him nearly every day
since then.
Question. At any time did you have any
conversation with him about this conversation
as to which you have testified?
Answer. 1 have had.
Mr. EVARTS. You mean the conversa-
tion with the clerks?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. No, sir; I mean
the conversation about breaking down the
doors of the War Ollice by force.
The Witness. I have, sir.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Do you still ob-
ject, gentlemen ?
Mr. STANBERY'. Let us see your question.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I will put the
question. The question is, at the time when
you have seen him since has he restated to
you any portion or all of that conversation
about breaking down the doors of the War
Office? , ,
Mr. EVARTS. That we object to as lead-
ing, among other things.
Mr. STANBERY. It is clearly a leading
question. . .
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I will put jt m
this form: Since the first conversation has he
restated any portion of that conversation; and,
if so, what portion ?
Mr. STANBERY. We object to that as
leading.
Mr. EVARTS. We object, if the court
please, that the question should be what sub-
sequent conversations he has had, if they are
to be given in evidence.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Very well; to save
all objection, then, I will ask this question:
What did he state to you, if anything, as to the
conversation which he had previously had with
you about breaking down the War Office?
Mr. EVARTS. That we object to. Ask
what conversations the witness has had with
him since, if you wish to give thein in evi-
dence.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I am content with
that, if that is not objected to. [To the wit-
ness.] What conversations have you had with
him 011 that subject since?
Mr. EVARTS. That we objcct to as not
admissible evidence.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Timeo Danaos et
dona fei-entes. I shall not alter my question
again.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question, being
objected to, will be reduced to writing.
Mr. Manager Butlkh reduced his ques-
iion to writing, and read it, as follows :
Question. Have you had any conversation
since the first one and since his appointment
as Secretary of War ad interim with Thomas
when he said anything about using force in
getting into the War Office or in any way or
manner reasserting his former conversation,
and, if so, state what he said?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Do the counsel
object to that question ?
Mr. EVARTS. We object to the question,
if the court please.
The CHIEF J USTICE. Do you desire to
be heard in support of the objection?
Mr. EVARTS. Very briefly. The acts of
the President and the acts of General Thomas,
in pursuance of any authority from the Presi-
dent or otherwise, have been given in evidence.
That testimony is very limited. What occurred
between General Thomas and Mr. Stanton at
the War Office is the only measure and extent
of evidence bearing upon the actual conduct
either of the President, through his agent, or
of the agent. It was allowed to give evidence
of this appointee's declarations as to what he
intended to do, and that evidence has been
given. Now, statements after the action was
complete as to what his intentions were before
cannot be at all material, for intentions not
executed in the subsequent action certainly are
not material. But this is still more objection-
able as being but an alleged repetition, after
the transaction was complete, of wliat his in-
tentions had been before or rather relative to
what he said about what his intentions had been
before. It is enough to prove what his inten-
tions had been before under the latitude which
has been allowed by the court to introduce that
evidence, to wit, the declarations made to this
witness; but General Thomas's statements
afterward as to what previously he, General
Thomas, had stated as to what his intentions
were is not admissible within any rules of
evidence.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Mr. Chief Justice,
I understand the Senate by solemn decision
have decided that Adjutant General 'Thomas,
being Secretary of War ad interim, under the
circumstances, was so far in conspiracy or in
agreement with the President, was so far his
servant or agent, that in the course of the pro-
ceeding in which he was engaged his acts might
be, and his declarations were, evidence. That
decision, of course, covers all acts and all
declarations. We have shown that on the
night of the 21st of February General Thomas
said: "Iain going up to-morrow morning with
axes and force, bills and bows, to go into the
office, break open the door; I am going in by
force; I am going to obey my orders; I am
going to obey the orders of the President; I
am going in with force, and I am going to break
down the doors if they are not opened to me."
Then it is also in evidence that Mr. Thomas
went up the next morning, not at ten o'clock,
but about half past eleven, in a much more
