2132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
her agricultural resources. They speak for
themselves, and require no eulogy from me.
She springs a queen fron^verdartt vales and
Mountains flecked with gold."
I simply ask members to examine carefully
this report before ordering it to be printed, that
this House may not be responsible for sending
to the world statements which are false.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LAFLIN. I now yield five minutes to
the gentleman from Idaho, [Mr. Holbrook.]
Mr. HOLBROOK. Mr. Speaker, I have only
a word to say in regard to this proposition.
The gentleman from Nevada, [Mr. Ashley,]
in his remarks on this subject, seems to sup-
pose that I am opposed to the printing of this
report. Such is not the case. I believe the
country will derive a vast amount of informa-
tion from the report. It will call the attention
of the eastern section of the country to our
mines in the distant West. It will doubtless
be the means to some extent of inducing capi-
talists to make investments in that country,
which we at the present time very much need.'
.But, sir, I cannot allow that report to go
unchallenged and uncontradicted, so far as its
statements concern the Territory of Idaho. I
do not mean to censure Mr. Browne for the
report which he has made. Considering the
comparatively small amount of the appropria-
tion made by Congress for the purpose of carry-
ing out this examination, it was impossible for
Mr. Browne to go there and devote to the work
the time necessary to enable him to make an
accurate and truthful report. No man star-
ing from New York and crossing this conti-
nent, passing over hundreds of thousands of
square miles of mineral territory, and spending
there a period of only about sixty days, could un-
dertake to make a full and accurate report in
regard to the mineral resources of that country.
A great portion of that report, however, I
can heartily indorse, believing it to contain in-
formation valuable to the country; and I rose
only for the purpose of correcting the impres-
sion which might have been created by the
remarks of the gentleman from Nevada, that
I oppose the printing of the report. My object
was not to advertise the mines of Idaho.
Mr. LAFLIN. I now yield five minutes to
the gentleman from the San Francisco district.
Mr. AXTELL. Mr. Speaker, I do not think
I shall wish to occupy the attention of the
House for five minutes, and rise now simply to
attract attention to the fact of the capability
and capacity of .1. Boss Browne to make this
report. While I presume his personal history
is well known to most of the gentlemen who
have the honor to occupy seats here, yet it
may not be known that he is one of the oldest
and best-informed citizens of the Pacific coast,
arriving there as early as 1849, being engaged
in public affairs, part of the time in the employ
of the Government and at other times in the
employ of private companies. Again, as a
prospector, he has traveled extensively over
that country, more so perhaps than any man
now living. And, sir, 1 call attention to this
fact'for this reason: any man may go from the
Atlantic to the Pacific and travel through Cal-
ifornia, and yet be unable for want of the right
knowledge to make a report on the country,
either as to its agricultural or mining interests.
Mr. CAVANAUGIL Let me ask the gen-
tleman a question. Was Mr. J. Ross Browne
ever either in Montana or Idaho ?
Mr. AXTELL. I cannot answer. I do not
know whether he ever was there or not. I do
not desire any controversy with the gentlemen
who so ably represent those Territories. I wish
the wealth of those Territories was fully un-
derstood by the people of the United States.
The point I wish to call attention to again is
that J. Boss Browne has established such repu-
tation for capacity and accuracy, he has such a
character of mind for obtaining statistics and
other information necessary to enable him to
make such reports, that his reports to-day in
California and elsewhere are, so tar as 1 know,
in greater demand by people who have actively
prospected portions of that country than any
other document issued by Congress on this or
any other subject during this session—I mean
any other report called for by Congress so far
as my constituents are concerned. I receive
^constantly letters and requests desiring me to
send forward copies of the report of J. Ross
Browne on our mineral resources.
The scope and force of the objection of the
gentlemen from the Territories who have
spoken are that this report is in the nature of a
romance; that, as he was a writer of romances
before, he wrote his reports in the same vein.
I understand that his book on Norway gives
descriptions of what he saw. There is no
romance, however, about figures. I have un-
derstood that from my boyhood, and have
had a painful understanding of it. There is no
romance in mathematics. This report is made
up of facts and figures, and it cannot be said
to be a romance because its writer happened to
be an author of romances. And 1 desire it to
be understood that the people of the Pacific
coast are justly proud of J. lioss Browne, not
only as a writer of fiction, but an accurate
writer of facts, and we believe that when he
claims to state what is true he does tell the
truth.
Mr. IIIGBY. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for live or ten minutes.
Mr. LAFLIN. 1 yield to the gentleman for
five minutes.
Mr. IIIGBY. I have not examined the
manuscript of Mr. Browne, but I have given
some examination to the report be made last
year. The delegate from Montana [Mr. C.vv-
AVAt'on] has made a statement which, in his
cooler moments. I think, he will withdraw.
He said the last report was false from its title
page to its conclusion.
Mr. CAVANAUGIL I said only so far as
Montana is concerned.
Mr. HIUBY. 1 did not so understand the
gentleman, but I take his correction.
Mr. Speaker, notwithstanding I have not
examined the manuscript, I am better satisfied
with it possibly than 1 would have been before
the remark of the gentleman from Montana.
Mr. Browne, like other men, is expected to
picture the imaginings of the people with re-
spect to the gold and silver belt. Now, sir, we
have had enough of sueh false things published
to the people of the East., by which millions of
capital have been induced to come from the
East and West seeking investment, purely, sir,
upon these false reports with reference to the
mineral regions in the West and in the interior.
1 have taken some pains since 1 have been
here to try to impart such knowledge on the
subject that people would not be led off by
ialse and delusive ideas upon this subject.
Now, sir, it must be very clear to members
of this House that it is utterly impossible for
one man to go through the whole belt of coun-
try and make these investigations. 1 know in my
own part of the State a gentleman, who proba-
bly possesses as much knowledge as almost
any other man on this subject, who has made
it his business to travel and investigate the sub-
ject for a term of years. Not only that, but
he has got up a work that is very creditable on
account of its fullness and correctness. 1 al-
lude to J ohn S. llittell, of the city of San Fran-
cisco. I do not pretend to say it is in every
respect correct, for it is utterly impossible for
any one man to accumulate information on
this subject which shall be correct in every par-
ticular at this time. I know of regions of
country in California that were condemned as
mining districts fifteen years ago. The gen- J
eral impression was that they were worthless j
for mining purposes. And yet heaps upon |
heaps of gold have been taken out of these i
very belts. And, sir, I should not think it 1
strange if information should be given to the i
country five years hence controverting some i
things which are contained in this book, and j
which are now geneially believed to bo true. I
If Mr. Browne has failed to carry out the im- i
aginary ideas of all men thioughout this min- !
eral belt, I am glad he has been so reserved
and cautious in what he has written.
Some gentlemen seem to be disappointed
because Mr. Browne has not given everything
at full length. But yet there is a great deal
of merit in this report. It is utterly impos-
sible to have investigated the whole. mining
region of Montana, Idaho, Colorado, Washing-
ton, and Arizona in six months, or even a year,
and make a perfect report to Congress. Such
information as it was possible for him to get
I have no doubt he has presented to Congress.
It is meager, I presume. I do not know how
it could be otherwise.
Now, I know Mr. Hittell has traveled sev-
eral months through my portion of the State,
and I know the manner in which he has accu-
mulated his information. If some men that he
had to assist him were dilatory or indolent,
and have in some respects failed to acquire all
the knowledge they might have acquired, it is
nothing strange when we consider the number
of men necessarily employed in furnishing suoh
an amount of information in reference to this
belt of country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LAFLIN. I now demand the previous
question.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
the gentleman has agreed to allow me to make
an amendment reducing the number to five
thousand two hundred.
Mr. LAFLIN. I am not aware of any such
arrangement. [Laughter.] If the previous
question is voted down he can oifcr his amend-
ment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
wish to have any misunderstanding, but I gave
a valid consideration to the gentleman. 1 told
him if he would permit me to offer this amend-
ment I would give him my share of the copies.
[Laughter.]
Mr. LAFLIN. But I told him that was alto-
gether too selfish a consideration to suit me.
[Laughter.] I renew the demand for the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the,opera-
tion thereof the resolutions were adopted.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolutions were adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
committee had examined and found truly en-
rolled a bill (II. R. No. 328) to establish cer-
tain post roads; when the Speaker signed the
same.
GltUATHODSE AND KELLY.
Mr. FARNSWORTH submitted the follow-
ing privileged report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (3. No. 10S) for
the relief of Henry Greathou^o and Samuel Kelly,
having met, alter Tull and free conference have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to their
respective Houses as iollows :
That the Senate agree to the amendment of the
House, with the following amendment, to wit: strike
out the word " five " in the amendment of the House
of Kenresentatives, and in lieu thereof insert the
word "ciidit," and that the House a:rrec to thesame
as amended. J. I?. FARNS WORTH,
T. W. EEltiiY,
JAMES A. JOHNSON,
Managers oil the part of the Home.
P. G. YAN WINKLE,
A. It AA1SEY,
JOHN COXNESS,
Managers on the part of the Senate,
Mr.FARNSWORTIL This claim of Kelly
and Greathouse is for carrying the mails for
one year upon certain routes in the Territories
without any contract. The claim presented by
them was, 1 think, for $25,000. By the Senate
bill the accounting officers of the Post Office
Department were directed to settle with them
and pay them not exceeding §12,000. The
House amended it by limiting the amount to
Sf).000, The Senate disagreed to that amend-
