3156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
proper; that is, United States notes. That
idea undoubtedly has the germ in it of what
I believe to be the correct principle and the
solution-of the whole difficulty. We wish to
return to specie payments at as early a day as
possible, for obvious reasons, which I will not
stop to argue. The reasons address them-
selves to everybody's mind. It is quite ap-
parent that you cannot do that so long as the
national circulation remains as high as it is.
That is out of the question. It therefore
becomes desirable to reduce that circulation
in order to accomplish that object; and that,
was the idea upon which Congress a short
time ago proceeded.
There are men in the community who are
very strict and very close who argue that
$300,000,000 is circulation enough for the
whole country. I do not believe that; but at
the^ time when that limit was fixed for the
national bank notes it is quite obvious it was
as high as we ought to go, for the reason that
it only made apart of the circulation, and was
only to make a part of the circulation. We
had at that time, and were to have, about
$400,000,000 additional of Government cur-
rency ; and it was not desirable that we should
throw the whole system of banking open and
let everybody bank as much as he pleased
without fixing any limit and without adopting
any system by which it could be brought down
to and confined to a reasonable amount. Con-
sequently, it was fixed at about three hun-
dred million dollars. The idea was, or at least
my idea was, that if that system was to remain
permanent the amount must necessarily be
increased in proportionto the increase of busi-
ness of the t^untry from time to time, either
by increasing the limit or by throwing the
whole matter open to anybody that wished to
enter into it, which.I believe might safely be
done under a proper state of things. But that
could not be done then ; that is, it could not
be done without dangerously inflating the cur-
rency, until you adopted a system by which
you look the Government circulation out of
existence; and it could not be done with a
hope of returning to specie payments so long
as you left this Government circulation in
existence at the same time. It was evident it
would not do to leave all that in existence
which prevented our return to specie pay-
ments, and throw the whole matter open for
everybody to have as much circulation as they
chose to risk their capital upon, because there
would be no end to it, and the circulation would
be enormous, and the ielum to specie paj'-
ments would be indefinitely postponed.
Now, sir. what was the system which Con-
gress hinted at, and which, in my judgment,
was a sound one? It was the gradual reduc-
tion of the national circulation down to a point
when the Government could resume specie pay-
ments safely, and to so graduate it, although
its termination and its course were to be per-
fectly evident, as to show those engaged in
banking that they must set their houses in
order and prepare themselves when the Gov-
ernment was prepared also to resume specie
payments, for one must follow the other; not
to do the thing suddenly, which might break
the banks, or expose them to great difficulties,
but to reduce gradually that which had grown
gradually according to the necessities of the
case and the ability of the country, so that you
might finally come to a point where the Gov-
ernment liabilities were so reduced that the
Government could resume, and the banks hav-
ing due notice could also bo prepared to resume
at the same time.
It was for that purpose, with that leading
•idea, although the action taken did notgo so far,
perhaps, as'l would have been willing to go at
that time—that we adopted the rule that we
would, in the first place, fix the amountthat was
to be reduced each year— §4,000,000 a month, I
think it was ; that was considered to be enough,
as much as the country would hear at that time ;
but the idea was that, it was to continue and
be a gradual reduction, so as to gradually but
surely bring the Government back to a condi-
tion where specie payments could be resumed,
and having that time to look forward to that
the banks would also be prepared to meet it
in the same way, and capital would be so ac-
cumulated as to enable the country to do it
safely.
Well, sir, what have we seen at this session?
Forthwith there is an outcry, " You must stop
reduction ; " and not only stop reduction, but
by a vote that was passed here in the Senate,
"You must not intimate that you ever mean to
reduce any more." You will not even say that
the volume of United States notes shall not go
back to the $400,000,000 where it started from,
although wc got it down to $300,000,000.
Those were the notes of the Senate. The two
cries were simultaneous; one was, " Stop the
reduction " with reference to these greenbacks,
the national circulation. Another was, "Re-
duce taxation so as to have no surplus in the
Treasury to reduce with." We were liavinga
presidential election coming off; candidates
were advocating greenbacks ad libitum and
other schemes like it; and the consequence
was that Congress gotfrightened, and we cried,
" Reduce taxes; stop reducing the amount of
the greenbacks; stay just as we are;" and
what is the consequence? Itwaspassed. We
refused to carry out the system, and here we
are in precisely this difficulty at the present day.
If we had carried on our system and contin-
ued our reduction, we should not have been
met with the difficulty that my friend from
New York has stated in his speech to-day; and
that is, it will not do to issue this $20,000,000,
because you inflate the currency, unless you
take in the greenbacks. We should have had
the $-0,000,000 in ; wc should have been in a
condition, and we should have been getting
gradually into a condition in the course of a
year or two honce when we could have resumed
specie payments, if necessary, and when we
could have done the other thing that will then
make itself obvious to the mind of everybody.
You may either fix a much larger point or a
point far'beyond that to which you are now
limited, $300,000,000, or you may, when yon
get back to specie payments and have taken
the national circulation out of the way, just
say to everybody, ''Bank as much as you
please; take out your charter; furnish the cir-
culation." There is no danger in it if the
thing is well secured, because business will
regulate it. No man will bank unless ho can
make money by it. My friend from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Cameron] would not carry on bank-
ing if he did not know he was making some-
thing out of it; nor would anybody else. It
will be regulated by the demands of the coun-
try for ciicnlation, and with specie payments
resumed, and the circulation itself well pro-
tected by a pledge of bonds, or anything else
you may substitute for bonds of equal value
and protect the country entirely, you might
well say to anybody, "Take out yourcharters;
let business regulate the matter."
The difficulty, therefore, Mr. President, in
which we are at this moment comes from this:
I foresaw, everybody foresaw, that the unequal
distribution of the $300,000,000 of bank circu-
lation would make trouble. It had made it
before; and that trouble is constantly increas-
ing as the southern Slates arc coming in and
calling for the use of circulation ; and as other
States which have not had their sufficient share
are increasing in their business, they want more.
It is necessary that they should have it; but you
have closed it out of your power to give them
more for the very reason of your legislation at
this session, that you have stopped reducing
the amount of national circulation, that'you
have not been taking in one side in order to
prepare j-ourself to let out on the other side.
Now, sir, my general idea is that the whole
solution of the problem is very simple. I have
looked at this matter, studied it in my way,
and read the schemes that have been sent to
me and sent to every Senator in favor of this
way, that way, and the other way to return to
specie payments. They have been of all sorts
and sizes and dimensions aud characters ; but
there is not anything in any of them hardly.
There is but one simple mode of proceeding
and that is, take in your national circulation
to a point where you can redeem. If you take
it in to $150,000,000 you can resume specie
payments easily, I take it, because those
$150,000,000 would be held by the banks;
they would not trouble anybody. My friend
on my right [Mr. Catteix] could fix the
amount much better than I could, bat my own
impression is that when you have got it down •
to $150,000,000 you may easily, so far as the
Treasury is concerned, resume specie payments
at that moment.
Mr. HENDERSON. You can do it when
you get it. down to $250,000,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I doubt whether you
could do it at $250,000,000 : but you certainly
could at $150,000,000. The banks in the
mean time could prepare themselves. They
understand when a storm is coming. They
see, when the policy of the Government is
once fixed, what they have got to do. They
understand managing their own affairs ; and,
fixing the time at a reasonable distance ahead
they would unquestionably be ready to start
with the Government in the resumption of
specie payment.
But the fright about taxation, the cry for
diminution of taxation, cutting it down to the
lowest notch^and the cry also against any fur-
ther reduction of the currency, of which we
heard so much, have placed us precisely in the
category where we find ourselves ; and that is,
we cannot meet the demands upon us for in-
creased circulation from different sections of
the country of local character, for the very
reason that we have not put ourselves in a con-
dition to do it without inflating the currency
so much. That is the trouble ; and undoubt-
edly my friend from New York is right when
he says, suppose you do this thing that is pro-
posed and adopt the amendment of my friend
from Vermont, you just take $20,000,000 which
you might appropriate to reducing the interest
account. So you might if you had it; but that
does not relieve us of this difficulty, and that
is, that circulation is wanted in certain por-
tions of the country which have not got any.
That is the matter to be solved. That is the
problem just now before the Senate for its
consideration.
I merely rose to point out the failure in
proper policy which, in my judgment, has led
to this difficulty; but nevertheless, pointing
that out, here we are. Shall we deny to these
sections of the country that which they needso
much, if they do need it; and on that point I
am very much inclined to follow my friends on
the Committee on Finance. When I was a
member of the committee I liked very much to
have people follow me, and therefore I am very
much inclined to be a good soldier myself,
unless I can see very good reasons for not being
so. They think it is absolutely necessary. It
undoubtedly involves a sacrifice to a certain
extent, but that sacrifice it is necessary to make
from the necessity of the case and "from the
course of our own legislation, from our own
want of firmness,from our own want of system
in not adhering to a correct principle when we
had once adopted it, and being frightened by
the cry out of doors with reference to it.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me to make an inquiry of him?
j\Ir. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir. I do not
know that I can give an answer; but I have no
objection to the question.
Mr. COXKLING. The honorable Senator
stated that the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont had in it thd getm of the true idea,
if I caught his expression, proposing to reduce
greenbacks so called in proportion as national
currency was issued. Now, 1 have here, and
have been looking at it. to see if I was right, a
national bank bill upon which I see is piinted
the language of the act making it a legal tender
for everything due from the United States and
to the United States, in substance, except
customs duties, and on the other side of the
account, interest on the public debt. I wish
