4180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
than abroad, though the difference is greater
as to the rate of wages than as to the rate of
interest. I am in favor of a policy which will
confine the sale of these securities to our own
citizens.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Chairman, I believe we
all desire to arrive, if possible, at the same
result, and that is to secure upon our national
loans the lowest possible rate of interest, at
the same time accomplishing the exchange of
the present outstanding bonds for those which
we propose to issue. I am in favor of the
principle of this bill, although I propose to
offer two or three amendments. My theory is
that no man will exchange a five-twenty bond,
on which he is receiving six per cent, interest
in gold, payable semi-annually, for a three per
cent, bond or a four per cent, bond, unless
there be some inducement, offered for the ex-
change. While it is left doubtful as to what
the body of the bond calls for, there will be
no reason why the exchange should be made.
How, under such circumstances, can we ex-
pect to induce an exchange? 1 believe that
the only method of reaching this result is by
providing a rate of taxation on all the out-
standing bonds of the United States, that tax
to be collectable from the interest when the
payment is made; so that there may be an
inducement to the bondholder to exchange
such bonds for those not taxable, though pay-
ing a lower rate of interest. I think that is
the only way we can arrive at it. I will illus-
trate this by my own case. I hold United
States bonds. It is true they are but few. They
are five-twenty bonds. 1 am satisfied with
those bonds. I will not exchange the bonds
I have for your funded bonds with forty years
to run at three and sixty-five hundredths ; and.
sir, the only way you will get me to exchange
what few bonds I have for bonds bearing a
lower rate of interest will bo to tax them, and
then," fearing other taxation, I will be willing
to take new bonds free from taxation. In this
way we can arrive at- an exchange of the bonds,
and in no other way.
I am in favor of this rate of interest, three
and sixty-five hundredths, one cent a day upon
the hundred dollars. 1 think it is enough.
In Massachusetts, a State smaller than many
others, and certainly with less ability to pay
than this great Government, borrows money
from Europe to-day, and I believe she only pays
three and a half per cent. I am told that I
am mistaken. I had my information from a
Massachusetts gentleman. If I am not cor-
rect, I withdraw it as a matter of course. But,
sir, I do know that we are paying a higher
rate of interest than any other country, and
higher than some of the Stales pay. I say
there is no reason why this Government,
with great resources, expanding in populalion
every day, traversed by railroads, inviting in-
vestments from all the nations of the earth—
there is no reason, sir, why the rate of inter-
est should not be as low here as in any other
country. In a country like this, with unsur-
passed capacity for enterprise, for growth, for
development in every way, shape, and form,
with an invitation to all people to come and set-
tle among us, with an unprecedented march in
civilization, with the bright prospect before us,
I do not see any reason why we should be called
upon to pay a higher rate of interest than any
other country. Let us do for the people what
they desire.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on Mr. Boutweli.'s
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. PILE. I move to strike out '■ forty"
and insert "sixty." I understand the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means will
not object to this amendment.
I am asked why I do not make it " fifty."
I think it is best at '' sixty."
Mr. Chairman, the homely adage that "it
takes two to make a bargain '' is at the bottom
of the whole process of funding the public debt
or the principle of this bill. 'J. hose who hold
securities bearing six per cent, interest will
not be willing to take for them securities bear-
ing only three and sixty-five hundredths unless
the latter liavo some peculiar advantage which
the others do not have. Increase the length
of the bonds, increase the time the securities
have to run, and you will, I think offer great
inducements to those who hold our securities
to exchange them. Therefore I move to make
the term sixty years instead of forty.
I entertain, sir, the same fear as the gentle-
man from Massachusetts. I am certain that
throughout the whole West for long years to
come there will not be money to loan at three
and a half per cent. There are too many
broad acres to be tilled ; too many resources
to be developed; too many railroads, to be
constructed; too many cities to bo built for
money to be loaned at three and a half per
cent. The effect of this, then, will be to drive
these securities abroad to the largo cities of
Europe. We will have then to send out of
the country to pay the interest on our bonds.
Exportation will be stimulated and we will get
up a system which has prevailed to a great
extent in this country, of sending more money
out of the country than was brought into it.
The balance of trade will be, as it has been,
against us. I hope, however, for the purpose
of funding the debt the time will be increased
to sixty years.
Mr. S01IENCK. If the change of the term
of these bonds from forty to sixty years will
be likely to accomplish the object indicated by
the gentlemen I do not know that it ought to
be objected to. But the Committee of Ways
and Means have considered the whole subject
and decided upon forty years.
I wish to say a few words in continuation of
what 1 was saying when I was up before in
relation to the general principle uppn which this
proposition is based. 1 agree entirely with my
colleague in regard to the importance ofa nation
establishing for itself a credit; and I agree
with him and all otherswho stand by the maxim
that it is confidence which begets credit and
then credit which gets money. I am also of
opinion that it is not necessary to pay off our
public debt in order to get back to specie pay-
ment, nor to any other easier or more agree-
able condition of things in this country, by
simply changing the foims of our securities or
by any acts of legislation such as we are
pressing from time to time connected with that
subject, except as these may strengthen and
support the great proposition that our debt is
to be paid by working it out, paid by the pro-
ductions of the country, paid by what we do,
by what we earn.
All this, however, is apart from the propriety
of adopting a system such as we now present
for the consolidation of the public securities;
for this is a consolidation scheme. We pro-
pose that all the outstanding obligations shall
be converted into another form to be evidenced
by these bonds which we offer to the country
and to the people abroad. I have already said
that 1 believe we can oiler this safely at as low
an interest as is proposed in the bill. I have
already said, in order that the debt may be
thus taken by persons either abroad or at home,
wo ought to pledge ourselves, as this bill pro-
poses to do, to give and guaranty the utmost
security that we can possibly offer. Let that
security, Uit'ii, be within the bounds of reason,
the longest time that the bonds shall run ; for
everybody knows that a,bond which has long
to run and thus takes the form of a permanent
loan which may be used for various purposes
in the future, is of higher value than a short
bond. Let it be distinctly slated, more dis-
tinctly if you choose by amendment than is now
done, that the bonds are to be exempt from all
income or other tax whatever. Let every guar-
antee of this kind be given, and what then?
Why, we shall escape the very difficulties
under which we now labor, and for the exist-
ence of which difficulties gentlemen have
reasoned themselves to the conclusion that we
cannot get money at a low rate of interest.
They say, " Look at your five-twenties payable
in gold; look at your seven-thirties ; look at
your present securities in the market; who is
going to exchange them for a security offering a
lower rate of interest." Well, sir, if the five-
twenties, for instance, were given to the world
with the same express conditions which we
here offer, if they wore issued under a statu-
tory provision that they should under no cir-
cumstances whatever be taxedbyany authority,
under a provision that they could_ not under
any circumstances be redeemed, either prin-
cipal or interest, in anything but gold, and if
they had as long a time to run as these bonds
have, I admit that no one would exchange
them for these bonds at a lower rate of interest.
But the difficulty is the uncertainty, the am-
biguity, which under the law and the different
interpretations given to it, surrounds now that
class of security. Suppose, for instance, when
the five-twenties were issued it had been
explicitly, clearly, and unmistakably declared
in the very terms of the law that not only the
interest but the principal, whenever it became
due, should be paid in coin; suppose ifc had
been in like manner explicitly and unmistak-
ably provided that they should be subject to
no taxation whatever, either by State or
municipal authority, does anybody suppose we
would have had our present difficulty?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PILE. I withdraw the amendment-
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, from_ the
suggestion made by the gentleman from Illinois
I desire to state what, T think may perhaps throw
a little light on the trouble with our bonds.
The Massachusetts bonds to which the gentle-
man alluded are a five per cent, bond, a ster-
ling bond. The principal and interest are paid
in sterling and paid in the city of London. It
is a sterling bond at five per cent., and is three
per cent, above par, while United States bonds
at six per cent, in the same market are twenty-
eight per cent, below par. What is the reason ?
It is not because the London market has any
more faith in Massachusetts than it lias in the
United States, but it is because in the London
market alone will that bond stay. The five-
twenties are in that market, but the slightest
political trouble on that side of the water sends
them all back here, or the slightest commo-
tion here sends them all back. A variation of
a fraction of a per cent, between the price on
the other side of the water and here sends
$10,000,000 of them back here and throws them
upon the market and takes $10,000,000 of gold
back in the next steamer. Under these circum-
stances there can be no health in the currency
or credit of the Government.
But let this Congress authorize a foreign
loan, bonds payable at three and a half and
four per cent, in sterling, the interest payable
in London, or in the currency of Frankfort,
and the interest payable there, and I have no
doubt—indeed, i have assurances which are
almost authoritative—-that those bonds will be
taken in Frankfort in just as many millions as
you will authorize; that it will stay there dur-
ing the whole term of the loan, and the funds
received from it can be brought back here, and
these funds that are subject to all manner of
constructions, to all the fluctuations of political
platforms and to all the fluctuations of trade
between the countries, may be taken up and
we be relieved of all these difficulties.
I never could understand any other reason
except pride that prevented us from authoriz-
ing the creation of a foreign loan on ihese
terms. There is no political commotion on
that side that would send the bonds back here
and draw specie out of the countr}*, and no
political commotion on this side thut would
have that effect. It would be a permanent
loan there and relieved of all tins question of
taxation. It seems to me that ultimately, if
we can come to the conclusion that it is best
to submit to a foreign loan, it will be best to
adopt some such policy.
As to the Massachusetts loan already alluded
to, it is not seen in any market on this side of the
