74
SUPPLEMENT TO
mild and quiet manner than lie had threatened
over night to do.
The, argument will be raised by the counsel
for the President, " This was mere talk of Mr.
Thomas, because if he meant anything by it,
or if the President had so ordered him, if it
was serious really, why did he not the next
morning go up there with force, either with the
Maryland militia, or the Virginia militia, or
some other proper force with which Mr.
Thomas should deal, or with a portion of the
regular Army of the United States?" That
is the argument; and as he did not, these
declarations meant nothing. I want to show
that afterwards Mr. Burleigh asked him,
" General Thomas, I went up there to see the
performance, and it did not come off according
to contract; what is the meaning of this ? you
did not go and break in ; I wanted to see that
goon; I was going to stand by y oij," or words
to that effect: "I went there to give you my
countenance," or something like that; and
thereupon Mr. Thomas said: " Well, the reason
I did not was that I was arrested by the
courts and held to bail, and I could not; I.
concluded it was not best to use force; I did
not dare do it." Is not that perfectly compe-
tent to meet this argument of the counsel, and
to show what prevented the outbreak of a civil
war ; that it was not the President; it was not
his coconspirator; it was not their malignity
nor want of it; it was not their will or want
of it; but it was the fortunate intervention of
the tribunal of justice. That is the point upon
which we propose to put in this question.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the question.
The Secretary read the question, as follows:
Question. Have you had any conversation since the
first ono and since his appointment as Secretary of
"War ad interim—with Thomas—where he lias .said
anything about using force in fretting into tho "War
Office, or in any way or manner reasserting the
former conversation; and if so, state what lie said?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Senators, the Chief
Justice is of opinion that within the spirit of
the decision just made by the Senate, this
question is admissible. Does any Senator
desire that the question shall be submitted
to the Senate ? If not, the question will be
put.
Mr. Manager BUTLER, (to the witness.)
Will you now state? Mr. Burleigh, you say
you have had many conversations. I want to
call your attention to one special conversa-
tion 
Mr. CURTIS. I suppose the question should
be put to him.
Mr. Manager BUTLER, (to the witness.)
Have you had any conversation since the first
one and since his appointment as Secretary
of War ad interim—with Thomas—wherein
he said anything about using force in getting
into the War Office, or in any way or manner
reasserting the former conversation; and if
so, state what he said ?
Answer. Some time in the fore part of last
week I met General Thomas and we wore talk-
ing over this question ; it had become noised
about; and he told me that tho only thing
that prevented his taking possession of the
War Department that morning was his arrest
by the United States marshal, who called on
him at a very unusual hour, I think about the
time he was getting out of bed.
Question. You have stated what he said.
Now say what you stated to him? Give us
the whole conversation as well as you can on
that occasion ?
The Witness. This last occasion?
Mr. EVARTS. That is not within your
question.
Mr. STANBERY. You are now asking
for declarations of Mr. Burleigh.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I am asking for
both parts of the conversation, which I never
yet heard objected to in a court of justice.
Mr. STANBERY. You ask for declara-
tions of this witness.
Mr. Manager BUTLER, (to the witness.)
What yon said to Thomas and he said to you.
part of which you have just given us.
The Witness. I do not now recollect the
precise language which I used to him. It was,
however, in connection with my having gpne up
there, and that the feast to which I was invited
or the performance did not come off; and he
gave me as a reason for it that he was arrested
by the United States marshal and taken down
before Judge Cartters court, otherwise he
should have gone in and taken possession of
the office, as he told mo he would.
Question. When was this last conversation,
as near as you can tell?
Answer. I think it was about the first of
last week.
Cross-examined by Mr. Stanbery :
Question. Referring to the interview you
had with General Thomas in the Adjutant Gen-
eral's office prior to his appointment as Secre-
tary of War, had you business there with him,
as Adjutant General?
Answer. I had business with the Adjutant
General. lean state what it was, if you desire
to know.
Question. No. I do not care about that;
but you went there to see the Adjutant Gen-
eral on business?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. And you say you had heard before
that that General Thomas was restored to his
office ?
Answer. I think I had heard it the day be-
fore, and I think I heard it from himself.
Question. While you were there he sent for
the heads of bureaus and their clerks, did he ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Whom first did he send for?
Answer. I cannot name them now. In fact,
I am not sufficiently familiar with their names
to tell.
Question. Who first came in?
Answer. I am not able to say. General
Williams was present. I do not know but that
he came in first, and I do not know as he did.
Question. Did he make an address to each
head of bureau and his clerks or did he talk to
them all together?
Answer. Each one.
Question. In succession ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. How many addresses, then, did
he make to separate assemblies?
Answer. I think he made four or five. I did
not count them, and it was a matter that did
not impress itself on my mind very much.
Question. Did he make the same address to
all of them?
Answer. Very nearly the same.
Question. Now, please to state what his
address was to each of them that he made on
that occasion ?
Answer. I can only give it to you in a very
vague manner. It was a matter that did not
concern me very much. It was to state to
them that he had come back and assumed the
duties of the office; that he was glad to see
them ; that he proposed to relax somewhat the
arbitrary rules; perhaps he did not denominate
them arbitrary rules ; he had to me before that;
that he did not wish to hold them up to so strict
accountability in being there precisely at nine
o'clock, and in not leaving without a written
leave as he said had been the case before. He
stated to them that he should expect them to
discharge their dutj', and if they did that it
was all lie cared about.
Question. When he said he had returned to
his office what office did you understand him
as returning to ?
Answer. Adjutant General.
Question. When he gave these orders to
these heads of bureaus and their clerks did you
understand him to be giving orders as Adju-
tant General?
Answer. I did not understand him to be
giving orders at all, but it was a mer? address.
Question. Was he delivering an address then
as Adjutant General?
Answer. Certainly.
Question. In reference to how he expected
to carry on that office?
Answer. What he expected of them.
Question. You do not mean that he sent for
all the employes in the War Department, do
you?
Answer. I think he told me that he directed
the head of every department connected with
the Adjutant General's office to come.
Question. But not those connected with the
other offices—those of the Commissary Gen-
eral, the Quartermaster General, &c.
Answer. No; only those that were under
him.
Question. When these heads of bureau re-
ceived these orders, did they object that he
had no right to give them such orders, or did
they thank him for them?
Answer. I heard no objection. They con-
gratulated him, a great many of them.
Question. Was anything said about his giving
them any other orders, or giving them to any
other than his own officers, those under him
as Adj utant Gen eral ?
Answer. I did notunderstand it in any other
way.
Question. Then did youhear or see anything
improper at that time, and if you did let us
know what it was ?
Answer. I do not know that I am the judge
of what is proper or not proper in the Adju-
tant General's office. Nothing occurred that
was very offensive to me.
Question. Did anything occur that was at all
offensive?
Answer. No, sir.
Samuel Wilkeson sworn and examined.
By Mr. Manager Butler :
Question. Do you know Lorenzo Thomas,
Adjutant General of the United States Army ?
Answer. I do. •
Question. How long have you known him ?
Answer. Between six and seven years.
Question. Have you had any conversation
with him relative to the change in the War
Department? If so, state as near as you can
when it was and what it was in relation to that
change.
Answer. I had a conversation with liim re-
specting that change on the 21st day of Feb-
ruary.
Question. What time in the day ?
Answer. Between one and two o' clock in the
afternoon.
Question. Where?
Answer. At the War Department, in his
office.
Question. State what took place at that in-
terview ?
Mr. EVARTS. Do you propose this as cov-
ered by the former ruling?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Entirely so, after
he had his order.
The Witness. I asked him to tell me what
had occurred that morning between him and
the Secretary of War in his endeavor to take
possession of the War Department. He hesi-
tated to do so till I told him that the town was
filled with rumors of the change that had been
made, of the removal of Mr. Stanton and the
appointment of himself. He then said that
since the affair had become public he felt re-
lieved to speak to me with freedom about it.
He drew from his pocket a copy, or rather the
original, of the order of tlie President of the
United States, directing him to take possession
of the War Department immediately. He told
me that he had taken as a witness of his action
General Williams, and had gone up into tho
War Department and had shown to Edwin M.
Stanton the order of the President, and had
demanded by virtue of that order the posses-
sion of the War Department and its books and
papers. He' told me that Edwin M. Stanton,
after reading the order, had asked him if he
would allow to him sufficient time for him to
gather together his books, papers, and other
personal property and take them away with
him; that he told him that he would allow
to him all necessary time to do so, and had
then withdrawn from Mr. Stanton's room.
!l He further told me, that day being Friday,
