1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
si m
now to inquire of the Senator whether, if we
could exchange the whole greenback circula-
tion, $-145,0011,000, or whatever it may be, for
national bank circulation, so as to annihilate
the one and substitute the other, we should
thereby be any nearer specie payments than
we are now, unless we were to violate the faith
of the Government establishing the national
banks; and whether, aside from there being
the same volume of paper out, answering the
same purpose, we should not simply be increas-
ing our interest account for the whole amount?
In other words, if he will be kind enough to
explain how it is that the germ of the true
idea appears in this amendment, that by put-
ting out national bank bills as fast as we retire
greenbacks we are thereby approximating
specie payments ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I had explained it.
There is a very great difference between the
two. I want to get rid of this whole system of
legal-tender notes. When you have taken them
up, they are out of the way and no longer a
legal tender, and a circulation replaces them
which is not a legal tender to the same extent;
at any rate which is of an entirely different char-
acter, protected in the way that it is by law.
You substitute one for another. The Senator
asks me how you can do that without increas-
ing your interest account. You cannot if you
borrow money to pay it; but if you will put
your taxation at a rate that will give a surplus,
there is no difficulty about it, because you have
a surplus raised, and that is the only way you
can do it.
The difficulty in this whole matter, in my
judgment, is that financial men and specula-
tors of all sorts, and even members of Con-
gress, have been trying to find some way of
getting rid of our difficulties besides paying our
debts. There is no other way. We have got
to pay them some how or other, and we can
■only pay them by raising money, and by rais-
ing money by taxation. 1 agree that I do not
want the taxation to be enormous, and I do
not want it done this year, or nextyear, orany
particular year or number of years that yousug-
gest; but be in the way of doing it, pay some-
thing each year, reduce your taxes to such a
point as will meet the expenses of the Govern-
ment and give you some surplus to apply to
the payment of your debts. That is the only
way ; and the firstap plication that I would make
of that surplus would be to redeem this legal-
tender currency so called. It is a nuisance, as
I think all that currency issued by the Govern-
ment is, so long as it prevents the Government
from being able to pay every demand upon it
in specie. That is the simple idea I have;
and therefore I say I would substitute one for
the other, for the reason that when you have
got the demands upon the Government which
are payable in specie out of the way to an
amount that they can meet, then you get back
to specie payments as a matter of course ;
there is no trouble about that, and the banks
come with you if they manage their affairs
rightly.
The honorable Senator from Ohio suggested
one other idea, which I agree with in part, but
not in the whole. He says the people outside
have settled this question in making these
demands, and we must echo their sentiments
with regard to them. So we must so far as
tlieir sentiments are just and right; but you
cannot tell how the people are upon these
questions. A portion of them are one way;
a portion of them another way; and a portion
of them another way. The difficulty is, that
each gentleman supposes that those he repre-
sents constitute the people, or the majority of
them. They do not constitute the people; that
is, the whole people. W e must make a system
for the country, and I believe there is no way
in winch we can satisfy the claims of the people
upon us so well as -by ourselves devising a
proper remedy for these evils, even although
at the time it may seem disagreeable to them,
and following it strictly and straightly. It they
do not like it at first, they will like it when it
works well. _ If rightly devised it will work
well. That is our duty; and I say again, we
were upon the right track, in my judgment.
we could, consistently with the interests of the
country, to what would be a correct normal
condition of things, and that is what we ought
to have continued to do, instead of being
frightened out of it, in my judgment. Still, 1
know so little about these matters that I do not
speak with any degree of confidence; and yet
that is my idea, and for so much' as it is worth
I give it to the Senate.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, we are told
that this is simply $20,000,000 that Senators
propose to inflate the currency with, and that
it is demanded by the necessity of equalizing
the circulation and giving to certain western
and southern States and Territories circulation
which they need. I realize that necessity as
strongly as anybody; but t do not agree with
the Senator from Ohio that the responsibility
of the great inequality that now exists is to be
thrown upon the Comptroller of the Currency.
Prom my reading of the law, the responsibility
is with Congress, and not with the Comptroller
of the Currency.
Mr. President, this bill is not simply a meas-
ure to increase the circulation $20,000,000;
but it is the beginning of the future financial
policy of this country. If passed, it is to be
the entering wedge and the beginning of what
will be the future financial policy of our coun-
try. If we give $20,000,000 for the purpose
of equalizing circulation, we recognize the
necessity and the importance of that; but can
we stop there? Twenty million dollars will not
begin to equalize it. Everybody knows that. I
heard a Senator say on Friday that it \vould take
over one hundred million dollars to do it; and
what would $20,000,000 be to the States and
Territories that are spoken of in the way of
equalizing the currency? It will be but the
beginning, and at the next session you must
go on and on, until you do reach that equal-
ity of which we hear so much. Then, sir, it
will not be simply the question of putting
$20,000,000 additional currency in circulation,
but it will be the question of putting$100,000,-
000, or more than that, in circulation, sooner
or later, for this very purpose.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Siiermax] is
ior inflating the currency directly $20,000,000.
The Senator Irom Vermont [Mr. Mohuill] is
for taking up an equal amount of United States
notes and canceling them, so as to keep the
volume of the currency the same that it is now.
There are difficulties either way. In the first
place, if we take up an equal amount of
United States notes, as I argued the other day,
it must be done in one of two ways: either by
taking the money that is paid into the Treasury
in the way of revenue, getting your §20,000,000
of legal-tender notes in that way, or by selling
bonds to that amount and getting them in that
way, as the Secretary of the Treasury hereto-
fore contracted. I take it for granted that the
Senate is opposed to the increase of the bonded
interest-bearing debt; that it is opposed to
converting a debt that pays no interest into a
debt that pays nine or ten per cent, interest in
currency. I shall therefore dismiss, as not
a thing likely to be done, the idea that we are
to go to work, as seems to be argued by the
Senator from Maine, and convert this non-
interest-bearing debt into an interest-bearing
debt. Then if wo will not do that 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I beg the Senator's
pardon; I advocated no such thing. Still, I
do not know but that it might be wise in a cer-
tain ease. My idea is to pay it off. I said we
ought to pay off this non-interest-bearing debt,
but we ought to pay it off out of moneys taken
from the Treasury, raised by taxation. We
ought not to increase our debt to do it; but
still, as the Senator suggests that idea, 1 will
say to him that it is very questionable in my
mind whether we should not benefit the peo-
ple by borrowing money to take it up; whether
they would not save more than they would lose
in that way if we can get to speeie payments
by it.
Mr. MORTON". Then the Senator's prop-
osition is this: that the people of the country
shall be taxed in the course of the next few
years to the amount of between three and four
hundred million dollars, the money to be drawn
directly from the pockets of the people, and at
a time when they ought not to be paying off any
portion of the national debt for the purpose of
paying off tho non-interest-bearing part*of our
debt and leaving the bonded debt just what it is.
That is the Senator's proposition roundly.
On the other hand, the Senator irom Ohio
seems to be in favor of inflation. He thinks
we could bear a much larger amount of cur-
rency than we now have, and even then not
get back to what we had a few years ago. I
had hoped tha^the Senate had got past the time
when it was necessary to argue the evils of the
inflation of the currency—the general increase
of speculation; the general diminution of pro-
ductive industry and the resort to speculation
instead. Does not every man know that the
result of an inflation of the currency is to in-
crease the price of everything that is bought
and sold, first beginning with the price of per-
sonal property, then touching real estate, and
then, perhaps, coming to labor?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It begins with labor.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator says it begins
with labor. I submit that it is the experience
of the world that the price of labor is the last
thing that is inflated.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator does not
understand me. I mean to say that labor is
the first thing to suffer from inflation.
Mr. MORTON. With that understanding I
agree. It is the first thing to suffer from infla-
tion and the last thing to be improved by it.
Sir, as soon as inflation takes place speculation
begins; and what is the effect of it? Every-
thing acquires two prices, the real price and
the speculative price.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it will not interrupt my
friend and make him cross his path, I should
like to ask him a question. If inflation has
such terrible evils, why does he not adopt the
doctrine of the Senator from Maine and resume
specie payments in. that way ?
Mr. MORTON. I do not cross my path. I
think the Senator crosses his path, as I can
very clearly show him. It is not a question
whether you shall go oneway or the other, but
it is a question of stability. Every interest in.
this country demands stability and demands
that we shall avoid fluctuation.
As I was remarking, Mr. President, when
inflation begins property acquires two prices:
the real, actual, demand price, and the specu-
lative price. Men can put property into ware-
houses and hold it for a rise of prices, and
thus, as we saw during the war and during this'
great inflation, the price of goods goes up fifty,
one hundred and fifty, two hundred, and three
hundred per cent., because of this speculative
price brought about by the great abundance of
money. But how is it with labor? You can-
not put labor into a warehouse and hold it for
future demand or speculation. The demand
for labor is immediate, as labor is needed;
and therefore, when inflation takes place, labor
is the last thing to be inflated and the first thing
to feel the evils of it. Mr. President, we have
already suffered the evils of inflation. We
have had one great inflation, and we have got
part of the way down. It has cost the Amer-
ican people dearly in coming down. The down
grade is marked at every step by bankruptcies
and ruin in every part of this country. Would
the Senator from Ohio have us make the ascent
again, that we may have again the rumpus
descent? I trust not.
If this system of increasing the national bank
currency shall be adopted the country will not
resort to inflation, but it will probably resort
to the other system of taking up and canceling
the United States notes.
Now, Mr. President, the most important
