1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1109
the courts; that he remained until very recently of
that opinion, and thdfc on the Saturday before the
Cabinet meeting a conversation was held between
yourself and him in which the subject was generally
discussed.
General Grant's statement was, that in that con-
versation he had stated to you the legal difficulties
which might arise, involving fine and imprisonment
under the civil tenure bill, and that he did not care
to subject himself to those penalties; that you replied
to tbis remark, that you regarded the civil tenure
bill as unconstitutional, and did not think its penal-
ties were to be feared, o'r that you would voluntarily
assume them; and you insisted that General Grant
should either retain the office until relieved by your-
self according to what you claimed was the original
understanding between yourself and him, or, by sea-
sonable notice of change of purpose oil his part, put
you in the same situation which you would be if he
adhered. You claimed that Geuexal Grant finally
said in that Saturday's conversation that you under-
stood his views, and his proceedings thereafter would
be consistent with what had been so understood.
General Grant did not controvert nor can I say that
he admitted this last statement. Certainly General
Grant did not at any time in the Cabinet meeting
insist that he had in the Saturday's conversation
either distinctly or finally advised you of his determ-
ination to retire from the charge of the War Depart-
ment otherwise than under your own subsequent
direction. lie acquicsced in your statcmcntthatthe
Saturday's conversation ended with an expectation
that there would be a subsequent conference on the
subject, which he, as well as yourself, supposed could
seasonably take place on Monday.
Youthen alluded to the fact that General Grant
did not call upon you on Monday, as you had ex-
pected from that conversation. General Grant ad-
mitted that it was his expectation or purpose to call
upon you on Monday. General Grant assigned rea-
sons tor the omission. He said he was in conference
with General Sherman; that there were many little
matters to be attended to. He had conversed upon
the matter ot the incumbency of the WarDepartment
with General Sherman, and he expected that General
Sherman would call upon you on Monday. My own
mind suggested a further explanation, but I do not
remember whether it was mentioned or not—namely,
that it was not supposed by General Grant on Mon-
day that the Senate would decide the question so
promptly as to anticipate further explanation be-
tween yourself and him if delayed beyond that day.
General Grant made another explanation—that he
was engaged on Sunday with General Sherman, and,
1 think, also on Monday, in regard to the War De-
partment matter, with a hope, though he did not say
in an effort, to procure an amicable settlement of the
affair of Mr. Stanton, and he still hoped that it would
be broughtabout.
X have the honor to be, with great respect, your
obedient servant,
WILLIAM H. SEWARD.
To the Pkesident.
Mr. BIN GHAM. I move that the commu-
nication from the President, together with the
accompanying papers, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BOYER. Let me suggest to the gen-
tleman from Ohio there was an order to print
the previous correspondence.
Mr. BROOKS. I move that it be printed
with the previous correspondence, and that
the same number be printed.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to know whether
there is q.ny more of the correspondence ? Is
there not a response from General Grant?
The SPEAKER. There is not.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask the purport of the res-
olution under which this eanje here? Was it a
call upon the President or upon the Secretary
of War?
Mr. BROOKS. It ineladed all correspond-
ence.
Mr. LOGAN. I state there is an answer to
this correspondence from General Grant which
has not been furnished to us.
Mr. BROOKS. If there is an answer I
hope all will be printed together in one. vol-
ume. I have no doubt the moment General
Grant's reply is received and examined by the
President it will be forthwith sent to this
House.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask that further action be
suspended until the response of General Grant
comes here.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope that will not be
done. There is no necessity of suspending
action on this. We want to examine the papers.
I move the reference of the message, with the
accompanying papers, to the Committee on
Reconstruction, and that they be ordered to
be printed.
Mr. BOYER. All printed together.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state the
preceding correspondence has been printed,
but, as the Chair is informed, incorrectly
printed, there being one or two mistakes.
Mr. BINGHAII. I modify my motion so
that all this correspondence shall be printed
together.
The motion, as modified, was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The resolution, as- writ-
ten by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks,] called only for the letter of the Pres-
ident to General Grant.
Mr. LOGAN. So I thought. What I wish
now is to call for the response of General Grant
to the letter of the President.
The SPEAKER.. Does the gentleman sub-
mit that resolution?
Mr. LOGAN. I do. I move that the Presi-
dent shall be directed to communicate to this
House General Grant's reply to the letter just
read.
Mr. BROOKS. I second that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
leave oj? absence.
Mr. WARD, by unanimous consent, was
granted ten days' leave of absence.
kentucky contested-election case.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in
order was the Kentucky contested-election case
of Smith vs. Brown.
Mr. DAWES moved that its further consid-
eration be postponed until Thursday next,
after the morning hour.
The motion was agreed to.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the rules be suspended and the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on the special order,
the legislative, &c., appropriation bill; and
pending that motion I move that all debate
upon the paragraph relating to the Court of
Claims be closed in one minute after the com-
mittee resumes the consideration of the same.
The question was taken on the motion to
close debate, and it was agreed to.
The question was then taken oil the motion
to go into the Committee of the Whole, and it
was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the special
order, being the bill (H. R. No. 605) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1869.
The CHAIRMAN stated the pending ques-
tion was on the amendment of Mr. Buoomall,
to add the following:
Provided, That no judgment of said court for any
sum exceeding five thousand dollars shall be paid out
of this appropriation.
Before the question was taken on Mr. Sco-
field's motion to strike out the paragraph,
"for payment of judgments which may be
rendered by the court in favor of claimants,
§100.000,"
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois said: I
hope the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will bo agreed to. It carries
out the recommendations of the committee.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 39, noes 47.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Ho i. man' and
Mr. Broomat.i. were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 55, noes 51.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. Scofield's amendment was then dis-
agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For compensation to the private secretary, assist-
ant secretary, short-hand wiiter, clerk of pardons,
three clcrks of fourth class, steward, and messenger
of the President of the United States, $1S,8U0.
Mr. BUTLER. I move to .strike out "as-
sistant secretary, short-hand writer, clerk of
pardons, three clerks of fourth class,"
The reason I have for moving to strike out
the appropriation for such service is, I do not
believe, from the constitution of the Govern-
ment and the form of doing business, that any
such clerical assistance is neeessary to the
President of the United States. The reason I
have for so believing is, that up to 1861 no
President of the United States ever had it. All
the clerical assistance the President had up to
1801 was a private secretary and a secretary
to sign patents; and the entire amount that was
■ appropriated for all the expenses of the presi-
dential office, including his steward and mes-
senger, was only $6,450. This bill calls for
$23,300. In addition to this clerical assistant
-the President details from three to five Army
officers of the rank of captain to that of col-
onel as aids, and that expense is added.
Now, I trust these assistants will be stricken
out. I do not make the motion because An-
drew Johnson is President of the United States.
I would make it just as soon if any other man
were Chief Magistrate. I do not believe the
executive office is the place to do this business.
The several Departments are the proper places
for the Executive to do it. There needs be no
record in the executive office; there rfeeds be
no short-hand writer there. The President
should have other business, other duties, to
attend to; he does have other duties than under-
taking to do the executive business which
belongs to the Departments. This thing grew
up during the war and was part of the exigency
of the war. We have returned to peace, and I
trust that the presidential office will return to
peace in every sense of that word at a very
early day.
To show how this abuse has grown up you
have only to look over on the next page, where
we arc called upon to appropriate $3,000 for
stationery against $350 in 1861. Therefore I
propose to follow up this striking out of these
clerks and other assistants, so as to leave the
presidential office, so far as regards clerical
assistance, precisely where it was in 1861.
There is no more reason why there should be
other clerical assistants now than there was
then. And when we come to the last line I
shall further move to strike out $18,800 and
insert $4,600, making in the whole a, saving of
more than fifteen thousand dollars.
Mr. PRUYN. Mr. Chairman, I am sur-
prised at what I must term the illiberality of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. But-
ler.] A committee of this House, to whom
this subject has been intrusted, have deliber-
ately come to the conclusion that a provision
of this kind was right and just, and have re-
ported it for the consideration, and, as they
hope, the approval of the House. Now, sir,
the salary of the President-of the United States
was fixed at the organization of our Govern-
ment at its present amount, $25,000. Ten
thousand at the time that salary was estab-
lished would procure just as much of the com-
forts and necessaries of life as $25,000 in paper
will now. But Congress from time to time,
during a long series-of years, have helped out
the President, as it were, by making appropria-
tions of various kinds for the maintenance of
the executive establishment, for clerical aid,
and for incidental expenses in that depart-
ment. Somo years ago the pay of the steward
was provided for; also the pay of porter. I
understand, also, that the Government fur-
nishes fuel and light for the Presidential Man-
sion. I am surprised, also, to hear the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Bctleb.] say
that there should be no records in the execu-
tive department; that the business should be
done in the other Departments entirely, and
that no person but a single private secretary
should be employed by the President for the
purpose of aiding him in the discharge of his
duties. Now, the gentleman must knew—he
certainly ought to know, and every member
of this House who has had occasion to visit
the executive department must know—that a
large clerical force is needed. It is impossible,
with the vast concerns of this Government,
with the many things which constantly come
