1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
merit and asked for a committee of conference.
We have compromised the matter by agreeing
that the amount shall not exceed $8,000,
which is $4,000 less than the Senate had put
it at in their bill and $3,000 more than our
amendment.
The report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. FAIINSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the report was agreed to ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REPORT OF MR. COWDIN.
The SPEAKER-, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the following message
from the'President of the United States:
To the House of llrprpfientatweH of the United States:
In answer to a resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the 18th ultimo, relating to the report
of Mr. Cowdin, I transmit a report ot the Secretary
of State and the documents to which it rotor*.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, March 25,1868.
The message and the accompanying docu-
ments were referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
REMOVAL OF JAMES B. STKADMAN.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, in reply to a resolution of the House
of the 23d instant calling for all the reasons
assigned by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue for asking the removal of James B.
Steadman, United States collector at New
Orleans, Louisiana; which was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
REPAIRS OF NEW YORK CUSTOM-HOUSE. j
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con- !
sent, laid before the House a communication ,
from the Secretary of the Treasury, in response j
to a resolution of the House of the 26th of j
February, asking for the amounts paid for :
repairs on the New York custom-house during
the past two years; which was referred to the
Committee on Retrenchment, and ordered to
be printed.
CHIPPEWA INDIANS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, transmitting a communi-
cation from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
submitting estimates of appropriations for the
different bands of Chippewa Indians in Minne-
sota; which was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
REMOVAL OP POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the memorial of the con-
stitutional convention of South Carolina, ask-
ing the removal of political disabilities from
John D. Ashmore and forty-two others, citi-
zens of South Carolina; which was referred to
the Committee on Reconstruction.
PROTEST OF KENTUCKY LEGISLATURE.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Governor of Kentucky, transmitting the
memorial of protest of the Legislature of Ken-
tucky against the constitutional wrong and
injustice of refusing their just representation
in the House of Representatives.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. I move that
the communication and protest be referred to
the Committee of Elections and printed in the
Globe."
The motion was agreed to.
The communication of the Governor and the
protest are as follows:
State of Kentucky, Exectjtivk Department,
Frankfort, March 17,18d8.
Sir: In compliance with the request of the Legis-
lature of this Commonwealth, I have the honor to
inclose you the within memorial of protest adopted
by that body during the late session.
Wery respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOHN W. STEVENSON.
Memorial of Protest.
The General Assembly of the Commonwealth of
Kentucky, acting lor and "on behalf of the people of
Kentucky, are constrained to enter a most earnest
and solemn protest against the great constitutional
wrong and manifest injustice which has been done
this people in the tailing and refusing to admit their,
just representation on the floor ol the House ot Rep-
resentatives of the Congress of the United States, on
the presentation of their legal certificates of election,
duly authenticated, and each ot the said representa-
tives possessing all the qualifications prescribed by
the Constitution of the United States.
We soioinoly piotest against the assumption of
power to make and apply new tests and qualifications
for membership, nut only not authorized by or con- i
templated in, hut we hold clearly prohibited by, the !
Federal Constitution, as nothiug less than a usurpa- !
tion culminating in violation ot vested right and an i
assault upon the liberty of a free people. j
The essential principle ol our free government is j
that it is theGovcrnment of the people, made by the !
people, and carefully framed with the special view
of reserving all power in the people which it was not
found essential to concede, and which was not act-
ually given by the Constitution to their representa-
tives and public servants.
It being impracticable for the people to assemble
in mass and deliberate upon measures of public
policy, representative agents of the people are at
once a palpable necessity, and the highest object of
the Constitution is to define and limit their power®
and duties. The Representative is but the agent of
the people, and the Constitution is the warrant of his
authority. It i< hhpowcr of attorney, and he cannot
transcend the limit of its authority. Nay, h" is
required to make solemn oath to support the Con-
stitution and be bound by its re-«trietiun .
The Constitution plainly enumeiates and defines
the powers of Congress; and by all rules of legal
interpretation that body could wS^umc no power not
expressly granted therein. "But the people, jealous
ot the growing anxiety ot their agents Jor more power,
and fearing their public servants should aspire to
rule as musteis, detei mined, alter ashort experience,
to add the tenth amendment to the Constitution,
which provides that—
"The powers not delegated to the United States
by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it±o the
States, arc reserved to the States respectively or to ;
the people." !
The force of this constitutional inhibition is in j
nowise weakened as regards the Congress, because '
it applies alike to all the departments of the United i
States Government. It is the people saying plainly j
to their public servants in the United .States Govern- I
merit, " You have jour warrant of authority : what- :
ever powers are not expressly given you in the
Constitution we, the people, reserve to oar State
governments and to ouivelves."
Where, therefore, the lYderal Constitution, in the
second section of the first article, provides that "No
person shall be a Ilepiesentative whoshall not have
attained the age of twenty-live vcars, and been seven
years a citizen ot the United States, and who shall
not, when cicctcd, be an inhabitant of that State m
which he shall be chosen,it has defined all the
qualifications which may be exacted by any power
or authority, save and except that cach House may
require, in addition, satisfactory evidence that a
member has been legally elected.
The provision of the faith section of the first article,
"That each House shall be the judge of the elections,
returns, and qualifications of its own members,"
means only this, and can he made to mean nothing
more. Nor can the qualification be altered or en-
larged indirectly by the requirement of an amplified
oath; for the Constitution not onfo* prescribes and
defines all the qualifications that may be exacted,
but as plainly and definitely declares the oath which
shall berequiredofaRepresentativeinCongrcss.^ In
the third clause of articlesix is provided : " The Sen- j
ators and Representatives before mentioned, and the i
members ot the several State Legislatures, and all j
executive and judicial officers, both of the United j
States and of the several States, shall be bound by i
oath or affirmation to support this Constitution.'" j
Considering, then, the rcstiictions of the tenth ]
amendment, before quoted, what authority ha<? Con- 1
gress to add to the substance of this oath; and how :
may it be done without a direct infraction ot one of .
the denied lights of the people therein reserved—the
right to elect whom they may choose, possessing the
qualifications defined in the Constitution, as their
Representative? To deny the right of any people to
electa Repicsentative of their ownchoosing isprae- ,
ticaliy to deny them the right of franchise, or any :
participation in framing the policy of their Govern-
ment. Their election is a mockeiy if a riihng power
may direct for whooi or for what ela«^ of men their
polls shall be cast; and when they submit to this
their liberty is destroyed and they are made slaves.
But beyond all questions of power wo earnestly
protest and utter a solemn warning against the dan-
gerous precedent of amplifying the prerequisite qual-
ifications or the oath ot office to conform to the views
of the ruling majority, as conceding a power which
Congress not only does not, but ought not, possess.
Such power would always be capablc of the greatest
abuse, and lead necessarily to the most deploraole
practices. The tendency of a tc^t-oath on political
sentiments is to perpetuate the asccndancj' of the
party in power; and the authonty once established
the temptation to use it for that object becomes too
strong for resistance in times of high political excite-
ment and rancor. If this Congress may apply through
the oath of office a.test of present or past political
sentiments, another Congress, controlled by the de-
votees of the Grand Army of the Republic, may re-
quire that cach membershall swear to having actually
t served a specified'term in the Army or Navy. Or, the
r tables being turnedaryl that great organization van-
[S quished m its struggle for supremacy, another Con-
gress may enact an oath that would disqualify for
; membership any one having served in the Army or
' Navy of the United States.
Political enthusiasms arc often epidemic, and carry
the populace, for the time being, on a single idea. A
party predicatedon one idea, (asanti-masonry, know-
nothmgism, &c., in the past,) attaining a majority in
Congress, would seek to perpetuate its ascendancy
by requiring an oath of admission to conform to its
peculiar tenets.
And so protesting, in the name of the people of
Kentucky, and of their great chart of liberty, the
Constitution, the General Assembly of the Common-
wealth of Kentucky does hereby declaro:
1. That in a Republican Government the right of
representation is a franchise which the people may
not safely relinquish, and of which they cannot be
deprived and remain free. The right of a people to
representation implies the right tor them to choose
their Representatives, and a denial of the latter in-
volves a dcstiuction of ttic former; hence a govern-
ment is no longer republican when this right of the
people is destroyed.
2. The Constitution of the United States, which is
the creature of the States, and which constitutes the
only bond of the Federal Union, prescribes the quali-
fications which must be possessed by members of
Congress; also the mode of choosing them, and the
right conferred by the Constitution on cach House
ot Congress to "judge of the election, qualification,
and returns of its members," does not authorize the
denial of representation to the people of a State or
district, nor authorize the application of any new or
additional tests or qualifiations for membership.
8. To xejecta Ilepiesentative duly chosen, because
of any political sentiments which he may have held
or may hold, is at once a flagrant violation of the
Constitution and a ruthless annihilation of freedom
it?elf; bccausc freedom consists in the right to be rep-
resented by whomsoever a majority may seicct:
Provided, There be no disqualification in the mem-
ber so chosen embraced within the provisions of the
Federal Constitution.
4. Each and every of the Representatives elected
i j by the people of the State of Kentucky to the Eor-
j j tietli Conicrcss was not only duly elected, butpossessed
!! all the qualifications required by the Constitution,
' j and the exclusion for a single day of any one of them
!( upon the grounds alleged by the controlling power
j in the House of Representatives was an infraction
of the constitutional rights of the people which de-
mands ourmofctunqualifieddenunciation; andinthe
name ot an injured and outraged people we do most
solemnly and earnestly protest against such action,
which, if persisted m and established as the policy
of the Government, will render the elective franchise
a farce, and what wc have been taught to regard as
constitutional liberty but a solemn mockcry.
Jie^olved, That his Excellency, the Governor of
this Commonwealth, be requested to foiward a copy
ot this declaration,.duly certified, to thePresident'of
the United States, to the President of the Senate and
Speaker of the House ot Representatives of the
United States, to cac-h of our Senators and Repre-
sentatives in Congress, and to the Governors of each
ot the States, with a request that it be laid before
their respective Legislatures.
JOHN T. BUNCH,
Speaker of the House ot Itepre&entoiives.
WILLIAM JOHNSON,
Speaker of ike Senate.
Approved March 9,18GS.
JOHN W. STEVENSON.
By the Governor:
S. B. Churchill, Secretary of State.
Mr. CHANLER. I move to reconsider the
votes by which the communications were sev-
erally referred ; and to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
privileged question. 1 call up the motion sub-
mitted ou the 26th of February by the gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn] to re-
consider the vote by which the letter of the
Secretary ol the Treasury relative to the Union
Pacific railroad was ordered to be printed.
I congratulate my friend from Iowa [Mr.
Price] on his success in preventing my being
heard this morning by getting the previous
question on his motion to commit the joint res-
olution to the Committee on the Pacific Hail-
road, of which he is chairman 5 and. as I have
now an hour to discuss this question of the
Pacific railroad just as fully as I would have
had if the gentleman had yielded to me, I will
yield leu or fifteen minutes to the gentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. "Washdujo'.J
Mr. WASUJJURX, of Wisconsin. Mr.
Speaker, I was desirous at the closc^ of the
remarks of the chairman of the Pacific Rail-
: road Committee [Mr. Price] and his colleague
i [Mr. Dodge] yesterday of making a few re-
: marks in reply and in explanation of what
; had previously uttered on this floor, thinking
, that I had in some respects been misunaer*
