1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4181
water. We cannot find a single one of those
bonds here. They are heard of nowhere
except in the market of Loudon, and there
they stand to-day, although they pay but five
per cent, iuterest, at three per cent, above par.
I have no doubt that four per cent. Massachu-
setts bonds in the currency of Frankfort, and
the interest payable there, would go to par at
any moment; notbecause Massachusetts bonds
would have an advantage over United States
bonds, but from the fact that it would be pay-
able there, the interest payable there. It
would enter into the investments of those who
seek for a permanent loap and a permanent
loan only, it would be bought only by those
who buy to keep and to keep it off from the
market, and it would neverbe heard of on this
side of the water until the day of its redemp-
tion catne. I think that is the reason and the
'only reason of the difference between State
bonds and UnitedStates bonds. It illustrates
precisely the idea of the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Logan,] although he was mistaken
in thi rate of interest.
1 withdraw the amendment.
Mr. BUTLEK, of Massachusetts. I renew
it pro forma. I should prefer fifty years, but
that is not the point to which I wish to speak.
I agree with my colleague from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] exactly. What we want is a
bond at a rate of interest that will not come
into the markets of this country. We need
not make any foreign loan for that purpose,
but by putting that at three and sixty-five hun-
dredths, taking it out of all income and other
taxes and giving it a long time, say fiftyyears,
that would give it all the advantages which my
colleague so well describes. It would then be
a permanent loan which would not come back
here, because we would not take it.
I agree, too, with the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Pile,] that it will be a long day, I
trust a very leng one, before there will be
much money to be loaned at the West at three
and sixty-five hundredths, because it can be
occupied more profitably there in building rail-
roads and villages and tilling the land.
But what will be the effect of this measure?
It will draw money for these bonds from Frank-
fort, where it is now one and a half per cent.;
from Vienna, where it is one and three-quar-
ter per cent.; from London, where it is one
and a half and two per cent., and bring it to
this country for these great uses and benefits.
And in doing that it will bring down the gen-
eral rate of interest all over this country. So
that instead of the rate of interest in the West
being as it is now, eight, ten, and twelve per
cent., it will be five and six per cent.
My friend from New Hampshire [Mr. Den-
ton] says that these bonds will go abroad. I
am content that they shall go abroad. There
are §600,000,000 of our bonds abroad now at
six per cent.; and we can send nearly $1,200,-
000,000 abroad for the same amount of interest
that we are now paying on the $000,000,000.
The reason why our bonds abroad are not any
higher is because of two elements ; first, they
are liable to be paid ; and secondly, they can
be sent home here and realized at high rates
in comparison with what they cost when pur-
chased. Therefore they are the first things
sold abroad to be sent home when their hold-
ers want money.
Now, what I would wish, looking at this
matter as a financier and a legislator, is first,
that there should be one class of consolidated
funded securities, known of all men, known
all over the world as the English consols are;
secondly, that they shall bear such a rate of
interest that we need not make a bad bargain
should we desire to redeem them at the end
of twenty-five years by purchase or otherwise ;
thirdly, that there should be such exact ex-
pression in the law that no man can have any
doubt about its construction ; and lastly, that
they shall be free from all fluctuations here-
after from legislation.
I therefoie shall move as soon as it is in
order, uuless some other member shall do so,
to strike out of this bill all provisions for in-
come or any other tax, and let this be sim-
ply a long gold bond at three and sixty-five
hundredths per cent, interest, free from all
possible fluctuation.
One word in regard to this talk about our
credit. There is no difficulty about the credit
of this country. Whenever we make a pro-
mise, and that promise is free from all doubt, it
is at a premium. Our gold certificates to-day:
what are they but simply a promise of this
Government to pay gold? And they are above
par because they are beyond doubt.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] has made the
same point that he made the other evening
in regard to the difference between Massa-
chusetts bonds and the bonds of the United
States. I desire to call attention to the state-
ment he has just made on that subject, that
the chief difference after all is in the time of
payment; that our bonds are sold at a low
rate, because they are liable to be paid soon ;
and that a bond at a low rate of interest with
a longtime to run, is a great deal better, other
things being equal, than a short bond at a
higher rate of interest—in that, of course. I
agree—and that this explains the chief differ-
ence between Massachusetts bonds and the
bonds of the United States.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I did not
say the "chief difference."
Mr. GARFIELIl. One of the chief differ-
ences. After charging me with not knowing
anything about the Massachusetts loan, the
gentleman stated the other evening, as he has
also done to-day, that the Massachusetts bonds
reported in the sterling market in Threadneedle
street, were very long bonds; and that onr
bonds having a very short, time to run, the dif-
ference is against us. Now, I want to call
attention to the Massachusetts bonds, which
for a long time have been upon the exchange
boards in London. I hold in my hand the re-
port of the auditor of the State of Massachu-
setts for the year 18G5; and in this document
there are recorded but two sterling loans of the
State of Massachusetts. One is known as the
Western railroad sterling bonds, and amounts
to about four million one hundred and seventy-
three thousand dollars; the other is a smaller
loan, known as the Troy and Greenfield rail-
road sterling bonds, amounting to about half
a million dollars. These are all the sterling
bonds set down in the official report of the State
for 1865.
Now, Mr. Chairman, oftlie chief one of these
sterling loans the last installment is payable
in April 1, 1871, some of them being payable
this year, some in 180/J, a few in 1870, and the
very last installment in 1871. So that at the
date of this report in 180-5, not one of those
loans had more than six years to run ; yet the
five per ccnt. loans of the State of Massachu-
setts, during almost all that period, were worth
almost double any United States six per cent.
bond on the market. Even those which had
more time to run than the Massachusetts bonds
had. I hold, therefore, that it js the credit of
the two loans rather than the time of maturity
that makes the difference.
Now, sir, in the last number of the London
Economist, to which I referred the other even-
ing, the Massachusetts five per cent, loan, this
old loan—for the new loan is not quoted on the
boards, being owned and held mainly by the
Barings—is quoted at ninety cents, which, in
gold, adding the sterling exchange would make
it nearly at par in gold; while in the same
number of the Economist the five per cent,
ten-forty bonds of the United States, payable,
principal and interest, in gold, are quoted at
sixty-eight and a half; twenty-one and a half
cents on the dollar less in gold than the longest
Massachusetts loan. Thus, though the differ-
ence of time was in favor of the Laiited States
securities, the difference of credit in favor of the
Massachusetts makes her bonds worth twenty-
one and ahalf cents on the dollar more than ours.
Mr. Chairman, no amount of time can care
bad credit. It is humiliating that a great nation
like this shall so conduct its affairs as to fall
so far below one of the States of the Union.
Let us prove to the world that we intend to
keep faith in all our obligations.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Thequestion being taken onthe amendment
to the amendment, it was not agreed to.
The question then recurred on the amend-
ment of the Committee of Ways and Means.
The amendment was read, as follows:
In the first section strike out the following:
Twenty, thirty, and forty years, respectively, and
beating the fuUo^itig rates of yearly interest, pay-
able semi-annually in coin, that is to say: the issa©
of bonds falling duo m twenty years shall bear inter-
est at five percent.; bonds falling due in thirty years
shall bear intercut at four and a half per cent.; and
bonds tailing due in lorty years shall bear interestat
four per cent.
And insert in lieu thereof tbefollowing :
forty years, and bearing interest, payable semi-
annually in coin, at the rate ot three and sixty-five
hundredths per cent, per annum.
Mr. BKOOKS. I move pro forma to amend
the amendment by striking out "forty" and
inserting •' ten." lam opposed to thisamend-
ment of the Committee of Ways and Means,
and I propose to vote against it, without in-
tending to commit myself to the proposition
wliicli comes from the Senate.
We propose to issue a loan terminable in
forty years, that is in the year 1008. We pro-
pose to fund over $12,000,000,000 of debt; and
during all this time we pledge ourselves to pay a
certain rate of interest. If the gentleman had
fully reflected on this subject he would have
seen that in the year 1008 there will be one
hundred million people in this country, who
will consume an enormous amount of importa-
tions of all kinds, and furnish the greatest ca-
pacity of taxation for all purposes. We pro-
pose now to commit ourselves to this amount
of taxation for all that time. I have lived
in my bilet" day to see the payment of one
national debt. General Jackson, during his
administration, discharged the whole debt of
the revolution, as well as the debt of the war
of 1812. It is within the memory of man that
during the administration of General Jackson
the three per cent, debt of the Revolution was
paid, and that because of the large surplus fund
in the Treasury. If my memory serves me,
it was bought at or above par. The debt was
comparatively small, and only at three per cent.,
and with few years to run, and then the country
was young. Now, when the country is great
in resources, and yearly growing greater, we
are asked to commit the people to paying forty
years upon this vast debt the sum of three and
sixty-five hundredths or four per cent, interest.
I will never make such a tecord. I will never
commit my country to this lor forty years, be-
yond my own life, and probably beyond the
lives of my children. 1 hope no such record
will be made. Ten years is as long as it should
be made by this Congress. At a future session,
with the general expanding of our resources,
with our country more at peace, with no future
so alarming, with no presidential election to
settle, I should be willing to legislate as to
time, but I think it is better now to pay five oi
six per cent., instead of mortgaging our coun-
trymen through all time to pay three and sixty-
five hundredths or four per cent, to foreign
bondholders. In less than forty years we might
be able to pay it, and if not abfe to pay it, still
the credit of the country would be such, by
reason of our growth in population and the
development oi our resources, as to put us in
a better position to make better terms than
now. Therefore it is that I am opposed to this
proposition.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JUDD. Whatever I may think, Mr.
Chairman, of the reasons given by the honor-
able gentleman from Xew York [Mr. BrooksJ
for his position, it is not quite certain l
not ogree with him in his conclusions. Way
is all this agitation at this time throughout the
country ? We have no debt but what has been
paid when it is due; no one has any claim
