THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
75
that the next day would be what he called a
dies nan, being the holiday of the anniversary
of Washington's birthday, when he had directed
that the War Department should be closed,
that the day thereafter would be Sunday, and
that on Monday morning he should demand
possession of the War Department and of its
property, and if that demand was refused or
resisted he should apply to the General-in-
Chief of the Army for a force sufficient to en-
able him to take possession of the War Depart-
ment; and he added that he did not see how
the General of the Army eoukl refuse to obey
his demand for that force. He then added
that under the order that the President had
given to him he had no election to pursue any
other course than the one that he indicated;
that he was a subordinate officer directed by
an order from a superior officer, and that he
must pursue that course.
Question. Did you see him afterward and
have conversation with him on the subject?
Answer. I did.
Question. When was that?
Answer. That evening.
Question. Where?
Answer. At Willard's Hotel.
Question. What did he say there ?
Answer. He then said that he should the
next day demand possession of the War De-
partment, and that if the demand was refused
or resisted he should apply to General Grant
for force to enable him to take possession, and
lie also repeated his declaration that he could
not see how General Grant could refuse to
obey that demand for force.
Question. H• ate whether these were earnest
conversations or otherwise?
Answer. Earnest conversations !
Question. Yes, sir, on his part.
Answer. If you mean by earnestness that he
meant what he said 
Question. Yes.
Answer. They were in that sense earnest.
Cross-examined by Mr. Evarxs :
Question. Are you connected with the press ?
Answer. I am a journalist by profession.
Question. And have been for a great num-
ber of years ?
Answer. A great number of years.
Question, Living in Washington during the
session of Congress for the most part ?
Ansicer. I have for the last seven years lived
in Washington in the winter.
Question. You say that General Thomas told
you that, under the order of the President, he
did not see how he could do otherwise than he
had stated.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Are you repeating
the testimony of the witness ?
Mr. EVARTS. Yes.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I understood him
to say " under the orders of the President."
Mr. EVARTS. I understood him to say
"under the order."
Mr. Manager BUTLER. That I wanted
certain.
The Witxess. " Underthe order," referring
to the original ?
Mr. EVARTS. Paper?
The Witness. The original paper.
Question. Nothing else?
Answer. Nothing else.
Mr. EVARTS, ^to Mr. Manager Butler.)
Now you are answered.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Entirely.
Mr. EVARTS, (to the wituess.) So all the
difference between the conversation on Friday
night and Friday forenoon was that at night he
proposed to do what ho did propose to do on
Saturday, and in the forenoon conversation he
proposed to do it on Monday?
Answer. On Monday.
Question. Did you say anything further re-
garding the expected holiday. Saturday, except
that that would be a dies non ?
Answer. Nothing, sir.
Question. No orders to that effect were re-
ferred to ?
Answer. Pardon me; ho told me that he had
issued an order to close the War Department
on Saturday.
Question. That he had himself?
Answer. That he had himself issued an order
to close the War Department on Saturday.
Question. As Adjutant General?
Answer. He did not say whether he had done
that as Adjutant General or as Secretary of
War.
Question. You did not understand anything
about that ?
Answer. He simply told me he had issued
an order to close the War Department on Sat-
urday.
Question. This was in the morning conver-
sation?
Answer. Tt was in the afternoon conversa-
tion of Friday.
Question. The one o'clock conversation?
Answer. Y"es, sir.
Question. Did he tell yon when that order
had been issued ?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Did you know, from anything said
in that conversation, when it had been issued ?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Did you know, from anything said
in that conversation, by whom it had been
issued other than that it was by him, General
Thomas, in some capacity?
Answer. No, sir. He told me that it had
been issued, and he told me that on Friday.
Question. So far as you know, or then un-
derstood, it might have been issued by him as
Adjutant General?
Answer. I know nothing about that.
Reexamined by Mr. Manager Butler:
Question. In either of these conversations,
in connection with what he said, did he say
whether he was Secretary of War, or did he
claim to be?
Answer. Yes, sir; he claimed to be Secretary
of War.
George W. Karsxer sworn and examined.
By Mr. Manager Butler :
Question. What is your full name ?
Answer. George Washington Karsner.
Question. Of what place are you a citizen?
Answer. Delaware.
Question. What county?
Answer. New Castle county.
Question. Do you know Major General Lo-
renzo Thomas ?
Answer. Yres, sir.
Question. How long have you known him.
Answer. I have known him a great while ;
I think I have known him since a short time
after his graduation from West Point.
Question. Was he originally from the same
county with you ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Did you see him in Washington
somewhere about the 1st of March of this
year?
Answer. I think it was about the 9th of
March I first recollect seeing him here.
Question. When had you seen him prior to
that time?
Answer. Not for several years. I cannot
remember exactly when I last saw him before
that.
Question. Where did you see him in Wash-
ington?
Answer. I saw him in the President's House;
in the East Room of the President's House.
Question. What time in the day or evening?
Answer. It was, perhaps, a quarter past ten
o'clock in the evening.
Question. The evening of what day in the
week: do you remember?
Answer.' I think it was on a Monday evening.
Question. Was the President holding a levee
that evening?
Answer. Yes. sir.
Question. Did you have any conversation
with him?
Ansicer. Yes, sir.
Question. Please state how the conversation
began; what was said?
Mr. EVARTS. With General Thomas?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. With General
Thomas.
Answer. Well, it commenced by my ap-
proaching him and mentioning that I was a
Delawarean, and I supposed he would recog-
nize me, which I think he did, but could not
remember my name. I then gave him my
name, and told him I knew him a great many
years ago, and knew his father and brother and
all the family. I gave him my hand, and he
talked. He said he was a Delaware boy, which
I very well knew; and he asked me what we
were doing in Delaware. I do not remember
the answer I gave to him, but said I to him,
''General, the eyes of Delaware are on you."
[Laughter.]
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Order J
The Witness. I gave my advice to him.
I told him I thought Delaware would require
him to stand firm. "Stand firm, General,"
said I. He said he would, ho was standing
firm, and he would not disappoint his friends;
and in two days, or two or three days, or a
short time, he would kick that fellow out.
[Laughter.]
Question. Was anything further said?
Answer. Yes; there was something further
said. 1 will try to recollect it. [A pause.] I
repeated again te him what the desire, I pre-
sumed, of Delaware would be, and he said I
need not give myself any concern about that,
he was going to remain firm, and kick that fel-
low out without fail.
Question. When ho said he would "kick
that fellow out" did he in any way indicate to
you to whom he referred?
Answer. He did not mention any name.
Question. The question was whether he indi-
cated to whom he referred?
Answer. Well, I think he referred to the
Secretary of War. I did not have any doubt
on my mind  
Mr. EVARTS. That was not the question.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. It answers all I
desire. The wituess is yours, gentlemen.
Cross-examined by Mr. Staxhery:
Question. You said you had known General
Thomas many years before?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Please to state as near as you can
recollect when you had seen General Thomas
before this interview in the East Room.. How
many years was it since you had seen him
before ?
Answer. I was in this city during the war,
and perhaps I might have seen him then, but
I am not certain.
Question. What is the time that you are
certain that you last saw him?
Answer, it was a good many years ; I can-
not remember how long it was. I cannot re-
member the time.
Question. Where? In Delaware or here?
Answer. I think I saw him in New Castle at
one time.
Question. Before or after he went to West
Point?
Answer. Long since he loft West Point;
long sincc he was in the Army,
Question. On what occasion was it at New
Castle that you think you recollect seeing him ?
Answer. I saw hiin in the street. I do not
recollect that I had any conversation with him
at New Castle. His father lived there, and his
brother.
Question. In which of the streets of New
Castle did you see him?
Answer. Well, there are not mauy streets
iti New Castle. [Laughter.] I saw him in the
main street, I think.
Question. What part of the street?
Answer. It was not in the middle of it; it
was on the pavement, and I was standing by
the court-house, to the best of my recollection.
Question. You were standing by the court-
house, and he was on the pavement?
Answer. I think so.
Question. Was he walking past or standing
there ?
