2134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
stood, and that it was but sight that I should
have a -few moments for explanation. But,
sir, so determined were the friends of this
great monopoly to stifle discussion that they
resisted every appeal that I could make to allow
me even that poor privilege. That I am now
enabled to _ defy all attempts to silence dis-
cussion is in no degree due to the friends of
these roads, but in spite of them. Jt is simply
due to the fact that I had the foresight some
time since to enter a motion to reconsider a
vote upon a Droposition connected with the
Paeific railroad. I entered that motion because
I thought an occasiou might arise such as lias
actually arisen here.
Now, I wish to advert very briefly to what
was said by my friend from Iowa, the chairman
of the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, [Mr.
Price.] He said we should not have been
heard here upon this subject had it not been
for what he called the unfair course which I
had pursued toward his committee. Now, I
beg to assure him, and to assure every member
of that committee, that I believe I have pur-
sued no unfair course toward them; that I
have said nothing here which the facts did not
warrant me in saying; that I was not perfectly
justified in saying. It was the last thing in my
thought to reflect upon that committee, and I
did not, in any way reflect upon them. I stated
that I had become satisfied when I offered the
resolution that there would be great delay in
reporting, even if the resolution did not sleep in
the committee the sleep that knows 110 wak-
ing," which 1 feared it would.
That was the language to which the gentle-
man from Iowa [Mr. Price] took exception.
How far lie was justifiable in taking exception
to that remark a few facts will show.
Now, for the facts upon which I based that
declaration, and I will leave the House and
the country to judge whether or not I had good
reason to believe that the committee intended
to let that bill sleep on, whether they were
friendly or unfriendly to it. I introduced
that bill as long ago as the 9th of December,
and it was referred to the Pacific Railroad
Committee. Nothing having been heard from
it, and thinking that perhaps the committee
would not be called for some time, or that
there might be very considerable delay, I in-
troduced, on the 17th of February, the joint
resolution which was discussed yesterday. A
motion was made to lay that joint resolution
on the table. Who voted against laying it 011
the table? Certainly not my friend from Iowa.
Mr. PRICE. Do me the justice to say that
I did not vote the other way.
Mr. WASHBURN, of AViscousin. I will ;
I was going to say that. I will say that he was
not found voting at all, from which I certainly
had the right to infer that he was not particu-
larly friendly to the joint resolution. There
are three members of the committee who did
not vote; I do not know why. I did not at the
time notice whether they were present or not;
but I have directed my attention to the matter
since, and I find that my friend from Iowa
[Mr. Price] did not vote for the proposition.
I will say, however, that in conversation with
him afterward I understood him to say that he
was in favor of some such proposition as this.
I have stated that before, and I state it now.
And I will state further, that notwithstanding
that I had reason to believe the committee,
as a committee, would not report in favor of
such a proposition as this. I think I had good
reason for believing that the committee was
unfriendly to the proposition, because on the
12th instant the question again came up, and
but a single member of the committee voted in
favor of it—my friend from Iowa, [Mr. Price;]
Mr. Donnelly and Mr. Malloey voting to lay
ii, on the table, and the rest of the committee
not voting. Now, I suppose, that may not be
entirely inconsistent with bis declaration that
he was in favor of such a proposition; but then
I had no reason from that vote to think he was
warmly in its favor. ... , , T
The gentleman says in his speech that I
ought to have known that the committee in-
tended to report it, because he had told me so.
Well, he did tell me that the committee in-
tended to report something, and that they were
considering the matter; and he said yesterday
that the committee had instructed him to write
to these different companies and find out what
their earnings and expenses were, and what
they thought would be right.
Now, it the committee are friendly to this
proposition it is most astonishing that they
should wait until they could hear what the
wishes of these railroad companies are. The
callingon these companies to learn what should
be done to protect the people sounds very like
some fable I have read at some time. Now,
my friend represents a State blessed with vast
flocks of sheep, and, if I mistake not, a colleague
of his in the last Congress was a great shep-
herd. Now, what would be thought of that
former colleague if, when his sheep appealed
to him for protection against the wolves, whom
they alleged were claiming more mutton than
enough to satisfy their reasonable appetites,
I16 should say to them, " I have written'to the-
wolves to know if they are not going it rather
too strong, and to ask if they could not
suggest some measure by which you may be
restricted in your forays upon my flocks?"
It occurs to me that that would be about a
parallel case to that of my friend from Iowa
calling 011 those roads for informal ion; and,
if 1 mistake not, 1 read in zEsop's Fables, when
I was a boy/f ?t fable very much resembling
something of this kind.
Now, si/ the gentleman seemed to think
tlfs^, because I commented upon the acts passed
in P8£2/iuid 18(54 I was therefore making a
wholesale condemnation of the members of
the Congresses that passed those acts. lie
is justified in drawing 110 such inferences.
Those ucts are matter of record, and they are
fit subjects for comment hero or elsewhere ;
and because I disapprove an act it by no
means follows that I call in question the
action of the members who carried that act
through. The gentleman will not undertake
to deny that he lias had occasion to comment
unfavorably upon acts of Congress when he
would by 110 means intend to comment in un-
favorable terms upon those whose judgment
induced them to vote for such acts.
Now, sir, I am the last man who would at-
tribute any improper motives to my friend
from Iowa. I know perfectly well why he
voted in favor of this Pacific railroad act. He
felt, as the country felt, that the road was a
necessity ; and as 1 have heretofore remarked,
it is the disposition of our people when they
want a thing not to look far into the future;
not to count the cost; not to look far forward
to see the consequences. I think it was in this
respect that my friend from Iowa was at fault.
Hence he did not take care to provide proper
guards. The country was at war at the time,
and war was the great absorbing topic, and we
were then in the habit of voting such vast
sums that many measures passed without
proper scrutiny. Certainly 110 man who knows
my friend from Iowa would attribute to him
any improper motives in voting for such a bill
as this. But, sir, I do say that the act of
1804 was very insufliciently guarded. 1 say,
as I have said before, (and 110 man here has
attempted to deny it, for it cannot be denied,)
that every restriction embodied in the act of
1862 for the protection of the people was wiped
out by the act of 1804. That the gentleman
from Iowa has not attempted to controvert.
He has not attempted to controvert any prop-
osition which I submitted, but he lias addressed
himself to these little matters which are of no
consequence, so far as the country is con-
cerned. I did expect that he would try to
meet and answer some of the points I made,
but, sir, lie failed entirely to do so, and my
speech stands to-day unanswered, and, I may
say, unanswerable.
Now, sir, I subscribe entirely to what the
gentleman said in regard to reputation. He
quoted Shakspeare and quoted it well, and
with good effect; but, sir, "it is a good divine
that follows his own teachings." Now, when I
was on the floor before, I thought it due to the
road to say (because, as I have said repeatedly)
I feel most friendly toward it, that I believed
its bonds were as good security as there possibly
could be. I said it because I believed it, and
I did not mean to say anything that was not
true or anything to injure this road. But the
gentleman from Iowa thinks otherwise, and if
so, it is right the public and the road should
have the,benefit of his opinion. He said that
it occurred to him that somebody must have
bonds to sell, or I would not have made that
declaration. Well, now, after having spoken
eloquently and justly in regard to attributing
improper motives to men, I thought it a little
strange that the gentleman should make such
an observation as that. If he would allow me
to quote Shakspeare (I cannot begin to quoce
it as well as he) I would say to him—
" Do not, as some ungracious pastors do,
Show 111c the steep and thorny way to heaven;
Whilst, * *******
Himself the primrose path of dalliance treads,
And reeks not his own read."
I know it was a loose observation on the
part of the gentleman. He did not intend, I
know, to imply that in what I said in regard
to the bonds of these railroads I was influ-
enced by any personal interest of myself or
any friends of mine. If he did, let me say here
that I never owned a Pacific railroad bond; I"
never saw one; I have no friend, so far as I
know,who owns one; I know of 110 man upon
the face of the earth who owns one. If he
wishes it to go out that in the declaration I
made in regard to the security of these bonds
that I was iu error, be it so.
The gentleman, when he spoke of my allu-
sion to the Oregon bill, misconstrued my lan-
guage, as he will see if he reads it again. I
stated then and there that I understood the
gentleman was opposed to it; and I did not
say that the committee was in favor of it at all.
I referred to the matter to show that these
schemes were pressing upon Congress. He will
not deny that there is such a scheme before
that committee; and, sir, "their name is
legion." In this morning's Chronicle I see
the description of another Pacific railroad
scheme, to build a road from Cairo down
through Arkansas, New Mexico, Old Mexico,
and the Lord knows where; and it is com-
mended very kindly to the consideration of
Congress.
And, sir, I allude to all these simply that
members may understand the extent of these
schemes; for I will undertake to say there are
Pacific railroad schemes now 011 foot which
'would require at least two hundred or two hun-
dred and lifty million dollars in subsidies if they
are carried out.
Now, sir, I had occasion before to comment
on what is called the Sioux City railroad. I
stated some facts which the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Allison] yesterday undertook to
controvert. I have a little map here which
will show any man who has any curiosity on the
subject whether I was in error or not. I stated
then, and tliis map will show I was correct in
all I have before said on this subject.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's fifteen
minutes have expired.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I yield to
the gentleman five minutes further.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Now,
sir, it was stated by the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Allison] that the change in the law of
1864 was at the express solicitation of the gen-
tlemen from Minnesota. The members from
Minnesota were not present when the state-
ment was made, and I could not deny it then.
I could not believe it to be true; I could not
believe that the members from Minnesota
would have sacrificed the interests of their
State, as it seems to have been sacrificed, and
as I see one member from that State now pres-
ent, I beg to inquire of him whether he con-
sented to any change of the law by which the
SiouxCity railroad was to be built in another
direction than that provided in the act of 1862?
Mr. WINDOM. I will answer the gentle-
