Ill®
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB1.
February 11,
under the President's care and supervision,
that he can get along and discharge all these
unties with the assistance of simply a private
secretary.
- Mr. OPSON. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question. Is there any necessity since the
general amnesty proclamation for the employ-
ment of a pardon clerk?
Mr. PRUYN. Iam not prepared to answer
that. It is enough for me to know that the
committee think it is proper, and they have
reported, an appropriation therefor. I trust
that the House will aot in this matter in the
spirit of liberality and firmness toward the
incumbent of the Executive Mansion, in the
spirit which the gentlemau from Massachusetts
says characterizes his movement, no matter
who the incumbent may be. So I say; no
matter who the incumbent might be, I would
vote for this appropriation recommended by
the committee, believing that it is reasonable
and that it is demanded by the business and
the necessities of that department of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. KELLEY. I move to amend the amend-
ment by reducing the amount to $4,500.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will suggest
that that is not an amendment to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Butler.]
Mr. BUTLER. I meant to have amended
further by striking out "§18,800" in lines two
hundred and sixty and two hundred and sixty-
one, and inserting "$4,600" in lieu thereof.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman, how-
ever, stated that he would move that amend-
ment after the pending amendment Was dis-
posed of.
Mr. KELLEY. I will move, then, to amend
the amendment so as to strike out to the end
of the section; and I do it for the purpose
of saying that the facts of the case prove that
these are useless appropriations, if I am cor-
rectly informed. There is no short-hand writer,
as I am informed by many persons who have
the amplest means of knowledge, in the employ
of the President, other than an Army officer
who is acting as one of his staff- and receiving
his pay as such, the pay of the short-hand writer
being drawn by one who knows nothing abont
that art, and who does not practice it either in
the service of the executive department or in
the two other employments he holds as the
well-paid reporter for Philadelphia and Balti-
more newspapers. There were reasons during
the war why the Executive might require more
assistance and might have required a short-
hand writer; but that has passed away, and in-
stead of a short-hand writer this Government
is now paying the pay of a short-hand writer—
if I am correctly informed, and I believe my-
self to be so—$2,500 to give the President of
the United States direct access to the columns
of two leading newspapers, in one of which—
and it is a paper of such respectability that
without official indorsement it never could have
inserted them—appeared the interrogatories
said to have been prepared by thePresidentof
the United States asking the opinion of the
Attorney General as to the legality of disre-
farding this Congress as the Congress of the
Tinted States.
I do not propose my amendment or sustain
that of the gentleman from Massachusetts
because the present incumbent is President of
the United States. I think the amendment
would be a proper one let who mightbe there;
but I,hope all the more earnestly that it will be
adopted because there is every reason to_ be-
lieve—there is knowledge little short of judi-
cial knowledge—that the money is improperly
and corruptly employed for the purpose of dis-
paraging the legislative branch of the govern-
ment and preventing the reconstruction of the
country. , ,
Mr. SPALDING. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment tc the amendment offered by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] pro
forma, and in doing so I wish to say that the
bill creating all these different offices in the
executive department was passed about a year
and a half ago at my instance, and because I
believed that they were necessary to the execu-
tive department; and I have seen no reason to
chauge my opinion on the subject.
As a member of the Committee on Appro-
priations I advocated the insertion of this sum
of $18,800 because that sum is necessary to
pay tlie salaries attached to these different
positions by law. Now, it is one thing to
repeal the law creating these offices and it is
another thing to appropriate the money when
the law requires the appropriation. The Com-
mittee on Appropriations have done simply
their duty, nothing more, in appropriating the
money which the law requires them to appro-
priate to pay the salaries of these offices.
Now, sir, I will not permit myself, m exam-
ining and acting upon a measure of this kind,
to take into consideration the character of the
individual who fills the office of Chief Execu-
tive of this nation. If we are, on all occasions
and under all circumstances, to make that
inquiry, and to make it invidiously, as some
members seem inclined to do, it is a matter
which may after a while come back, as the
vulgar saying is, to roost. Other men by-and-
by will till that executive office, and we shall
be embarrassed by the precedents which we
establish ourselves.
I think, sir, from the best information I can
get upon the subject, that each one of these
officers is needed for the duo execution of the
business of the executive department of the
nation. I know that we have saved a vast
amount of property by providing for the ap-
pointment of a steward at a salary of $2,000,
and requiring that, officer to give bail for the
safe keeping of all the silverplate and all the
furniture in the Presidential Mansion. That
is now done, and no losses have occurred since
it has been done. Before the passage of the law
creating this presidential staff these matters
were all left at loose ends. They are now reg-
ulated, and properly regulated, by law, and
there is a good degree of accountability at-
tached to these respective places.
I do not know so much in regard to the ste-
nographer. I only know that the provision for
this officer was inserted by way of amendment
in the Senate after the bill had passed this
House and the House agreed to the amend-
ment. Such an officer was said to be neces-
sary to the convenient transaction of business
at the Executive Mansion. That is all I know
in regard to the matter. If this stenographer
is so important an obstacle in the way of gen-
tlemen let them refuse to appropriate for the
stenographer, and let them repeal the provis-
ion of law creating the office. I do not know
that I would object to that, hut T do not like
to see this whole appropriation struck out
simply to gratify the feeling of individuals
against the incumbent of the executive chair.
I yield to the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Blaine.]
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to call the attention
of the committee to the fourth section of the
act of July 23, 1866, which provides—
" That the President is hereby authorized to ap-
point a private secretary, at an annual salary of
§3,500; an assistant secretary, at ail annual salary of
82,500: a short-hand writer, at an annual salary of
$2,500; a clerk of pardons, at an annual salary of
§2,000; and three elerks of the fourth class, and a
steward of the President's household, who shall re-
ceive an annual salary of 82,000; and said steward
shall have the custody of the plate, furniture, and
other public property in the President's House, and
shall give a bond to the United States in such sum
as the Secretaryof tho Interior shall deem sufficient,
and to be approved b> him, for the faithful discharge
of his trust,'' &c.
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] has expired.
Mr. KELLEY. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
move that the committee rise for the purpose
of fixing a time when we shall close the debate
on this proposition. I propose that the debate
close in ten minutes after we resume the con-
sideration of the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope there will be no
such cutting off of this discussion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is im-
possible for us to get along without doing so.
I move that the committee rise for the purpose
of closing debate.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK.' In order to perfect the
paragraph so as to meet another difficulty, I
move to amend by adding the following pro-
viso :
Provided. That no officer of the Army or Navy
shall be detailed or assigned to duty as a private
secretary or clerk, or for other civil service at the
Executive Mansion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I raise the
point that this amendment is not in order, as
it proposes to change existing law.
Mr. SCHENCK. I beg to say that the
amendment simply proposes to carry out the
present law and keep the officers of the Army
and Navy where they belong. So far from
conflicting with the law, the amendment ia
designed to prevent a violation of law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is not aware
of any existing law with which this amendment
conflicts, and therefore overrules the point of
order.
Mr. SCHENCK. I supposed it would not
be considered improper to keep officers of the
Army and Navy in their places, performing
military or naval duty, and prevent them from
becoming the clerks or private secretaries of
anybody.
Now, sir, if gentlemen will look at land
patents issued in the early days of our Govern-
ment., they will find that James Madison, James
Monroe, and those who preceded them in the
presidential office, and even Andrew Jackson
coming after, signed patents themselves. After
awhile the duty became so onerous that a sec-
retary to sign land patents was provided. Still
there was no private secretary. Subsequently
a private secretary was authorized. Then dur-
ing the late war additional assistants were al-
lowed at the Executive Mansion till the matter
has assumed the shape shown by the remarks
of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Blaine;]
an assistant secretary, three clerks, a short-
hand writer, a messenger, &c., being author-
ized until the whole "executive establish-
ment" of the President, as the gentleman from
New York calls it, amounts to ten civil offi-
cers.
Now, sir, I do not go into the question
whether these are or are not too many to be
allowed to tho President. I am disposed to be
liberal in regard to the salary of tho President.
1 am glad that the President having an insuffi-
cient salary of $25,000 a year, various Con-
gresses have from time to time provided for
paying for fuel, lights, &c., for the Executive
Mansion, thus decreasing the President's ex-
penditures for keeping up the establishment
and virtually amounting to a considerable in-
crease of his salary.
But, sir, whether we are or are not of the
opinion that the President should have an estab-
lishment consisting of these ten civil officers,
(and I very much doubt whether we have not
gone too far in that direction,) certainly, when
the President is thus amply supplied with assist-
ance, there is no necessity that officers of the
Army should be detailed to perform for him
the duty of clerks. I behove 1 am not mistaken
in saying that there are now at least three offi-
cers of the Army engaged upon this pet service
about the White House. I am not mistaken
in saying that officers engaged there have been
appointed _tc vacancies occurring in a staff de-
partment in the regular Army, without any
purpose that they should enter upon the duties,
but in order that thus a salary might be pro-
vided for them, they still being retained about
the White House as private secretaries or in
some corresponding capacity.
Now, what I propose is that whatever we
may do with regard to those ten civil officers,
properly so called, we at least shall not add to
the increase already made in that direction by
permitting the President to detail for service
at the Executive Mansion three or four other
men, officers of the Army, for the purpose of
performing these very same duties. I desire
