3158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15y
thing for us to do, and the thing we ought to
do before this Congress adjourns, is to take
some steps toward the return to specie pay-
ments. Every other financial scheme is a
nostrum as compared with that. It cannot be
done, nor can it be done indirectly. It will not
"turn up," as Micawber might suppose it
would. It will not come around incidentally
or indirectly by resorting to some other gentle,
ineffective, meaningless measure. Sir, the way
to return to specie payments is by taking some
direct step in that direction. As the Senator
from Maine said, the only way to pay a debt is
to pay it j and I say the only way to return to
specie payments is by taking some step in that
direction ; some _ step that looks toward it;
some stej) that will give the country assurance
that specie payments will be made.
- Now, sir, how is it to be done? I do not
know ; I am not a financier ; Jaut as I believe
in direct measures and not indirect, Machie-
velian measures, the way to return to specie
payments, in my judgment, is to fix some time
when this Government will redeem its legal
tender notes. Give everybody notice; let the
people prepare for it; let the Government pre-
pare for it by collecting its reserve of gold ; let
everybody get ready for it; and as the time
approaches when you are to return to specie
payments, the premium on gold will gradually
go down, until as you get to that time it will
have gone altogether; and then the legal-tender
notes being as good as gold the people will not
want the gold except lor specific purposes.
Mr. President, it was a strange idea sug-
gested by the Senator from Maine to-day, not
for the first time, for I have heard it a number
of times, and from other Senators on this floor
—I believe the Senator from Vermont concurs
in it—that by simply withdrawing the legal-
tender notes you thereby return to specie pay-
ments. That all you have got to do is to get
clear of these notes, either by burning them
up, taking them from the revenue, or by can-
celing them, taking them from the proceeds
of bonds sold, and as soon as you have done
that, you have got to specie payments. Yes,
Mr. President, you have got there then, but
you have got there by a panic, by a crash.
You have got there in the same way that you
would get there if the Supreme Court were to
decide to-morrow that the legal-tender notes
were unconstitutional, and therefore there
would be nothing a legal tender but gold and
silver; but what would be the result? There
would be a general falling of prices and val-
ues, the result ot' which would be an almost
universal bankruptcy. No, sir; it is a mis-
taken notion to suppose that you have got to
specie payments health fully and safely by simply
withdrawing legal-tender notes. You have got
there then by necessity; but you have got there
by universal bankruptcy and convulsion.
Why, Mr. President, your bonds are worth
but seventy-four or seventy-five cents on the
dollar in gold, if you count it in the way of
discount. The whole country now is under a
deception in regard to the value of legal-tender
notes and national bank currency; and what
is it? It is because the depreciation of these
notes is measured, not by discount in the honest
way, but is simply measured by the premium
on gold, and therefore is kept out of sight of
the people. The legal-tender note is par in
contemplation of law. It is par because you
can make your neighbor take it in payment of
debts. If it is only worth six cents on the
dollar in gold, still, in contemplation of law,
it is par. The gold and silver are kept out of
sight. Therefore you measure the deprecia-
tion of these notes not by discount but by the
premium on gold. You sell your legal-tender
notes at par and your bank notes at par ; but
if you look at gold it is forty per cent, pre-
mium. That is the way you measure the depre-
ciation. But whenever you withdraw the legal-
tender notes from circulation, then they cease
to be par and gold becomes par, and you count
the depreciation of your bondsand your national
bank notes and everything by discount.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then you are back to
specie payments.
Mr. MORTON. You are back to specie pay-
ments ; butall the foundation of these banks is
then twenty-five to forty per cent, below par.
You count by discount then, and not by the
premium on gold. Measuring the depreciation
of these notes by the premium on gold is pre-
cisely like paying taxes under the form of a
tariff. The people pay millions of taxes to the
Government in the form of a tariff, because
the duties are covered up in the general price
of the article'which they pay to the merchants,
and do not reflect that one half of that price
has been brought about by duties paid to the
Government. The legal-tender note is now
par in our contemplation. Gold is now out of
view, and we think but little of the premium
on gold ; but the very moment you take away
the legal tenders, then it becomes discount and
everybody sees it. We do not want an increase
of national bank notes, indefinitely or to a large
sum, when we know they are or.ly worth sev-
enty cents on the dollar. That is all your
national bank note is worth to-day ; and we do
not even get that much for it, because where the
price of commodities is regulated by a depreci-
ated currency that is a legal tender you never
do get what is, in point of fact, the actual
value of your currency, and especially in deal-
ing in real estate. Now, sir, the moment your
legal-tender note is gone, the moment it has
been withdrawn m accordance with the sug-
gestion of the Senators from Maine and Ver-
mont, then the depreciation in the national
bank note remains just what it is to-day.
Mr. SHEliMAN. I should like to ask my
friend a question. If the legal-tender notes
were out of the way he says the depreciation
would stall continue as to bank notes, if I
understood him.
Mr. MORTON. I say you do nothing to
prevent that continuing as to them.
Mr. SHERMAN. On the contrary, any
holder of a bank note might present it to the
bank and demand gold, and as a matter of
course it would have to be paid in gold, or
else it would be brought here and the bank
would be exploded at once.
Mr. MORTON. I was just coming to that.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator wants to
get back to spccie payments, it can only be
the retirement of the greenbacks that will
bring us there. .
Mr. MORTON. Not at all; not their re-
tirement in that way, as I shall show you after
a while.
M'r. SHERMAN. If the Senator can show
us how to retire the greenbacks, except by
paying them, I should like to hear it.
Mr. MORTON. That is just what I pro-
pose ; to return to specie payments by doing
what the Government promises to do, and that
is, by paying these greenbacks in gold. Now,
1 wish to ask the Senator a question, because
it shows the weakness of the question he asked
me. He says if you take away the greenbacks
the holder of the national bank note ean pre-
sent it to the bank for payment. The bank
has got 110 notes to redeem in ; according to
the original constitution of the bank it must
pay in gold; but, I ask you, where is the bank
that can redeem its issues in gold when that
bank is predicated upon bonds that are only
worth seventy or seventy four cents 011 the
dollar, when the whole constitution of the bank
is thirty per cent, below par? No bank can
do it. It is idle to suppose because you take
away the greenback circulation and require the
bank to pay in gold that you thereby bring up
the value of the stocks of that bank and its
outstanding notes thirty per cent., so as to
make it par in gold. You donot do it. That
is the fallacy the Senator from Maine is labor-
ing under—that because you take away green-
backs and require the banks to redeem in gold
you thereby give a gold value to their stocks
and to their bills, winch are to-day thirty per
cent, below par, gold being at par. Sir, you
cannot return to specie payments in any such
way as that, I respectfully, submit. We did
not depart from it in that way, and we cannot
get back to it in tliat. way. We must get to it
through the same medium by which we left it j
and that must be by beginning the work of
honestly redeeming these legal-tender notes in
gold.
Why, sir, this system that I have advocated
here seems to be predicated on the idea that it
is a mere operation of law by which you are to
return to specie payments ; that Congress can
resolve that the banks shall redeem after a cer-
tain period, and they will redeem. Sir, that
is preposterous. Congress can create no power
in the batiks to redeem in gold and silver.
Their very financial constitution to-day is thirty
per cent, below gold in value. You may strike
out the legal-tender notes ; you may take any
course you please, 'and you cannot restore the
difference between their actual value and their
gold value. We count their notes at par to-
day, because gold is at forty percent, premium ;
but when we take away the legal-tender notes,
then we will measure their depreciation by dis-
count, and that will bring them down to seventy
cents on the dollar.
Mr. President, in my judgment it is the first
business of the Government to take some steps
toward a return to specie payments ; and as I
said before, and I wish to reiterate that state-
ment, it is not to be done by wishing it; it is
not to be done simply by some indirect, and
imperfect remedy ; but it is tobedone by some
legislation looking directly toward it and
making provision for it. If it were left to me
I would fix a day in the future, and I would say
that on and after that day the Government
would redeem the legal-tender notes in gold,
and thus comply with the promise made on
their face. They are to-day over due paper
that is dishonored by the maker. We cannot
keep these notes up by the mere solvency of
the maker. The solvency of the maker never
kept over due paper at par, and never will.
They have the additional value of being legal
tenders, which the bank notes will not have
when they stand alone. They are receivable
for certain taxes; but all these things have
failed to keep them at par, and they are worth
but seventy cents on the dollar to-day.
_Mr. HENDERSON. Will the Senator per-
mit me to ask him a question?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. HENDERSON. I ask him why he
would fix a day to redeem greenbacks in gold
at par, when he can commence redeeming
them now at seventy cents on the dollar?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, Mr. President, we
can go out and buy them at seventy cents; but
I ask how it would build up the credit of this
nation if it were to go out and buy its own
paper in the market, like a broker, at seventy
cents on the dollar, when it refuses payment
at the Treasury Department, which says that
they shall have a dollar for every dollar prom-
ised upon the face of that bill? Sir, that would
dishonor the credit, of the nation.
Mr. HENDERSON. Let me ask the Sen-
ator, then, whether it is any less dishonorable
to sell gold, which is the only constitutional
currency, as I understand, according to his
idea, at a premium?
Mr. MORTON. The cases are entirely
different; but I am free to say that I have
never approved of the policy of selling gold in
the market, instead of reserving that gold until
we can redeem our greenbacks.
Mr. HENDERSON. Congress passed a
law authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury
to do it.
Mr. MORTON. To sell gold?
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I never voted for it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I think you did.
Mr. MORTON. I think not; I was not
here. There were a great many sins commit-
ted by Congress that I am nut responsible for,
although I have no doubt in the course of time
I shall have my share.
Now, Mr. President, suppose we fixa time—
