THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
n
question was as to the sympathies of the wit-
ness. I will put the question in this form. [To
the witness.] Was the line of conduct he spoke
of taking that which suited you?
Answer. I do not know whether it would
or no.
Question. Did you in that conversation give
him any advice beyond standing firm what he
should do ?
Answer. No, sir; not any advice further
than I have slated.
Question. After you parted -there to whom
diii you first communicate this conversation
that you had had there with General Thomas?
Answer. Well, I communicated it—if the
question is right for me to answer——
Mr. STANBERY. Yes, sir; you will
answer it.
Answer. I communicated it to Mr. Tanner.
Question. Your friend?
Answer. Yes, sir; that night.
Question. Whereabouts did you communi-
cate that to Mr. Tanner?
Answer. Going along the street.
Question. Going away from there that night?
Answer. Yes, sir ; if my memory serves
me aright, I think I did that night.
Question. To whom next?
Answer. I cannot tell the next one exactly.
Question. Do you mean to say you have no
recollection now of telling anybody else but
Tanner?
Answer. Yes; I told several thatsame thing.
I did not charge my memory with the persons
I told it to.
Question. You told several that night, the
next day, or when ?
Answer. The next day.
Question. In Washington ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. What did you tell, and whom to?
Answer. I say I cannot recollect precisely
the persons I told it to. I told it to several.
Question. Do you recollect any one besides
Tanner ?
Answer. Yes, I recollect a gentleman from
Delaware.
Question, What was his name?
Answer. His name was Smith. [Laughter.]
Question. What was the first name of that
Mr. Smith?
Answer. It was not John. [Great laughter.]
Question. What was it, if you say you recol-
lect it was not John?
Answer. I think it was William.
Question. Whereabouts did you see William
Smith?
Answer. In Washington.
Question. Whereabouts?
Answer. I saw him on the street.
Question. Near the court-house?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Whereabouts, then?
Answer. I do not know where your court-
house is here.
Question. Whereabouts in Washington did
you see Smith?
Answer. I think it was on Pennsylvania
avenue.
Question. That is a pretty long avenue.
Whereabouts on the avenue ?
Answer. Not far from the National Hotel.
Question. On the street?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. What did you tell William Smith ?
Answer. I told William Smith just what I
have told you. [Laughter.] Yes, sir, I told
him just what I have sworn to here.
Question. What part of Delaware was Wil-
liam Smith from ?
Answer. He is from the banks of the Bran-
dywine. [Great laughter.]
Question. Which bank of the Brandywine
does he live on?
Answer. I think he is on the east bank of
the Brandywine, or northeast.
Question. Does he live in town or country?
Answer. He lives in the country. He is a
farmer.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
thinks that this examination is irrelevant, and
should not be protracted.
By Mr. Staxbeby :
Question. Mr. Karsner, when were you
summoned before any committee in this mat-
ter ?
Answer. I do not recollect the day. It was
about the 18th, I think.
Question. Did you remain in Washington
from the 9th till the 13th?
Answer. Yes, sir. I was engaged in try-
ing to get a mail route in Delaware to facili-
tate post office matters, and I was detained
here. 1 had engaged our Representative, Mr.
Nicholson", and his father was very ill at the
time, and he was some time out of the House,
which protracted my stay.
Question. Have you remained here ever
since.
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Do you know at whose instance
you were summoned?
Answer. No; I cannot tell that exactly, at
whose instance, what particular person had me
summoned. I was summoned before the Man-
agers of the House of Representatives, and
ordered at a certain time to be at the judiciary
apartment up stairs over the House of Repre-
sentatives.
Reexamined by Mr. Manager Butler :
Question. You have been asked if you were
summoned before the Managers. Did you
testify there ?
Answer. I did.
Question. After you had testified tliere, was
General Thomas called in?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Was your testimony, as you have
given it here, read over before him ?
Mr. GROESBECIC. We object to that.
The Witness. Yes, sir.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Now, I propose to
ask whether General Thomas was asked if that
was true, and if he admitted upon his oath that
it was true, all you have stated.
Mr. CURTIS. We object to that, Mr. Chief
Justice.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I think it is com-
petent.
Mr. CURTIS. We do not think they can
support their witness by showing what a third
person, General Thomas, said.
The CHIEF JUSTICE, (to the Managers.)
Do you press the question ?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I do press the
question, Mr. Chief Justice, for this reason:
upon an innocent and unoffending man there
has been a very severe cross-examination
within the duties of the counsel, undoubtedly—
he did not mean to do more than his duty-
attempting to discredit him here by that cross-
examination as to a conversation. If that
cross-examination meant anything, that is what
it meant. Now, I propose to show that the co-
conspirator here, Thomas, admitted the cor-
rectness of this man's statements. This man
was heard as a witness by the House of Repre-
sentatives; the Managers of the House of Rep-
resentatives, having taken his testimony, not
willing to do any injustice to General Thomas,
brought General Thomas in and t.at him down
and on his oath put the question to him, is
what this man says tiue? being the same then
as he swears here, and General Thomas
admitted it word for word. I think it is com-
petent and do press it.
Mr. CURTIS. Our view of it is, Mr. Chief
Justice, that, having called this witness and
put him on the stand, they cannot show that
lie has, on a different occasion, told the same
story. That is a plain matter, and I do not
understand that that is the ground which they
take.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. We do not pro-
pose that.
Mr. CURTIS. Then they offer the declara-
tions of General Thomas, not in reference to
any conspiracy, not in reference to any agree-
ment between himself and the President as to
doing anything, not in reference to any act
done pursuant to that conspiracy, but srraply
the declarations of General Thomas as to-some-
thing which General Thomas had saM to this
witness tosupportthecreditof the witness. We
object to that as incompetent.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Mr. President,
having made the offer, and it being objected
to, and it being clearly competent, if General
Thomas is ever brought here to contradict it I
will waive it.
Mr. CURTIS. Very well.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Then we are
through with the witness; but we must request
him to remain in attendance until discharged.
_ Mr. DOOLITTLE. Now, Mr. Chief Jus-
tice, I move that the court adjourn until to-
morrow at twelve o'cloek.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. It is moved by
the Senator from Wisconsin that the Senate,
sitting as a court of impeachment, adjourn
until to morrow at twelve o'cloek.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
sitting for the triaj of the impeachment, ad-
journed until to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
Thursday, April 2, 18CS.
The Chief Justice of the United States en-
tered the Senate Chamber at five minutes past
twelve o'clock and took the chair.
The usual proclamation having been made
by the Sergeant-at-Arms,
The Managers of the impeachment on the
part of the House of Representatives appeared
and took the seats assigned them.
The counsel for the respondent also appeared
and took their seats.
The presence of the House of Representa-
tives was next announced, and the members
of the House, as in Committee of the Whole,
headed by Mr. E. B. Washburne, the chair-
man of that committee, and accompanied Ijy
the Speaker and Clerk, entered the Senate
Chamber, and were conducted to the seats
provided for them.
The CIHEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the minutes of the last day's proceedings.
The Secretary read the Journal of the pro-
ceedings of the Senate yesterday sitting for the
trial of the impeachment.
Mr. DRAKE. I send to the Chair and offer
for adoption an amendment to the rules.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the amendment.
The Secretary read as follows:
Amend rule seven by adding tl/c following:
Upon all such questions the votes hall bo without
a division, unless the yeas and nays he demanded by
one fifth of the members present or requested by the
presiding officer, when the same shall bo taken.
Mr. DRAKE. Please read the rule as it
would be if amended.
The Secretary read as follows :
YXI. The Presiding Officer of the Senate shall
direct all necessary preparations in the Senate Cham-
ber, and the presiding officer on the trial shall direct
all the forms of proceeding while the Senate aro
sitting for the purpose of trying an impeachment, and
all forms during the trial not otherwise specially
provided for. And the presiding officer on the tiial
may rule all questions of evidence and incidental
questions, which ruttngshali stand as the judgment of
the Senate, unless some member of the Senate shall
ask that a formal vote betaken thereon, in which ease
it shall be submitted to the Senate for decision; or
he may, at his option, in the lirst instance, submit
any such question to a vote of the members of the
{Senate. Upon all such questions the vote shall bo
without a division, unless the yeas and nays be de-
manded by one fifth of the members present or re-
quested by the presiding officer, when the same shall
be taken.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suppose that, being
a change of a rule, stands over for one day.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. If any Senator
objects.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir; I do object.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. It will lie over for
one day.
The Managers on the part of the House of
Representatives will proceed with tlieir evi-
dence. Senators will please to give their atten-
tion.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. We propose now
to call General Emory.
