1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1111
to restrict the right to detail as part of that
household establishment officers whose proper
duties are military in their character.
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Chairman, I rise to
oppose the amendment of the gentleman from i
Ohio. The President is the Commander-in- 1
Chief of the_ Army and Navy, and as such is
as much entitled as any other officer of the
Army or Navy to have detailed for his assist-
ance any subordinate officer. I believe that
with scarcely an exception every military or
naval officer high in rank when charged with
onerous duties of any kind is in the habit of
having officers detailed for his assistance, either
upon his staff or as military secretaries, private
secretaries, or in some such capacity. Thus
officers performing important duties are re-
lieved ot certain clerical labor which it is
impossible for any officer eharged with im-
portant duties to perform in his own person.
If the President of the United States were
a civil officer purely, having no connection
with the Army or Navy, then I agree this
amendment would be very proper. But, in
view of the peculiar position and duties of the
President, there is no more harm, I think, in
detailing officers of the Army to assist him in
the performance of those duties than there is
in assigning such officers to duty upon the
staff of distinguished officers connected with
the Army. I can see, therefore, no objection
to the practice against which the amendment
is directed. By this practice the employment
of additional civil officers is avoided, and the
President is enabled to command the services
of gentlemen familiar with particular branches
of duty with which he is charged. I think it
not only proper but desirable that the Presi-
dent should have this power of commanding
the services of subordinate military officers to
assist him in the discharge of certain duties
devolving upon him as the head of the Army
or Navy.
Mr. MULLINS. Mr. Chairman, I desire
to say 
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate is in
order.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to. *
Mr. MAYNARD. For the purpose of per-
fecting the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Bdtler] I move to amend
by striking out the words '• short-hand writer."
I make this motion for the purpose of stating
a fact which perhaps is not known to all the
members of the House, and which I think
should be known to them before they act
finally upon this question.
Whether a short-hand writer is actually em-
ployed or not to fill this position I am unable
to say, for I do not know; but I know that the
present incumbent of the executive office has
constant occasion for one. Many years ago,
while Governor of Tennessee, he had the mis-
fortune to be thrown in a railroad disaster in
the State of Georgia, by which the elbow of his
right arm was broken and the arm disabled,
so, in point of fact, he is unable to use the pen
except in a rough way to sign his own name.
It has been his practice for many years to
employ altogether an amanuensis. All his
correspondence and writing is carried on in
that way. The present incumbent requires an
officer of that kind. Knowing this fact I
thought, it just to the President to state it.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask whether the duties
of the office cannot be performed by one man j
instead of two ?
Mr. MAYNARD. That is a question the
gentleman can answer as well as I can. While
Senator and while military governor of Ten- j
nessee he employed a gentleman constantly in
that capacity, and sometimes more than one.
Mr. BUT'LEH. I desire, then, in view of
the statement of the gentleman from Tennes-
see, to modify my amendment so as to le^Ve
in the short-hand writer. I would do that if
that is the reason for it. But, Mr. Chairman,
I want to call the attention'of the committee
to the fact that we are not endeavoring to cut
down the President's salary. His salary is
now §25,000, and is not enough, I grant; but
we appropriate every year for the expenses of
his house more than sixty thousand dollars
besides. A little further on we appropriate in
this way: Furnace-keeper to the President's
house, $600; two policemen for the President's
house, $2,040; two watchmen for the Presi-
dent's house, $1,800. Then there are appro-
priations for doorkeeper, assistant doorkeeper,
and so on. - I do not mean as at present ad-
vised to have those servants taken from him,
those which are necessary additions to his
household ; but I do say again that the Presi-
dent's business is not to have a clerk of par-
dons ; that should be done in the Attorney
General's office. He should not have a Treas-
ury clerk; that should be done in the Treas-
ury Department; neither should he have a
military officer as clerk; that should be done
at the War Department, and so on. He should
devote himself to other than details of busi-
ness in the' executive departments, for which
the Constitution provides Secretaries.
Mr. MILLER. I should like to ask the
question wh'ether Mr. Johnson has more clerks
than Mr. Lincoln had ?
Mr. BDTLER. To that question I answer
he has, and I am glad my friend has called my
attention to it. This practice grew up under
Mr. Lincoln, and the difficulty is that a prac-
tice under a good man becomes afterward a
precedent; but this precise law was passed at
President Johnson's instigation in 18GG. The
practice of employing miKtary officers grew up
under Mr. Lincoln. That was in time of war.
I believe the member from Ohio [Mr. Spald-
ing] and the member from Maine [Mr. Blaine]
put this upon the letter of the law. Why,
sir, let me state once again that we provide in
this bill whenever an appointment is stricken
out the office-shall be abolished, and so there
will be no difficulty about the law. What is
the use of our going over appropriation bills
at all if we cannot strike out anything, be-
cause we put in nothing that the law does not
compel us to put in. Items like these are fre-
quently put in this bill because the law pro-
vides for it, but with the mental reservation
on our part to move to strike them out. I
trust we shall restore this appropriation to pre-
cisely where it was in 1851, and we shall then
put the presidential office just where it stood
under Madison, under Jackson, under Taylor,
Pierce, and Buchanan. I only ask to have it
put back to where it was always in time of
peace. In time of war we did many things
which we do not propose to do in time of
peace, and my friends on the other side who
are anxious for a return to peace I trust will
aid me to put the White House on a peace estab-
lishment.
Mr. NIBLACK. I thought the war still
continued.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I understand the gentle-
man from Massachusetts accepts my amend-
ment to his amendment.
Mr. BUTLER. I accept it if I may do so.
Mr. BLAINE. Mr. Chairman, I was taken
off the floor a little while ago before I had
completed what I had to say. I do not intend
now to say that all the officers in the paragraph
under discussion are absolutely necessary.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
propose an amendment? Debate is exhausted
on the pending one.
Mr. BLAINE. 1 move to amend by strik-
ing out "clerk of pardons." I regard it as
perfectly absurd, to use a strong phrase, when
the business of all the other Departments has
increased three, four, five, and six fold, and
absolutely requires a proportionate addition
of clerical force, to suppose that the execu-
tive department, which isthe head of the whole,
should need no more clerical assistance than
in the days of Madison, as the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. BrrLEii] says. Now, every
one knows that the business of the executive
department has increased enormously of lato. ,
We are called upon in tlie subsequent pages
of the bill to appropriate for an enormous in-
crease over what was required twenty, ten, or
even eight years ago; and I ask any gentleman
if it be at all possible, when all the Depart-
ments have had their clerical force so largely
increased, for the executive head of them all
to get along with precisely the same number
•of secretaries and clerks that he had five years
ago. I think the amendment of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] is wrong.
It is directly in the teeth of the law which we
ourselves, a Republican Congress, enacted only
eighteen months ago.
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Blaine] in my judgment has stated the
case very properly. We cannot reform in this
manner. The President has appointed these
subordinates in pursuance of existing law, the
duties have been performed, and the persons
who have performed theseduties must be paid.
This is simply a proposition to appropriate
money to pay salaries which the acts of Con-
gress have created; to pay subordinates ap-
pointed by the President in pursuance of the
laws of Congress. Now, admitting all the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bctlek] has
said to be true, and admitting to be true what
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kel-
ley] has said with reference to the abuse of
this authority conferred upon the President by
Congress, this is not the way to reach the diffi-
culty. You must first repeal the law of 1866,
and abolish these places before you can refuse
to appropriate the money by which they shall
be paid after they have discharged their duties.
But, sir, I apprehend there is an error in the
statement made by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Keli.ky] to the effect that the
President.ahuses the authority to appoint sub-
ordinates for the purpose of reaching the pub-
lic through the newspapers of the country. I
doubt whether that gentleman will state here
on his own personal knowledge that what he
has asserted this morning is true. I appre-
hend there is no foundation for the statement.
I believe all these persons have discharged
their duties; that none of them have sinecures;
that all of them earn the salaries which we
propose to appropriate money to pay for ; that
the offices are necessary for the conduct of the
business of the executive department, and that
the vast increase of the duties imposed by the
condition of the country upon the President
makes it absolutely necessary that he shall have
this additional clerical force. Why, sir, it is
almost necessary, for the purpose of meeting
the continual assaults made upon him here and
elsewhere, that he should have some clerks to
enable him to conduct his correspondence.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. At the
public expense?
Mr. WOOD. But, sir, the gentleman who
reports this bill is an economist. He never
yet has been known to report in favor of any
proposition or to vote for any proposition for
the unnecessary appropriation of public money.
I will say that to his credit. This bill has
passed through his hands. He has cut down
the amount to the very lowest minimum. We
are bound to assume that every dollar proposed
to be appropriated is absolutely required, and
I hope the gentlemen on the other side of the
House will not, merely because Andrew John-
son is President, seek to embarrass him in the
discharge of his official duties.
Mr. BLAINE. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. KELLEY. I renew it. I desire to
say to the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Wood] and to the House that this is not a
question whether we will appropriate salaries
for officers who have performed duties. The
80th of June, 1868, has not yet arrived. This
bill is making appropriations for the expenses
of the Government from the 30th of June,
1868, to the 30th of June, 1869, and there is
ample time to repeal the law creating these
offices if they exist by virtue of law, before the
80th of June, 1868. It is only a future appro-
priation.
Now, Mr. Chairman, it is proper that I
should say, in response to the gentleman from
