8160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 111,
« are sot worth but seventy cents on the dollar
is an absurdity. The business of the country
• is done on the basis of that circulating medium,
and every credit goes down or goes up to it.
Now, Mr. President, one word in regard to
inflation. I -would not disturb the currency
as it stands. I amgladthatwe stopped con-
traction. It was going on until it had become
almost ruinous. _ Iain not in favor of inflation ;
but I would continue the present state of things
as nearly as possible. I believe that stability
is necessary now to prosperity in this country.
We must have peace in our currency as well
as peace from arms. We must have stability,
and then let industry and development and
growth do the rest.
Now, we have, in my judgment, currency
enough. Business men, however, can under-
jk stand that better than I can ; and I would
have the work of future contraction to go on
at the same time with and as a part of the
work of redemption. If, however, the busi-
ness men of the country should be of the
opinion generally that more currency was re-
quired by the demands of business, it should
be increased accordingly ; for inflation does
not begin until after that point has been passed ;
but I do not understand such to be their opin-
ion. Let me suppose that we shall agree that
we shall redeem on the 1st day of July, 1871.
We have given time for reconstruction; we
have given time for a recurrence of good
crops; we have given time for the develop-
ment of industry everywhere and general re-
turning piosperity. On the day that we begin
to redeem our legal-tender notes, on that day
we add from two hundred and fifty to three
hundred and fifty millions to the currency ;
we inflate it to that amount. How ? All the
gold and silver on that very day become a part
of the volume of the currency. We inflate to
that extent; but it is a legitimate inflation.
Gold and silver now are not, a part of the cur-
rency any more than horses and cattle are-;
they are simply commodities; but the very day
we begin to redeem our legal-tender notes
they become a part of the great volume of the
currency, and we inflate to that amount, but
we contract at the same time as these legal-
tender notes are brought in and destroyed, so
that the work of inflation and the work of
contraction go together. Therefore there will
he then no convulsion, there will be then no
shock, it will all be done quietly; it will be
done almost imperceptibly. The people will
scarcely be aware of the process by which the
legal-tender notes become as good as gold;
and instead of having that universal rush to
the Treasury for gold that some people have
talked about, whenever we begin the work of
redemption, as I said before, there will be no
more demand for gold than there was before
the war, and not nearly as much, because our
bank paper at that time was local in its char-
acter and would not pay debts in distant parts
of the country.
Then, Mr. President, let us go on as evenly
as we can, but let us give this nation assurance
that at some time the Government will redeem
these promises. Let us give the nation assur-
ance that on the 1st of July, 1871, or the 1st
of January, 1871, or at some other time that
may be agreed upon by Congress, we shall
then begin the work of redemption. I want
a gradual process; I want no shock; I want
no panic, no convulsion; I do not want, by
simply taking away legal-tender notes, to bring
down the value and price of everthing suddenly
to the specie level. There is no necessity for
that; and how will the country be benefited by
that process? We withdraw from specic pay-
ments by the medium of legal-tender notes;
we must return by the same road. We cannot
return by the channel ot national bank notes.
The banks can never perform that office for
us ; it must bo done by the Government, anil
it must be done simply by an honest perform-
ance of our promises to pay. It is not a
mysterious, involved, intricate system of finance
that I would recommend ; 1 am incapable of
conceiving such a plan ; but it is the dtraighl-
forward, direct performance of what we prom-
ised to do; and as we cannot perform that
duty, and the whole world knows it, let us fix
the earliest time when we can do it; let us
assure those who hold our paper that on a
certain day we will redeem that paper; let them
prepare for it; let the Government prepare
for it; let the whole world get ready fpr it; and
it will come easily; it will come without a jar;
it will come without trouble to the country.
Now, Mr. President, I will answer the con-
cluding part of the question of the Senator
from Oregon in regard to redemption by the
national banks. -Referring to the promises I
have pointed out, the national banks then come
to redeem with perfect ease, because the same
process that enables the Government to do it
brings to them the ability to do it; and the
ability to pay in specie by the banks and by
everybody returns by this imperceptible, it
may be somewhat protracted course, that I
have pointed out by which the general cur-
i ency of the country, the standard currencyby
which all values are now measured, becomes
equal to gold. At present the legal-tender
notes are not the standard of value ; they are
only the standard of prices. Gold is as much
the standard of value to-day as it ever was. I
can take $7,01)0 in gold and buy as much prop-
erty with it as I can with $10,000 in legal-
tender notes. The increased price paid by
the notes simply indicates the measure of
depreciation. Gold is the standard of value,
and paper is the standard of price ; but when
gold and greenbacks approach each other and
become of the same value the greenback
becomes equally the standard of value as does
gold ; they are convertible ; and then we shall
have such currency as will afford relief to the
whole country without that convulsion of which
so many have stood in dread. As legal-tender
notes become the standard of value as well as
the standard of price the holders of those
notes are benefited along with the whole coun-
try far more than by the inflation of the cur-
rency, as the Senator from Ohio would indi-
cate. That does not benefit anybody but the
speculators. If I have §10,000 in legal-tender
notes to-day, they are worth only §7,000 in
gold ; treating it as discount and not as pre-
mium, they arc simply worth seventy cents on
the dollar, which is a discount of thirty per
cent. By the process I indicate these notes
gradually appreciate in value until they be-
come equal to $10,000 in gold, which their
face calls for. I am just as much benefited as
if the Government had issued an additional
§3,000 to me gratuitously, and kept those
notes at their present value, and in fact more,
because from being worth only $7,000 in gold
they are worth $10,000.
A great many people have the idea that you
can make money plenty by simply issuing it in
large quantities, and a great many think it
ought then to be distributed per capita or in
some other way by which everybody should
have some. A gradual appreciation of the
legal-tender notes, a gradual return to their
original value being as good as gold, the re-
demption of them, it seems to me, solves the
whole financial problem. What becomes,
then, of your question about paying the bonds
in greenbacks or in gold ? As soon as the legal-
tender notes become as good as gold, that
question is gone; that thing which troubles
politicians so much disappears and a thousand
othe'r questions go along with it. There are
so many benefits to result from this process
that it seems to me it ought to be the first
thing to bo looked to by the Congress of the
United States. But, sir, hero is a bill that I
must say looks to me like a dodge. It does
not furnish enough relief to the southern States
to amount to much, but it is an excuse for not
doing anything toward the main thing which
ought to be attended to, which would do more
| to give confidence and restore the value of our
j currency than anything else, and that is to take
j some direct step, to give some direct assurance
| that this Government will at a certain time
I redeem its legal-tender notes in gold.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, the
Senator from Indiana has given us si great
deal of sound doctrine. I agree with bits
fully in his statement of the good consequences
that would result from returning to specie pay-
ments. I do not see but that hia whole, argo-
ment as to the mode comes to the same result
that mine does. I propose to return to specie
payments at an indefinite period in the future;,
as soon as it cau be done without derangement
of the business of the country by attempting
to do too much. The Senator sai's, no, that
will make a very great trouble; and he pro-
poses to fix a time ahead, say 1871, .and say
that at that time we will retimi to specie pay-
ments. I shall be glad if we can get back to
them by that period. But now I want to ask
him how he proposes to do it. He says save
your gold. Well, how are you to save your
gold? By procuring something else in wbieb
topay your debts as they accrue, support the Gov-
ernment, pay your interest, pay all demands.
That is the only way you can do it. How are
you to procure that? Is there any royal road
to it? I know of no other way than by taxa-
tion. Your money is raised in that way, either
through customs indirectly, or by direct taxa-
tion in the form of internal revenue. la order to
accomplish this purpose of resuming specie
payments in 1871 the Senator must be able to
pay all the expenses of this Government of all
kinds, and to lay up a surplus to meet that
contingency. Is there any other mode? I
know of none other.
Now, what is my proposition? I propos®
to return to specie payments, say in 1871, and
how do I propose to do it? By retiring our
notes gradually, say $4,000,000 a month, if
you please. But how am I to do that? In no
way but by taxation, getting enough surplusrev-
enue to enable me to do it without increasing
the debt of the country, for neither of us pro-
poses to do that.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to point out the distinction?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. Redeeming at the end of
a certain time, say July, 1871, and going on to
retire these notes at the rate of $4,000,000 a
month, makes all the difference in the world.
Why ? We tried it at the rate of $4,000,000 a
month, and it was simply a reduction, of the
whole volume of currency. We retired at the
rate of $4,000,000 a. month, and we did not
thereby add any gold or silver to the currency.
Gold and silver were still commodities. But
when you come to the work of not retiring
your circulation by buying it up or destroying
it in the way pointed out, but redeeming it on
a fixedday, on that very day you add all the gold
and silver in the laud to the whole volume of
curren'cy ; they become part of the currency
of the nation, and instead of a contraction
there is actually an inflation, and a large infla-
tion, which is only to be counteracted by the
contraction growing out of the notes you redeem
and take out of circulation. But while the
process goeson of retiring $4,000,000a month,
and before the time when you redeem, the gold
and silver are no more a part of the currency
of the country than they are to-day, and they
never can be until the Government actually
does what it said it would do, redeem its
legal-tender notes in gold.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator's ideas
are incomprehensible to me. I do not know
that the currency is to be made currency of
gold and silver by the Government's laying up
gold and putting it into eirculatioa in large
quantities. That must be a gradual process
which takes place consequent upon the with-
drawal of paper. When a certain kind of cur-'
rency is withdrawn which takes the place of
gold and silver, gold and silver replace it by
the natural course of business ; and as you go
on withdrawing from the volume of the eur
rency so much paper, the idea is that gold and
silver, in the comse of the business of the
country flow in naturally to supply the vacancy
thus cieated ; whereas the Senator's fiuancial
scheme is to let the Government run in debt,
