2136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
- ^r; be it further enacted, That section
XJnio°i V° "i0niifl(;tl an(l amended that the
1° Railroad Company, the Central Pacific
i>e?l tn n-lrt0;?in5?y•• "h® any otl,or 00I"Pany aulhor-
miv ;« ,?  il -pl  a tbe construction of said road, :
. m 'heir first mortgage bonds on their respevt-
rr0  ia tc'c^'raPh lines to an amount not
iKfi i'.Wh ® amount of the bonds of the United .
btates authorized to be issued to said railroad com-
pames respectively. And the lien of the United
btates bondsshail be subordidatoto that of the bonds
ot any or either ot said companies hereby author- i
ized to be issued on tbeir respective road*, property, ;
and equipments. And said section is further amended 1
by striking out the word * forty' and inserting in lieu
tiiereot the words *ou each and every section of not
lets than twenty.'
" Now. it will be roeolleetcd that the fifth section
ot the existing law provides for the repayment of
tne bonds issued to the company, and declares that
tue issue and delivery of tliein to the company all
ipso/acta constitute a first mortgage on tho whoio
line ot road and telegraph, together with the roiling
stock. 1 his was the security which Congress hud a
right to demand of any company that should bi« or-
ganized. it was its duty to require it, utiles it was
intended to surrender everything and place the moj-t
gigantic interests at the ieet ot the companywitliout
control and without challenge. We donated, as I
have before stated, millions upon millions of acres
ot the public lands for this purpose ; then wc agreed
to give our bonds lor tho amount, with the interest
thereon, of $96,000,000, and if Congress had required
less than a first mortgage as its security it would, in
my judgment, have been deiclict in duty to tho
country, whose interests in this regaid it can alone
protect.
/' What is now proposed by this amendment ? I de-
mand that gentlemen shall look at it; let the mirror
beheld up to nature. Nothing let;s than that the
Government, with its liability of ahundred millions,
shall relinquish itb first mortgage and subordinate
its hen to the liens of all the companies created for
building tho road. The bonds of the United States
are to be issued to tho company, and the Govei mncnt
is to have no prior lien for its security ; but by this
provision the company, lepresenting as it may but one
per cent, or a little overot the amount that the Gov-
ernment^ liable for, is to subordinate that Govern-
ment to its own interests, raise money on theseennty
of the means that the Government has furnished,
give a first mortgage for the security of that money,
and leave the United States as a second moitgdgee,
obliged to payoff the fu^t mortgage before it c:m he
in a position to take advantage of any sfeuimty then-
migtitby possibility be as a second mortgagee. IJut
who is wild enough to believe that, should the put-
visions of this section become a law, the remaining
security of the Government will be worth a stiaw ?
It is worse than idle to contend that we shall have
any security left lor ail our liability if this bill shall
pass. And further, by the fifth section of the law
bonds cannot be issued till forty consecutive miles
ot tho road are fully completed and equipped. It is
now proposed by this tenth section tostrikeout forty
and make it twenty. This company, not content
with snatching from the Government the ^ecunfy it
now holds for the bonds it issues, cannot even wait
to finish the forty miles of road at present required
before grabbing what is proposed to put into their
hands, but they must cut it down so I hat they can go
in on twenty miles. Sir, on my responsibility as a
Representative, i pronounce this as the moat mon-
stiousand flagrant attempt to oven each the Gov-
ernment and the people that can b-- found in all the
legislative annals of tho country. When we look at
the original law with all its liberal and ju^t provis-
ions, when wo look at the company organi/.cd under
it and sec how far it has failed to meet its proper ob-
ligations, and consider the extraordinary amend-
ments here proposed, arc we not filled with astoniMi-
mcnt at what is demanded of us as the guardian^ of
the people's rights? Indeed may we now exclaim:
" 'Can such things be,
And overcome us like a summer's cloud,
Without our special wonder? '"
I desire here to state, in justice to my dis-
tinguished friend from Iowa, [Mr. Wilsox,]
that he proposed an amendment to the bill
which was adopted, and which in effect s<'eurul
the lien provided in the sixth section of tho not
of 1802, notwithstanding the provision of" Ui«s
bill declaring the k&ftds issued to the company
a first lien upon thfc^oad.
After closing my speech the gentleman from
Fovva, [Mr. Price,] from the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad, replied to mo with his
usual vehemence and zeal, justifying the bill,
and urging with all his power its adoption by
the House. He was followed by the distin-
guished. gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens,] both gentlemen addressing most of
their remarks in reply to the observations I had
the honor to submit, the gentleman from Iowa
alluding to a conversation he had overhenrd
between some gentlemen near him, in which it
was said that if the things I had charged against
the bill were true "it ought not to pass."
But. it did pass.
Final Iv, before the close of that evening ses-
sion, the" amendment of the gentleman from
Indiana requiring that the property and troops
of the Government transported over this road
should be carried free of charge came up for
action. The gentleman from Indiana expressed
the hope that as it was ten o'clock a vote should
not be taken until there should be a fuller
House.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania replied
that the House was full enough, and as gentle
men understood the amendment they might as
well dispose of it now as at any other time.
And the House did dispose of that amendment,
so reasonable, so proper, and so just, by reject-
ing it, by a vote of 3D yeas to 82 nays/as follows:
44 Ykas—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen,
Ancoua, Aui;u.-'tus C. Baldwiu, John X>. Baldwin,
Baxter, Cobb. OoiFrotii, Cravens, Dawson, Denison,
Eden, Edgerton, Eldridge, I^arnsworth, Finek, Hale,
Harding, Merrick, Holm an, Philip Johnson, William
Johnson, Knapp, Marey, Middlcton, James II. Mor-
ris, Nelson, Norton. Orth, Pike. Samuel J. Kandall,
Stiles,Thayer, Thomas,Tracy, Elihu B. Washburne,
Wheeler, Chilton A. White, and Williams—o'J.
" Nays—Messrs.Alley, Allison, Ames, Arnold, Ash-
ley, Beaiinin, III air. Blow, Boutwell. Boyd, -Brooks,
Broom.ill, Ainbioso \V. Clark, Cole, Thomas T. Da-
vis, D.lives, Dixon, Domiellj, Driggs, Eekley, Kliot,
English, Eenton. Frank, Gaiison. Guitiehl. Gooc-h,
Glider, UriswoUl, .Benjamin (!. Harris, lligby,
llooper, llotehkiss, Asaiiel \Y\ Hubbard, John 11.
ilubbard. Ingersoll, Julian, Kasson.Kelley, Fianeis
\V. Kellogg, Knox. Bonn, Longyear, Man in, Mc-
Bride, McCliug,.Samuel F. Milici, Moorhead, Daniel
Morris, Morrison, Amos ei.-, Leonard Myei>, No-
ble, Udell, Charles O'Neill, Per ham, Pomeroy, Pi iee,
Alexander 11. Riee, John 11. Rice, Edward 11, Rol-
lins, James S. Rollins, lloss, Sehetiek, Scott, Shan-
non, Sloan, Sniitheis, John B. Steele. William G.
Steele, Stevens, Stuart, Sweat, Upson, Van Yalken-
bnrgli. Walworth. Ward, William li. Washburn,
AYhaley, Wilder, Wilson, Wuidom, and Willtiekl—
Sj."—( ntif/rrtisiuHul Glohe, vol. o3, p. ol'lti.
] wish the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Pkkmo]
could have lnid ail opportunity to explain to
the House and to (lie country his reasons for
\oting against an amendment of that kind after
having given this company the enormous sub-
sidies and untold millions of acres of land,
equal to twice the area of Great Britain and
Ireland. I wish lie could have given a reason
for not imposing that condition upon this rail-
road company when it had been imposed on
every other railroad built by a grant of land.
On the 22d of June the House again resumed
the consideration of this bill, and the gentle-
man from Iowa [Mr. \Vu.soxj got on an amend-
ment for a grant of laud for the Burlington and
Missouri lliver Uailroad Company. A long
discussion followed on many of the provisions
of the bill, participated in by Mr. Sweat, of
Maine, a member of the Pacific Railroad Com-
mittee, and by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Pruyv,] who, though connected with the
building of the road, was not satisfied with the
bill, with that .sense of honor which belongs to
him, refused to vote, furnishing an example
that mi;;lit well be followed.
On the 2Jth of .Innc ( Con^rr^'siunai Globe,
volume ."to. page 111 1 moved to .strikeout
the tenth section, which prowded that the
Union Paeilic Railroad Company, the Central
i'acilie Railroad Company, and any other com-
pany authorized to participate in the construc-
tion of said road, might issue the lirst mortgage
bonds of their respective railroad and telegraph
lines to an amount not exceeding the amount
of the bonds of the United States authorized
to lie issued to said railroad companies respect-
ively, and that the lieu of United States bonds
should be subordinated to that of the bonds of
any or either of said companies which were
thereby authorized to be issued by said rail-
road companies on their respective roads, prop-
erty, or equipments; and which provided, fur-
ther, that the fifth section of tho original act
should be further amended by striking out
"forty" and inserting in lieu thereof''on each
and every section of not less than twenty."
And other startling provisions were in the bill
doubling the amount of land, making a grant
amounting to more than double the area of
Great Britain and Iieiand, as I have before
said. Upon that amendment the yeas and nays
were ordered, and that section, thus subordin-
ating the security of the United States to that
of these companies was retained, and the amend-
ment rejected by a vote of ISM to SI :
" Yeas—Messrs. Aneona, Arnold, liailey, John D.
Baldwin, Boutwcl!, Cobb, Creowell, Daw.-ou, Den-
ison, Eden, Edgerton, Farnsworth, Hale, Hardin?,
Harrington, Merrick, Hoiman, William Johnson,
Orlando Kellogg, Kernan, Law, Morcy, McDowell,
Morrison, Nelson, John O'Neill, Orth, Rogers, Ed-
ward H. Rollins, Scofield, Sioan, Spalding, Stiles,
Thayer, Tracy, Upson, Elihu B. Washburne, and
Joseph "W. White—38.
"Nays—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson,Ashley,
Baxter, Bearnan, Blaine, Blair, Blow, Boyd, Brooks,
Broomall, Ambrose W. Clark, Cole, ThomasT. Davis,
Dawes, Demi rig, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Eekley,
Eldridge, Eliot, English, I'mck, (.looch, (iriswold,
Benjamin Cr. Harris, Higby, Hotchkiss, Asahel W.
Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, liulburd, Julian, Kel-
ley, Francis Wr. Kellogg, Knapp, Knox, LeBlond,
Jb'.ttlejohn, Long, Longyear, Marvin, MeBride, Me-
Clurg, Samuel F. Miller, Morrill, Daniel Morris,
James It. Morris, Amos Myeis. Leonard Myers,
Noble, Norton, Charles O'Neill, Perham, Pomeroy,
Price, Samuel J. Randall, John H. lliec, James S.
Rollins, Ross, Schenck, Scott, Shannon, Sinit.hers,
John li. Steele, William G. Steele, Stevens, Stuart,
Sweat, Van Valkenburgh, Ward, William B. Wash-
burn, Webster, Whaley, W'heelei, Williams, Wilson,
Windom, W'intield, undHenjamin Wood—81."—Can-
yrefwional Globe, vol. 53, page o:M4.
The previous question having been ordered
and the bill having passed to its third reading,
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holma.nj
called for the reading of the engrossed bill,
which resulted in postponing its linal passage
until Monday, June ^5. The bill was on that
day brought again before the House and was
passed by a vote of 70 to 38 ; which vote is re-
corded in the Congressional Globe, volume
lifty-three, page 15207 ; as follows :
" Yeas—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Ashley, Augustus
C.Baldwin, lieauiau,Blame, lila'r, Blow, Brandegee,
Brooks, William G. Brown, Ambrose W. Clark, Coi-
li'Oth, Cole, Creswell,"Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Dra-
ins, Dixon, Donnelly, linot, English, fc'enton, Gar-
field, Guywold, Hale, iiigbi. Hooper, Acahel \\\
llubbaid, John 11. Hubbard, ilulbmd, Jenekes, J u-
liun, Kalblleisch, Orlando Kellogg, Knox, Litttejulm,
Loan, Longy ear, Marvin, MeBrnie, MeCluig, Moor-
head, Mori ill, Momsoii, Amos Myeis, Noble,Odeil,
Charles O'Neill, Patteisoil,Perham,Pomeroy, Ptic",
J ohn 11. lliee, Ross,Schenek, Shannon, Sloan, Stmt ii-
er.-, John 13. Steele, William G. Steel'-, Stev ns,
Stuart. Sweat. Thayer. Upson, Webster,Wilson,Win-
dom, and Benjamin Wood—70.
"Nays—Messrs. Aucona, Bailey, Bliss, Boutwell,
Chandler, Dawson, Demson, Eden,Edgerton, Gooeh,
Glider, liardmg, Harrington, Benjamin G. Harris,
Hoiman, Philip Johnson, Kernan, Knapp, Law, Le
Blond, Mallory, Maiey, McDowell,MeKinney, John
O'Neill, Orth, Liadlord, Robinson, Borers. Edward
11. Rollins, iScofield, Sfiles, Thomas. Elihu B. Wash-
burne, William B. Washburn, Chilton A. Wlnte,
Joseph W.White, and Fernando Wood—38."
The members of the present Congress who
voted for the bill were as follows: Allison of
Iowa, Ames of Massachusetts, Ashley of Ohio,
Baldwin of Massachusetts, Beaman of Mich-
igan, Blaine of Maine, Brooks of Xcw York,
Dawes of Massachusetts, Dixon of Rhode
Island, Donnelly of Minnesota, Eliot of Massa-
chusetts, Garliehl of Ohio, Griswold of N\ w
York, Iligby of California, llooper of Massa-
chusetts, Hubbard of Iowa, Jenekes of Rhode
Island, Julian of Indiana, Loan of Missouri,
Marvin of New York, McClurg of Missouri,
Moorhead of Pennsylvania, O'Neill of Penn-
sylvania, Perham of Maine, Pomeroy of Xew
York, Price of Iowa, Itoss of Illinois, Schenck
of Ohio, Stevens of Pennsylvania, Upson of
Michigan, Wilson of Ohio, and Windom of
Minnesota.
Those members of the present Congress who
voted in the negative were as follows: Boutwell
of Massachusetts, Chanler of New Yoik, Hoi-
man of Indiana, Orth of Indiana, Scolield of
Pennsylvania, Washburne of Illinois, Wash-
burn of Massachusetts, and Fernando Wood
of New York.
The bill then went to the Senate and came
back with amendments upon which a commit-
tee of conference was ordered. On the 1st of
July the committee of conference reported,
bringing in such new matter as would, in my
opinion, be in violation of every rule which
governs committees of conference in legislative
bodies. Gentlemen by turning to the Globe,
volume fifty-three, page 3480, will see that the
new matter so introduced covers nearly a page
ot nonpareil. And this report, changing so
materially the bill as acted upon by the House
and Senate, was gagged through; the opponents .
of the measure were not permitted to have it
printed and postponed, so that they could see
what it was. I struggled in vain for the print-
ing of the report and for its delay until the
members of the House could have au oppor-
