1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3161
to expend all its energies in laying up in the
Treasury immense amounts of gold and silver
to take up all this paper at once., There is the
difference between his system and mine.
As I said before, you must found them both
U[)on the same idea, and that is upon the idea
of taxation. You must have a surplus revenue,
unless you run in debt constantly, in order to
accomplish this purpose. If you do not pro-
pose to increase your debt you must have a
surplus revenue. What does the Senator pro-
pose to do with it? Turn it into gold and put
it into the Treasury and keep it there. What
do I propose to do with it? Take your paper
up regularly, gradually. Does the Senator
imagine that tlie business of this country is not
to be more disturbed by one great sweeping
operation, a change at one moment, substituting
immense quantities of gold for paper, than by
doing it gradually from year to year and month
to month ?
Mr. MORTON. ^ I desire to ask the Senator
a question, with his permission.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator proposes,
instead of disposing of the gold that day,
to take up the paper gradually. Will he take
it up at its face or buy it up in the market; and
if he buys it up in the market, I want to know
how much credit that gives to the Government,
when it buys up its own paper at a discount,
instead of redeeming it ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. We do not propose any
Such thing. The Senator is running after
shadows, he will permit me to say. The
greenbacks flow into the national Treasury
from year to year, and fiom month to month.
If there is more than we have occasion to pay
out, all we have to do is to cancel them, and
there is an end of them, and we retire them
just as we put them out, in the same way.
Mr. MORTON. And selling gold?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Sellinggoldifneeessary
to meet anything. If we have more gold than
we have occasion to use, and we can afford to
contract faster than the limit fixed, we may use
it in that, way if we please ; but the Senator
■was for stopping that course. However correct
his doctrine may be, however sound the doc-
trine he may lay down, when lie comes to act
he says, " Stop contraction ; keep everything as
it is now ; let the currency be expanded; let
prices be high ; let everything be irregular ;
have nothing fixed, nothing stable; have 110
system from now till 1871 or 1875, as the case
may be ; let the country suffer under all these
evils, from want of a system, and from the want
of perceiving that we have any."
Suppose the Senator's plan is carried out,
and the Government says to-day that in 1871
it will redeem its notes, do you suppose tlie peo-
ple will not be looking to see whether you will
be able to redeem in 1871? Unless they pre-
pare for it, and prepare for it precisely in the
way I suggest, by taxation and having a sur-
plus revenue to meet it, when that time comes
they will be just as badly off as they are to-day,
no nearer to redemption in 1871 than they are
now in 1868. The thing is not to be done by
an act of Congress, unless that act of Congress
points to some regular mode of accomplishing
the purpose. As t stated before, there is only
one way, and that is to get the money over
and above what you use for necessary expenses
of the Government, and appropriate it to that
purpose. The Senator has abandoned the
idea of a gradual approach to it, and says he
will have nothing gradual; that all shall be
done upon one and the same day, and by an
act of Congress. If that is the course adopted,
and he does nothing toward preparing for it,
when that day comes he will be as badly off
as he is to day ; he will be in precisely the
same condition, and the country will be as
badly off as it is to-day.
Sir, it cannot be accomplished in that way.
The Senator says you cannot do anything by
obliging the banks to redeem, or putting the
responsibility upon the banks. Who talks of
putting it upon the banks? Nobody. 1 say that
wUeu the Government pays in specie, the banks
must pay in specie then, or within a short time
afterward, because what they hold as reserve
will then be equivalent to specie. At present,
so long as there are greenbacks enough, green-
backs take the place of specie in the banks;
but when they are withdrawn, the banks must
redeem in gold or wind up. That is a necessity
that follows. I would give them time to prepare
for it, give them notice, have it gradual, let
everybody understand what is to come and be
approaching it; not fix some definite period in
the future when we must return to a most hal-
cyon state and yet do nothing to accomplish it.
Sir, you cannot do it in that way.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, to me, as
a business man, it seems very plain that if I
was doing a business of $100,000,000 a year,
and I should put out my paper bearing no in-
terest, commonly called "shinplasters," and
say to my workmen " take these at par," and
they should go with those notes to purchase
flour and should find that for a barrel of flour
which they could purchase for ten dollars in
gold they had to pay fourteen dollars in my
shinplasters, I should have to pay them forty
per cent, more for their labor than I should if
gold were my currency, becSuse they would
require that much more to enable them to live.
A man who is doing business of §100,000,000
a year in that way must necessarily pay
$140,000,000 for what he would liave to pay
$100,000,000 for if he was operating upon a
gold basis. If he went and borrowed that
$100,000,000 for thatyearwhat would hepay?
He would pay six per cent, per annum—
§6,000,000. But he is a coward, and he says,
"I will not increase my debt $100,000,000;
I will not make myself liable for that; but 1
will give my due bills, which bear no interest,
and which are at a discount of forty per cent.;
I will pay those out to my employes, and con-
sequently everything they produce for me will
cost me just forty per cent, more than it would
if I borrowed the $100,000,000 and paid in-
terest on that and paid them in gold directly."
So we hesitate, are afraid to borrow one or two
hundred million dollars, which would enable us
to return to specie payments. What would be
the result if we borrowed one or two hundred
million dollars? We should pay simply the
interest upon that sum, whereas we are now
constantly paying forty per cent, on everything.
If we export $100,000,000 of our bonds this
year we sell what we ought to get $100,000,000
for for about $70,000,000, and we consequently
lose $30,000,000 on that operation; whgreas
if we paid $6,000,000 interest we should save
this immense depreciation ; we should place
ourselves upon a cash basis, and we should
simply be paying the interest for the time being
and would bring everything to a gold standard.
Consequently we should be enabled to ship
more products out of the country at a gold
standard than we should if gold were at forty
per cent, premium, because no man is going
to sell what cost him $1,400,000 for $1,000,000
and send it to Europe trusting to get $1,500,000.
He says, " I do not know whether I shall get
the extra $400,000 or not when my return
comes from Europe in the shape of goods; 1
may not be able to get more than $l,:j00,000;
a change in the relative value of gold and
paper in the mean time may cause me to lose
$100,000."
The only solution to this problem is that
we have either got to tax the people sufli-
ciently to reduce the volume of legal tenders
to a hundred and fifty or two hundred and
fifty million dollars; so that we can give
notice that 011 a given day, as my friend lrom
Indiana says, we shall resume specie pay-
ments and prepare for that day, or we must
take up gradually our notes and let capitalists
and the people see that we are taking them in.
When they see gold increasing in the Treasury
and currency diminishing, they will say, "The
Government intends to resume specie pay-
ments; she is decreasing her currency, and
increasing her gold." Continue this coarse,
and you will soon have money 011 hand with
which to pay your greenbacks dollar for dollar,
and the result will be that you will have very
little demand for your gold.' Then in a few-
years, coufidence being once more restored,
the banks will take the same position; the
Government stocks will be'worth dollar fox.
dollar in gold, because you will have returned
to specie payments; the banks holding Gov-
ernment stocks to secure the circulation of
their notes will be worth dollar for dollar
in gold. When the people see that if they
present their currency for redemption they
can get gold, when they know that bank notes
are secured by gold-bearing stocks on which
they can get gold any day, they will not be in
any hurry to present their notes. So it has
been, and will be again. In that way the banks
can return to specie payments as well as the
Government.
That looks to me to be the only sensible
way in which we can accomplish it. But we
say we will not tax the people $6,000,000 a
year to save $30,000,000 a year to the Gov-
ernment and to our people. If we save these
$30,000,000 in our exchanges, would not that
amount be in circulation among the people?
1 say that it would. If you pay to Frankfort
$0,000,000 interest you get in return $100,-
000,000 in gold, which would enable you to
return to specie payments; and then whatever
you send out of the country you send out at
par, at the gold value, and the consequence
would be that you would be enabled to export
more out of the country besides getting dollar
for dollar for your bonds, and in that way you
would return to specie payments, and you never
will return to specie payments until you tax
the people sufficient to retire the legal-tenders
to a sufficient point to enable you to say to
everybody, " Bring on your legal tenders and
we will pay you dollar for dollar; we have the
gold to meet them." When people find that
you have the gold to pay them with they will
not want it. You must bring the legal tenders
down to that point that you show your ability
to redeem them, and then you will be on a
specie basis; and until that time arrives, if you
do not tax the people, if you are not willing to
tax them, you will never reach it. I am Iree
to say that I would rather pay $6,000,000 a
year interest than lose $30,000,000 in the ex-
portation of our bonds to pay the balauco of
trade against us. That is the simple result of
the whole plan. We shall not improve our
position if we are not willing or brave enough
to stand up and say that we will tax the people
$6,000,000, but that we will constantly go on,
like a man who is doing a losing business all
the time and has not the pluck to say I will
borrow $100,000,000 with which to pay my
debts; I will put myself on a gold basis,
and I will pay everybody in gold instead of
paying the $140,000,000 which it would cost
me if I do not borrow the $100,000,000." As
long as you continue in this position when you
have forty per cent, per annum on gold, every-
thing being based on that, no one will send
products out of the country instead of gold;
the only things that go abroad are gold and
United States bonds, and the products of the
country are kept at borne and eaten up. If a
man has a surplus lie is not going to sell what
cost him $140,000 for $100,000 and send it out
of the country ; he will hold it until next year,
and then if he cannot sell it lie will eat it up;
and you do eat it up, you consume it within
yourselves, you do not ship it out of the coun-
try. That is the consequence of the present
state of things.
It seems to me, and it has seemed to me for
a long time, that if you borrow enough money
to place yourselves on a specie basis you save
a great deal in the end. In this way you can
get sufficient gold in the Treasury to pay a large
amount, of the legal tenders and bring the vol-
ume of them within easy reach. When you do
that, the banks will resume specie payments.
Look at the condition of the banks to-day;
look at the banks of Lhe city of New York;
take the Bank of Commerce, the Bank ot New
York, the American Exchange Bank, the lead-
ing banks there, most of the responsible banks
