1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1113
architect, $2,000; for two clerks of class four, $3,600:
for lour clerks of class three, $0,400; for two clerks of
class one, 42.400; and one messenger, $720; in all,
$18,120; M.nd the clause in act of March 14.1864, pro-
viding for the officers, clerks, and messengers in the
construction branch of the Treasury Department, is
hereby declared tocontinue inforce until July 1,1869,
and no longer.
Mr. SPALDING. I mov.e to amend by strik-
ing out in the paragraph just read the iollovv-
ing:
And the clause in act of March 14,1864, providing
for the officers, clerks, and messengers in the con-
struction branch of the Treasury Department, is
hereby declared to continue in force until July 1,
1869, and no longer.
I understand that the effect of this clause is
to abolish entirely the construction branch of
the Treasury Department after .Tilly 1, 1869.
Is not that the fact? 1 ask the acting chair-
man of the committee, [Mr. Washburne, of
Illinois.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suppose
the gentleman understands the clause precisely
as it roads.
Mr. SPALDING. I understand the pro-
vision as repealing the whole law regulating
this branch of the Treasury Department, and
to that I object.
Mr. BLAINE. Without the insertion of this
provision that branch of the Department would
be dead at the end of this fiscal year. It only
lives by virtue of this insertion.
The amendment was not agreed to; there
being—ayes ten, noes not counted.
The Clerk read as follows:
For compensation of the Second Auditor, chief
clerk, six clerks of class four, fifty-four clerks of class
three, one hundred and eight clerks of class two, two
hundred and twelve clerks of class one, also one clerk
of class two and one clerk of class one, (transferred
from the Third Auditor's office,) one messenger, five
assistant messengers, and seven laborers, in all,
$520,640; and the clause-of the act of March 14,1864,
authorizing fifteen clerks of class three, fifty clerks
of class two, and one hundred and forty clerks of class
one, in the office of the Second Auditor ot the Treas-
ury, is hereby continued in force until the 30th day
of June, 1869, and no longer.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I move to
amend the paragraph just read by inserting
after the provision for the clerks of class one
the words "also fifty extra clerks in bounty
division and also by striking out "twenty"
and inserting "forty," so as to pake the aggre-
gate amount of the appropriation $540,640.
Mr. BEAMAN. I rise to a point of order
that there is no law for this.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
amendment f*> be in order.
Mr. BLAINE. I wish to say in regard to
the amendment of the gentleman from Indiana
that if the Senate concur with the House in
ordering those clerks there are two or three
appropriation bills on which this provision
■will be more appropriate. This bill is for the
regular list of clerks, and these are temporary
clerks, and would be better provided for in
the miscellaneous appropriation bill or the
deficiency appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. And this
appropriates money only after the 30th of Junc
next.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I want the
clerks, and do not care exactly where they are
provided for. I withdraw my amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
For compensation of tho Treasurer of the United
States, Assistant, Treasurer, cashier, assistant cash-
ier, five chiefs of division, two principal bookkeepers,
two tellers, one chicf elerk, two assistant tellers,
fifteen clerks of class four, fifteen clerks of class
three eleven clerks of class two, nine cleiks ot class
one, sixtv female clerks, fifteen messengers, five male
and seven female laborers, employed in his oluee;
in all, $191,416.
Mr. HIGBY. I move to strike out ""$191,-
416" and insert in lieu thereof "$188,880."
Why appropriate more money for this year than
for the last? .
Mr. BLAINE. I do not think the gentle-
man is exactly correct.in the paragraph he
refers to.
Mr. HIGBY. Yes, sir, I am.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Iheapount
appropriated by this bill is ''£>191,410: pre-
cisely theamount estimated forin the estimates.
The amountappropriatedlastyearwas " §188,-
880." The difference is because of the in-
crease of some salaries.
Mr. BLAINE. Twenty per cent, on fourteen
messengers.
Mr. HIGBY, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
For paper, special dies, printing circulating notes,
express charges, and all expenses necessarily in-
curred in procuring the ^arae, in above office, $100,000.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move the follow-
ing to come in after that as a separate para-
graph ;
That each night watchman at the Treasury De-
partment shall, from the 1st day of July, 1867, receive
a compensation of $900 per annum; and an amount
sufficient to pay said increased compensation for the
fiscal year ending Juno 30,1868, is hereby appropri-
ated.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
a point of order, that the amendment is not in
order, as it changes the existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Cliair overrules the
point of order. The same point has been made
several times and has been overruled.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I believe these men
are the poorest paid men in the service of the
Governmentat Washington: these night watch-
men, who perform twelve to fifteen hours of
labor and get only $720 a year. I hope the
amendment will be agreed to.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. LOGAN. I wish to call attention to
the fact whether the computation in the follow-
ing is correct:
For compensation of the Solicitor of the Treasury,
assistant solicitor, chicf clerk, one clerk of class four,
three clerks of class three, three clerks of class two,
tone of which transferred from the Third Auditor's
office,) one clerk of class one, one messengcr.andono
laborer, employed in his office; in all, $22,100.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We have
taken the figures and have not gone over them
ourselves. If the gentleman has found an
error I hope it will be corrected.
Mr. SCHENCK. I want to come to the
defense of the committee's arithmetic. The
solicitor has $4,000; assistant solicitor, $3,000;
chief clerk, $2,500; one $1,800 elerk, three
$1,600, three $1,400, one $1,200, and one
messenger and one laborer make it up.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 have no
doubt it is correct.
The Clerk read as follows :
For Commissioner of Internal Revenue, three
deputy commissioners, one solicitor, seven heads of
divisions, thirty-four clerks of class four, forty-fivo
clerks of class three, fifty clerks of class two, thirty-
seven clerks of classone, fifty-five female clerks, five
messengers, three assistant messengers. and_ fifteen
laborers, employed in his office; in all, §349,450.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to strike out "one
solicitor," because there is no solicitor and
never has been.
Mr. BLAINE. There has been one in form.
At different times various competent gentle-
men have performed the duties of solicitor.
The act of June 13, 1866, which reorganised
the Department of Internal Revenue, especi-
ally provides for a solicitor at a salary of $4,000.
If the solicitor is not appointed he does not
draw the money. If he is appointed he will
need it. That is the whole of it.
Mr. LOGAN. Well, sir, I state^ to the
House that there has not been a solicitor of
internal revenue appointed. I ajn opposed to
appropriating money for an office that does
not exist. If it is the intention of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to refuse to carry out the
law for the appointment of a solicitor, merely
in order that he may employ lawyers outside
that cannot be confirmed, I am opposed to it.
I know there are attorneys in this city employed
by the Secretary of the Treasury without any
authority of law whatever, and to that I am
opposed. But if the gentleman knows any
lawyer that is employed by the revenue depart-
ment 
Mr. BLAINE. I do not know any.-
Mr. LOGAN. Then why did you say there
is one?
Mr. BLAINE. I beg pardon. I said there
had been one—speaking in the past tense.
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman may be very
correct in his grammar. I do not know whether
there had been or not, but I know there is none
now ; and the reason I put the inquiry to my
friend was that if he knew of any attorney that
had been employed by the Department I would
like to learn his name. I know there are gen-
tlemen employed in this city whose names are
not given either on the roll or in any other
way, and yet sometimes payment is made with-
out the knowledge of members of this House
or of anybody else as to where the money goes.
I am opposed to it. If they desire an attorney
let him be appointed under and by virtue of
the law as it stands on the statute-book.
Mr. BLAINE. Does the gentleman under-
stand that the persons who have been employed
have been paid out of this specific appropria-
tion ?
Mr. LOGAN. If they have not what do
you want the appropriation for?
Mr. BLAINE. If they have been so paid it
is a gross malfeasance on the part of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. It amounts to an accu-
sation. Here is an appropriation of $4,000,
and if no solicitor is appointed the Secretary
has no right to pay it to any one else. He has
no right to appropriate this money for any
other purpose than that for which it is specific-
ally given.
Mr. ALLISON. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. I regard the Commissioner'of Internal
Revenue as really the most important officer in
that branch of the Government; and what my
friend from Illinois [Mr. Locan] has said with
reference to that officer is true. I assert here
that there never has been a solicitor of rev-
enue. We were told in 1866, when the bill for
the reorganization of the Treasury Department
was under consideration, that it was absolutely-
necessary for the successful administration of
that Department that there should be a solicitor
of revenue, whose duty it should be to passupon
the great questions of revenue constantly arising
in that bureau. So we passed a law giving,
not to the President of the United States, be-
cause it was then said that if we gave to hitn
the appointment of this offices it might not be
possible to secure a proper and efficient man—
we passed a law giving authority to the_ Secre-
tary of the Treasury to appoint a solicitor of
internal revenue. That law went into force in
July, 1866, and from that moment to this no
such officer has been appointed by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. 1 have personally re-
quested him to make an appointment. I do not
know why it is that we cannot have a solicitor
of internal revenue, who shall pass upon the
important questions arising in that Depart-
ment. I believe such an officer is necessary.
Yet we are told that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury will not make the appointment. I would
like to know the reason why it is not made.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Will the
gentleman yield for a correctien?
Mr. ALLISON. Yes, sir.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. The gen-
tleman says that no one has ever acted as soli-
citor of internal revenue. I desire to say that
Mr. Risley, who is deputy collector, is acting
as solicitor.
Mr. ALLISON. He may be discharging
the duties that would be required to be per-
formed by a solicitor. - In the organization of
this bureau we provided for three deputy com-
missioners of internal revenue, and within my
own knowledge it has been difficult to secure
appointments even of these deputies. I know
there is a gentleman by the name of Risley,
who is tho successor of another gentleman from
Wisconsin, but he is deputy commissioner ot
internal revenue and only has authority to act
as such. It may be that matters that should
be referred to the solicitor are now referred to
him, but he is not the proper officer. If, there-
f0re, we cannot Ha/vc th6 offics filled and. it
should be, because it is an important one—I
would be in favor of the motion of the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Logax] to strike out
thi3 appropriation-; but I regard the office as of
so much importance that I take this opportu-
nity of calling the Secretary of the Treasury
