2138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
\1
Soli616011011, i/S!30 legislature, when so convened,
shall possess all the power conferred bysaidconstitu-
&may not bem conflict with the Constitu-
tion and laws of the United States. And the Legisla-
empowered to submitsaid con-
stitution to thequalified electors of Alabama lor rati-
fication at such time or times as it may designate.
Ana said_ Legislature is also empowered to submit
the constitution, as framed by the convention, with
or without amendments proposed by the Legislature.
sbc. J. Ana be U further enacted. That whenever
?,eoJ>Ie' by a majority v ote of the qualified electors
or Alabama, shall have ratified a constitution sub-
mitted as aforesaid, and the Legislature of the pro-
posed State organization shall have ratified the
amendment to the Constitution of the United States
proposed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and known
as article fourteen, the constitution of Alabama may
be presented to Congress for its approval.
Seo. 4. And be it further enacted. That the district
commanders shall furnish all necessary aid in enforc-
ing this act, and the act of March 2,1867, entitled
An act to provide lor a more efficient government
Ox the rebel States," and the acts supplementary to
and amendatory thereof shall remain in full force
except as modified by this act, until Alabama shall
be restored to representation in Congress.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have no objection
to allowing a vote to be taken on that amend-
ment.
Mr. SPALDING. My amendment is sub-
stantially the same as a proposition offered
yesterday in the Senate. It is not my own
production at all.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now call for tlic
reading of the bill as reported from the com-
mittee.
The SPEAKER. Tlie Clerk will read the
bill as reported. If there is no objection, the
bill as amended by the committee will be con-
sidered as an original bill, so that it may be
still further amendable.
There was no objection, and the bJl (H. R.
No. 970) to admit the State of Alabama to
representation in Congress was read a first and
second time.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas the people of Alabama, in pursuance of
the provisions of an act of Congress entitled "An aot
for the more effieientgovernment of the rebel States,"
passed March 2, 1867, and the acts supplementary
theretot have framed a constitution ot Stateigovern-
ment which is republican in form; and whereas, at
an election commencing on the 4th day of .February,
A. D. 1868, a large majority of thologal voters of said
State, voting at said election, voted for the adoption
of said constitution: Therefore,
t Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives ot the United States of America in Coilnress assem-
bled, That the said State of Alabama shall be entitled
to representation in Congress as soon as the Legisla-
ture of saidSfcate, the members of which were elected
at the election mentioned in the proamble of this act,
shall have duly ratified the amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States proposed by the Thirty-
Ninth Congress, and known as article fourteen.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, Tliatitshall betho
duty of the commanding general of the military dis-
trict in which Alabama is included to notify the
members of the Legislature of said State, chosen at
the election held in February, 1868, to assemble at
the capital of said State within thirty days after tho
passage of this act.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That said State of
Alabama shall be entitled to representation in Con-
gress and reorganized as a State of the Union upon
the following fundamental conditions: that the con-
stitution of Alabama shall never bo so amended or
changed as to deprive any citizen or any class of cit-
izens of the United States of tho right to vote who arc
entitled to vote by the constitution herein recognized,
nor so amended or changed as to allow any person
to vote who is excluded from office by tho third sec-
tion of the fourteenth articlo ot the amendment to
the Constitution of the United States, until the dis-
abilities imposed by said section shall have been
removed in the manner therein provided; and Con-
gress shall have power to annul any amendment to
the constitution of Alabama or any act of the Legis-
lature of said State contrary to the provisions of this
section.
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spaujixg] will be
regarded as pending as an amendment to this
bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to amend by
striking out the third section of the bill as
reported.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Farxsworth] yield to permit that
amendment to be offered ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes, sir.
Mr. Speaker, I desire to occupy the atten-
tion of the House for less than half an hour,
and then I shall yield the remainder of my
time to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Kelley. ]
Mr. KERR. Before the gentleman pro-
ceeds I desire to make a suggestion. It is that
the bill as reported, together with the amend-
ments pending, be ordered to be printed, that
they may be on our tables to-morrow.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have no objection
to that.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
that order will be made.
There was no objection.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Illinois whether the bill as re-
ported, differing, I understand, in some re-
spects from the bill heretofore under consider-
ation, has been printed ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It has not.
The SPEAKER. The bill with the pend-
ing amendments has just been ordered to be
printed.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Mr. Speaker, I do
not care to repeat what I said the other day in
regard to the admission of Alabama. I wish,
however, to call the attention of the House
to the language of the reconstruction act of
March 22, 1807, providing for the formation
of constitutions by the rebel States, and their
admission to representation in Congress.
Why? Because objection is made to this
bill and to representation upon the ground,
as alleged, that the majority of the registered
voters in that State were not in favor of the
Constitution ; that a majority of the registered
voters did not vote upon the question. Now,
I will read that section of the act of March
22, 1807, applicable to this question :
"seo. 5. And be it further enacted, That if, according
to said returns, the constitution shall bo ratified by
a majority of the votes ot tho registered electors quali-
fied us herein speeiiied, cast, at said election, (at least
one half of all tho registered voters voting upon tho
question of such ratification,) tho president of the
convention shall transmit a copy of tho same, duly
certified, to the President of the United States, who
shall forthwith transmit thosameto Congress,ifthen
in session, and if no tin session, then immediately upon
its next assembling; and ifitshall, moreover, appollr
to Congress that tho election was one atwhieh all the
registered and qualified electors in the State had an
opportunity to vote freely and without restraint, fear,
or the influence of fraud, and if the Congress shall bo
satisfied that such constitution meets the approval of a
majority of all tho qualified electors in the State, and
ifthc said constitution shall be declared by Congress
to be in conformity with tho provisions of the act to
which this issupplementary, and tho other provisions
of said ael shall have been complied with, and the said
constitution shall bo approved byCongress, theState
shall bodeclared entitled to representation, and Sen-
ators and Representatives shall be admitted there-
from as therein provided."
Now, sir, it is very true that a majority of
the registered voters of Alabama did not vote
at this election. If some eight or ten thousand
rebels had come to the polls and voted against
the constitution at that election we should
have been bound by the provisions of this act,
if we approved the constitution, to admit that
State. All that was necessary to comply with
the letter of that act was that some few thou-
sands of rebels should have gone to the polls
and have voted against that constitution, for
there were seventy thousand votes polled in
favor of that constitution. And does it not
seem strange, is it not preposterous, that we
should refuse to admit Alabama as a State or
accord her representation in Congress because
a few thousand rebels did not come up and
vote against this constitution? That is all there
is of it. That is the effect of this law. All the
law required was that a majority of the regis-
tered voters voting at that election should vote
in favor of this constitution; that more than
one half of the registered voters should vote in
favor of the constitution.
Again, that law provided that if Congress
shall be satisfied a majority of the legal voters }
of the State was in favor of the constitution
the State should be admitted. If a majority
of the legal voters voted for the constitution
there was no necessity to be satisfied about it
at all. That would not only have been affirm-
ative but positive evidence that the majority
were in favor of it. I mention this to show to
the House the intention of the law was that
Congress should exercise a general supervis-
ion over the matter, and if Congress were sat-
isfied a majority of the registered votes were
in favor of the constitution the State should be
admitted.
Now, sir, the object of this section, the ob-
ject of this provision, well understood at the
time by the members of the House and of the
Senate, was to protect the loyal men of those
States in having a fair election. We did not
want to admit the State under a constitution
framed by the rebels, and who might have it
adopted by taking possession of the polls.
These provisions were all inserted for the
protection of the loyal men, and not for the
protection of the rebels. No man ever dreamed
that it would be necessary that Congress should
require the rebels to go to the polls and vote
against the constitution before we should ad-
mit the State. No member had any such
intention. We have seventy thousand and
upward of eligible voters of Alabama voting
for this constitution under all the disabilities
and adverse circumstances which attended that
election, under menaces and threats, with their
lives in their hands, in the midst of a furious
storm. "We have seventy thousand and upward
returned as having voted for this constitution.
One fact not mentioned in the debate before
us was that three counties were not returned
by General Meade to General Grant, because
the vote was declared illegal. Here were
fourteen hundred votes cast for the constitu-
tion. That is more than one half of the votes
of those counties. There is another fact not
mentioned before. In Lowndes county nearly
twenty-five hundred votes were cast, nearly all
for the constitution; but the ballot-boxes were
stolen and destroyed by the rebels.
And there is still another fact I wish to men-
tion. 'I'llp. gentleman from Missouri wished to
know when this matter was up before how many
white people voted at this election. The offi-
cial returns show that about seven thousand
white men voted in favor of the adoption of
this constitution. Aud I will say, in connec-
tion with this, that over twenty thousand white
men in Alabama are members of the Union
League.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to know how this fact was ascertained to be
true. Did they vote separately, or were they
registered as white men ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will tell you how
it was ascertained, and in stating this it will
appear that more than seven thousand white
votes were cast. It appears affirmatively that
seven thousand white men voted for tho con-
stitution in this way. At most of the polls the
officers of election wore directed to ascertain
the votes of all the colored men by putting a
distinguishing mark upon tho ballots as they
were polled. In thatway they ascertained how
many white men voted. It was done under tho
direction of the officers. But at some of the
polls this course was not pursued; no mark
was placed on the ballots.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Then
the evidence is not official.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is official so far
as this fact affirmatively appears. Now, it ap-
pears that seven thousand of the ballots were
thus marked as having been given by white
men. How many were given by white men
that were not marked at those polling places
where they did not take this precaution does
not appear.
Mr. KERR. I desire to inquire of the gen-
tleman whether the fact he has just stated has
been returned according to any law, either of
Congress or of the State of Alabama.
Mr. FAENS'W ORTH. That fact is rot re-
turned by General Meade,and I am not aware
that any law requires it.
Mr. KERR. Then how is it that this inform-
ation comes into the possession of the com-
mittee?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have received this
information by telegrams and letters from
Alabama.
Mr. KERR. Oh, telegrams and letters!
Mr. FARNSWORTH. From gentlemen of
