4186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
remark. No political party can stand long in
this country that opposes equal taxation. We
are not to be scared by clamor about treason.
That is a convenient method of disposing of
the equalization of taxation on the part of
certain gentlemen here to which unfortunately
the gentleman from Ohio belongs. It is a plain
practical business question, and it has nothing
to do with loyalty or disloyalty, secession or
the concentration of power in the hands of the
Federal Government. It is a question of
justice. It is simply that the bonds shall be
taxed as money is taxed, as the article which
buys them is taxed, as the article to which the
gentleman refers to as one of the sinews of
war is taxed. I cannot, for my life, see the
injustice of taxing bonds which represent
money, while we tax the money which pur-
chases them. But I do not read the ca^e of
McCulloch cs. The State of Maryland, to which
the gentleman refers, as he reads it. In that
case the principle is laid down that the power
of taxation, where the Constitution and laws
are silent on the subject, is concurrently exer-
cised both by the Federal and State authority.
Mr. AXTELL. Allow me a single question.
These bonds belonged to the United States.
They sold them to individuals. What is the
difference between them as regards taxation
when the Government owned them and when
the individual owns them?
Mr. NIBLACK. I insist that the exemp-
tion of these bonds from taxation rests upon
the authority of Congress alone, and the Con-
stitution has nothing to do with it except so
far as it may be held by the courts as appli-
cable to a particular class of property. In the
ease of McCulloch vs. The State of Maryland
it was decided that when certain property was
declared exempt from taxation by Federal
authority the State could not tax it. I concede
that to be the law of this country. But it was
not there decided that when Congress conferred
upon the State authority to tax certain prop-
erty it might not do so within the terms of the
law conferring the power. Now, I do not
propose to confer that power, but simply to
limit taxation. And as money is taxed, what
injustice there is in that I cannot apprehend.
Mr. PIKE. You cannot tax greenbacks.
Mr. NIBLACK. The gentleman says you
cannot tax greenbacks. Upon that there has
been no express provision that I know of.
Mr. PIKE. The statute of the United
States says so expressly.
Mr. NIBLACK. In some of the States
they do tax them.
Mr. KERR. The supremo court of Indiana
has decided that greenbacks may be taxed.
Mr. NIBLACK. I was going to remark
that the circuit court in my State decided some
time ago that greenbacks might be taxed, and
I learn from the newspapers that the supreme
court of the State have decided that they are
taxable like every other kind of property. If
so, why should not, with much greater pro-
priety, the interest-bearing bonds be taxed ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask for a vote on this
amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will my colleague yield
to me to make a short reply to the statement
just made?
Mr. SCHENCK. This is an important
debate, and I will move that the committee
rise. It is now near five o'clock, and I pro-
pose when the committee rise to ask for an
evening session to-night for the consideration
of this bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Pome-
roy reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to
order, had the special order under considera-
tion, being Senate bill No. 207, for funding the
national debt, and for the conversion of the
notes of the United States, and had come to
no resolution thereon.
mejibers-elect jr05i louisiana.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to present the creden-
tials of the following members-elect from the
State of Louisiana: J. II. Sypher, from the
first district: James Mann, from the second dis-
trict; J. P. Newhatn, from the third district;
and Michael Vidal, from the fourth district.
I move that tliey be referred to the Committee
of Elections.
The credentials were accordingly referred to
the Committee of Elections.
fourteenth amendment to constitution.
Mr. DAWES also presented a certified copy
of the action of the Legislature of the State of
Louisiana, ratifying the fourteenth article of
amendments to the Constitution; which was
referred to the same committee.
On motion of Mr. MAYNARD, the action
of the Legislature was ordered to be printed
in the Globe, as follows:
Joint resolution ratifying a proposed amendment to
the Constitution of the United States.
Whereas the Congress of the United States has
adopted aiesolution proposinganamendment to the
Constitution of the United States to he submitted to
thebegislatures of the several States, and to be known
as article fourteenth ot said Constitution, as follows:
Article XIV.
Section 1. All poisons born or naturalized in tho
United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof,
aro citizens of tlio United States and of the Stato
wherein they reside. No State shal l make or enforce
any law which shall abridge tho privileges or immu-
nities of citizens of tho United States; nor shall any
State deprive any person of life, liberty, or property,
without due process of law, nor deny to any peraon
within its jurisdiction tho equal protection of its
laws.
Sec. 2. llcpresentativcsshallbeapportionedamong
the several States according to their respective num-
bers, counting the whole number of persons m each
State, excluding Indians not taxed, iiutwhen the
right to vote at any election for thechoiceof doctors
for President and Vico President of the United States,
Representatives in Congress, tho executive and judi-
cial officers of a State, or the members of tho legis-
lature thereof, is denied to any of the malo inhab-
itants of sueh Stato being twenty-one years of ago
and citizen of the United States, or in any way
abridged, cxccpt for participation in rebellion or
other crime, the basis of representation therein shall
ho rcduced iu tho proportion which tho number of
such male citizens shall be as to the wliolo number
of mate citizens twenty-one years of age iu such
State.
Sec. .3. No person shall be a Senator or Represent-
ative in Congress, or elector of President and Vico
President, or hold any civil or military position under
the United States, or under any State, who having pre-
viously taken an oath as a member ot Congress, or
as an officer of tho United States, or as a member of
any State Legislature, or as an executive or judicial
otliccrof any Stato to suppirtthe Constitution of tho
United States, shall have engaged in insurrection or
rebelhon against tho same, or given aid or comfort
to the enemies thereof. ButCongrcss may, by avote
of two thirds ot each House, remove sueh disability.
Sec. t. Tho validity of the public debt of tho Uni-
ted States authorized by law, including debts in-
curred for payment ot persons and bounties for ser-
vices in suppressing insurrection and rebellion, shall
not be questioned. But neither tho United States
nor any State shall assume or pay any debts or obli-
gation incurred in aid ot insurrection or rebellion
against the United States or any claim for tho loss or
emancipation of any slave, but all such debts, obli-
gations, and claims shall be held illegal and void.
Sec. 5. The Congress shall have power to enforce
by appropriate legislation tho provisions of this
article.
Passed June 13,1S66.
Resolved by the Senate and Urmia of Representatives
of the State of Louisiana in General Assembly convened,
That the said constitutional amendment in manner
and form as proposed and submitted by the Con-
gress of tho United States be, and thesameis, on the
part of the State of Louisiana, hereby ratified and
accepted.
Adopted in General Assembly at the city of Now
Orleans, this 9th day of July, A. D. 1868.
CUAS. W. LOWELL,
Speaker of ike House of Representatives.
OSCAR J. DUNN,
Lieutenant Governor and President of the Senate.
Approved this 9th day of July, A. D. 1868:
II. C. WARMOTH,.
Governor of the State of Louisiana.
A true copy on file in this office:
GEO. E. BOVEE,
Secretary of State.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker signed the
same :
An act (S. No. 175) for the relief of Joseph
McGhee Cameron and Mary Jane Cameron,
children of Lafayette Cameron, deceased ;
An act (S. No. 314) for the relief of George
T. Brien;
An act (S. No. 882) granting an increase of
pension to Obadiah T. Plum ;
Ah act (S. No. 383) granting a pension to
John A. Weed and Elizabeth J. Weed, minor
children of Robert F. Weed, deceased ;
An act (S. No. 422) granting a pension to
Maria Schweitzer and the children of Conrad
Schweitzer, deceased;
An act (S. No. 517) granting a pension to
the widow and children of Henry Brown ;
An act (S. No. 518) granting a pension to
the widow and child of John P. ietty ;
An act (S. No. 521) granting a pension to the
children of William M. Wooten, deceased.; and
An act (S. No. 547) granting a pension to
John Sheets.
papers withdrawn.
By unanimous consent leave was granted to
Mr. PERLIAM to withdraw from the files of the
House the papers of Edward Johnson, an
adverse report having been made thereon.
order op business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
House to pass a little pension bill which I send
to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is it the same bill which
the gentleman brought, up before to-day?
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. It is.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then 1 must insist that
it shall take the same course as other bills
have taken. Let it be referred to the_ Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, with the right to
report it at any time.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object to the reporting
back at anytime.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
object to everything out of order.
Mr. SCHENCK. I propose that we shall
have a meeting to-night at half past seven
o'clock to resume the consideration of the
funding bill, and do no other business ; or in
other words, that the evening session to-night
be devoted to the consideration of the funding
bill.
Mr. MYERS. I move to amend by adding,
and the tariff bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not think we can
get through both bills to-night.
Mr. MIJLLINS. I hope the amendment
will not be adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection to the
tariff bill being taken up after we are through
the other bill.
Mr. MULLINS. We have got more in hand
now than we can get through with to-night.
Mr. ALLISON. I think we might go on
with the tariff bill when we get through the
funding bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will allow the amend-
ment to be offered, and then if we fchould
finish the funding bill to-night—which is not
very probable—the committee may take up the
tariff bill, but 110 other business is to be done.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Can a call
of the House be had under that order?
The SPEAKER. Of course, if a quorum
should fail to be in attendance and the com-
mittee should rise, there might be a call of the
House to secure a quorum to enable the com-
mittee to resume the consideration of the bill.
The question was taken on Mr. Myers's
amendment; and there were—ayes 54, noes 57.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. Schexck's motion was then agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to give notice
that if I find we are without a quorum I shall
move a call of the House.
^r- SPALDING. I ask to be excused from
attendance on the session of this evening on
account of indisposition.
There was no objection, and the gentleman
was excused.
By unanimous consent, Mr. Paikb was also
excused from attendance on the evening ses-
sion on account of indisposition.
