1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1115
Mr. WOODWARD. As the gentleman from
Maine has consumed a part of my time I think
I ought to be allowed the right to reply to
him.
Mr. BLAINE. If the Chair will recognize
me as entitled to the floor I will yield to the
gentleman.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Blake] rises to oppose the amend-
ment the Chair will recognize him.
Mr. BLAINE. Very well. 1 rise to oppose
the amendment, and yield to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania a part of my time.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Chairman, I thank
the gentleman for his courtesy in yielding to
me a part of his time. I thank him more for
his courtesy than for his argument, because 1
do not think there is much in his argument.
Mr. Chairman, it is not true that this Bureau
of Military Justice has always existed in some
form. It has never existed under this Gov-
ernment, as 1 understand, until created by the
act of 1864, to which the gentleman has re-
ferred. The military law under which courts-
martial have existed is quite another thing.
The Army, I grant, has always had the court-
martial as part of the military law of the coun-
try ; but that was a different thing entirely.
Mr. BLAINE. And the Army has always
had a judge advocate general.
Mr. VYOODWAHD. Very well, sir ; some-
thing similar to this bureau may have existed
as part of the military law of the country, as
part of the law of the Army; but it never prior
to the late war existed as a separate and dis-
tinct department of the Government. Perhaps
it was properly made so during the war ; I have
not denied that it was; but I maintain that it
is not an institution to be continued during a
time of peace. Without going into the general
question, I believe, as I have said, that this
bureau has during its whole lifetime been a
disgrace and a reproach to the country ; and
hence I would do whatever can be done toward
its discontinuance by withholding appropria-
tions for its support.
Mr. BLAINE. 1 oppose the amendment.
Mr. WOODWARD. I should like to dis-
cuss the question when we have more time.
Mr. MY ERS. I move the committee rise.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. Woodward's amendment was then dis-
agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Signal office:
For two clerks of class two, $2,800.
Mr. COBURN. What is the necessity for
that appropriation?
Mr. WASHBUHXE, of Illinois. Last year
we appropriated ^'2,800 tor this purpose, and
the appropriation is for the same amount now.
Mr. COBURN. I move to strike it out. It
is a useless appropriation to keep up a signal
office in time of peace.
Mr. FAKNSWORTH. It seems to me here
is an office we can dispense with. I do not
see any necessity for this, and it might as well
be stricken out.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. UPSON. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Wilson,
of Iowa, reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, accord-
ing to order, had the special order under con-
sideration, being House bill No. 605, making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1869, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
MESSAGE FltOM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing from the President of
the United States was communicated to the
House by Colonel W. G. Moork, his Private
Secretary.
THE WAR DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
message and accompanying documents from
the President of the United States 5 which were
readj ordered to be printed with the preceding
correspondence, and referred to the Committee
on Reconstruction.
The Clerk read as follows:
To the House of liepresentatives :
The accompanying letter from General Grant,
received since the transmis.simi to the House ot Rep-
resentatives of my communication of this date, is
submitted to the House as apart of the correspond-
ence reicrred to in the rebolution ot the 10th jnstant.
ANDREW
WASHINGTON, D. C., February 11,18b8.
Headquarters Army of the United Statks,
Washington, D. C., February 11,1868.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your communication ot thelOth instant, accompa-
nied by statements ot live Cabinet ministers ot their
recollection of what occurred in Cabinet meeting on
the 14th of January. Without admitting anything
in these statements where they differ from anything
heretofore stated by me, I pioposeto notice only that
portion of your communication wherein 1 am charged
with insubordination. I think it will be plain to the
reader of my letter of the 30th ot January that 1
did not propobe to disobey any legal order of the
President, distinctly given, but only gave an inter-
pretation of what would be regarded as satisfactory
evidence ot the President's sanction to orders com-
municated by the Secretary of War. I will say here
that your letter of the 10th instant contains the first
intimation I have had that you did not accept that
interpretation.
Now for reasons for giving that interpretation: it
was clear to 111c belore my letter of January 30 was
written that 1, the person having more public busi-
ness to transact with the Secretary of War than any
other of the President's subordinates, was the only
one who had been instructed to disregard the author-
ity ot Mr. Stanton where his authority was denied as
agent of tbo President. *
On the 27th of January I recoived a letter from the
Secretary of War (copy herewith,) directing mo to
furnish obcort to public treasure trorn tho Rio Grande
to New Orleans, &c., at the request of the Secretary
of the Treasury to him.. X also send two other^ni-
closures, showing recognition of Mr. Stanton as sec-
retary of War by both tho Secretary of the Treasury
and the Postmaster General, in all of which cases the
Secretary of War had to c^lt upon me to make the
orders requested or give the information desired, and
where his authority to do so is derived, in my view,
as agent of the President.
With an order so clearly ambiguous as that of the
President here referred to, it was my duty to inform
the Pre&identof my interpretations of it, and to abide
by that interpretation until 1 receive other orders.
Disclaiming any intention now or heretofore of dis-
oteeymg any legal order of tho President distinctly
communicated, I remain, very respectfully, your
obedient servant, U. S. GRANT, General.
Ilis Excellency A. Johnson',
PiesidentoJ the Lnited
War Department,
Washington City, January 27, 1868.
General: The Secretary of the Treasury has re-
quested this Department to afford A. 1. Randall,
special agent of the Treasury Department, such
military aid its may be necessary to secure and for-
ward tor deposits iroui Brownsville, lexas, to ^ei|
Orleans, public moneys in possession of custom-
house officers at Brownsville, and which are deemed
insecure at that place.
You will please give ?uch directions as you may
deem proper to the officer commanding at Browns-
ville to carry into effect the request ot the .treasury
Department, the instructions to be sent by telegraph
to Galveston, to the care of A. 1?. Randall, special
agent, whois at Galveston waiting telegraphic orders,
there being no telegraphic communication with
Brownsville and the necessity tor military protection
to the public moneys represented as urgent.
Please favor me with a copy of such instructions as
you may give, in order that they may be communi-
cated to the Secretary of the Treasury.
Yours truly, EDWIN M. S1ANT0N,
Secretary of nar.
To General U. S. Grant,
Commanding united States Army.
Headquarters Army of the United States,
February 11, lwo.
Official copy:
GEORGE K. LEET,
Asmvtant Adjutant (Jtneral.
Post Office Dkpartmunt, Contract Office,
Washington, February a, lbo8.
Sir* It has been represented to this Department
that in October last a military commission was ap-
pointed to settle upon some general plan of deiense
for the Texas frontiers, and that the said commission
has made a report recommending a line ot posts trom
the Rio Grande to the Red river.
An application is now pending m this Department
for a change m the course of theft&n Antonio aim
El Paro mail, so as to send it by way of 3; oris Mason,
Griffin, and Stockton, instead of by Camps Hudson
and Lancaster. This application requires immediate
decision, but before final action can be had thereon
it is desired to have some official information as to
the report of the commission above referredto.
Accordingly I have the honor to request that you
wilt cause this Department to be furnished, as early
with the information desired m tuo
premises, and also with a copy of the report, if any
has been made by the commission.
Very respectfully, Arc.,
GEORGE W. McLELLAN,
Second Affsietant Postmaster General.
Febt uary 3,1868.
The Honorable Secretary of War.
Referred to the General of the Array for report,
EDWIN M.STANTON,
Secretary of WaM
Headquarters Army of United States,
February 11, 1868.
Official Copy. GEORGE K. LEET,
Assistant Adjutant Genei al.
Treasury Department, January 29,1868.
Sir: It is represented to this Department that a
band ot robbers has obtained such a foothold in the
section of countiy between Humboldt and Lawrence,
Kansas, committing depiedatmns upon travelers
both by public and private conveyance, that tho -
saiety of the public money collected by the receiver
of the land ofiiee at Humboldt requires that it should
he guarded during its transit irom Humboldt to
Lawrence. I have, therelore, the honor to request
that the proper commanding officer of the district
may bo instructed by the War Department, if in tho
opinion of the honorable Secretary of War it can bo
done without prejudice to the public interests, to
furnish a sufficient military guard to piotect such
moneys as may be in transitu from the above otlice
for the purpose of being deposited to the credit of
the Treasurer of the United States. As for as we are
now advised such service will not be necessary oitoner
than once a month. Will you please advise me of the
action taken that I mayinstruct thereceivcr and the
Commissioner of the General Land Office ill the
matter. "
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
11. Mcculloch,
Secretary of the Treasury.
To the Honorable Secretary of War.
Respectfully referred to the General of tho Army
to give the necessary orders in this case and to fur-
nish this Department a copy for the information of
the Secretary of the Treasury.
By order of the Secretary of War:
ED. SCHltlVER, Inspector General.
Headqhabteks Amy of United States,
February 11, 18G8.
Official copy: GEORGE K. LEET,
Assistant Adjutant General.
Mr. BOUTWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the message and accompanying
doilnments were referred and ordered to be
printed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
currency and banking.
Mr. POLAND moved to reconsider the vote
by which House bill No. 681, for retiring Uni-
ted States notes and for a free system of na-
tional banking was referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and that it be referred to
the Committee on Banking and Currency.
The motion was agreed to.
collection' of direct tax in delaware.
Mr. SCHENCK, by nnanimons consent,
from the Committee of Ways and Means, re-
ported back House bill No. 510, to facilitate
the collection of direct tax in the State of Del-
aware, with the recommendation that it do
pass.
The bill was read. It provides that the val-
uation enumerated in the assessment list for
direct tax in the State of Delaware, completed
April 19, 1867, being the valuation of real
estate as owned at or near the time of the valu-
ation of said assessment, is hereby declared and
made a lawful assessment of direct tax of
$74,683 83£ as apportioned to the State of
Delaware by virtue of the act of Congress en-
titled "An act to provide increased revenue
from imports to pay the interest on the Pu liC
debt, and for other purposes," approved Au-
gust 5, 1861, or as the valuation therein enu-
merated with the same force and eiteet as it
made with reference to the date of the sixteenth
section of said act; and that all existing pro-
visions of law for the collection of said direct
tax in the loyal States, except as provided m
the fifty-third section of said act, shall be ap-
plicable to the collection of the tax therein
assessed; and the notilication ot the time and
place where appeals shall be received and de-
termined relative to_ said assessment given by
the assessor immediately after the said com-
pletion shall be deemed lawful notice, and ail
