1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4187
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the House
now take a recess.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at live o'clock p. m.) the House took a recess
until half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m., and resumed, in Committee of
the Whole, (Mr. Broomai.l in the chair,) the
consideration of Senate bill No. 207, for fund-
ing the national debt, and for the conversion
of the notes of the United States.
The CHAIRMAN. The first section of the
bill is under consideration, and the pending
question is upon the amendment of the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Niblack.]
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to say a word
on the pending amendment, for the purpose
of putting on record the opinions of one of
the very ablest lawyers who ever lived in this
country on the question of the right of Con-
gress to authorize a State to tax the bonds of
the United States. I had occasion two years
ago, in a speech on this subject, to quote this
passage from Mr. Webster.
But, before quoting that extract. I wish to
state the authorities upon this subject. I
take it that no lawyer in this House who has
examined the authorities will assert that any
State can of its own right tax the bonds of
the United States. But the question has been
raised whether Congress may not confer upon
a State the right to tax them. I particularly
desire to call attention on that question to the
authorities to which I refer.
First, let me state in brief what are the
authorities of the Supreme Court on the ques-
tion of whether a State has the right to tax
the bonds of the United States. It was de-
cided by Chief Justice Marshall, in 1819, in
the ease of McCullougli vs. The State of Mary-
land, (1 Wheaton, 31G.) It was decided again
by that same distinguished jurist in the case
of Weston vs. The City of Charleston, (2
Peters, 449.) It Tvas decided in the case
of Osborn vs. The United States Bank, (9
Wheaton, 78!),) in 1824, -when Henry Clay, as
counsel, argued other features of the cause
before that court, but declined to offer any
argument on the question of the power of the
State to tax tire bank, and alleged as a reason
that the point was so well settled that argu-
ment was unnecessary. It was decided again
in 1862, in the case of the Bank of Commerce
vs. New York, (2 Black, 620.) And still later
in the case of Van Allen vs. The Assessors,
(3 Wallace, 585.)
Now, in regard to ihe power of Congress to
authorize a State to tax the bonds of the Uni-
ted States. I ask the Clerk to read a passage
from a speech of Daniel Webster's on the very
question under discussion. It was delivered
in the Senate of the United States, May 28,
1832.
The Clerk read as follows :
"The question being on the amendment offeredby
Mr. Moore, of Alabama, proposing, first, that the
bank shall not establish or continueaiiyotSeoof dis-
count or deposit, or branch bank, in any State, with-
out the consent and approbation of the State; second,
that all such offices and branches shall bo subject to
taxation accordinsrto the amount of t'aeir loans and
issues, in like manner as other banks or other prop-
erty shall be liable to taxation.
Mr._ Webster spoke as follows: Nov.", sir, I doubt
exceedingly our power to adopt this amendment,
and I pray the deliberate consideration of theSenate
m regard to this point.
" In the first place, let me ask, what is the consti-
tutional ground on which Congress crcated this cor-
poration, and on which we now propose to continue
it? There is no express authority to create a bank or
any other corporation given to us by theConstitution.
The powerisdenved by implication. Ithas been exer-
cised, and can be exercised only on the ground of a
just necessity. It is to be maintained, if at all, on
the allegation that the establishment of a national
bank is a just and necessary means for carrying on
the Government and executing the powers conferred
on Congress by the Constitution. On this ground
Congress has established this bank, and on this it is
notf proposed to be continued, It has already been
judicially decided that Congress having established
a bank for these purposes, theConstitution prohibits
the States from taxing it. Observe, sir, it is the Con-
stitution, not the law, which lays this prohibition on
the elates. Xhe charter of the bank floes not declarc
that the State shall not tax it. It says not ono word
on that subject. The restraint is imposed notby Con-
gress. but by a higher authority, the Constitution.
"Now, sir, I ask how we can relieve theStatcs froru
this constitutional prohibition? It is true that this
prohibition is not imposed in express terms, but it
lesuitsfrotn the general provisions of the Constitu-
tion, and has been judicially decided to exist in full
force. This is a protection, then, which the Consti-
tution of the United States, by its own force, hold's
over this institution, which Congress has deemed
necessary to be created in order to carry on the Gov-
ernment. So soon as Congress, cxercising its own
judgment, has chosen to create it, can we throw olF
from this Government this constitutional protection?
I think it clear we cannot. We cannot repeal the
Constitution. We cannot say that every power,
every branch, every institution, and every law of
this Government shall not have all the force, all
the sanction, and all the protection which the Con-
stitution gives it."
Mr. GARFIELD. Such was the opinion of
the great ''Defender of the Corfstitution." He
believed that the power of a State to tax the
securities of the United States is prohibited
by a higher authority than a statute of Con-
gress ; that it is prohibited by the Constitu-
tion itself.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Niblack.
Mr. NIBLACK. As the committee is not
full, and I have no desire to break up the
committee by calling for a division upon my
amendment, I ask consent that it be reserved
for a vote after the rest of the bill has been
considered.
The CHAIRMAN, (Mr. Pomeroy.) If no
objection is made the amendment will be re-
served in order to allow a vote upon it here-
after.
No objection was made.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now re-
cuis upon the substitute for the section moved
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Broo.mall.]
Mr. BROOMALL. I ask that that also be
reserved for a vote hereafter.
No objection was made.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to ask that the
privilege be reserved on the part of my col-
league on the committee [Mr. Logan] to move
an amendment hereafter; so that the section
will read:
And the said bonds shall be exclusively used for
the redemption of or ill exchange for an equal
amount of any of the present interest-bearing
debt, &c.
No objection was made.
No further amendment was offered to the
first section.
The second section was then read by the
Clerk, as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That there is
hereby appropriated out of tho duties derived from
imported goods the sum of $135,000,000 annually,
which sum during each fiscal year shall be applied
to the payment of the interest and to the reduction
of the principal of the pub lic debt, in such a manner
as may be determined by the (Secretary of the Treas-
ury, or as Congress may hereafter direct; and such
reduction shall be in lieu of the sinking fund con-
templated by the fifth section of the act en titled "An
act to authorizethe issue of United States notes, and
for tho redemption and funding thereof, and tor
funding the floating debt of the United States,"
approved February 2S, 1662.
The first amendment reported from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means was to strike out
the words "in such a manner as may be de-
termined by the Secretary of the Treasury, or
as Congress may herealter direct."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee of
Ways and Means was to strike out the word
"contemplated" and insert the word "pro-
vided" after the words " in lieu of the sink-
ing fund."
The amendment was agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of
Ways and Means propose to amend by insert-
ing a new section, which will be read by the
Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. —. A nd he it farther enacted. That the holder
of any law ml money of tho United States to the
amount of fifty dollars, or any multiple of fifty dol-
lars, may convert the same into bonds for an equal
! amount, authorised by the first section of this act,
| vir;-' 't such rules and regulations as the Secretary of
I till' Treasury may prescribe: Provided, That such
conversion shall not be allowed ai any time when
i the amount of United Slates notes outstanding is re-
] duced to £300,000,000. And any holder of any of the
! bonds provided for in the first, section of this aft may
present the same to the Treasurer of the United
States and demand lawful money of the United
States tor the principal and accrued interest
thereon, and the Treasurer shall redeem the same in
lawful money ofthe United States,unless theUnitcd
States notes then outstanding shall amount to $400,-
ifrr ■a £ucli bonds shall notbe redeemable alter
the United States have resumed the payment of coin
lor their notes.
Mr. PIKE. I cannot allow this amendment
to pass without at least making my protest
against it. I oppose it because it is a direct
allowance of an increase of United States
notes. The present limit is $358,000,000.
This amendment proposes to allow an increase
of §44,000,000. For one, I will under no cir-
cumstances be willing to allow, if my vote can
prevent it, an increase of the quantity of United
States notes. A sufficient quantity is already
issued; and the effort in my judgment should
be upon all occasions to diminish the amount
of currency unt 1 we can reach specie payments.
The effect of this section will be this: when-
ever money is tight and in demand, whenever
it is worth more than the bonds, the latter can
be taken to the Treasury of the United States
and money obtained for them until theamount
of United States notes reaches $400,000,000.
Thus you increase the volume ofthe currency
from $356,000,000 to $400,000,000. Now, sir,
I for one believe that in a time of'peace we have
not the slightest right in the world to issue legal-
tender notes. When the issue of these legal
tenders was authorized under the act of Feb-
ruary 25, 1862, the opinion generally expressed
upon this floor was that only as a war measure
could the issue of those notes be justified.
Mr. GARFIELD. I have drawn an amend-
ment which I think iray obviate the objection
of the gentleman. It is to add at the end of
the section the following:
Provided further, That nothing in this act shall
be so construed as to authorizean increase of United
States notes.
Mr. PIKE. That obviates a part of the
difficulty, but only a part.
Mr. BROOMALL. I would suggest that
the same result can be better reached by strik-
ing out in line fifteen the words ''four hun-
dred" and inserting "three hundred and
fifty-six."
Mr. PIKE. That would much better accom-
plish the object.
Mr. BROOMALL. Then I move that amend-
ment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope the amendment
will not prevail.
Mr. MULLINS. I desire to inquire what
amount of greenbacks is now authorized by
law ?
Mr. BROOMALL. Three hundred and
fifty-six millions.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. Chairman, I am opposed
to this whole provision which it is proposed
to incorporate as a new section. I believe
with the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Pike]
that it is desirable that the quantity of legal-
tender notes in the country shall be reduced
rather than increased. One of the objections
which struck me on giving a general examina-
tion to this bill was that it seemed to be aim-
ing at increasing the legal-tender circulation
instead of reducing it. It appears to me to
look toward abandoning the idea of returning
to specie payments.
Now, sir, I believe—and I had supposed
that this had grown to be the general belief—
that our legislation ought- to aim toward the
earliest possible resumption of specie pay-
ments; that we look to a sound, convertible
curiency; but I find, sir, in this section the
introduction of a policy which proposes to in-
flate the currency and increase the amount ot
legal-tender notes. I have not yet heard any
explanation what the idea of the committee is;
