THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fa
Mr. STANBERY. No other part of the
coirespondence but this letter?
Mr. Manager WILSON, That is all we pro-
pose now to oiler.
[The letter was returned to the Managers.]
Air. STANBERY. We wish the honorable
Managers to suite what is the purpose Qf in-
troducing this letter? What is the object?
\Yhat is the relevancy ? What does it relate to?
Mr. Manager WILSON. I may state that
the special object we have hi view in the intro-
duction of this letter is toshowthePresident's
own declaration of his intent to prevent the
Secretary of War, Mr. Stauton, resuming the
duties of the ofhce of Secretary of War, not-
withstanding the action of the Senate on his
case, and tlie requirement of the teuure-of-
otlice bill. Do you desire it read ?
Mr. STANBERY. Certainly, if it is to
come in.
Mr. Manager WILSON. I ask the Secre-
tary to read it.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read it.
Ihe Secretary read the letter, as follows:
Executive Mansion, February 1U, 1808.
General: The extraordinary character of your
letter ot tne3d instant would seem to pieclu.de any
reply 011 ray part: bat thcmanner ni which publicity
has been givon to the correspondence of which that
iettur tortus a part, and the grave questions which
arc involved, induce me to tako this mode ot giving,
as a proper sequel to the communications which have
passed between us, the statements ot tho five mem-
bers ot tuc Cabinet who woro picsent on the occa-
sion ot our conversation 011 the 14th ultimo. Copies
ot the letters which they have addressed to me upon
tu0 subject are accordingly herewith inclosed.
Yous, uuk oi my letter of the 31st ultimo as a ro-
iteratiun ol the "many and gross misrepresenta-
tions" contained in certain newspaper articles, and
jco&bcit the correctness ot the statements contained
in your,communication of the 28th ultimo; adding—
and here 1 «ivo your own words—" anythingin yours
m icply to it to the contrary notwithstanding."
Whun u controversy upon matters of fact reaches
the point to which this has been brought, further
assertion or denial between the immediate parties
should ccase, especially where, upon cither side, it
lose*) the character ot the respectful discussion which
is required by the relations in which the parties stand
to each other, and degenerates in tone and temper.
In such acase, if there is nothing to rely upon but the
opposing statements, conclusions must be drawn from
"tho.-e statements alone, and liom whatever intrinsic
probabilities they alloid 111 favor ot ot against either
ot [lie parties. 1 should not shrink from this test in
this contioversy; but, fortunately, it is not left to this
test alone. There were live Cabinet officers present
at the conversation, the detail of which, in my letter
of the 23th ultimo, you allow yourself to say, contains
"man* and gro.-s misrepresentations." These gen-
tlemen heard that conversation and have read my
statement. They speak for themselves, and I leave
the proof without a word of comment.
I deem it proper, before concluding this communi-
cation, to notice tfoine ol the btatcments contained in
yourletlcr.
You say that a performanceof the promises alleged
to have been made by you to the Piusident "would
have involved a. icsistuncp to law, and an inconsist-
ency with the whole history of my connection with
thesuspension ot Mr. Stanton.'' You then state that
you had loans tlio Pi evident would, on the removal
of Mr. Stanton, appoint .some one in his place who
would embarrass the Army in currying out the recon-
struction acto, and add:
"if, was to prevent Mich an appointment that I ac-
cepted the oOice ot Secretary ot War ad interim, and
not for the purpose of enabling you to get rid ot Mr.
fcjtanton by my withholding it iiom him in opposition
to law, or, not doing so myself, sunendering it to one
who would, as the statements and assumptions in
yt>ur communication plainly indicate wa^ sought."
Pirst ot all, you here admit that from the very be-i
ginning ot what j u term "the whole history" of
yoiu connection with Mr. SStanton's suspension, you
intended to circumvent the President. It was to carry
out that intent that you accepted the appointment.
Thii was in yourniind at thetime ot your acceptance.
It was not, then, 111 obedience to the order ol your
supeiior, as has heretofme been supposed, that you
assumed the duties of the oiliee. You knew it was
the President's purpose to prevent Mr. Stanton from
resuming the olhee oi Secretary oi War; and you in-
tended to defeat that purpose. You accepted the
ohice, not in the interest ot the President, but of Mr.
Stanton. 11 this purpose,so entertained by you, had
been confined to yourself; if, when accepting the
oflice, you had done so with a mental reservation to
fiu.-tratc the President, it would have been a tacit
deception. In the ethics of some persons such acoursc
is allowable, But you cannot stand even upon that
questionable ground. The "history" of your eon*
ncetion with this transaction, as written by youiself,
plate-: Vv_,u in a diflurent predicament, and shows that
you not only concealed your design from the Presi-
dent but induced him to suppose that you would
carry out hi-- purpose to keep Mr. Stanton out of
oilioc, by retaining it yourself alter an attempted
ro itoration by the Senate, so as to require Mr. Stan-
ton to establish his light by judicial decision.
^rppf(K\rr\rT- -ft
I now give thai part of this "history," as written
by yourself in your letter of the 28th ultimo:
" Some time after I assumed the duties of Secretary
of War ad interim, the President asked me my views
as to the course Mr. Stantou would have to pursue,
in case the Senate should not concur in his suspei\-
sion, to obtain possession of his office. My reply was,
in substance, tnat Mr.Stanton wouid have to appeal
to tho courts to reinstato him, illustrating my posi-
tion by citing the ground I had taken in the case of
the Baltimore police commissioners."
Now, at that time, as you admit in your letter of
tho 3d instant, you held the olDcc for tho very object
of defeating an appeal to the courts. In that letter
you say that in accepting the oliieo one motive was
to prevent the Piesidentfioui appointing some other
person who wouid retain possession, and thus make
judicial proceedings neccssary. You knew tho Pres-
ident was unwilling to trust the ollice with any one
who would not, by holding it, compel Mr. Stanton
to resort to tho courts. You perfectly understood
that in this interview, "sometime" after you ac-
cepted theollice, the President, not con tent with your
silence, desired an expression of your views, and you
answered him that Mr. Stanton "would have to
appeal to the courts."
If tho President had reposed confidence beforo he
knew your views, and that confidence had been vio-
lated, it might have been said he made a mistake;
buta violation of confidence reposed after that con-
versation wa< no mistake of his, nor of your-}. It is
the fact only that needs be stated, that at tho date
of this conversation you did not intend to hold tho
office with the purpo.-c of foicing Mr. Stanton into
court, but did hold it then, and had accepted it, to
prevent that course from being c.irriod out. In
other words, you said to the Pi evident, "that is tho
proper eouiae," and you said to yourself, "1 have
accepted this office and now hold it to defeat that
course." Tne excuse you make in a subsequent par-
agraph of that letter of the :28th ultimo, that after-
ward you changed your views as to what, would be a
proper course, has nothing to do with the point now
under consideration. The point is that bclore you
changed your views you had secretly determined to
do the very thing which at last you did—surrender
the office to Mr. Stanton. You may have changed
your views as to the law, but you certainly did not
change your views as to the course you had marked
out for youiself from the beginning.
I will only notice one more statement in yourlctter
of the 3d instant—thatthe performance of the prom-
ises which it is alleged were made by you would have
involved you in the resistance ot law. 1 know of no
statute that would have been violated hadyou, era-
Tying out your promises in good taitb, tendered your
resignation when you concluded not to be madoa
party in any legal proceedings. You add:
"lam in a measure confirmed in this conclusion
by your recent orders directing me to disobey orders
from the Secretary of War, my superior, and your
subordinate, without having counteimanded his au-
thority to issue the orders J am to disobey."
On the 24th ultimo you addressed a note to tho
President requesting in writing an older given to
you verbally livedays beforetodiM'egaid orders from
Mr. Stanton as Secretary of War until you "knew
from the President himself that they were his orders."
On the i-Dth, in compliance- withyour lequest, 1 did
give you instructions in writing "not to obey any
order from the War Department, assumed to be issued
by the direction of the President, unless such order is
known by the General commanding tho armies of
the United Stutes to have been authorized by the
Executive."
There are some oulcrs which a Secretary of War
may issue without the authority of the President;
there are others which he issues simply as the agent
of the President, and which purport to be " by direc-
tion" of tho President. For such orders tho Presi-
dent is responsible, and he should therefore know
and understand what they are before giving such
"direction." Mr. Stantou states, in his letter of tho
4th instant, which accompanies the published cor-
respondence, that ho "has had no correspondence
villi the President .since the 12th of August last;"
and he further says that since he resumed tho dutie?
ot the otheo ho has continued to di.-chargo them
"without any personal or written communication
with the President;" and ho adds, "no ordeis have
been issued from this Depart ment in the name of the
President with my knowledge, and 1 have received
no orders from him."
It thus seems that Mr. Stanton now discharges tho
duties of tho War Department without any refer-
ence to the President,and without using his name.
My order to you had only jcterencc to oidcis "as-
sumed to be issued by the diiccfion of the President."
It would appear from Mi. Stanton's letter that jou
li ive received no such orders from him. However,
in your note to tho President of the 30th ultimo, in
which you acknowledge the receipt of the written
order of the liiMi, you say that you have been in-
formed by Mi. Manton that he has not received any
order limiting bis authority to i-sue oiders to the
Army, according to the practice of the Department,
and state that " while this authority to the War De-
partment is not countermanded, it will be satisfac-
tory evidence to me that any orders issued from the
War Department by direction oi the President are
authorised by the Executive."
The President issues an order to you to obey no or-
der from the War Department, purporting to be made
" by the direction of the President," unril you have
refeired it to him for his approval. You reply that
you have received the President's order and wili not
obey it; but will obey an order purporting to begi\en
by his direction, if it come* Jrom the War Depavhduit.
You will not obey the direct order of the President,
but will obey his indirect order. If, as yousay, there
has been a practice in the War Department to issue
orders in the name ofthePresidentwitbouthisdireo
tion. does not the precise order you have requested
and havercceired change the practice as to tho'Gon-*
eral of the Army ? Could not the President counter-
mand any such order issued to you from the War
Department? If you should reeeivo an order from
that Department, issued in the name of the Presi-
dent, to do a special act, and an order directly from
the President himself not to do the aot, is there a
doubt which you are to ob >y ? You answer the ques-
tion when you say to the President, in your letter of
the 3d instant, the Secretary of War is " my-superior
and your subordinate," and yet you refuse obedience
to the superior out of a deferenoe to the subordinate.
Without further comment upon the insubordinato
attitude which you have assumed, I am at loss to
know how you can relieve yourself from obodUfice to
the orders of the President, who is made by t!ie Con-
stitution the Commander-in-Chief of the Army a nd
Navy, and is therefore the official superior as well of
the General of tho Army as of tho Secretary of War.
Respectfully, yours, ANDREW JOHNSON.
General U.S. 6RANT,CWwa {fo'fl.0 Armies of the United
States, Washington, D. C.
[Several Senators had gone out during the
reading of the letter.]
Mr. Manager WILSON". We now 
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Before the honor-
able Manager proceeds, he will wait until tho
seats of the Senators are filled. The Sergeant*
at-Arms will inform Seuators that their pres-
ence is wanted.
Several Senators having returned to the
Chamber,
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The honorable
Manager may proceed.
Mr. STANBERY. I ask the honorable
Manager if he is done reading all that belongs
to that letter. In that letter certain documents
are referred to as explanatory of it. Do jou
propose to read those papers ?
Mr. Manager WILSON". All has been read
which we propose to offer.
Mr. STANBERY. You do not, therefore,
propose to offer the papers, copies of which
accompany that letter and which are referred
to in it?
Mr. Manager WILSON. I have stated to
the counsel that we offered a letter of the Pres-
ident of the United States. It has been read.
We proposed to offer the letter ; we have of-
fered it; and it is in evidence.
Mr. STANBERY. You do not now pro-
pose to offer 
Mr. Manager WILSON". The entire letter
has been read.
Mr. STANBERY. We do not understand
that. We ask that the documents referred to
be read with that letter. They accompany it,
and are referred to in it and explain it.
Mr. Manager WILSON". We offer nothing,
sir, but the letter.
Mr. STANBERY. Then we object to it.
Mr. Manager WILSON. If the counsel have
anything to offer when they come to present
their case we will then consider it.
Mr. STANBERY. We ask it as a part of
the letter. Suppose there were a postscript
there, would you not read it?
Mr. Manager WILSON. There is no post-
script. That settles it.
Mr. STANBERY. But there is matter
added to it.
Mr. Manager WILSON. There is no matter
added to it. The letter is there as written by
the President.
Mr. STANBERY. Mr. Chief Justice, we
wili take a ruling upon that point. On the first
page of the letter the matter is referred to,
which I will read:
"General : The extraordinary character of your
letter of the 3d instant would seem to preclude any
reply on my part; but the manner in which publicity
has been given to the correspondence of winch that
letter forms a part and the grave questions which
arc involved induce me to take this mode of giving,
as a properse<,uel to the communications wnieii have
parsed between us, the statements of the live mem-
bers of the Cabinet who were present on the occasion
of our conversation on the 14th ultimo. Copies oi
the letters which they have addressed to me upon
the subject are accordingly herewith inclosed.
Again, he says :
"There were five Cabinet officers present af the
conversation, the dctinl of which, in my letter of the
28thultimo, >*04 allow your-elfr.o say, contains * many
and prrosa niisn-prcKir.tnt.iors.' Theso gentlemen
heard that con vocation and have read my statement.
They speak for theim. jives, and Heave the proof
without a woid of comment,"
