1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2139
unquestionable character; from intelligent and
trustworthy sources.
Mr. BECK. I desire to ask a question. Has
the Committee on Reconstruction received any
information that seven thousand white men
voted for the constitution?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have received it.
Whether the Government has or not I do not
know.
Mr. BECK. "What I ask is, has the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction received it in any
form?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am not aware that
it has ; but I say I have received it from the
most trustworthy sources, and I think some
other members of the committee and of the
House have received it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman yield?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 will not yield. I
do not propose to occupy much time myself.
I do not think this kind of discussion is very
profitable.
Mr. BECK. The gentleman made a remark
about three counties being disfranchised. I
* will state why they did it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman will
have an opportunity to make the statement
hereafter.
Mr. BECK. I think not. I can state it in
one minute. The three counties disfranchised
are Baine, Colbert, and Jones. There were
ten new counties formed by the convention in
1866, namely: Clay, Cleburn, Crenshaw, El-
more, Hale, Lee, Bullock, Baine, Colbert, and
J ones. The last three were thrown out and not
allowed to cast their votes for the ratification
ot the constitution. There were not over three
hundred colored men in these counties. There
was hardly a colored man in Jones county, and
very few in Baine county, and twice as many
white as black in Colbert county. Those coun-
ties were rejected. The rest of the ten, in a
majority of which there were three colored men
to one white, were recognized as counties and
permitted to vote.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not understand
the gentleman as referring to the same three
counties that I referred to.
Mr. BECK. Yes, sir; I refer to Baine,
Colbert, and Jones, the only three that were
rejected.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If those are the
three counties the facts -arc these : when they
voted for the convention they gave fourteen
hundred more than half the votes registered
in those counties, and they were all thrown out
in this election by reason of some illegality.
What is the presumption ? If fourteen hun-
dred more than half the registered voters in
those counties were in favor of the convention
when the question was fairly put to the people
of Alabama whether they were in favor of or
against the reconstruction acts or this method
of reconstruction, how many are we to pre-
sume would have voted for this constitution?
It is just such things as these, just such tricks
as these—the destruction of ballot-boxes, the j
forcible prevention of men from attending the j
polls, all sorts of frauds, menaces, corruption, j
bribes, deprivations of employment, threats
against lives—it is this kind of things which
prevented a majority, and an overwhelming ■
majority, of the registered votes of Alabama
being given in favor of this constitution. Why, ,
Mr. Speaker, no man can examine the affida- [
vits which this committee has—and we have [
eighty of them and upward—no man can exam-
ine those affidavits without coming to the con-
clusion that a very large majority of the voters
of Alabama are in favor of this constitution !
and would have voted for it, and would vote for
it to-day if they could. j
Mr. KERR. Will the gentleman allow me !
to ask him a question ? i
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No ; I decline to be |
interrupted. !
Mr. KERR. I only wanted to know if these j
affidavits have been printed. t j
_ Mr. FARNSWORTH. Now, sir, with what
kind of grace can we be asked to refer this I
constitution back to the people of Alabama
when we have declared by law that, as to all
the rest of these States, the majority of those
voting shall govern on the question of the
adoption or rejection of the constitution ? Why
should we say to Alabama, after she has gone
through this struggle, after she has voted and
voted so largely as she has done under all the
adverse and disadvantageous circumstances
which surrounded her, that she shall again
go through the expense and labor and struggle
of voting on this constitution? Why should
we say to the rebels, and thus flush them still
more with their supposed victory, "You have
beaten oar friends in Alabama; go and beat
them again?" Why should we encourage !
this system of fraud and violence which was !
practiced by these men ? Why, sir, I hold j
here in my hand evidence—evidence of men 1
who voted and whose votes were not counted, '
and those who tried to vote and were prevented
by violence from voting—which, ifit was before '
the Committee of Elections in a contested- \
j election case, would be deemed sufficient to !
unseat any member of this House and give the
seat to the man for whom these men tried to
vote and did vote. We have such evidence
here of men enough to make up a majority of
all the registered voters in the State.
I will refer to some of the evidence where
the numbers are given of those who were pre-
vented from voting in different counties:
J. R. Summerfieid proves a diminution of
seven hundred votes, or from seven hundred
to twelve hundred votes—I take the minimum—
in his district through misconduct of judges
and rebel sympathizers.
A. J. Applegate testifies to the loss of one
hundred votes at Hurttsville. There is abun-
danccof evidenceof violence and intimidation,
but I only give the cases where they prove an
actual number of votes lost.
A. Wood and Thomas 1). Fister and others
prove the loss of four hundred and seventy
votes in Calhoun county.
J. II. Bone proves the loss of five hundred
votes in Madison county.
Jacob Black proves the loss of one thousand
votes in Barbour county. \
Lewis M. Douglas corroborates the evidence J
of Applegate as to Iluntsville, and proves the '
loss of eight hundred and thirty-four votes in !
Madison county. \
L. I). Lusk proves the loss of two hundred
votes in Marshall county.
Moses Boisseau and others prove threats,
&e., in ISlmore county.
About three hundred votes are proved to
have been lost in Wetumpka county. Those
three hundred votes were lost by being stolen
out of' the ballot-box after they were voted and
destroyed.
J. A. Zordy testifies to the tearing from the
votes of the part ratifying the constitution,
thus losing about fifty votes. That was one
of the dodges resorted to. The tickets had the
names of the persons for whom the people were
voting for State officers upon them and also
"for the constitution." They would get hold
of ticketsthatwere m thehandsof colored men
and clandestinely tear off that portion for the
ratification of the constitution. i
Now, everybody knows that it is not at all 1
probable that a man would go to the polls and !
vote for officers under a constitution without i
voting for the constitution itself. That was j
one of the tricks the rebels resorted to; to tear '
off the words " For the constitution.'' j
Tobias Lane, of Marengo county, proves that i
four hundred tickets were stolen from the bal- ;
lot-box, and that large numbers of voters were j
prevented by threats, &c., from voting. ;
W. II. Pruitt, assistant registerat Wetumpka. j
proves that nine hundred men were unable to j
vote on account of the insufficiency of ballot- j
boxes, and because of threats; and also that j
votes were taken from the boxes. At one pre- :
cinct in Dalecountythe election was suspended 1
for one day, all the registrar's books were de- :
stroved, and voters were deterred from voting ,
by threats. The witnesses testify that the
number of votes lost- to which they approxi-
mate as nearly as they can, was probably five
hundred.
Besides this, we have the affidavits of some
seventy-nine or eighty men who were turned
out of their employment, and expelled from
their houses, because they went to the polls
and voted.
Now, here is proof of a sufficient number of
votes to constitute a majority of the registered
votes of the State of Alabama, to say nothing
of the men who stayed away from the polls, fear-
ing for their lives if they went, to say nothing
of the thousands and tens of thousands of men
in that State who would have gone to the polls
and voted for this constitution if they had dared
to do so.
Now, while the offices in Alabama—I do
not allude to the military offices, but to the
civil offices—are chiefly in the hands of rebels
and rebel sympathizers, while the sheriffs and
constables and magistrates and other officers
in that State are rebels, how can you expect
| that under such circumstances, and in such a
! storm as they had there during the election,
the loyal people of Alabama could do better
than they did do ?
Gentlemen ask me how they can do better
hereafter. I will tell them. Put the offices in
the hands of loyal men; let the Governor,
Lieutenant ^Governor, members of the Legis-
lature, magistrates, sheriffs, constables, &e.,
be loyal men; clothe the loyal men of that
State with the entire power of the State, so far
as the civil power is concerned, and then we
will show ybu a different result at the elections.
Now, sir, taking into consideration the vote
which was given under the circumstances, then
place the State in the hands of loyal men, with
the offices controlled by loyal men, I ask what
would be the result at the next election? Why,
sir, we would carry the State by more than a
two-thirds majority of all the registered voters
there. I have no doubt of it.
I would not ask for the admission of Ala-
bama if I thought it was to go into the hands
of rebels. The committee of which I am a
member do not desire the admission of a rebel
State. But we do desire that the agony of the
loyal men of that State shall not be prolonged.
And if we do not admit them under the cir-
cumstances I have narrated, then we can be
justly charged with holding the promise to the
ear and breaking it to the hope. They have
done precisely what every other revolted State
is required to do under the act which we
passed at this session; they have adopted their
constitution by a majority of the voters voting
at that election.
I now yield the remainder of my hour to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has occu-
pied twenty-tight minutes of his hour.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, justice to the
good citizens of Alabama and to the union men
of every other unreconstructed State demands
the passage of this bill. And I believe that
the law of March 23, 1867, not only justifies but
demands the admission of Alabama under the
constitution framed by the recent convention.
Sometimes the letter killeth when the spirit
giveth life, but in this case we have both the
letter and the spirit to justify the action pro-
posed by this bill. Tiie law provides some
regulations of the details of the elections and
requires that a majority of the registered voters
should vote at the election. But it does more.
When Congress was adopting it it did not forget
the spirit of the democracy of the South and the
possibility that it might resort to force or fraud
to prevent a (air election, and it reserved to
itself the right to make the broadest and most
searching examination of the'couduct of the
election. It did not agree to bind itself to
accept formal returns as conclusive and bind-
ing on its judgment, but reserved to itself the
right to inquire whether voting had been free^
and without restraint, fear, or the influence of
fraud. It made this reservation in express
