3104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
appropriation bill and have a discussion as to
the order of business. If the Senate adjourn
now I hope it will be with the understanding
that we shall go right along with this bill to-
morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to adjourn is not debatable.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Buckalew, Cameron, Chandler,
Conness, Corbett, Cragin, Davis, Drake, Hendricks,
Howe, McCreery, Morton, Nyc, Patterson of New
Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee, Ramsey, Sprague,
.Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, Wade, Willey, Williams,
and Yates—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Cole. Conkling,
Frelingliuysen, Henderson, Morgan, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Pomeroy, Uoss, Sherman,
Stewart, Sumner, Van Winkle.and Wilson—16.
ABSENT — Messis. Bayard, Dixon, Doolittle,
Edmunds, Ferry, Fessonden, Fowler, Grimes,
Harlan, Howard, Johnson, Norton, Saulsbury, and
'Thayer—14.
So the motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES. .
Monday, June 15, 1868.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order is the call of the States
and Territories for bills and joint resolutions
for reference to their appropriate committees,
not to be brought back into the House by a
motion to reconsider, commencing with the
State of Maine.
FBLONIIiiS AND MISDEMEANORS.
Mr. CHURCHILL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1258) to define felonies and misdemeanors
and to regulate peremptory challenges in the
courts of the United States, and for other pur-
poses ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
harbor os oswego.
Mr. CHURCHILL also introduced a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 290) giving the assent
of the United States to the construction of
certain wharves in the harbor of Oswego, New
York; which Avas read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
DETENTION OF PASSENGERS AT BALTIMORE.
Mr. MILLER introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 297) instructing the Committee on
Roads and Canals to inquire into and report
whether passengers from the North and West
are delayed at Baltimore in being conveyed
over a branch of the Baltimore and Ohio rail-
road between Baltimore and Washington, and
if so, the cause of such delay, and what legisla-
tion is necessary to prevent such detriment in
traveling to the metropolis of the nation ; and
also to inquire and report whether the Balti-
more and Ohio Railroad Company are exact-
ing and receiving from through passengers a
greater sum than by existing laws they arc
allowed to exact; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
homestead law.
Mr. KOONTZ introduced a bill (II. R. No.
12-39) amendatory of the homestead law; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
PATENT LAW.
Mr. MYERS introduced a bill (II. R. No.
1200) being a further addition to an act to pro-
mote the progress of the useful arts; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Patents.
habeas court's act.
Mr. TIIOMAS introduced a bill (II. It. No.
12131)' amendatory of an act relating to habeas
'corpus and to regulate judicial proceedingshi
certain cases, approved March 3, 1803; wlneh
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
WESLEY P. DAVIS.
Mr. VAN TRUMP introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1202) granting a pension to -Wesley P.
Davis; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
JOSEPH A. FRY.
Mr. VAN TRUMP also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1263) granting a pension to Joseph
A. Fry; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
SARAH BENEDUM.
Mr. VAN TRUMP also introduced a bill
(II. It. No. 1284) for granting a pension to
Sarah Benedum, widow of Nelson Benedum;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
paymasters' accounts.
Mr. ADAMS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1205) amendatory of an act entitled "An act
to facilitate the settlement of paymasters' ac-
counts," approved March 10, 1808; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered'to
bo printed.
partition or texas.
Mr. STOKES introduced a joint resolution
(H. It. No. 298) for the division of the State
of Texas and the admission of the same into
the Union ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Recon-
struction, and ordered to be printed.
VALUATION OP PDBtIC LANDS.
Mr. JULIAST introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1260) to aid in ascertaining the value of cer-
tain public lands; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
CHARLES V. KI5LLRY.
Mr. PAINE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1207) for the relief of Charles V. Kelley ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
ORDNANCE FOR ARKANSAS AND OTHER STATES.
Mr. PAINE also introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 1208) to authorize and require the Secre-
tary of War to deliver certain ordnance to the
States of Arkansas, Louisiana, South Carolina,
North Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, and Florida
for the use of the militia upon the discontinu-
ance of military governments therein; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Militia, and ordered to
be printed.
RELIES- OF DISCHARGED SOLDIERS.
Mr. COBB introduced a joint resolution (H.
R. No. 299) for the relief of certain honorably
discharged soldiers of the volunteer forces of
the Union Army; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
MILITARY WAGON-ROAD.
Mr. CAVA'NAUGH introduced a bill (II.
It. No. 1209) to provide for the construction
of a wagon-road for military and postal pur-
poses through the Territories of Dakota, Mon-
tana, and Washington ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
PUBLICATION OP TREATIES, ETC.
Mr. CAVANAUGH also introduced a bill
(II. It. No. 1270) to provide for the publica-
tion of the treaties and laws of the United
States in the States of California, Nevada, and
Oregon, and in the Territories of Washington,
! Idaho, and Montana; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
! tee on Printing.
INDIANA POST ROUTES.
Mr. N1 BLACK introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 1271) establishing certain post roads in
the State of Indiana; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee oh the Post Office and Post Roads.
PROMOTION OP REVENUE.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 1272) to promote the effi-
ciency of the revenue, &c.; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
DIX, BLATCIIFOllD, AND OPDYKK. •
Mr. PRUYN. Mr. Speaker, I have a peti-
tion, accompanied by a joint resolution, from
John A. Dix, Richard M. Blatchford, and
George Opdyke, custodians of $2,000,000 on
the part of the Government, to be expended
at the time communication was cut off between
Washington and the North at the opening of
the rebellion. These gentlemen expended that
money, but there are two accounts standing
open on the books of the Treasury against
them, and they ask to have the proper credits
made for the purpose of extinguishing that
apparent charge. I introduce a bill to that
effect, accompanied by a statementof the case,
and I ask its reference to the propercommittee.
The bill (H. It. No. 1273) in reference to
certain accounts on the books of the Treasury
Department against John A. Dix, Richard M.
Blatchford, and George Opdyke was read a
first and second time.
The SPEAKER. This claim being novel in
its character, the Chair cannot designate the
appropriate committee, but would suggest the
Committee on Public Expenditures.
Mr. SPALDING. I suggest that it be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
NATURALIZATION OP ALIENS.
Mr. CHURCHILL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. >1274) concerning the naturalization of
aliens ; which was read a first and second Sfme,
ancfrel'erred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
LEAVE OP ABSENCE.
Indefinite leave of absence was granted to
Mr. Nunnt.
LEAVE TO TRINT.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted
to Mr. Beatty and Mr. Golladay to print
speeches. [See Appendix.]
EXTRA PAY TO GOVERNMENT EMPLOYES.
The SPEAKER. There being no further
bills and joint resolutions, the next business in
order during the morning hour is the call of
the States and Territories for resolutions, and
the House resumes the consideration of the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 291) giving addi-
tional compensation to certain employes in the
civil service of the Government at Washington,
introduced on Monday last by the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Washburn.] The ques-
tion is on seconding the demand for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I withdraw
the demand for the previous question, and
modify the jointresolution ; and on it, as modi-
fied, I demand the previous question.
The joint resolution, as modified, was read.
It provides that there shall be allowed and paid
out of any money applicable to the purpose,
heretofore or hereafter to be appropriated to
the same classes of officers and other persons
inthecivil service of the UnitedStates Govern-
ment at Washington embraced in the joint res-
olution of Congress entitled "Jointresolution
giving additional compensation to certain
employes in the civil service of the Govern-
ment at Washington,'1 passed February 28,
1867, an additional compensation of twenty
per cent, on their respective salaries as fixed
: by law, or where no salary is fixed by law
I upon their pay respectively from and after the
| 80th day of June, 1807, to the 30th of June,
j 1808. But if any such officer or other person
! shall have performed service for less than one
I year, ho is to be allowed the twenty per cent.
I only upon the actual sunn he shall have received
