2140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
terms. The act of March 23, 1867,
that—
provided
si?a11 more°ver appear to Congress that the
election was one at winch all the registered and
votp'tv- 1 0t<?rs V!,1'16 t'tate 'la<'lln opportunity to
Zn™ lr e J w!t.l'0"t restraint, fear, or the influ-
16 ConSre5s sha  be satisfied
that such constitution meets the approval of a ma-
jority ot all the qualified electors ii the State, and
it thesaid constitution shall be declared by Congress
to oe m conformity with the provisions of the act to
which this is supplementary, and the other pvovis-
iu shail have been complied with,
and the said constitution shall be approved bv
Congress, the State shall be declared entitled to rep-
resentation, and beqators and Representatives shall
be admitted therefrom as herein provided."
Now, sir, lam abundantly satisfied that a
majority of the qualified electors of Alabama
desire the adoption of that constitution. I
believe, sir, that the typographical and clerical
errors in making the registration alone de-
prived thousands of such electors of their votes,
ihe votes thus excluded would have swollen
the seventy-one thousand actually accounted
for to the required majority. Wherever a reg-
ister made an error of a letter in a name, wliere-
ever a mistake was made in copying the lists
of voters, and wherever, in the imperfect print-
ing-establishments throughout.the State, an
error was made in printing the registers' lists,
the Union was deprived of the services of a
man and reconstruction of the vote of a qualified
elector. I have no doubt that by this means alone
enough votes were rejected to have changed
the reported result. Again, sir, the vote for
the constitution was the last on a long printed
ticket. Every one who voted for officers un-
der that constitution voted or believed he was
voting for its adoption. Yet, it being weil
known that the loss of a few votes at each poll
would tell largely in the aggregate result, there
was organized throughout the State a system
by which the privilege of looking at the tickets
of voters should besought by apparent friends,
and that while the voter's attention was en-
gaged in conversation by a third person the
vote for the constitution should be torn from
the ticket, the mutilated ticket be refolded
and handed back to the voter. This system
was found to have been practiced all over the
State. By counting as votes for the constitu-
tion all those cast (or candidates for the offices
it, ordains, and which were intended to sup-
port it, you supply nearly, if not quite, the
number of votes required by the provision on
which the Democracy rest their opposition to
the admission of the State.
But, sir, I refer to other illegal means by
which the result was affected, and for the pur-
pose let me say that I do not go back to letters
brought me so long ago as yesterday; but from
those which I have opened since I came to my
seat. I will read one or two extracts. A cot-
ton planter, one who served as a surgeon in
our Army, rising, I believe, to the position of
the surgeon of a corps, who I have known from
boyhood, and for whose endurance, courage,
and veracity I can vouch, writes thus:
"The courts of this county are being held, presided
over by rebel judges, with packed juries, iu violation
of military orders and law, so that there is not the
shadow of chance for a northern man nor freedman
to receive justice. If Congress will admit, us_\\ e can
correct many of these evils through the Legislature
and ttovernor, and take care that the like shall not
be repeated. We can then also protect ourselves in
every particular without assistance from any other
source, as we have nearly one hundred thousand
true, loyal freedmen, who would rally to a man in
suppoit of law and order and maintain them. Such
is the business and social ostracism that now exists
here that unless Congress does admit us many will
be compelled to leave, and we have none to spare.
I trust Congress will not abandon the loyal men of
Alabama in this crisis and turn us over to the cruel-
ties of these unprincipled rebels, but will speedily
relieve us from our present sufferings and oppres-
sions. and give us the opportunity, so that we can
easily take care of ourselves."
Mr. Speaker, the paragraph just read may
not seem to be pertinent to the line of suggestion
I was presenting; but in the letter I find the
following, clipped from one of the papers of
that section:
"We had overlooked the following resolution
unanimously adopted at its last meeting by the
Ih mocratic club of Marion :
"'Jlcsolved, That the members of this club, m their
social intercourse, will not recognize any man as a
gemleman or a friend to his country who may ac-
cept any appointment to office under the reconstruc-
tion acts of the Congress of the United States.' "
In another letter received to day, dated so
late as the '20th, the writer incloses a pleasant
little clip from the Tuscaloosa Monitor. I beg
gentlemen to listen to it, that they may know
how voters had reason to believe they would
be treated by their "Democratic" brethren if
they courageously expressed their opinions at
the polls under the law of Congress. It is not
copied from a Republican paper. It is no
misrepresentation, but is here in the type of
that model Democratic organ the Tuscaloosa
Monitor:
" We reiterate tho advice hitherto offered to those
of our southern people who arc not ashamed to
honor tile service of tho "lost cause" and the mem-
ory of theirkith and kin whose lives were nobly laid
down tosave the survivors fromasubjection incom-
parably more tolerable in contemplation than in
realization. That advieeis to touch not a loyal-iea-
guei's hand: taste not of a loyal-leaguer's hospital-
ity; handle not a loyal-leaguer's goods. Oust him
socially; break hiin pecuniarily; ignore him pohti-
i cally: kick him contagiously; hang him legally; or
lynch him clandestinely—provided he becomes such
a nuisance as Claus or Wilson."
Claus and Wilson were well-known white
Union men.
Gentlemen of the Republican party, are you
willing to declare to the Union men of Ala-
bama that you will not interpose tho power re-
served to you as 1 have shown by the express
terms of the law for their protection when the
Democratic press of that State openly advises
clandestine assassination ; and the represent-
atives of the Democratic party of the North
stand here pleading the cause of that party and
practically approving the course of that press?
No; let it go forth to-day, if it may be, to
the Democratic citizens of the other unrecon-
structed States, that Congress takes cogni-
zance, not only of the votes registered on the
poll-list, but of the manner in which the elec-
tion is conducted ; that it will guaranty to every
Union man the right to vote, and if his vote
shall be withheld by fraud or violence it,
will count it as having been given, and given
for the reconstruction of the country. If you
do not do this you give the violent and lawless
the advantage of their own wrong and invite
the Democracy of the South to persecute our
friends in the other nine unreconstructed States.
For nearly three hundred miles Alabama is
coterminous with Mississippi, where the elec-
tion is still to come oil'. On the North she
bounds Floiida, where the election is still
pending. On her long eastern line, for more
than two hundred and iil'ty miles, she bounds
Georgia, where the election is still pending.
Our action on this question is eagerly watched
in those States, and can it, be that Congress
will indorse tho doctrines of the Tuscaloosa
Monitor, that the Union men of those States
should only vote {it the risk of being "clandes-
tinely assassinated.'' Sir, if, with the informa-
tion before us, we refuse to admit Alabama,
may God have pity upon the Union men of
Florida, Mississippi, and Georgia! In their
name I appeal to the Representatives of the
Republican party to enforce the reconstruc-
tion law in its own humane spirit. In their
name I ask you to proclaim to the country that
you find vital power in that clause of this law
which says if the election be without restraint,
fear, or the influence of fraud, you will then look
at its results as officially reported, but if it, be
tainted with these influences and you still find
evidence that the constitution meets with the
approval of a majority ol the qualified electors
in the State, you will treat it as though fraud
and violence had not prevented the free and fan-
expression of opinion on the subject at the polls.
Sir, the interests of the country, too long
distracted by the rebellious spirit of the De-
mocracy of the South, demand the immediate
settlement, of this question. In 1800 there
were nine hundred and sixty-three thousand
two hundred and one inhabitants of Alabama,
nearly one million, and notwithstanding the
desolation of the war her population has largely
increased. More than a million people are
without organic government. There is no court
within the limits to which a man who honors the
country's flag can appeal with certainty of having
the law honestly administered or justice done
him under the civil or criminal law. No officer
in the State government—whetherof the State,
county, or township—is in sympathy with the
Union men. All the enginery of the law, all
the patronage, all the influence of official sta-
tion and power is cast against the friends of
the country, and so as election day approached
every effort was made to inspire Union men
with fear and to keep them from giving free
expression to their opinion. Jt is wonderful
that more than seventy thousand of them, un-
der these circumstances, should have made
their way through floods and over almost track-
less fields to distant polling places and incurred
such imminent risks as they did to cast their
votes. Contemplate the fact, sir. A million
people, occupying very nearly fifty-one thou-
sand square miles of American territory, are
without government, and subject to a despot-
ism set up over them during the time of the
rebellion and organized in the interest of the
confederacy. No officer of the pretended gov-
ernment, is in sympathy with the Government
of the United States, nor do they generally
recognize Union men, whether white or black,
as having any rights which law protects or
which they are bound to respect. To relieve
them from this terrible condition a majority of
the qualified electois appeal to us to admit
them as a State under a constitution the pro-
visions of which will compare favoiably with
the constitutions of the northern States; con-
taining one provision, wisely inserted, which
appears in none of ours, by which through no
judicial trick, through no political machinery,
can any part of the citizens ever be disfran-
chised by reason of race, color, or previous con-
dition, as was done in Pennsylvania by a con-
spiracy between an expiring bench of judges
looking for reappointment, a corrupt State
administration, and a State convention from
which the people expected no action on the
subject of suffrage. In that respect the con-
stitution of Alabama is superior to our own.
Mr. WOODWARD. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman what bench of judges in Pennsyl-
vania he alludes to when he makes the remark
lie has?
Mr. KELLEY. I speak of that bench of
judges whose terms were cut short or would
be by the adoption of the constitution.
Mr. WOODWARD. What constitution ?
Mr. KELLEY. The constitution which was
then being framed, or which had just been
grained, and was in a few days to be submitted
for adoption—the constitution of 3808.
Mr. WOODWARD. I submit to the gen-
tleman—•—
Mr. KELLEY. Having but thirty minutes,
I yielded for a question but not for one of my
friend's judicial dissertations. It seems to me
that my colleague is like the Irishman at a
fair; whenever he sees a "nigger's'' head he
is bound to have a clip at it. [Laughter.]
Sir, the constitution framed by the Alabama
convention is republican in form. xVnd in order
to perpetuate its republican character its
framers inserted a provision in the substance
ot aii oath that shocked one of my colleagues
who is not now in Ins seat, [Mr. Boyeu.] It
is a provision to prevent forever the disfran-
chisement ot any man who has not been con-
victed of crime. It requires every citizen, be-
fore his acceptance as a voter, to swear as
follows:
"That I accept the civil and political equality of
alt men, and agree not to attempt to deprive any
person or persons, on account of race, color, or previ-
ous condition, ot any political or civil right, privilege,
or immunity enjoyed by any other class ot men."
My colleague, w ith pious horror, threw up his
hands and, as if appealing to God, cried out,
' And this in the name of republican govern-
ment! ' \ es, and in the name of the Repub
lican party, in the name of a party charged with
the extension and perpetuation of republican
