4188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
and I cannot understand anything from this
section and the amendments proposed to this
bill. I believe there is no power in Congress to
issue such a currency at all. Itwasnot claimed
at the time this policy was adopted upon any
other ground than that of necessity. It is a
policy at war with sound principles in relation
to currency. Upon what principle is it any-
body now proposes to increase this legal-tender
currency? What is the occasion for it? What
do gentlemen propose to gain by it? What
do they mean to say to the country is the rea-
son for it?
I wish to say, as has been remarked in this
discussion, that these small notes, or rather
small bonds provided for in this bill will circu-
late as currency to a considerable extent. I
regret this. In fact, sir, the sum of it all is
that I should regret any legislation which
looked in the direction of increasing our irre-
deemable currency at all. I am in favor of
going in the opposite direction. I am in favor
of the resumption of specie payments. I think
the country expects it and regards it as the
wiser policy. 1 hope this section will not be
adopted. The amendment is not material one
way or the other.
The CHAIRMAN. The question recurs on
Mr. Broom.u.l's amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope it will not bo
adopted.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 19, noes 20; no quorum voting.
Mr. PIKE. This is an important mailer.
It is to inllate the currency. Let us have
tellers.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope the gentleman
will withdraw the amendment.
Mr. BROOMALL. I will if the gentleman
will renew it again, or give me an opportunity
to renew it.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well. I will pro-
pose $3,999,000 for the purpose of making a
remark. I think the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania has confused the number of United
States Treasury notes out with the number
authorized. There were $450,000,000 United
States Treasury notes authorized—§50,000,000
for a specific purpose—leaving §-100,000,000,
and of that $400,000,000, §356,114,212 were
outstanding on the 1st of June. They are
still under the law authorizing the issue. The
law authorized the emission of that number of
notes, and this is not an extension nor an in-
hibition. If they are not authorized by law
to the amount of $400,000,000 of course there
is nothing in this section which authorizes it.
Nothing, therefore, is more unnecessary than
the provision proposed. I desire to Sdy in
reference to the history of this legislation what
took place in the Senate. This section was in
the original bill of the Senate. In a thin Sen-
ate by a majority of two votes it was lost. It
was stricken from the bill. I have every reason
to believe if restored by the House there will
be a decided majority in the Senate for retain-
ing it. That, however, is not for the consider-
ation of the House, which must vote on the
proposition itself.
Referring to the law of the 80th of June,
1864, I find the limitation is in these words:
"Provided, That the total amount of bonds and
Treasury notes authorized by theflrstand second sec-
tions ot this act shall not exceed 8100,000,000 in addi-
tion to the amounts.horetofore issued; nor shall the
total amount ot United States notes, issued or to bo
issued, ever exeeed 3400,000,000, and such additional
sum, not exceeding SoO,000,000, as may be tempora-
rily required tor the redemption of temporary loan;
nor shail any Treasury note bearing interest, issued
under this act, bo a legal tender ill payment or re-
demption of any notes issued by any bank, banking
association, or banker,calculated or intended to cir-
culate as money.
Thus the restriction was to $400,000,000,
with an addition of §50,000,000 for the tem-
porary loan, and since the redemption of the
latter there is no authority of law for the addi-
tion of §50,000,000.
Mr. BROOMALL. I desire to ask the gen-
tlemen this question : how, if the Government
had no power to issue more than $350,000,000,
is it going on redeeming up to $400,000,000 ?
_ Mr. SCHENCK. That is begging the ques-
tion. I hold that a proper construction of the
law authorizes the issue of $400,000,000.
Mr. BROOMALL. And the reissue of those
that have been canceled by authority of law?
Mr. SCHEN CK. That is a question of con-
struction.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ALLISON. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. I desire to call the attention of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania[Mr. Broomall]
to what I am about to say. 1 understand him
to oiler his amendment because there is no
power under existing law to increase the issue
of United States notes. Now, I join issue
with him upon that question. I claim that
under existing law the Secretary of the Treas-
ury cannot only issue $400,000,000 of United
States notes, but he can issue $450,000,000 ;
because there is authority under the law of
June 30, 1864, to issue $400,000,000, and
also authority, under a more recent statute, to
issue an additional $50,000,000, for the pur-
pose of redeeming the temporary loan. During
the last session of the Thirty-Ninth Congress
we authorized an additional temporary loan
of $50,000,000, three per cent, certificates, so
that it is within the discretion of the Secretary
of the Treasury to-day to exercise that dis-
cretion, and issue not only $400,000,000-, but
$50,000,000 in addition for the redemption of
the temporary loan.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I think
my friend is mistaken. The temporary loan
contemplated by the act he refers to did then
exist as such, but since then it has all been
redeemed. Tiierefoie theie is no authority to
issue an additional §50,000,000. The law ot'
last year authorized the issue of three per cent,
certificates to redeem the compound-interest
notes. We have called that a temporary loan,
but it is not so denominated in the law.
Mr. ALLISON. I may be mistaken. Of
course it depends upon the proper construction
of the language of the law; but I do not
think it is very material, as I understand the
committee has already passed section .two,
which authorizes and directs, if I understand
it properly, the Secretary of the Treasury to
appropriate $135,000,000 in gold annually;
first to the payment of the interest on the pub-
lic debt, and secondly, to the redemption of
the principal. So that by the adoption of the
second section we require the Secretary of the
Treasury to redeem any outstanding funded
obligations of the Government in gold, because
he is required to apply the moneys received
from duties on imports to the redemption of
the public debt; and therefore it seems to me
he is required to redeem the five twenties that
have already matured, to wit: those that
were issued in 1862 in gold. I was not in
when that section was passed ; but I call the
attention of the chairman of the committee to
the fact that it requires, unless it has been
amended, the Secretary of the Treasury to
redeem the live-twenties of 1862 in gold. It
may be that it ought to be done, but I desired
to offer an amendment to the section which
we require the Secretary to apply a portion of
that $135,000,000, not applicable to the pay-
ment of interest on the public debt, to pur-
chase of United States bonds, which are only
quoted at 112 to-day, in United States notes
instead of redeeming them iu coin. Now, of
course, everything depends upon the class of
loans we put out under this bill. If we put
out a loan at three and sixty-five hundredths
interest, then I think no harm can result to
the country by the convertible provision of this
bill. But if we put out a bond at a greater
rate of interest than that the effect of this bill
will be to reduce the amount of greenbacks ox-
United States notes in circulation, because no
one will convert these bonds again into United
States notes when they are worth more than
greenbacks would be.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BROOMALL. I ask the gentleman
from Ohio to withdraw his amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw it.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move to strike out
"four hundred" and insert, "three hundred
and fifty-six ;" so that the clause will read :
And the Treasurer shall redeem the same in lawful
money of the United States unless the United States
notes then outstanding shall amount to $o5G,000,(K)0.
I entirely disagree with the gentleman from
Iowa as to the power of the Secretary of the
Treasury under existing law to issue more legal
tenders. He was authorized to issue $400,000,-
000 upon one occasion. That, was done, and
that power was exhausted. He was author-
ized to issue $50,000,000 upon another. That
was done, and that power was exhausted. Some
of the $400,000,000 have been canceled pur-
suant to existing laws which are now suspended,
and the law remains just as it was, just as it
would have been if his power bad been limited
under the original act to $350,000,000.
Now, 1 offer this amendment because I am
entirely opposed to any increase of the irre-
deemable currency of the country. My own
belief is that it would have been better for the
country and the people to have commenced
redeeming the legal tenders immediate upon
the fall of the rebellion, if it had to be done by
borrowing at almost any rate of per cent, in
Europe rather than to continue the evil until
now. But that cannot be done, and the most
that we can hope at this time is to prevent
further increase.
I rather like this section, because it proposes
to give an elasticity to the currency which our
presentcurrency unfoitunately lacks on account
of its being limited to this country alone. I
agree that it is best to allow those who have
more than they need of it to invest it in bonds,
and to reconvert it at will if there should not
be a further increase of legal-tender currency.
1 trust the committee will agree with me that
it is about time we had put, a stop to all talk
of further increase. It is that that produces
uncertainty in all dealings in the country and
contributes very largely toward that depression
that exists too fiequently in various quarters.
I f we can only prevent increase, and fix up som e
means by which the amount shall be reduced
and specie payment gradually approached, we
will have done a great thing for the country.
I think the vote upon this question will test
for the country whether the Fortieth Congress
is willing to go on iu this inflation of the cur-
rency. If it is, then I for one will have little
faith in any of the obligations of the United
States, because continued inflation must un-
doubtedly result in this country as it has in all
countries in the world, in not only repudiation
of the currency but repudiation of the entire
debt.
[Hero the hammer fell.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I oppose the amendment
for the purpose of saying that I am opposed to
the section. In the first place, the proposition
in this section enables any combination that
can command $50,000,000 at will to reduce
the circulation to $300,000,000 or to iucrease
it to $400,000,000 within twenty-four hours,
a power that ought not to be given to any
one. ^ But I object to this section furthermore
that it is converting non-interest-bearing notes
into an interest-bearing debt; it is converting*
our greenbacks into bonds. So long as we
are to have an irredeemable currency, United
States notes, greenbacks are the best currency,
the most popular currency that we have ever
had or ever will have. I am in favor of re-
taining it. I am opposed to the whole pro-
vision of this bill. It is reversing altogether
the principles of our financial policy from the
beginning, which was to keep our debt subject
to our own control; hence the five-twenty, ten-
loi ty bonds. This bill proposes to make a debt
upon the country of between two and three
billion dollars, ruuning forty years, at a rate
or interest which now indeed seems low, but
Which is larger than that paid by the British
nation, and which, before half the forty years
nave elapsed, will be regarded iu this country
as burdensome.
