1888.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4189
I here present to the committee the views of
Mr. .Jefferson on the subject of extending a
debt beyond the generation for which it is con-
tracted. I read from the letter of Mr. Jeffer-
son to John W. Eppes, dated Montieello, June
24, 1813 :
" Itis a wise rule and should bo fundamental in a
Government disposed to chcrish if&credit, and at the
same time to restrain the use of it within the limits
ol* us iaculties, 'never to borrow a dollar -without
layin'g a tax in the same instant ior paying the inter-
est annually, and the principal within a given term;
and to consider that tax as pledged to the creditors
on the public faith.' On such a pledge as this, sa-
credly observed, a Government may always com-
mandona reasonable interest allthelendablemoney
of their citizens, while the necessity of an equivalent
tax is a salutary warning to them and their constit-
uents against oppressions, bankruptcy, and its inev-
itable consequence, revolution. But the term of
redemption must be moderateand at any rate within
the limits of their rightful powers. But what limits,
it will be asked, does this prescribe to their powers?
What is to hinder them from creating a perpetual
debt? The laws of nature, I answer. The earth
belongs to the living, not to the dead.^ The will and
the power of man expire with his life by nature's
law. Some societies give it an artificial continuance
for the encouragement of industry; some refuse it, as
our aboriginal neighbors, whom we call barbarians.
The generations (J men may be considered as bodies
or corporations. Eackgeneration has theusufructof
the earth during the period of its continuance. When
it ceases to exist the usufruct passes on to the succeed-
ing generation, free and unincumbered, and so on,
successively, from one generation to another, for-
ever.
"Wo may consider each generation adistinct nation,
with a right by the will ot its majority to bind them-
selves, but none to bind the succeeding generation
more than the inhabitants of another country. Or
the ease may be likened to the ordinary one of a ten-
ant for life who may hypothecate the land for his
debts during the continuance of his usufruct; but at
his debt the reversioner (who is also for life only,) re-
ceives it exonerated for all burdens. The period of
a generation, or the term of its life is determined by
the laws of mentality which, varying a little only in
different climates, offer a general average, to be found
by observation. I turn, tor instance, to Buffon's
tables oi twenty-three thousand nine hundred and
mnetv-four deaths, and tne ages at which they hap-
pened, and I find that the numbers of all ages living
at one moment half will be dead m twenty-four years
and eight momhs. But (leaving out minors, who
havo not the power of self-government) of the adults
(of twenty-one years of age) living at one moment, a
majority of whom actfor the society, one half will be
dead in eighteen years and eight months. At nine-
teen years, then,from the date ot acontructthemajor-
ity of the contractors are dead and their contract with
them. Let this general theory be applied to a par-
ticular ease. Suppose the annual births of the State
ol New York to be twenty-three thousand nine bun-
dled and ninety-four, the whole number of its inhab-
itants, accoidiug to Bufxon, will be six hundred and
seventeen thousand seven hundred and three, of all
ages. Of these there would constantly be two hun-
dred and sixty-nine thousand two hundred and
eighty-six minors, and three hundred and torty-eight
thousand four hundred and seventeen adults, of
which last one hundred and seventy-four thousand
two hundred and nine will be a majority. Suppose
that majority on the fir&tday of the year 1794 had
borrowed a sum of money equal to the fee simple
value of the State and to have consumed it in eating,
dunking, and making merry in their day; or, if you
please, in quarreling and fighting with their unof-
fending neighbors.
'* Within eighteen years and eight months one half
of the adult citizens were dead. Till then, being the
majority, they might rightfully levy the interest of
their debt annually on themselves and their leilow-
reveiers or lciiow-champions. _ But at that period,
say at this moment, a new majority have come into
place, in theirownright, andnotundertherights.the
conditions, orthelawsof their predecessors. Are they
bound to acknowledge the debt—to consider the pre-
ceding generation as having had a righttoeatup the
whole soil of their country ni the course of able, to
alienate it from them, (for it would be an alienation
to the creditors;) and would they think themselves
either legally or morally bound to give up their coun-
try and emigrate to anotherfor subsistence? Every
one will say no; that the soil is the gilt of God to the
living as much as it had been to the deceased gener-
ation; and that the laws of nature impose no obliga-
tion on them to pay this debt. And although, like
some other natural rights, this has not yet entered
into any declaration of rights, itis no less a law, and
ought to be acted on by honest Governments. It
is at this time a salutary curb on the spirit of war
and indebtmcnt, which, since the modern theory of
the perpetuation of debt, has drenched the earth
with blood and crushed its inhabitants under bur-
dens ever accumulating. Had this principle been
declared in the British Bill of Rights England would
have been placed under the happy disability of
waging eternal war and of contracting her thousand
millions of public debt. In seeking, then, for an
ultimate term for the redemption of our debts, let
us rally to this principle, and provide for their pay-
ment within the term of nineteen years at the
farthest.
"Our Government has not as yet begun to act on
the rule of loans and taxation going hand in hand.
Had any loan taken place in my time I should have
strongly urgod a redeeming tax. For the loan which
has been made since the last session of Congress, we
should now set the example of appropriating some
particular tax sufficientto pay the interest annually
and the principle within a fixed term, less than
nineteen years. And I hope yourself andyourcom-
mittee will render the immortal seivice of iotro-
dueing this practice. Not that it is expected that
Congress should formally declare such a principle.
They wisely enough avoiddecidingon abstractques-
tions. But tbey may be induced to keep themselves
within its limits."
Again in a letter to the same gentleman
dated Poplar Forest, September 11, 1818, lie
says :
" That we are bound to defrav its expenses within
our own time, and unauthorized to burden posterity
with them, I suppose to have been proved in my
former letter. I will place the question nevertheless
in an additional point of view. The formerregarded
their independent right over the earth; this over
their own persons. There have existed nations and
civilized andlearned nations who have thought that
a father had a right to sell his child as a slave in
perpetuity; that he could alienate his body and
industry conjointly, and cI fortiori his industry sepa-
rately, and consume. its fruits himself. A nation
asserting this fratricidal right might well suppose
they could burden with public as well as private
debt their nciti natorum et qui nascentur at illis.
"But we, in this age and in this country especially,
are advanced beyond those notions of natural law.
We acknowledge that our children are born free;
that that freedom is the gift of nature, and not of
him who begot them; that though under our care
during infancy, and therefore of necessity under a
duly tempered authority, that care is confided to us
to be exercised for the preservation and good of the
child only; and his labors during youth aregiven as
a retribution for the charges of infancy. As he was
never the property of his father, so when adult ho is
sui juris, entitled himself to the use of his own limbs
and the fruits of his own exertions; so far we are
advauced without mind enough, it seems, to take the
whole step. We believe, or we act as if we believed,
that although an individual father cannot alienate
the labor of his son, the aggregate body of fathers
may alienate the labor of all thcirsons, of their pos-
terity in the aggregate, and oblige them to pay for
all the enterprises, just or unjust, profitable or ruin-
ous, into which our vices, our passions, or our per-
sonal interests may lead us. But I trust that this
proposition needs only to be looked at by an Ameri-
can to be seen in its true point of view, and that we
shall all consider ourselves unauthorized to saddle
posteiity with our debts, and morally bound to pay
them ourselves; and consequently within wbat may
be deemed the period of a generation, or the life of
the majority. In my former letter I supposed this
to be alittlo over twenty years. We must raise,then,
ourselves the money for this war, either by taxes
within the year or by loans: and if by loans, we
must repay them ourselves, proscribing forever the
English practice of perpetual funding, the ruinous
consequences of which—putting rip ht out of the
question—should be a sufficient warning to a consid-
erate nation to avoid the example."
I say, then, if any gentleman will propose a
return to specie payments to-morrow lie shall
have my vote.
The gentleman talks about approaching
specie payments gradually. Sir, when we
approach specie payments we shall do so at
once, whether it be sooner or whether it be
later ; and we may as well meet it now as to
meet it next year, or to meet it ten years from
this time. If we would adopt that bold finan-
cial policy which would make all our issues,
all our Treasury notes, all our obligations, equal
to coin, and put them upon a specie basis, in
my opinion it would relieve us of all our finan-
cial troubles, embarrassments, and specula-
tions, theoretically and practically, i knuw
very well that in England, after specie pay-
ments had been suspended twenty years, a bold
stroke of statesmanship proposed the resump-
tion of specie payments, to the horror of all
timid men. Yet experience showed that the
apprehended danger was but a scarecrow that
had been hanging before them for years, and
the very moment they boldly met it and brushed
it out of the way, all trouble vanished. A bold
financial policy that will declare the converti-
bility of our currency is^ue into coin, in my
opinion, will solve the financial problem, as
well as the political problem that lies behind it.
But this bill, 1 apprehend, at least I fear,
will not only give no relief, will not only not
disembarrass us, but will put our national
debt beyond the future control of legislation ;
instead of making things better it will put them
in such a situation that we cannot prevent their
becoming worse. I am unwilling by our pres-
ent legislation to fasten this debt upon the
country for forty years.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Broomall to the amendmeut of the
Committee on Ways and Means.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope the gentleman
"will withdraw his amendment to the amend-
ment.
Mr. BROOMALL. I will, on condition that
the gentleman will renew it.
Mr. GAHFIELp. I renew the amendment
to the amendment for the purpose of saying
that 1 was greatly surprised at the statement
made by the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means [Mr. Schenck] in regard
to the law. Now, I may be wrong in my
understanding of the law ; but if I am, and he
is right, then there is, in my mind, this fatal
objection to the section, lhat it allows an
increase of the currency, and I should use my
utmost exertions to have it stricken out.
I understood the gentleman to say that the
Secretary of the Treasury has power under
existing law to increase the volume of currency
in this country by new issues to $450,000,000.
Now, I admit that as the law originally stood,
as passed June 30, 1864, the Secretary of the
Treasury was authorized to issue $400,000,000
of currency; that was the limit. There was
an additional provision, however, that for the
purpose of redeeming a special class of securi-
ties, temporary loans, there might be tempo-
rarily issued §50,000,000 more. That was the
law up to April 12, 1800. But on the 12th of
April, 1800, a law was passed authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to put a loan on the
market, specifying what description of loan it
should be. The law gave him very ample
authority. Its object was expressed in these
words :
/'To authorize the Secretary of the Treasury, at
his discretion, to receive any Treasury notes, or other
obligations issued under any aetot Congress, whether
bearing interest or not, in exchange tor any descrip-
tion of bond's authorized by the act ro which this is
an amendment; and atso to dispose of any descrip-
tion ot bonds authorized by said act, either in the
United States or elsewhere, to such an arnounr, in
such manner, and at such rates as he may think
advisable, for lawful money of the United States, or
for any Treasury notes, certificates of indebtedness,
or certificates of deposit, or other representatives of
value, wilich have been or which may be issued under
any act ot Congress, the proceeds thereof to be used
only tor retiring Treasury notes or other obligations
issued under any act of Congress; but nothing herein
contained shall be construed to authorize any increase
of the public debt."
Now, notice the sweeping authority here con-
ferred, that the Secretary may sell these bonds,
and shall use the proceeds coming from their
sale for the purpose, and only for the purpose, of
retiring notes and other forms of indebtedness.
Mr. ALLISON. Not United States note ,
but Treasury notes.
Mr. GARFIELD. I beg the gentleman's
pardon; United States note3 are specially
named. This is the provision :
Provided, That of United States notes not more
than  10,000,DOI) may be retired and canceled wilhi.i
six months after the passage of this act, and thcre-
atter not more than $4,000,000 in any one month.
Mr. PIKE. It says "for lawful money."
Mr. GARFIELD. Certainly. f This law
authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to
sell the loan and use the proceeds for this sole
purpose ; and lest he should retire and cancel
the Treasury notes too rapidly under this
authority conferred, he was restricted to
§10,000,000 the first six months,and $-4,000,000
monthly thereafter. Now, sir, every dollar
that he retired and canceled under the provis-
ions of this act and the restriction in the pro-
viso was absolutely retired and blotted out, and
was thereafter no more a part of our currency
than as though it never had been authorized.
Hence all the money that was in existence
when, this law was passed has been reduced by
the extent of the retirement ana cancellation
which has since taken place. The balance is
the lawful money authorized by the laws of
the United States, and there is not a dollar
more authorized, unless it. be the $50,000,000
to which my friend from Iowa [Mr. Aixtsonj
has referred for the specific arid temporary
purpose of canceling a temporary loan.
[Here the hammer fell.]
