1868,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1117
if any, other than the officers authorized by \&vr are
now employed as counsel by said Department, and
lor what compensation, and how paid or agreed to ha
Paid, and under what authority such counsel have
been retained and employed, and for what purpose;
and that he be also directed to state what duties are
performed by the examiner of claims in said Depart-
ment, and whether such office has become necessary;
and that he bo at liberty to omit in his statement the
expenses attending the arrest and bringing home of
John H. Surratt.
And thenr on motion of Mr. FAUNS-
WORTH, (at four o'clock and forty-five min-
utes p. m.,) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BOUTWELL: A memorial of Henry
Burrows, of Lowell, Massachusetts, and others,
in reference to taxation and the public expend-
itures
By Mr. BUCKLAND: The petition of Rufus
Briggs and 35 others, citizens of Painsville,
Ohio, for the reduction of the expenses and
taxes of the Government to a peace basis, and
an adjustment of the revenue law, so as to
keep the balance of trade in favor of the Uni-
ted States.
By Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas: A concur-
rent resolution of the Legislature of the State
of Kansas, requesting Congress to so change
the laws and rules relative to settlement upon
lands in the State of Kansas along the line
first prescribed for the Union Pacific railway,
eastern division, by way of the valley of the
Republican river, in the State of Kansas,
(which line lias been changed,) that the ear-
lier settlers, who were permitted to settle upon
only eighty acres of land, may obtain an
amount of land equal to that which has been
granted to persons settling since the change
in the said line of railway.
Also, a concurrent resolution of the Legisla-
ture of the State of Kansas, instructing the
Senators and requesting the Representatives
from the State to secure the extinguishment of
the Indian title to a certain portion of the
diminished Osage reservation, and upon the
making of a treaty for the same to insist that
the tide to the lands shall inure to the Govern-
ment of the United States and shall be subject
to the laws regulating the settlement of public
lands.
Also, a concurrent resolution of the Legisla-
ture of the State of Kansas, asking a change
of the jurisdiction of the United States courts
pertaining to the Indian country south of Kan-
sas, from the Territory of Arkansas to the State
of Kansas.
Also, a concurrent resolution of the Legisla-
ture of the State of Kansas relative to the with-
drawal from settlement or disposal of the lands
along the route of the Union Pacific-railroad.
Also, a concurrent resolution of the Legisla-
ture of the State of Kansas, relative to the sale
of the Shawnee lands in the State of Kansas.
Also, a concurrent resolution of the Legisla-
ture of the State of Kansas, relative to the sale
of the Cherokee neutral lands and to the sale
of large bodies of lands in the State of Kansas
to speculators.
Also, a concurrent resolution of the Legisla-
ture of the State of Kansas, respectfully demand-
ing of Congress the passage of a law for the
protection of American citizens traveling in
foreign countries.
Also, a joint resolution of the Legislature of
the State of Kansas, instructing the Senators
and requesting the Representative from the
State of Kansas in Congress to etfect arrange-
ments by which settlers upon the Cherokee
neutral lands shall have the right to purchase
said lands, or, that all purchases heretofore
made shall be annulled and the Government
become the purchaser of the entire tract.
By Mr. ELIOT: The petition of Joseph C.
Delano, Oliver Prescott and others, tax-
payers and producers of the United States,
praying for reduction of taxes and expenses.
liy Mr. FARNSWORTH : The petition of
N. C. Thompson and others, of Rockford, Illi-
nois, for decrease of expenditures and taxa-
tion, &c.
By Mr. O'NEILL: The petition ofHinman
L. Hall, late of company D, ninety-seventh
New York volunteers, whose claim for pension
on account of total blindness, caused by ex-
posure while in the service, was rejected by
the Commissioner of Pensions, asking that
Congress may grant him a pension, which is
indorsed by Governor John W. Geary, ex-
Governors Curtin and Pollock, Jay Cook &
Co., Morton McMichael, and many other prom-
inent citizens of Pennsylvania.
By Mr. PERHAM: The petition of Sarah
S. Benedict for pension.
By Mr. ROBINSON : A memorial of
Thomas Antisell, of the District of Columbia,
calling attention to the decay of the cinchona
trees in their native forests, and asking for the
establishment of domestic plantations of these
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of E. E.
Barney and 78 others, citizens of Dayton,
Ohio, praying Congress to remove the internal
taxes from all industrial pursuits.
Also, the petition of E. E. Barney and 00
others, citizens of Dayton, Ohio, praying Con-
gress to establish a bureau of civil service.
By Mr. VAN AERNAM : The petition of
454 citizens of Cattaraugus county, New York,
praying Congress to take some action for the
protection of the rights of American citizens
abroad.
Also, resolutions adopted by a mass meet-
ing held at Olean, New York, on the same
subject.
By Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana: A memo-
rial for the relief of John S. Davis, commander
United States Navy.
By Mr. WOODWARD: The petition of cit-
izens of Pennsylvania for the reduction of the
tax on petroleum and for an ad valorem, duty
instead of the specific tax.
Also, the petition of numerous citizens of
the twelfth congressional district, Pennsyl-
vania, for such legislation as will define the
status of naturalized citizens of the United
States before the world and compel Great
Britain to recognize the validity of American
naturalization.
IN SENATE. *
Wednesday, February 12, 1808.
Prayer by Rev. A. D. Gillette, D. D., of
Washington, District of Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. RAMSEY presented apetition of Matthew
Wright, asking relief for destruction of property
by the Sioux Indians in 1862, and by soldiers in
1855 and 1850 ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. FOWLER presented a memorial of hon-
orably discharged officers of the late Army to
suppress rebellion, protesting against the pas-
sage of the bill prohibiting the payment of the
difference between eleven and sixteen dollars
per month in the pay of officers' servants from
May 1, 1804, to March 8, 1805 : which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented a petition of
citizens of Indiana, praying an extension of
the Ladoga and Parkersburg mail route, No.
1222-i, to Cairo, in Putnam county, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
papers withdrawn amd referred.
On motion of Mr. TIPTON, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Moses Olinbtead, on
the tiles of the Senate, be referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
recommittal op a bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to recommit
the bill (S. No. 204) to provide for the appoint-
ment of a supervising surgeon of marine hos-
pitals of the United States, reported a few
days since from the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
HEPOKTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, who were instructed by a resolution
adopted on the 5th of December last to report
relative to changes made in the organization
of the several navy-yards of the United States,
submitted a report; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred a
resolution of the Legislature of the State of
Vermont requesting the Representatives and
Senators in Congress from that State to use
their influence for a modification of the na-
tional bankinglaw, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 205) to regulate
the taxation of the capital stock of national
' banks, reported adversely thereon, and moved
its indefinite postponement, a law having been
already passed on the same subject.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. YATES, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, to whom was recommitted the bill (S.
No. 11) to admit the State of Colorado into
.the Union, reported it with an amendment, and
. submitted a report; which was ordered to be
printed. He gave notice that he proposed to
call up the bill on some early clay next week.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution (S. 11. No. 77) declaratory of the mean-
ing of the act of March 3, 1807, entitled "An
act to provide for the prompt settlement of
public accounts," asked to be discharged from
its further consideration: which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, reported
a bill (S. No. 350) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide for the prompt settlement
of public accounts," approved March 3, 1867;
which was read and passed to a second reading.
bills introduced.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 348) declaring the State of Alabama re-
stored to the right of representation in Con-
gress ; w liich was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CONNESS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 349) granting aid in the construction of a
railroad from the town of Vallejo to Humboldt
bay, in the State of California; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORGAN asked, and by unanimous
Cur.sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 100) relative to fixing an
exterior line in New York harbor on both sides
of Hudson river; which was read twice by its
title.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce if there be no objection.
Mr. MORGAN. That committee would be
entirely satisfactory to me. but 1 believe it
would be more satisfactory to the Senator from
New Jersey to have the resolution referred to
tho Committee on the Judiciary.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will he
' referred to that committee, no objection being
| made.
! CENTRAL BRANCH PACIFIC RAILROAD.
! Mr. HOWARD. I now ask tho Senate to
| postpone all other orders and take up the bill
! (S. No. 25fi) relating to the Central Branch
I Union Pacific Railroad Company.
1 Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will
! allow me to call up a resolution on the table.
! Mr. HOWARD. I make the motion that
i the Senate do as they please about it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up the bill indicated by tho
Senator from Michigan.
