3166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June M
must protest against the committee bein*j
choked down without an opportunity to make
an explanation.
ordei-6 The*gentleman is not in
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We have
voted away about two million dollars to eive
extra pay to the clerks in the Departments,
and I am opposed to remaining here to impose
additional taxes on the people to pay that
extra allowance.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois is not in order,
Mr. MAYNARD. I have made a motion
to reconsider the vote by which the House
refused to lay the resolution on the table : and
on that motion I call for the yeas and nays.
lhe SI EAKER. The yeas and nays can-
not be taken on reconsidering the vote by which
the previous question was seconded, because
the vote on seconding the previous ques-
tion cannot be taken by yeas and nays.
Mr. MAYNAltD. My motion is to recon
• siuer the vote on laying on the table,
lhe SPEAKER. Did the gentle
" with the majority ?
Mr. MAYNARD. I did. I changed my
vote for the purpose of making this motion.
1 lie SPEAKER. The gentleman moves to
reconsider the vote by which the House refused
to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. MAYNARD. Am I not entitled to lhe
floor on that'!
J ho^SPEAKER. You arc not, for two rea-
sons. The motion to reconsider the vote refus-
ing to lay the resolution 011 the table is not
debatable, nor is the motion to lay on the table
debatable.
Mr. MAYNARD. I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. MAYNARD. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
ihe question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 71, nays 62, not voting
66 ; as follows :
gentleman vote
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtcll,Barnes.Bea-
mau.Beek, Benjamin, Blaine, Blair, Boyer.Buekland,
Jiiirr, JJutler, Gary, Oovodo. Dawes, Delano, Dixon,
i)odge, Donnelly, Eliot, Fcrriss, Ferry, Fields. G-loss-
brennei,Uolladay,0> rover, Ltalsey, Harding,Hawkins,
llolman, Hotchkiss, Huiburd, Humphrey, Johnson,
Julian, keisey, Knott. ICoontz, Laflin, Lincoln,
Loughndgc, Lynch. Mallory, Marvin, McCarthv.Mc-
Cormick, Mereur, Moore, Peters, Price, Pruyn.'ltan-
V'Ui Acrnaui, Van Trump, Ward, Oadwalader C.
Washburn, Ehhu H.Washburne. andWoodward—71.
i^AYb—.Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Delosll. Ashley,
wold, lligby, Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D. llubbard,
lngersoli, Jenekes. Judd, Kitchen, Loan, Logan,
Maynard, McClur^, Miller, Morrell. Mullins, Myers,
JN'ewoomb, Niblack, O'Neill, Paine, Pile, Plants, Pol-
sley, Porneroy, llaum, Sawyer, Schenck, Aaron F.
Stevens, Stewart. Stokes. Taffe, Taylor, Twichell,
Robert T. Van Horn, Welker, Thomas Williams,
and William Williams—62.
NOT VOi'I-NG—Messrs. Ames, Arnoll, Baldwin,
Barnura, Bromwell, Brooks, Broomall, Ohanler,
Churchill, Driggs, Eidridge, Finney, Fox,(ret'z,Grave-
ly, ilaight, Hill, Asahci W. llubbard, iliohard D.
Hubbard, Hunter. Jones, KelJey, Kerr, Keteham,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Marshall,
McCu!lough, Moorhead,Morrissey, Mungcn, Nichol-
son, Xunn, Orth, Perluun, Phelps, Pike, Poland,
Robertson, Iioss, Scofield, Selye, Sitgreaves, Smith,
John Trimble, Van Auken, Burt Van Horn, Van
Wjck, Hemy D. Washburn, William B. Washbuin,
James F.Wilson, John T.Wilson,Stephen F.Wilson,
Wnidom, Wood, and Woodbridge—5(5.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
lablo
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to reconsider the
■\ote by which the previous question was sec-
onded. I want to see whether this House will
accept any explanation, [Cries of " Order !J!j
Mr. MAYNARD. I make another motion.
I move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That comes
from the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. MAYNAKD. I give notice 
[Cries of " Order I" ]
The SPEAKER. If gentlemen persist in
speaking when called to order, the Chair will
be compelled to bring the matter to the notice
of the House.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I ask that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have five minutes
for explanation.
Mr. HARDING-. I object.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the adjournment. If the House ad
journs the Committee of Ways and Means,
being refused any opportunity of explanation
upon this floor in relation to the condition of
the bill and how speedily wc may have action
on it, we may be able to reach the country
through the public press. [Cries of.u Order !"]
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 20, nays 104, not voting
G5; as follows:
YEAS—Me^srs. Anderson, Blair. Boyer. Cake, Sid-
ney Uaiko, Cook. Cornell, Ferriss, Glossbrenner,
Harding, Judd, Ivitchon, Nibl.ick, O'Neill, Polsley,
Kandnll, Aaron b\ Stevens, Robert T. Van Horn,
William Williams, and John T. Wilson—20.
—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Archer, Delos
It. Asshlev, Axtell, Bailey, Baker, Barnes, Beaman,
l>eatty, Beck, Benjamin. Benton, Boutwell, Bnek-
land, Burr, Butler.Cary, Church ill. Reader W.Clarke,
Cobb,Coburn.Covode,Cultom, Dawes, Delano, Dodge,
Donnelly, Kekley, Ingles ton, Ela, Eliot,
1<arnsworth. Ferry,Fields,Garfield,Golladay,Grave-
ly, Groyer, llabey, lligby, llolman, Hopkins, Hotch-
kiss, Chester D. llubbard, llulburd, Humphrey,
Johnson, J ulian, Keisey, Knott. ICoontz,Laflin, Lin-
coln, Loan, Loughridge, Lynch, Mallory, Marvin,
?r-YfnAr& 1by, MeClurg, McCormick, Mcreur,
Miller, Moore, Morrell, Mullins, Myer.«, Neweomb,
e, 1 eter«, Pile, Plants, Porneroy, Price, Pruj'n,
Pame,
ltauui, Sawyer, Scolield,Shanks„Shellabarger, Spald-
ing, Stju kwcather, Thaddous Stevens, Stewai t,
Stokes, labor, Tafle, Tavlor, Thomas. Lawrence S.
J rnnble, lrowbridgc,Twichell, Upson, Van Aernam,
\^n Irump, \\ aid, Cnd^alader C. Washburn, Ehhu
Wiishbiirno, Henry D.Washburn, Welker, and
Woodward—10i.
KOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Arnell, James M.
Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Barnutn, Bingham, Blaine,
Bromwell, Brooks, Jiroouiall. Chanler, Dixon, Eld-
riuge, 1< in ney, Fox, Getz, Giiswold, Ilaight, Haw-
kins. Hill, Hooper, Amabel XV. llubbard, Richard I),
llubbard. Hunter, lngersoll, Jenekes, Jones, Ivei-
tey, Kerr, Kete.mn, George V. Lawrence, William
Lawrence, Logan, Marshall, McCullough, Moor-
head, Mom.^ey, Mungen, Nicholson, Nuun, Orth,
Per ham, Phelpt-, Pike. Poland, Robertson, Robin-
son, Ro>s, Sehenek. Selye, Sitgreavc^, Smith, Stone,
John lnmbie, Van Auken, Burt Van Horn, Van
Wye f, Milliam B. \V ash burn, Thomas Williams,
James F. \\ilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom,
Wood, and Woodbridge—Go.
So the House refused to adjourn.
llie question recurred on reconsidering the
vote by which the previous question was
seconded.
Mr. SCHENCK. On that I ask for tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. PILE. I think there will be no objec-
tion to the chairman of the committee being
heard fifteen minutes.
Mr. BUILKH. I will consent, provided
somebody may be allowed the same time to
answer.
Mr. BENJAMIN". I object.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
to lay on the table the motion to reconsider.
Mr. SCHENCK. Can the yeas and nays
be called on that motion?
'Ihe SPEAKER. They cannot.
Mr. SCIIENOK. Then I ask for tellers.
I ellers were ordered ; and the Chair appoint-
ed Messrs. Swiexck and Shuts.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 03, noes 52.
The question recurred on ordering the main
qu estion.
Mr. SCHENCK. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MAYNAIID. I move that the IIousc
take a recess till half past seven o'clock this
evening.
The bPEAKEPi. The Chair thinks that
motion in order. The only doubt the Chair
lias is that the House is actifig' under the pre-
vious question. The Clerk will read the rule
in relation to recess.
lhe Clerk read as follows:
•'Where it is convenient that the business of the
House be suspended for a short time, as for a confer-
once presently to bo held, &e„ it adjourns during
pleastfre. But it is not in order pending a motion to
suspend-the rules, so as to take an immediate rota
on a pending proposition."
The SPEAKER. . No motion to suspend
the rules is now pending, and the motion" for
a recess is in order.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Will a motion to sus-
pend the rule to allow the Committee of Wajs
and Means to be heard a few minutes be in
order ?
The SPEAKER. That motion will be in
order, because the rule in regard to suspending
the rules applies on Monday to anything before
the House at the time.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I make that motion.
Mr. BUTLER. Add to it that those opposed
may have an equal length of time.
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend
the rules will not be in order till after the vote
is taken on the motion to tak§ a recess.
Mr. MAYNARD. I withdraw the motion
for a recess.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I then move to suspend
the rules to allow the Committee of Ways and
Means half an hour to speak upon the original
motion, to reler this subject back to the com-
mittee, and also to allow the friends of the
motion fifteen minutes in addition.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
to amend the motion by saying half an hour to
each side. m
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend
the rules cannot be amended.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will modify my motion
in the way suggested by my colleague, so as to
allow the friends of the motion half an hour.
Ihe question being taken on suspending the
rules, it was agreed to—ayes 76, noes 36 j two
tliirdls having voted in the affirmative.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, I do not
desire to go on myself. After hearing what
gentlemen have to say in opposition, I will
allow some of my colleagues on the committee
to reply.
Mr. BUTLER. I rise to a point of order in
regard to the debate. As this is an argument
upon the pending* motion of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Shanks,] I desire to in-
quire whether it is for the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means to close the
debate, or for those to whom he shall give the
time allowed to the committee?
The SPEAKER. The order of the House
controls that question. The rules having'been
suspended, whateverusage may prevail on that
subject is also suspended. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. ScofieldJ will cor-
rect the Chair if he is wrong, but he under-
stood the motion to be to allow a half an hour
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and a
half an hour in reply to those who are in favor
of the pending resolution.
Mr. SCOFIELD. 1 think that was the way
the motion was made.
Mr. SCHENCK. Any way the House pleases.
Mr. Speaker, after the decisive vote that was
given the otherday when au attempt was made
to resist going into Committee of the Whole
to consider this bill at all, I supposed we had
passed the point and had reached that view
and condition of the subject that the House,
or at least all on this side of the House, would
unite in endeavoiing to ptiyh this bill through
and perfect it in such a manner as to be ablo
at the earliest possible time to send it to the
Senate. I have looked at that vote, and find in
it that which part surprises me, and that which
does not. At that time the House decided to
go on with the bill by a vote of 82 against 57.
Seventy-five oftheeighty-two were Republicans
in this House, Of the fifty-seven nearly one
half were Democrats. Nearly every Demo-
crat voted against it with the exception of two
gentlemen who vote with us and sustain us,
being members of the Committee of W'aysahd
Means, and having devoted their time to this
whole matter—the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Brooks] and the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Niblack.] With these two exceptions,
nearly every Democrat, except four or five,
voted not to go on with this business.
