1118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 12,
Mr. HOWE. I want to say two things to
the Senator from Michigan, and I have not
the slightest objection to the Senate's hearing
them. _ One is that I think this bill is of too
much importance to proceed to the considera-
tion of it 111 the morning hour. But, however
that may be, I think the Senator from Michi-
gan ought to let the bill which was partially
considered yesterday during the morning hour
come to a vote. It is a very small matter to
the Government, but a very important one to
the claimant, and it will doubtless take but a
very little time to consider it. I wish the Senator
would withdraw his motion and let that bill
come up. It is really in order, I suppose,
being the unfinished business of the morning
hour. The claimant is a constituent of the
Senator, and I think he ought to do as much
as that for her.
Mr. HOWARD. I am quite aware that the
lady alluded to by the Senator from Wisconsin
is a constituent of mine: but we shall have
time to act on that bill. I can assure him that
I look with favor upon the bill itself, and shall
vote for it when it comes before the Senate;
but this is a bill in which a great number of
persons are deeply interested, and they are in
expectation that Congress will act upon it at
an early day in the session. It has been once
before the Senate and partially discussed. I
do not think it will occupy a great deal of liUie
at present. I hope, therefore, the Senate will
take it up.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I trust not. I have
looked somewhat at that bill, but not so much
as I desire to do; and I do think,with the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, that it is altogether too
important a bill, involving between two and
three millions of money out of the public
Treasury, to be taken up and passed helter-
skelter from time to time in the morning hour.
I know that railroads seem now to have a sort
of right to take possession of both branches
of Congress ; but on the whole I think if they
have, their measures ought to be taken up
when they can be properly and deliberately
considered, and not forced into the morning
hour, to the exclusion of the proper business
of that hour.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Mich-
igan, to take up the bill mentioned by him.
The motion was not agreed to.
HEIRS OP GENERAL I. I). RICHARDSON.
Mr. HOWE. I move now that the Senate
Ei'oceed to the consideration of the unfinished
usiness of the morning hour yesterday.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
302) for the relief of the heirs of the late Major
General I. B. Richardson,deceased, thepend-
ing question being on the passage of the bill.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 know, sir, how ungra-
cious a thing it is to oppose a bill of this char-
acter. We are told that it is in behalf of
the widow of a deceased soldier, of one who
deserved well of his country, and gave the
highest evidence of that deserving by sacri-
ficing his life in its cause. There can be no
gratilication to me in opposing an appropria-
tion of money that is founded upon any rea-
sonable ground of right for such a purpose. I
am quite aware of that; but I am also aware
that unless this bill be amended, unless it be
understood that it shall not constitute a pre-
cedent, it is a very dangerous bill to pass. I
desire it understood at the same time that I
have no objection to votings given amountof
money to the person in whose behalf this bill
is to be passed ; that the few dollars involved
in the bilL are averysmall matter to the nation,
and in regard to that point I have 110 care what-
ever; but that innumerable claims will be
founded upon it, unless some condition or
prohibition is appended to it, I am also sure.
Having said thus much, I feel that I have dis-
charged my duty in the case.
Mr. HOWE. I will only say one word. The
great merit, I think, after all, of this claim is
that it is founded upon a statute.
Mr. CONNESS. Let us hear the statute.
Mr. HOWE. I will t-ead it:
"That if any Indian or Indians belonging to any
tribe in amity with the United States shall, within
the Indian country, take or destroy the property of
any person lawfully within such country, or shall
pass from the Indian country into nny Stale or Ter-
ritory inhabited by citizens of the United States, and
there take, steal, or destroy any horse, horses, or
other property belonging to any citizen or inhabitant
of the United States, such citizen or inhabitant, his
representative, attorney, or agent, may make appli-
cation to the proper superintendent, agent, or sub-
agent, who, upon being furnished with the necessary
documents and proofs, shall, under the direction of
the President, make application to the nation or tribe
to which said Indian or Indians shall belong for satis-
faction; and if such nation or tribe shall neglect or
refuse to make satisfaction in a reasonable time, not
exceeding twelve months, it shall bethedutyof such
superintendent, agent, or sub-agent to make return
of his doings to the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
that such further steps may be taken as shall be
proper, in the opinion of the President, to obtain
satisfaction of the injury; and, in the mean time, in
respect to theproperty so taken, stolen, ordestroyed,
the United States guaranty to the party so injured
an eventual indemnification: Provided, That if such
injured party, his representative, attorney, or agent,
shall, in any way, violate any of the provisions of
this act. by seeking or attempting to obtain privato
satisfaction or revenge, he shall forfeit all claim upon
the United States for such indemnification: And
provided also. That unless such claim shall be pre-
sented within three years after the commission of the
injuiy the same shall be barred. And if the nation
or tribe to which such Indian may belong receive an
annuity from the United States, such claim shall,
at the next payment of the annuity, be deducted
therefrom and paid to the party injured; and if no
annuity is payable to such nation or tribe, then the
amount of the claim shall be paid from the Treasury
of the United States: Provided, That nothing herein
contained shall prevent tho legal apprehension and
punishment of any Indians having so offended."
Mr. FESSENDEN. _ I ask the Senator
whether that act in its spirit applies to officers
of the Army who go into the Indian country
on business connected with the Army? Is it not
intended to apply to persons who are residing
and doing private business there?
Mr. HOWE. The language is, "shall within
the Indian country take or destroy the prop-
erty of any person lawfully within such terri-
tory.1'
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator will allow
me I will inquire the date of that act?
Mr. HOWE. June 30, 1834.
Mr. HARLAN. I will inquire of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin if he has examined an
amendment to that law, enacted, I think, in
1850?
Mr. -HOWE. This property was lost in 1852.
This act, I b^eve, has been repealed since,
some time about 1856, but it was not repealed
until after this property was lost.
Mr. HARLAN. The depredation was com-
mitted before the law was amended?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the title of that
act?
Mr. HOWE. " An act to regulate trade and
intercourse with the Indian tribes and to pre-
serve peace on the frontiers.'' I read section sev-
enteen. This is all I mean to say on this bill. The
precedent, as I said yesterday, is already estab-
lished. Many claims have been passed under
this very act. The act itself, I understand, has
been repealed. I think I am not mistaken
about that. I do not think this is exactly the
case on which we ought to set aside a statute
or establish a new precedent.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator from Wis-
consin will consent to the amendment which
I send to the Chair I shall have no objection
to the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the passage of the bill, and an amend-
ment is not now in order.
Mr. CONNESS. I knew that; but if it is
read and approved by the Senator I will then
move to reconsider the thiid reading of the bill
so that it may be amended in that particular
Mr. CHANDLER. I merely wish to say that
I believe this to be as just a bill as was ever
presented here. It may look to Senators very
small; it is only ยง400. It is small; but it is
a sum that is very important to the widow and
heirs of General Richardson. It will be remem-
bered that he was killed at Antietam, leaving
a wife and one child. I believe this to be as
just a claim as has ever been passed through
thi^ body, and I hope there will be no objection
to its passage.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know but that
this is a very just claim. The only point of
interest to me is to know whether there is any
reason why this claim should be paid arising
from the fact that General Richardson was an
officer in the Army; whether the committee
put the payment of this claim on' the ground
that he was an officer in the Army.
Mr. HOWE. No.
Mr. POMEROY. If not on that ground
then it is on the ground that lie was a citizen
of the United States 
Mr. HOWE. And lawfully within the Indian
country.
Mr. POMEROY. And lawfully within the
Indian country. That applies to more than
one hundred cases. I think I can safely say
that there are more than a hundred cases that
I know of where we have always refused pay-
ment, or at least where no payment has been
allowed. Citizens of my State are constantly
going across the continent on the regularly
traveled road, and are legally within the Indian
country, and they have their stock.stolen, and
not one of them is entitled to any pay.
Mr. WILLEY. Let me ask the Senator
whether the depredations he now speaks of, for
which claims are presented, were not since the
repeal of the law under -which this claim is
presented ?
Mr. POMEROY. There may be some tech-
nicality in regard to the repeal of the law ; but
I am speaking of the claim on its merits. The
Senator from Michigan spoke of this claim as
commending itself to us on its merits. If so,
the claims of which I speak stand upon equal
merit, and there is no more justice in allowing
this than those. I understand that if this claim
is allowed it becomes a precedent to press other
claims of a similar character that may amount
to millions.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator give me
the floor to make a motion?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to reconsider the
vote ordering the bill to be engrossed for a
third reading, so as to offer the amendment I
have sent up, which I think will be satisfactory
to the Senator and to the Senate.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. Now I offer this amend-
ment, to come in as a proviso:
Provided, however, That nothing herein contained
shall be construed to establish a precedent for allow-
ing compensation for losses sustained by the conduct
of the Indians.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not understand that
we can legislate that a thing shall not be a pre-
cedent ; the fact that we pass it makes it a pre-
cedent. It becomes a precedent when payment
is made ; and our saying in the law that it shall
not be a precedent does not prevent it being a
precedent.
Mr. CONNESS. This is a case, so far ag
the owners of the claim are concerned, as I
know, of peculiar merit. I cannot rise in the
Senate and oppose the payment of this claim,
as I before stated, for the amount involved;
but I represent a part of tJie country full of
claims that may be sent in here for consideration
unless we resolve to pass this, not regarding it
as a precedent. I am aware of the apparent
contradiction that the Senator alludes to: at
the same time 1 am willing to pass this bill, and
very cheerfully, too, if it is not to be considered
as a rule under which their claims are to come
here of great extent.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to- ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Claims, who has
charge of this bill, if he is quite confident that
the_ law under which he proposes to pay this
claim has been repealed?
Mr. CONNESS. He has already stated that
it hi<s been.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It is possible he may be
mistaken. My impression is that the law has
not been repealed, but is still in full force and
effect. I know that persons living in the State
