1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I could understand that, because these gen-
tlemen have not the responsibility that I had
supposed the Republican party felt in the legis-
lation in which we are engaged. Gentlemen
of the Republican party will say, however,
that their object is not to shirk this responsi-
bility, but to reach such a position of things
that we may meet the most crying demands of
the country, legislate in regard to tobacco and
distilled spirits, and leave everything to await
future legislation that concerns other matters
connected with the public revenue. The first
reply I have to make in behalf of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means to that, is this: we
have spent—I need not say how laboriously—
more than five months in preparing the bill.
We have had before us hundreds and thousands
of persons representing all the various inter-
ests of the country in relation to these subjects.
We have attempted to present a bill which
should be an entirety, a bill which should
cover the whole ground, and a bill which, con-
sidering all subjects, as well those continued,
those changed, and those released from burdens,
would in the aggregate give us means to sup-
port and carry on the Government by supply-
ing sufficient revenue. It is proposed now to
break the entirety of this bill, and to confine
the attention of Congress to legislating only
upon distilled spirits and tobacco. And when
is that motion made? Why, when in the bill
before us, we have passed over one hundred
and seventy-six pages of it and there are little
more than the same number, perhaps, remain-
ing, being almost entirely made up of these
subjects of tobacco and distilled spirits. And
the fact is, as I feel free to explain to the House,
that this very morning, having taken up the
bill at the point at which it was left on Satur-
day by the House, we find that the next sub-
ject is " lotteries." We do not suppose that,
so far as lotteries and theaters are concerned,
there is really any disposition to legislate, not
in accord with the committee in their behalf,
and that from these things a little more rev-
enue might be raised. Yet these are to be
cut off.
We come next to mineral oils. After full
discussion of that subject, hearing, as we are
accustomed to do, all the interests of the coun-
try, and after considerable deliberation, the
committee have come to the conclusion to
move to strike out all the sections in relation
to mineral oils excepting the one hundred and
thirty-second section, which provides against
explosive compounds, and leave mineral oils
among the general manufactures of the coun-
try relating to useful articles. That would
have disposed of fourteen pages more of the
bill. And then, after a few minutes more of
work, I feel warranted in saying to the House
and the country less than hall'the bill would have
remained. And that remaining portion, with
the exception of incomes and legacies, where
very little change is made from the present
law, and 110 changes except such as have been
suggested by members of the House, and on
which we find there will be general concur-
rence— nearly the whole of that remaining
portion of the bill is made up of the two sub-
jects of tobacco and its manufactures and
distilled spirits.
Just when the House has reached these sub-
jects, just when we stand before the country
ready to take up these matters and dispose of
them, having completed the rest of our work,
and being ready to report it to the House to be
put upon its passage, we find this exhibition
of opposition made here ; made with the con-
currencc, I admit, of nearly the united Demo-
cratic party here, and made also, to our sur-
prise, with the concurrence of about one third
or a little more of the members on this side of
the House with whom we are accustomed to
act.
Now, sir, it must be obvious that there is
some reason underneath all this #hich the
Committee of Ways and Means cannot com-
prehend. What is it? Gentlemen think in
good faith, as I am bound to believe, that a
bill might be brought in relating to the subjects
of tobacco and distilled spirits, short, brief,
covering all the ground necessary upon these
subjects, and passed through the House and
Senate, so that we may speedily go home.
Now, I undertake to say, in the first place,
that a very large proportion of this bill in rela-
tion to those two subjects, although made up
of various details in relation to the mode of
collecting the taxes, and the mode of prevent-
ing frauds, almost all those details mnstneces-
sarily be incorporated in any bill that may be
passed upon this subject. Even if we should
report a bill upon those subjects alone, we
should feel compelled, with the views we have
acquired after months of examination, to retain
those features to a very great extent. We
should do.this, whether the tax on whisky be
put up or down ; and I have before notified the
House that the impression of the members of
the Committee of Ways and Means, or a major-
ity of them, is that the tax on whisky ought to
be very materially reduced. In either case,
however, we should have to retain pfetty much
all of this matter of details in the bill.
What more ? If gentlemen will study this
bill they will find that we must retain about
one half of all that portion of the bill which
we have already gone over ; because we have
undertaken, not only to reform the provisions
of the present law in relation to frauds in the
collection of taxes upon particular subjects,
but we hare gone into the whole administra-
tive department of the bureau or department,
whatever it may be made, for the collection
of internal revenue, with a few to simplifying
it upon the one hand and making it more effi-
cient upon the other. And I would scarcely
give vou a snap of my finger for all in this bill
in relation to distilled spirits and tobacco and
its manufactures, however valuable f think that
matter is, unless you connect with it certain
administiative sections, running all through
this bill, and intended to make possible the
collection of such faxes as you may impose.
Take a single illustration, the matter of rev-
enue stamps. I have the utmost confidence
in the integrity and earnestness of the present
Commissioner of Interna^ Revenue, however
some gentlemen may possibly differ in relation
to his energy and decision of character, and
whether he has been sharp enough in defend-
ing himself against influences of a political
character in the one direction, which hamper
and prevent his usefulness, or against the
frauds in another direction which are practiced.
But while 1 have that confidence in him, let
me say to this House and to the country, that
we found in the present law, among other
things, that there was no check whatever upon
the subject of the issuing of revenue and other
stamps; and that while the Commissioner was
putting three or four or five million dollars'
worth of stamps upon the markets of the coun-
try through official channels, he might, if he
had been so disposed, put one or two or
three million dollars' worth of stamps on the
market on his own motion and pocket the
proceeds. Now, we have attempted through
checks to remedy all that by requiring all the
stamps manufactured and issued under the
direction of the Treasury Department to be
issued to and charged as money against the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, and to be
issued by him to and charged against all the
other officers of the lav/ engaged in the busi-
ness. But I give this only as an illustration.
I say that ail through this bill there are, as
we confidently believe, many eminent reforms
made, to which in great part we have now had
the assent of this House, and which are essen-
tially necessary, if you are going to collect
your tax even upou distilled spirits and
tobacco.
But after all our labor in the presentation
of the sftbject in the House, we are met by an
attempt to get away from it. I inquire again,
why this feeling? A little while ago, within
three days past, 1 was glad to feel myself sus-
tained, not only by .the vote that was taken a
week ago, but by expressions in harmony with
that vote made by members all around this
Hall, including some who are now voting to
give the whole subject the go-by. What has
influenced them ? ■ I speak with the utmost
respect when I say (not speaking of the action
of the Senate) that Senators have been very
busy in representing to members of this House
that if the bill revising the whole revenue
law be passed as an entirety and sent to
them they cannot afford to take the responsi-
bility of cutting it down to a partial bill upon
particular subjects, but must go through the
whole of it, and that thus the House and the
Senate may be kept here until perhaps the
end of August. Well, sir, so far as I am con-
cerned, I am not going to legislate with reference
to the opinions of the Senate or of Senators.
I shall endeavor, as a member of this House
and a Representative of the country, to do
what the people expect and demand and what
is right to be done in regard to a revision of.
the taxes, and I will let those at the other end
of the Capitol take the responsibility of their
own action. But I say that, after the bill has
been matured first by the Committee of Ways
and Means, then subjected to the criticism of
all parties interested in its various parts who
have come before us since it was put in print
and sent out to the world, and then, under
the light of those criticisms, amended in the
House and perfected so far as this House is
able to perfect it, there is no reason why the
labor of the Senate should'be so long and so
exhausting either upon their time and atten-
tion or upon the time of gentlemen here who
are anxious to get away.
Now, then, one word (which I wish also to
go to the country) in behalf of the Committee
of Ways and Means. During fourteen years'
service in Congress I have never known a com-
mittee (and in this I am to be understood as
speaking of other gentlemen, and not myself)
who labored so persistently, so continuously, in
season and out of season, by night and by day,
meeting every day, not excepting a half dozen
days, for four or five months past, as the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have done. And
this bill is the work they have presented.
Now, sir, while the impeachment trial was
going oh, while members around me (and I see
dozens of such) were at home with their fam-
ilies, and while since then, since we have taken
up this bill, members whom I see before me
were at home looking after their nominations
or something else, this committee has stayed
here and worked on; and (I say it in no offen-
sive sense) the very gentleman who is the
medium for presenting this morning this reso-
lution to give the bill the go-by has, I believe,
been at home, looking after his interests there,
and was not here the other day to vote upon
the bill. I do not know how much time ho
has been here since the bill has been going on
in Committee of the Whole; he can explain
for himself. I mean nothing offensive in the
allusion; but I say that the opposition to the
consideration of the bill comes in great part
(and I speak of what I know the record shows)
from gentlemen who have been enjoying days
and weeks, perhaps in some instances nearly
months, of leisure at their homes with their
families and about their private business, while
we have been working on and on every day,
and almost every night.
I do not say this in praise of the work that
we present. That must be taken for what it
is worth. It must be taken on its merits. But
I say that when we are half through that work,
and more than half through, when we have
reached just those subjects of distilled spirits
and tobacco, leaving little or nothing that will
cost more than a few hours' labor except those
very subjects which are made the occasion of
offering this resolution, it does not look well;
and it shall bo understood by the country—for
I now proclaim it—that there is an attempt
made to throw us back upon a condition of
things which will require that another week
or more shall be employed by the committee
in putting together all the different parts of
the bill necessary to help out the collection ot
the tax upon these objects. And I want that
