1-868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
obstacles and dangers so very large a vote was
"cast. Nothing less than the conviction of the
people that their freedom or slavery depended
upon the ballot could have induced so many
to risk all present dangers and to overcome
all surmountable obstacles in order to vote.
In spite of every difficulty the vote, as just
•announced by General Grant, stands, as I said,
-more than seventy thousand for the constitution
and less than two thousand against it! Yet
gentleman say it is defeated ; not, be it remem-
bered, because there are not votes enough in
its favor to carry it, but because there are not
enough against it 1 For all admit that if there
had been ten or twenty or forty or even sixty
thousand more votes cast against it than there
were, and not another in its favor, it would
have been carried triumphantly !
Sir, this most astonishing effect of the vote
results from our blunder and not from the fault
of the loyal people of Alabama. And shall
they be made to suffer from our mistake? How
can we, how dare we, refuse our assent to the
petition of these people, and in consequence
of a technical failure, if even such there be,
to comply with this absurd provision of our
own act, turn them over to the tender mercies
of their rebel enemies?
Mr. Speaker, the evidence before us shows
conclusively to my mind, and I am sure to
every unprejudiced mind in this House who
will examine it, that a clear majority of the
living and resident voters of the State did, in
the face of such obstacles and dangers as are
inconceivable to those not so circumstanced,
vote at that election", and for the constitution.
Being satisfied, therefore, beyond a doubt that
the spirit of the reconstruction law has been
fully complied with, and its letter even sub-
stantially so, I shall vote for the bill.
Mr. KERR obtained the floor.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I desire
that an order shall be made to print what I
shall offer to-morrow as an amendment to the
bill.
Mr. KERR. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have no objection
to its being printed, but there are two amend-
ments now pending.
The SPEAKER. One is in the nature of a
substitute, and the other is an amendment to
the original bill.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Mine is
an amendment to one section of the bill.
The SPEAKER. It is an amendment to
strike out all after a part of the second section
and insert, -which is in order. In the absence
of the gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
the Chair has assigned the floor to the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr.]
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. PAINE. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana to allow me to present a memorial.
Mr. KERR. I yield for that purpose.
harbor of milwaukee.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the memorial of the Chamber of Com-
merce of Milwaukee, for reimbursement for
certain expenditures in the harbor of that city;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
admission of alabama.
Mr. PAINE. If agreeable to the gentle-
man from Indiana, I will move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. KERR. In one mom'ent I will yield for
that motion. I desire to suggest that the
numerous affidavits that have Seen referred to
by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farns-
worth] be printed for the information of the
House and laid upon our desks before this
matter is disposed of. I hope the gentleman
will consent that an order shall be made for the
printing of those affidavits.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have no objection,
but I doubt if they can be printed by to-
morrow.
The SPEAKER. The Chair wopld suggest
that the bill and amendments will first be
printed. That is the rule at the Government
Printing Office; and then the affidavits will be
printed if there is time.
Mr. KERR. I think they can be printed.
The SPEAKER. The order to print will be
made if there be no objection. The Chair
hears none, and the Clerk will send an order
to the Printing Office to have them printed by
to-morrow.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to state that
I desire to call for a vote on this bill to-
morrow.
The SPEAKER. At what time ?
Sir. FARNSWORTH. Can it be discussed
during the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. To-morrow is private bill
day, and unless the House by a majority vote
should set aside private business this bill will
not come up until after the morning hour.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I will ask the
previous question at half past three o'clock to-
morrow, so that we can get the vote by half
past four.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I move that the morning
hour be dispensed with to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done until
the day arrives.
Mr. KERR. I now yield to gentlemen who
desire to introduce some bills, and then for a
motion to adjourn.
robert c. horn.
Mr. COBURN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 971) for the relief
of Robert C. Horn ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
tax on manufactures.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
insisted on its second amendment, disagreed
to by the House, to the bill (H. R. No. 900)
to exempt certain manufactures from internal
tax ; disagreed to the amendments of the House
to the third and fourth amendments of the
Senate to said bill; asked a conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses; and had
appointed Messrs. Sherman', Williams, and
Morgan as conferees on the part of the Senate.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the House accede to the request of the
Senate and appoint a committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
iowa and mississippi land grant.
Mr. ANDERSON. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] having withdrawn his
objection, I ask unanimous consent that the
bill now pending in the Committee on Public
Lands, granting lands to the Iowa and Missouri
State Line Railroad Company, and for other
purposes, be ordered to be printed.
There was no objection, and it was so or-
dered.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
the committee had examined and found truly
enrolled an act (S. No. 108) for the relief of
Henry Greathouse and Samuel Kelly; when
the Speaker signed the same.
isaac watts.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
liesot.ved. That the Committee on Military Affairs
be, and they arc hereby, directed to inquire into the
expediency of authorizing the payment to Isaac
Watts of the back pay and allowances due his
adopted son, Samuel Watts, who died in the service
of the United States, and report by bill or other-
wise.
helen l. wolf.
Mr. POMEROY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 972) for the relief
of Helen L. Wolf; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
samuel farnsworth.
Mr. POMEROY also, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 973) for the
relief of Samuel Farnsworth j which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the votes
by which the bills were severally referred; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
james l. kidglet. '
Mr. ARCHER, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the memorial of James L. Ridgley, of
Baltimore, Maryland, in relation to the theft
of a quantity of beer revenue-stamps from his
office; which was referred to the Committee
of Claims.
And then, on motion of Mr. PAINE, (at
four o'clock and twenty minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
_ By Mr. ADAMS : The petition of divers
citizens of Whitley county, Kentucky, praying
that the name of Samuel Freeman be placed on
the pension-roll of the United States, in con-
sequence of wounds received while engaged as
a Union soldier in fighting guerrillas.
By Mr. CHURCHILL: Resolution and
proceedings of the common council of the
city of Oswego, New York, asking favorable
consideration of the plan recommended by the
engineer department for the preservation of the
harbor and public works at the mouth of the
Oswego river, on Lake Ontario.
By Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio : The petition of
J. W. Snyder and others, citizens of Fayette
and Madison counties, Ohio, praying for the
establishment of a mail route from Washing-
ton, in Fayette county, via Bloomingsburgh,
Midway, and Newport, (Walnut Creek,) to
London, in Madison county.
By Mr. HALSEY : A memorial of citizens
of Newark, New Jersey, regarding the aboli-
tion of the Presidency.
By Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia: The
petition of Cyrus Hall and 90 others, citizens
of Wood county, West Virginia, asking that
the oppressive special tax of twenty cents per
gallon upon refined petroleum be removed,
and that the necessary revenue be raised upon
articles of luxury.
By Mr. JENCKES: The petition of B.
Maillefert, for compensation for blasting rocks
in Hell Gate.
By Mr. KITCHEN: The petition of John
Mcllwee, a soldier in the war of 1812, and 5
others, citizens of Mineral county, West Vir-
ginia, asking that his name be placed upon the
pension-roll.
By Mr. LINCOLN : A memorial of mer-
chants, bankers, and shippers of New York
city, for an American line of steamers between
New York and Bremen.
By Mr. MYERS: The memorial of 50
citizens of Philadelphia, members of the Com-
mercial Exchange of Philadelphia, asking re-
mission of duties and taxes on articles entering
into the construction of vessels, and a judicious
system of subsidies for ocean steamship lines
to encourage American commerce.
By Mr. PHELPS: The petition of James Wil-
son and others, citizens of Baltimore, for such
revision of the revenue law as will relieve re-
fined petroleum from special tax.
Also, the petition of E. G. Codd & Co., and
others, citizens of Baltimore, to same effect.
Also, the petition of George S. Dickey, of
Baltimore, Maryland, for indemnity for dam-
ages to property used by the United States Gov-
ernment for military purposes.
Also, the claim of the mayor and city council
of Baltimore, Maryland, for appropriation for
expenses in erecting fortifications around said
city in 1863.
By Mr. T WICHELL: A memorial of Charles
F. Davenport and 38 others, of Boston, Massa-
chusetts, for removal of internalre venue tax on
refined petroleum.
