1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4191
market in the world and have had for a long
series of years. The Government has a reg-
ular system of deposits like this upon bonds.
Batik deposits do not run up to an immense
amount one day and down the next, but have
a steady average. When a man has currency
that he does not want, he may, under the pro-
visions of this bill, put it iuto the fund ; when
he wants cuirency and lias these bonds, he
goes and gives up the bonds audgets currency.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I renew the proposition
of the gentleman. It strikes me, Mr. Chair-
man, if there is any advantage to be gained by
this proposed legislation, it must be derived
from the sections preceding the one no w under
consideration. The purpose entertained by the
friends of this bill, as 1 understand it. is con-
tained in the sections which precede this one.
The great financial want of the country is to
have settled now, once for all, so that the world
■will understand it, the purpose of the Ameri-
can people to pay its indebtedness according
to the spirit as well as the letter of their sub-
sisting contracts. The first section of this bill
provides for funding the outstanding debt of
this country upon terms therein named ; that is,
the principal and the interest at the rate of three
and sixty-live hundredths percent, to be payable
in coin and to be exempt from all taxation,
Federal, State, and municipal. I do not pre-
tend to say that if this bill were to pass in the
form in which it now stands, the debt of the
nation would be very rapidly funded. But I
do say that a great object would be attained,
namely, an act of solemn legislation proclaim-
ing to the world the purpose of the American
people to keep their integrity inviolate, to put
it beyond the reach of question or challenge
hereafter. We would go to the country upon
it, and if the action of Congress should be sus-
tained by the people at the polls in the corning
election, as I believe it would, the credit of the
country would be established beyond the power
of designing men to shake or impair it.
As lor the suggestion which has been made
liere, that you could not redeem this debt
until the expiration of forty years, what is that
to the American people compared to the great
good to be attained, the establishment of their
good faith before the nations of the earth?
Before the end offorty years the increase of the
population of this country, the great increase
of the national wealth from the increased pro-
ductive power and development of our national
resources, would be such, if the integrity of the
nation is maintained, if the pledged faith of the
nation is preserved, that the $2,000,000,000 of
the national debt contemplated to be funded by
this bill would be as nothing to the people, who
long before that peiiod will number sixty mil-
lions.
One other remark. The extension of this
credit for forty years, with a reduction of two
and one third per cent, semi-annually in the in-
terest upon the whole debt, would enableus to
save, in the time named, an amount equal to
the entire principal of ;he debt.
Now, as to the section under consideration, I
desire to say that it does not stand with the
general purpose and policy of the bill. That
section proposes the funding of the non-inter-
est-bearing debt, thereby converting it into an
interest-bearing debt. 1 am opposed to that,
and trust that the section will be rejected.
There is no occasion for it; there is no occa-
sion for new legislation to provide for the
redemption of onr outstanding legal-tender
notes, nor for withdrawing them at present
from circulation. I ventured to say on this
floor in 1802, when the legal-tender bill was
pending, andno man challenged the statement,
it was assented to by every member present,
that the legal effect of the legal-tender act was
that the Government of the United Stales
should ultimately redeem every dollar of the
legal- tender notes in coin; that it was the obli-
gation of the sovereignty, unless it was other-
wise nominated in the bond, that when the
Government issued its legal-tender notes,
promising the payment of a specific sum in
dollars, nothing else appearing in the obliga-
tion or the statute, it implied that when the
Government had the means to resume specie
payment it would redeem its legal-tender notes
to the uttermost farthing in coin. That is the
law to-day; it needs no further legislation to
impose this obligation upon the Government.
No further legislation can add to the obliga-
tion of the United States so to redeem its
promise to pay in dollars every legal-tender
note. I have never heard from any quarter of
this country, either in the platform of any party
or in the speech of any partisan, any intimation
that the Government of the United States,
under existing law, is not under obligation,
whenever its means will enable it so to do, to
redeem its outstanding legal-tender notes in
coin. That being so, there is no necessity for
further legislation to assure the world of our
purpose to fulfill our obligation in that respect.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Chairman, I differ with
the gentleman from Ohio in reference to the
effect of this section of the bill. I believe
there is a portion of our debt which by law is
not payable otherwise than in lawful money of
the United States, whether that be at the time
of payment gold or silver or greenbacks.
That 1 understood to be the language of the
statute under which the debt was created. That
being the case, 1 deem it essentially necessary
that a provision of this kind should be inserted
in this bill. The question is not whether our
credit is bad or good ; but if the money of the
United States known as legal tender is law-
ful money of the United States, it is nothing
but proper and just that this money should be,
according to the provisions of this section,
convertible into bonds, and these bonds con-
vertible again into money. Such a provision
will not have a tendency to depreciate our
credit or to affect the value of the lawful money
of the United States ; it will have the diamet-
rically ojiposite effect. It will tend to advance
the value of our lawful money. When a man
understands that his bonds are convertible into
money, or his money into bonds at the Treas-
ury of the Government, to the extent of $100,-
000,000, as provided in this section, the effect
will be to depreciate the price of gold and to
advance the value of our legal-tender currency.
Now, sir, I have many times on this floor
heard it maintained (and I have sometimes felt
chagrined by such remarks) that those persons
who entertained the views which 1 now ex-
press are nothing more than repudiators of the
public debt. Sir, I am tired of hearing this
kind of talk. A proposition of this kind con-
tains none of the elements of repudiation.
The effect of such a law would not be detri-
mental either to the bondholder or to the peo-
ple of the country. But it is said our credit
should be maintained. Certainly it should. I
am in favor of maintaining the credit of the
United States. I am in favor of maintaining
it, as the gentleman from Ohio says, by letting
the world know that we are honest, and not
only that we are honest but that we are de-
termined to pay our whole indebtedness in
good faith though it takes the utmost farthing.
The question is as to the means by which we
are to do this. In my view the best policy is
the reduction of the interest upon our now
outstanding debt. In order to accomplish this
we must, as 1 have already remarked, appre-
ciate our currency; we must adopt some meas-
ure under which gold will not be kept up con-
stantly at 140, while our greenbacks continue
depreciated as they are at the present time. I
believe that the effect of this section would be
to enhance the value of our currency and to
depreciate gold.
1 am aware, sir, that much interest is felt in
regard to another part of this bill; and while
up I may as well say a word or two on that
point. I refer to the provision that all con-
tracts made after the passage of this bill for the
payment of obligations in gold may be enforced
by the courts. That provision has been stricken
out by the Commit.te3 of Ways and Means.
Why? Itseffectwould betogivetothe moneyed
man the power of saying to the man indebted
to him, " I will change the debt, but you shall
pay me gold." It would compel t.he poor men
of this country to act as pioneers in the resump-
tion of specie payments. I am opposed to any
proposition of that kind. I am in favor of
reducing, if possible, the interest on onr bonds.
I am in favor of a system which would go even
further than this bill proposes. I would go
beyond the amount of $300,000,000, and wouid
authorize to the extent of $450,000,000 this
exchange of bonds into greenbacks and green-
backs into bonds.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BINGHAM, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I renew it. I move to
strike out $400,000,000 andinsert $356,000,000,
very little less than the present outstanding
United States notes, upon the assumption that
there is no authority for issuing $400,000,000.
I do not, by moving the amendment, concede
any such thing. I deny the proposition.
And, sir, I will not talk about other sections
of this bill, or what other nations have done,
but about this particular section now before us.
Mr. Chairman, what is the history of this
issue of United States notes? We find by the
act of March 3, 1863, it was provided—
"There may be issued on the credit of the United
States the sum of $150,000,000 of United States notes,
including the amount of such notes heretofoie au-
thorized by the joint resolution approved January
17, 18l)3, in such torrn as he may deem expedient, not
bearing interest, payable to bearer, and of such
denominations, not less than one dollar, a3 hemay
prescribe, which notes so issued shall be lawlui
money and a legal tender in payment of all debts,
public and private, within the United States, except
for duties on imports and interest on the public debt;
and any of the said notes when returned to the
Treasury may be reissued from time to time as the
exigencies ol the public service may require. And
m lieu of any of said notes, or any ottier United
Stales notes returned to the Treasury and canceled
or destroyed, there may be issued equal amounts of
United States notes sucli as are authorized by this
act."
By the act of June 30, 1864, there was an
increase authorized with this restriction, that
the total amount of United States notes issued,
or to be issued, shall never exceed $400,000,000,
and such additional sum not exceeding $50,-
000,000 as may be temporarily required for the
redemption of temporary loans. So far as that
is concerned the question arises whether tem-
porary loans meant temporary loans in the
future, or the temporary loan authorized by
that act. If it means that temporary loan.,
then it has done its office ; but I make no ques-
tion about that §50,000,000. What does my
colleague say as to the authority to issue
$400,000,000? That it is inferred, that it is
established by fair implication when the Sec-
retary of the Treasury was prohibited from
reducing at the rate of more than $10,000,000
the first six months after April, 1806, or more
than S4,000,000 in any one month thereafter,
and when the provision was made that on the
sale of securities the money should only be
used for retiring notes, they never could be
reissued. I deny any such implication. I deny
any such conclusion from the fair construction
of the law. I deny the Committee on Finance
in the Senate, the Committee of Ways and
Means in the House, and all others have been
so long mistaken about the authority to issue
$400,000,000 which led to this provision iu the
Senate bill and its retention here.
What is the law? We are told that the
Secretary of the Treasury cannot go up to
$400,000,000, but he can go down, with the
provision he shall never contract except at
such a rate. The gentleman admits it is only
by implication. He assumes there is no such
provision in the law which will allow the Sec-
retary of theTreasury to go up to$400,000,000,
and he rules this inference because it'is pro-
vided the Secretary of the Treasury sj1®" n0'
go downward except at a certain rate, although
he may go down to $1,000,000, yet be could
never go up to $400,000,000. -But we are not
left to inference; forifc is provided in the act to
