1120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
opposed to the amendment; and I am opposed
to the bill. We have enough drafts on the
lreasury. If we allow this claim we ought to
know that it is right—right in law and right in
fact; but if we shall once embark in the course
of allowing claims of this character where are
we to stop? There is no justice in paying this
claim and m refusing to pay others founded on
the same circumstances.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The state-
ments of the Senator from Kansas and the Sen-
ator from California satisfy me that this is a
mil which ought to be very carefully guarded.
As I understood the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Claims, when he reported this bill, to
say that the claim was one which would have
been settled and paid at the Treasury Depart-
ment but for the fact that there were no funds
there appropriated for that purpose, I suggest
to him whether he will not allow the bill to be
recommitted with instructions to the commit-
tee to report a bill authorizing the Treasury
Department to audit and settle the account if
they shall find this amount to be due, as I un-
derstood him to say it was due under existing
laws at the time. If so, I think that will obviate
all difficulties about precedents.'
Mr. HOWE. Yes, Mr. President, I accede
to the request of my friend from Vermont. I
see the national Treasury is in imminent dan-
ger. What little I can do to protect it I shall
be glad to do. If we should happen to pay
this $400 claimed, upon the sanction of a pos-
itive statute, now asked here by a woman with-
out a dollar in the world, who has given her
husband to the nation and to the preservation
of its life—if we should happen to pay this
$400, and the nation should be bankrupted in
consequence of it, I do not want to be respon-
sible for those consequences. I shall be glad
to let the bill be recommitted to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. But the Sena-
tor has heard, as well as the rest of the Senate,
that this question does not depend upon $400.
The Senator from California and the Senator
from Kansas have assured the Senate that their
country is full of just such claims, and that they
will come up here, stale claims without proof,
and the Senate will certainly be embarrassed
in considering a vast number of cases without
any substantial merits.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope this bill will not be
recommitted to the Committee on Claims. I
regard it as a perfectly good claim, and com-
ing within the terms of the act of 1834, and I
regard the Government as just as much bound
to pay the claim, if the proof is satisfactory
that the damage has been done, as it is bound
to pay a United States bond under the great
seal of the Government. I can conceive of no
obligation more direct, more clear, than that
of the act of 1834 in precisely this case. Rather
than see this honest claim shuffled off in this
manner I would prefer to have the Senate vote
it down and let the country see whether or not
the Senate of the United States will pay an
honest obligation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, House bill No. 439
is now regularly beiore the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. I propose to postpone the
pending business until a vote can be had on
this bill. I move to postpone it for ten min-
utes, which I think will enable us to come to
a vote upon the bill now pending. j
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 desire that the bill j
should go over until to-morrow. I want to j
examine it, not in reference to the merits of j
this particular case, but in reference to its j
making a precedent for other claims. I know j
that other claims are pending, and very large ;
numbers of them, and wo ought to pass a bill 1
of this sort with a great deal of care._ I have :
no doubt that this is a meritorious claim, com- ]
ing as it does from the Committee on Claims. |
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena- ;
tor from California moves to postpone for ten
minutes the regular order in order to continue
the c9nsideration of Senate bill No. 302.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I will say to the Senator
from Missouri that the laws bearing upon this
case_ have all been read ; I believe he was not
in his seat while it was being done; and all the
discussion that can possibly throw any light
upon it has been had. I regret very much
that 1 should have contributed to delaying the
payment of this claim. I only did it in the
conscientious performance of my duty. I now
say briefly, in reply to the Senator from Indiana,
[Mr. Mojitos,] that the effect of the amend-
ment moved by me will be good. In view of
the fact that the law of 1834 made the Uni-
ted States responsible for damages committed
within the Indian country to persons legally
there, and that the act of 1859 repealed that to
a certain extent only, making the obligation
apply against the annuities due to the Indians,
the passage of this bill without any amend-
ment might be construed hereafter as modify-
ing the act of 1859; and in that light alone is
the amendment of any value. I hope that the
amendment will be adopted, and that then we
shall pass the bill.
Mr. HENDERSON. It is true that I was
not in when the laws were being read, or at
least a portion of them, and I apprehend, from
what 1 understand, that the mind of my friend
from California was materially changed upon
hearing those laws. I only insist that I shall
go through the same process that my friend
has gone through, in order to arrive at a just
conclusion in reference to this bill, as I under-
stand when it was first called up this morning
he was decidedly opposed to it, and now on
the reading of the laws he is decidedly in favor
of it. I think, inasmuch as I was absent, the
Senator ought not to object to having me go
through a similar process. I thought it was
improper this morning to subject me to that
process when other business was in order, and
I desired simply to examine the case. I have
not looked at the report in the case. Now, I
should like to ask the Senator from California
whether this officer lost the stock while he was
ill the military service?
Mr. CONNESS. He did.
_Mr. HENDERSON. 1 should like to ask
him further if it was in battle or whether the
stock was stolen by private Indians or by a
hostile band of Indians?
Mr. CONNESS. Supposed to bo the latter
that is, while in the ordinary military service
of the country; not in battle.
Mr. HENDERSON. I understand that there
are laws already on the statute-book enabling
officers to have their claims of this character
adjusted, provided the loss occurred in the ser-
vice. Then what is the necessity for a special
bill of this character? I cannot see; but I
have no doubt, as it came from the Committee
on Claims, that committee being very particu-
lar, and reporting very few claims favorably,
there is meiit in it. I have not heard the
report read, however. Is there any written
report accompanying the claim ?
Mr. CONNESS. There is. It is very brief,
and can be read in half a minute.
Mr. HENDERSON. I should like to hear
it read.
The Secretary read the following report:
The Committee on Claims, to whom was referred
tlie petition of I'rances -S. Richardson, make the iol-
lowing report:
The petitioner is the widow of the late Major Gen-
eral I. 13. Kichaidson, who was mortally wounded
while leading his command to vietoiy at the battle
ot Antietam, and who died November3,1802, leaving
one son, named Israel P. liiehardson, and now aged
live years.
In 1852, Major General Richardson, then major by
brevet ot the third infantry, was stationed in New !
Mexico, and while on duty there, on the 7th day of l
Februaiy, 1852, the Apache Indians stole from him 1
one black mule. On the 8th of September following 1
they stole Irom him two light sorrel-colored hor*e*
and on the 1st ot November following tiiey stole two
dun-colored horses. ' j
The value of the property so taken is proved to '
have been $400. j
Under the seventeenth section of the act of June !
30, 1834, the petitioner a&ks that compensation be
made to her in trust for her son.
Y our committee think thatsueh compensation ought
to be made, and report a bill for that puxpose.
Mr. CHANDLER. I regret that thevSena-
tor from Missouri was not in his seat. All the
laws bearing on the case have been read. This
same question was up yesterday, and was put
over for a day. It is a little matter of $400,
and is in strict accordance with the law as it
stood at the time the claim was originated. I
hope the Senator will take it for granted, inas-
Much as he was not here, that the statements
of other Senators are correct in tfeat respeet,
and let this little bill go through on tlie sup-
position that the committee thoroughly exam-
ined tlie case and did their whole duty in
reporting it. It has been before us now for two
days, a little matter of $-100, and we have cost
the Government more money while we have
been discussing it than the whole amount of
the claim.
Mr. HENDERSON. This I discover is a
matter exclusively belonging to the State of
Michigan.
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir; it belongs to
the nation.
■ Mr. HENDERSON. A Senator from tlie
State of Missouri, it seems_, has nothing to do
except to vote the appropriation, provided the
party to be affected advantageously is from the
State of Michigan. _ If the Senator's argument
amounts to anything it amounts to simply
that; nothing more.
I do not rise for the purpose of making any
objection to this bill; but I see no merit in it:
If it is asked to be taken for granted in con-
sideration of the distinguished services of
General Richardson, I have no objection; if
it is intended as a tribute to his family, of
course I am perfectly willing to let it pass;
but I can see no merit whatever in it. There
are no reasons stated in the report why it
should be done; but I surely shall make no
objection to it. There may be something out-
side inducing us to pass the bill, but I see
nothing in it. The Senator drives me into this
position. I do not understand how these
horses and mules were stolen, whether it was
by a hostile band or not. I ask the question,
are we to compensate for all the damages that
arise in a state of war, when we treat the In-
dians as independent nations?
Mr. HOWE. We were at peace with the
Apaches.
Mr. HENDERSON. If we were at peace
with the Apache Indians at that time, and this
claim is now sixteen years oid, it certainly
ought to be barred by the statute of limitations.
I am told now by the chairman of the commit-
tee that the Apache Indians were at peace with
this country. 1 hen I have a large number of
constituents in my State who have lost horses
by theft during the last five or six years, much
younger claims than this, and 1 have as much
right, it seems to me, as a matter of justice,
to present claims before Congress for those
horses, mules, cattle, stock of every character
stolen, as others have to present this chum.
Mr. GlilMES. Were your constituents re-
quired to be in the Apache countrv, and were
horses and mules necessary for ihem there?
. Ihe PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment ottered by the Sen-
ator f'roTn California.
I he amendment was rejected.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
thud reading, and was read tlie third time.
Mr. MORTON called for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill, and they were
ordered: Mil i.nin,.  k.j •
-yeas 131,
and being taken, resulted-
nays II; as follows:
^Elv?,r^ePsr5:.AH'hon5'4''alu<''-oii.CattelllCliand-
son. and Yates—
: Cunkling-, Conness,
i John"™ If f' 1-enr. 1 oscutk-n, Henderson,
' v- 7, „' ot vmount, Morton,
: j pJrvn® "V,uw Hampshire, and iSaalaluury-H,
1 rio iussrs'Ba3 JJ-HiiUtlc, Uuth-
' no, rowero;., bpritgue, Stewart, and Tiptoa—8.
ORDER OF BLSIXESs.
xr r^ESIDEN f pro fenipuret Jiousc km
"O. known as the supplementary recoil-
