THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
87
was whether certain other speeches eould be
put in as tending to show the animus with
which the first set of speeches had been spoken.
Lord EUenborougk closed the discussion by
saying:
" Lord Ellenborougli. If there had been no particu-
lar overt act under which this evidence was receiv-
able, it is an universal rule of evidence that what a
party himself says may be given in evidence against
hnn, to explain any part of his conduct to which it
bears reference.
" Mr. Wctherell, (the counsel for the defendant.) "Wo
do not object that it is not evidence, but that it is
not proof of the overt act.
"Lord EUcnborough. There cannot be a doubt that
whatever proceeds lrom the mouth of man may be
given in evidence against him; it shows the inten-
tion with which he acts."—32 IStaie Trials, page 91.
"Whatever proceeds from his mouth." A
fortiori, Senators, when it is under his hand
like the seal of a commission, if his declara-
tions can be given, may not his acts? I would
not have troubled the presiding officer, 1 would
not have troubled Senators so long upou this
matter had it not been that there may Lie other
acts all clustering around this grand conspir-
acy which we propose, if we are permitted, to
put in.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. _ The Manager will
reduce his question to writing.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. The simple ques-
tion was, who was Edmund Cooper. 1 sup-
pose my friends do not mean to object to that
alone. The question was, do you know him
and who is he ?
Mr. STANBERY. We asked what you
intended to prove in reference to Edmund
Cooper ?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I have stated that
at very considerable length. I propose to
prove that Mr. Edmund Cooper took posses-
sion in the Treasury Department before the
oOth of November, and that he had this com-
mission,- showing that the President gave a
commission illegally in violation of the tenure-
of-ollice act to which 1 wish to call your atten-
tion. The tenure-of-office act provides that
" in such case and in no other," to wit, where
an officer has been guilty of misconduct or
crime, or for any reason becomes incapable or
legally disqualified to perform the duties ol'his
office, the President may suspend him; and
then the sixth section provides that—
"The making, signing,.scaling, countersigning,
or issuing of any commission or letter of authority
lor or ni respect, to any such appointment or em-
ployment, shall be deemed, and are hereby declared
to fie, high misdemcanois."
Therefore the very signing and issuing of
this commission—the signing it, if he did not
issue it; the issuing of it, if lie did not sign
it—there being no vacancy which is contem-
plated by the act, is a crime, and another
crime in and part of the great conspiracy.
Therefore the question will be whether we
shall be allowed to go into the condition of
Mr. Cooper. I cannot put the whole of my
oiler in one question, because I cannot prove
it all by one witness.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. It will be neces-
sary to reduce the question to writing, in order
thatit may be submitted to the Senate.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I will put it rather
in the form of an oiler to prove. I will write
it as an offer to prove in a moment.
Mr. STANBERY. It is not a question so
much, Mr. Chief Justice, as to who Edmund
Cooper is, but what Edmund Cooper has got
to do with this case; what the illegal appoint-
ment of Edmund Cooper to be Assistant Sec-
retary of the Treasury ad interim., or other-
wise, has to do with this case; or what the
appointment of Edmund Cooper for the pur-
pose of controlling the moneys in the Treasury
Department has to do with this case. That is
the material inquiry.
Now, I understand the learned Manager to
say that the proof he intends to make in regard
to Mr. Cooper is, in the first place, that there
was an illegal appointment of Mr. Cooper, and
in that the President violated the Constitution
of the United States, and violated the tenure-
of-office act. Well, Mr. Chief Justice, have
they given us notice to come here to defend
any such delinquency as that, if it be a delin-
quency ? Have the .House of Representatives
impeached the President for anything done in
the removal of Mr. Chandler, if he was re-
moved, or in the appointment of Mr. Cooper,
if he was appointed in his place? They se-
lected one instance of what they claim to be a
violation of the Constitution and of the tenure-
of-office act in regard to a temporary appoint-
ment made during the session of the Senate;
and that was the case of General Thomas, and
of General Thomas alone. As to that, of
course, we have no objection to their going
into evidence, because we have had notice of
it, and are here ready to meet it; but as to any
high crime and misdemeanor in reference to
the appointment of Mr. Cooper, certainly the
gentlemen have no authority to make such a
charge, because they come here with a dele-
gated authority ; they come here only to make
the charges found good by the House of Rep-
resentatives, and not the charges that they
choose to manufacture here. The Managers
have no right to amend these articles. They
must go to the House even for that. If they
choose to go to the House and get a new arti-
cle founded upon an illegal act in the appoint-
ment of Mr. Cooper, let them go, and let us
have time to answer it and to meet it.
So much for the admissibility of the testi-
mony as to the illegal appointment, of Mr.
Cooper. It is a matter not charged. That is
enough. It is a matter they are not authorized
to charge; they have no such delegated author-
ity here.
What is the next ground, Mr. Chief Justice,
upou which they ask to prove anything in re-
lation to Mr. Cooper? They say they expect
to prove that Mr. Cooper was put into that
place of Assistant Secretary of the 'Treasury
by the President in order to control the dis-
bursement of the moneys in that Department.
That I understand to be the next ground.
Now, let us see what they have charged about,
that. Here they have gol an article charging
an illegal act of the President in reference to
the disbursement of the public money—'article
eight. Let us see what Mr. Cooper has to do
with that.
"That said Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States, unmindful of the high duties of his
ollicc and ot his until of office, with intent unlawfully
to control the disbursements of the moneys appro-
priated for the military service and lor the Depart-
ment of War, on the ^lst day ot February"—
Did a certain thing. What was it? Ap-
point Mr. Cooper? Give him authority to act
in any office? No. He appointed Thomas;
and that appointment is the only appointment
set out as the means to control those disburse-
ments. If it was necessary to frame an article
founded upon the appointment of Thomas as a
means used by tiie President to get control of
these public moneys, was if not equally neces-
sary to have an article founded upon the same
line of conduct in reference to Mr. Cooper?
Unquestionably.
Then, in the eleventh article, what is there
thai authorizes the introduction of this testi-
mony? That he made certain speeches. What
then ?
"Afterward, to wit, on the 21-'t day of February,
A. 1>. 18G8, at the city of Washington, in the District
ot Columbia, did, unlawfully and in disregard ol the
lequirement ol the Oonstitutb'n that he should take
cave that the laws be faithfully executed, attempt to
prevent the execution of an act entitled 'An act
regulating the tenure of certain civil olticcs.'"
That is the unlawful thing; and how ?
"By unlawfully devising and contriving, and at-
tempting to devise and contrive, means by which he
should prevent Edwin M. ritanton from forthwith
resuming the functions of the office of Secretary for
the Department of War. notwithstanding the retusal
of the Senate to concur in thesuspension theretofore
made by said Andrew Johnson ol said Edwin M.
Stanton from said office of Hecretary for the Depart-
ment of War; and, also, by furthur unlawfully devis-
ing and contriving, and attempting t,o devise and
contrive, means, then and there, to prevent the exe-
cution of an act entitled 'An act making appropria-
tions for the support of the Anny for the fiscal year
ending June 30, lBtiS, and tor other purposes.' "
That is the act which contains the section
requiring the orders for military operations to
go through General Grant. That is the means
he contrived there to get Stanton out. So that
has nothing to do with this. What further ?
"And, also, to prevent the execution of an act en-
titled 'An act to provido for the more efficient gov-
ernment of the rebel States.'"
Now, what relevancy has the appointment
of Cooper with the government of the rebel
States, or with the execution of the reconstruc-
tion acts, or, in fact, with any offense charged
in any one of the eleven articles ?
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. Mr. President,
we consider the law to be well settled and ac-
cepted everywhere in this country and England
to-day, that where an intent is the subject-
matter of inquiry in a criminal prosecution
other and independent acts on the part of the
accused, looking to the same result, are admis-
sible In evidence for the purpose of establish-
ing that fact. And we go further than that.
We undertake to say, upon very high and com-
manding authority, not to be challenged here
or elsewhere, that it is settled that such other
and independent acts, showing the purpose to
bring about the same general result, although
at the time of the inquiry the subject-matter
of a separate indictment, are, nevertheless, ad-
missible. I doubt not that it will ocour to the
recollection of honorable Senators that among
other cases illustrative of the rule which I have
just cited it has been stated in the books—the
eases have been ruled first and then incorpo-
rated into books of standard authorities—that
where a party, for example, was charged with
shooting with intent to kill a person named, it
was competent, in order to show the malice,
the malicious intent of the act, to show that at
another time and place he laid poison. A
party is charged with passing a counterfeit
note ; it is competent, in order to prove the
scienter, to show that he was in possession of
other counterfeit notes of a different denomin-
ation ; and the rule, as stated in the books,
is, that what is competent to prove the scienter,
as a general principle, is competent to prove
the intent.
Now, what is the allegation in the eleventh
article? That this procedure was taken on the
part of the President for the purpose of setting
aside and defeating the operation of that law.
Tlmt law stands with the other legislation of
this country.
Mr. STANBEIIY. "What law?
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. The teuure-of-
oflico act. That law stands with the other
legislation of this country ; and I undertake to
say, without stopping to cite the statutes, that
by the existing law of the United States the
appropriations made for the support of the
Department of War and for the support of the
Army can only be reached In the Treasury of
the nation through the requisitions drawn by
the Secretary of War. Here is an independ-
ent act done by the accused, as is well said
by my associate, for the purpose of aiding this
result. How? By appointing an Assistant
Secretary of the Treasury, who, under the law
and regulations, is authorized to act upon the
warrants that maybe drawn upon the Treasury
through that Department or any other Depart-
ment; by appointing a person, in other words,
to discharge the very duty which he desires
him to discharge in aid of his design; and
what is that? That the money appropriated
by Congress, and not to be drawn from the
Treasury except in pursuance of law, to-wit,
through the Secretary of War, duly constituted
such by the appointment of the President with
the advice and consent of the Senate, may,
nevertheless, be drawn out of the Treasury
by a person acting as an officer, without, the
advice and consent of the Senate, through the
requisitions made on the Treasury by his
Secretary of War ad interim, appointed in the
presence of the Senate, in defiance ol the
Senate, and in violation of the law.
If the appointment of such an officer throws
ij no light on this subject, of course it has noth-
j| ing to do with th® matter; if it does, it has a
ij great deal to do with it. if the question stops
i, with the inquiry who Edmund Cooper is, of
ji course it throws no light upon this subject;
