1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4193
to the Treasurer of the United States or any Assistant
Treasurer and demand lawful money of the United
States for the principal and accrued interest thereon,
and such officer shall redeem the same in lawful
money of the United States, &c.
The question was put; and the amendment
■was disagreed to—ayes twenty-nine, noes not
•counted.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to strike out
the proviso as follows :
Provided, Thatsueh conversion shall notbeallowed
at any tune when the amount of United States notes
outstanding is reduced to $300,000,000.
And also the following words:
Unless the United States notes then outstanding
shall amount to $400,000,000; and such bond shall
not be so redeemable after the United States have
resumed the payment of coin for their notes.
The section will then read:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That the holder
of any lawlul money of the United States to the
amount of fifty dollars, or any multiple of fifty dol-
lars, may convcrt tho same into bonds for aa equal
amount, authorized by the first section of this act,
under such ruies and regulations as the Secretary of
the Treasury may prescribe. And any holder of any
of the bonds provided for in the first section of this
act may present the same to the Treasurer of the
United States and demand lawful money of the Uni-
ted States for the principal and accrued interest
thereon, and the Treasurer shall redeem the same in
lawful money of tho United States.
The question was put; and the amendment
was disagreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Lynch's sub-
stitute.
Mr. LYNCH. I withdraw the substitute.
It has not been printed, and is evidently not
understood.
Mr. COBURN. I move to strike out the
following:
The holder of any lawful money ofthe United States
to the amount of fifty dollars, or any multiple of fifty
dollars, may convcrt the samo into bonds for an
equal amount, authorized by the first section of this
act, under such rules and regulations as the Secre-
tary of the Treasury may prescribe: Provided, That
such conversion shall not be allowed at any time
when the amount ot United Statesnotes outstanding
is reduced to $300,000,000. And.
So that the section will read:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That any holder
of any of tho bonds provided for in the first section
of this act may present the same to tho Treasurer of
tho United States and demand lawful money of the
CJnited States for the principal and accrued interest
thorcon, and tho Treasurer shall redeem tho same in
lawful money of the United States, unless the Uni-
ted States notes then outstanding shall amount to
$100,000,000; and such bond shall not be so redeem-
able alter }he United States have resumed the pay-
ment of coin for their notes.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to insert after
the words "three hundred" the words "and
fifty-five;" so that the proviso will read:
Prom'derf. Thatsuch conversion shall notbe allowed
at any time when the amount of United States notos
outstanding is reduced to $355,000,000.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to insert after the
word " into " the words "any coupon;" so
that it will read:
That the holder of any lawful money of tho United
States to the amount of fifty dollars, or any multiple
of filty dollars, may eonvert the same into any
coupon bonds for an equal amount, &c.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to strike out
" four," in line fifteen, and insert "five so
that it will read:
Unless the United States notes then outstanding
shall amount to $500,000,000.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. ROSS. I move to strike out "four"
and insert " eight."
The amendment was disagreed to—ayes
nineteen, noes not counted.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to strike out the
word " not" before "shall," on the sixteenth
line; so that it will read : " and sucli bond shall
be so redeemable after the United States have
resumed the payment of coin for their notes."
The question was put; and the amendment
was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment
reported by the Committee of Waysand Means
as an additional section ; and being put there
.were—ayes 35, noes 61.
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 263.
Mr. SCHENCK demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Schenck
and Mr. Randall were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 40, noes 62.
So the amendment was rejected.
The next section was road, as follows :
Sec. 3. And beit further enacted, That any contract
hereafter made specifically payable in coin shall be
legal and valid, and may be enforced according toils
terms, anything in thesoveralacts relating to United
States notes to the contrary notwithstanding: Pro-
vided, That this section shall not apply to contracts
for theborowing of currency or the removal or exten-
sion of an indebtedness under a contract already
entered into, unless such contract originally required
payment in coin.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means report in favor of striking out this
section.
Mr. AXTELL. I hope the section will not
be stricken out. The lawyers in the House, of
course, understand that these contracts for gold
payments are legal contracts; the difficulty is
in enforcing them. In California we have
empowered the common-law courts to enforce
these contracts, when made in writing, the
same that courts of equity enforce specific con-
tracts. If a man agrees to deliver so much
gold, he is to be held bound to deliver it. If
a man agrees to pay for a certain article in
gold, thereby avoiding the fluctuations of Gov-
ernment paper, the courts of California are
authorized to enforce that contract.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will my friend permit
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. AXTELL. Certainly.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to inquire of
my friend, the gentleman from California, [Mr.
Axtell,] if 1 promise to pay him any given
sum in money, is not that, in his judgment, a
constitutional and legal obligation on my part
to pay him in gold or silver coin if he demands
it? 1 understand that to have been the doc-
trine of this Government ever since its organi-
zation, that when I agree to pay a dollar I
agree to pay that dollar in the gold or silver
coin of the country, and that all this humbug
talk of the right to pay in horses, sheep, or
cattle, or in rags, in the absence of any agree-
ment or understanding at the time the contract
is made, is foreign to the Constitution and laws
of the country. The only right which we have
to pay the five-twenties in greenbacks is be-
cause those bonds were issued with that un-
derstanding and agreement; that is a part of
the contract under which the bonds were
created.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I would like totktiow
what the gentleman refers to when he talks
about, paying in rags. Does he call greenbacks
rags? That is not the doctrine of tho New
York platform.
Mr. AXTELL. The question of the gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] is some-
what too long for me to answer at this time.
I do not suppose this Congress could empower
the State courts in any way to enforce contracts
specifically; but it could empower the United
States courts to do so. By that means we
would come back to the proper standard of
money, to wit: gold. The expression "gold
is rising" or "gold is falling" is incorrect, and
misleads the public mind. Gold is the unit
of the proper monetary standard, and it is the
securities of the Government that rise and fall
in the market, and not gold.
Allowing contracts for payment in gold to
be made and enforced, we will be taking one
step toward specie payment. We do not by
this means avoid the legal-tender act, which I
would not do, for I believe it was a matter of
great necessity to the country at the time it
was made. But we have now certainly reached
a time when we can assert in this act that gold
and silver is money, and that alone is money.
The power of the Government enables men to
pay debts in a particular kind of paper: not
in "rags," but in legal-tender notes. It was
necessary, in the exigencies of the country,
that they should be allowed to do so. By now
retaining this section and saying that when a
man makes a contract to pay in gold the
courts shall be authorized to enforce that con-
tract, we will be taking one step in the right
direction toward the resumption of specie pay-
ment. The contract should be made in writ-
ing. I cannot say, after a number of years'
experience in the courts, and in the mining
countries, that it falls more upon the poor
debtor than upon any other debtor. This section
does not apply to past contracts, but it relates
to contracts to be made front this time forward,
and will help the poor man. The poor man
will contract to pay so much money for what
he buys, and to receive so much money for his
labor, to pay and receive it in gold, without
being subject to the fluctuations of the green-
back market. Gold does not fall; it remains
the same all the time like the mountains from
which it is obtained. It is the paper money
of the country that rises and falls, that ebbs
and flows like the tide, though not with the
same regularity.
I hope this section will be retained in the
bill. I assure the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Logan] that the practical working of it will not
' be to injure the poor debtor, but it will prove
a benefit to him.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Chairman, I have sev-
eral objections to this proposition of the Sen-
ate, proposing to legalize contracts which may
hereafter be made for the payment of obliga-
tions in gold. We have now on our statute-
book a law which makes United States notes,
as they are termed, a legal tender; and the
effect of the proposition now before us would
be to authorize by law two kinds of circula-
tion in this country, to legalize two kinds of
money for the people. I am opposed to any
such policy.
Again, sir, this proposition would put the
poor man in the power of the money lender.
It would give to the man to whom money is
owing, or tlm man holding a mortgage upon a
house or a farm, the right to say when the
debt or mortgage became due, "I must have
my money, or, if you cannot pay it, I will
extend the time provided you make a new con-
tract and pay me in gold." It would thus
place the poor man in tho power of the man
of means, allowing the former to be coerced
into the payment of gold when the gold might
not be in the country. It would compel such
men to become the gold purchasers in this
country, instead of the money lenders trans-
acting that business. Again, sir, by the adop-
tion of this section legalizing contracts for pay-
ment in gold and subjecting the poor man to
the mercy of the money lender, we should
increase the price of gold.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman from Illinois will allow me to remind
him that gold has gone up two and a half per
cent, since the Senate adopted this provision.
Mr. LOGAN. Yes; audit would go up ten
per cent, if the House should adopt it and the
President sign the bill. Now, sir, the gentle-
man from California [Mr. Axtell] is a lawyer,
and I would like to put to him or any other
lawyer a question. We have now upon our
statute-book a law called the legal-tender act.
Suppose that under the provision now pro-
posed, a man should make a gold contract upon
which suit should be brought The judgment,
I suppose, would be payable in gold. Now, I
would like to know in what currency the officer
who executed the judgment would get his pay,
whether in gold or in legal-tender currency ?
Mr. AXTELL. He would be empowered
by this act to enforce the payment of the judg-
ment in gold.
Mr. LOGAN. The law makes United States
currency a legal tender, and the officer would
have no contract for the payment of his fees
and costs in gold. Hence thejudgment would
be collected in gold, and the costs in green-
backs. You might as well pass a lawpio-
i vidmg that if a man should make a con ia
for fifty cords of wood the judgment should be
' for fifty cords of wood but that the costs
should be paid in greenbacks. T" the
principle precisely. I suppose the gentlema
