2146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
hope gentlemen, will permit it to come up, after
the statement of two members of the Finance
Committee as to its importance, and at least
allow it to be proceeded with until the close of
the morning hour.
Mr. THAYER. I observe that on almost
every occasion when a motion is made to take
up a bill more time is spent in the discussion
of the question whether it shall be taken up
than would be necessary to pass the bill. If
there was less of talking and more of action I
think we should accomplish much more. I
hope we shall vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from New
J ersey.
The motion was agreed to; there being on
a division—ayes 10, noes 12.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
accordingly proceeded to consider the bill (S.
No. 440) supplementary to an act entitled "An
act to provide a national currency secured by
a pledge of United States bonds, and to pro-
vide for the circulation and redemption there-
of," approved June S, 1864.
The first section makes it unlawful for na-
tional banks located in the cities of Boston,
■New York, Philadelphia, or any of the cities
named in section thirty-one of the act approved
June 3, 1864, to pay interest on the deposits or
balances of any other national banking asso-
ciation, or to olfer any inducement, other than
the prompt and correct transaction of business,
in order to secure such deposits. It is made
the duty of the Comptroller of the Currency to
see that this act is observed ; and _ upon a
violation thereof by any national banking asso-
ciation he is to proceed, as in other eases of
default, to appoint a receiver to wind up the
affairs of such association according to the pro-
visions of section fifty of the act of June 3,
1864.
By the second section it is provided that every
national banking association selected as a de-
pository of public moneys under the provisions
of section forty five of the national currency
act shall deposit United States bonds with the
Treasurer of the United States as security for
such deposits; and whenever the public moneys
deposited in such association shall exceed
ninety per cent, of the par value of the bonds
so held by the Treasurer as security the Treas-
urer is forthwith, by draft or otherwise, to re-
duce the amount of such deposits to a stun not
exceeding ninety per cent, of the bonds thus
deposited. If any officer or agent of any asso-
ciation designated as a depositary of public
moneys shall pay or offer to pay any money or
other valuable consideration, directly or indi-
rectly, for the purpose of obtaining or retain-
ing deposits of public moneys, or if any officer
or agent of the Government shall receive any
money or other valuable consideration, directly
or indirectly, for making such deposit of public
moneys, such officer or agent is to be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction
thereof to be punished by a fine of not less
than §1,000, or imprisonment for not less than
one year nor more than five years, or both, in
the discretion of the court.
TV PRESIDENT pro temporeIf no
amendment be proposed the bill will be re-
ted to the Senate.
ir. CONKLING. I suggest thatbofore the
.... is reported to the Senate any explanation
ia,t is to be made had better be made. The
'explanation may suggest amendments that
some Senator would like to offer. I should be
clad to hear the explanation.
Mr. CATTELL. Mr. President, the bill
under consideration was reported to the Sen-
ate on the 16th instant from the Finance Com-
mittee, and its passage recommended by the
unanimous vote of the committee. Consider-
ing the measure proposed one of great import-
ance I beg the indulgence of the Senate while
1 st'ite brieflv the provisions of the bill and the
reasons which govern me in advocating its
passage. As the title indicates, the bill * an
amendment to the act creating the national
banking system commonly known as the na-
tional currency act. Of this system from its
inception I have always been an earnest advo-
cate. Its superiority over the old State bank
system which it superseded is now universally
admitted. Without stopping to discuss the
question whether the creation of banks of
issue under State authority was not the assump-
tion by the States of a power reserved to the
Federal Government by the Cramers of the
Constitution, it is safe to say the power was
at least doubtful; and all must admit that
the escape from the evils resulting from a cur-
rency heterogeneous, unequal, and unsafe to
one uniform, equal, and safe, is cause for con-
gratulation, and I venture to say that so radi-
cal a change in the character of the currency
of a great country bringing with it so much to
commend and so little to condemn, and in the
transition disturbing so little the business and
monetary affairs of the nation, is without a
paiallel in the history of the world.
And, Mr. President, I deeply regret the
antagonism to this system which has been
exhibited in some quarters, threatening its
destruction oven before its great advantages
are fully developed. Since it seems to be con-
ceded that paper money is a necessity in all
great commercial countries, and banks of issue
are recognized as legitimate agencies in pro-
moting the trade and commerce of our own
country, let us give a fair trial to that system
which "has delivered us from the financial an-
archy that reigned under the irregular, unequal,
and unsafe issues of the State banks, and has
given us a single, uniform currency of equal
value all over our broad land, regulated and
controlled by the Government, and amply
secured to the holders thereof by a pledge of
Government bonds. The system has received
the popular sanction. Doubts which existed
in some minds at first have been removed by
observation of the practical workings of the
plan. The distinguished Senator from Maine,
[Mr. Fessbkukn, J when Secretary of theTreas-
ury, said, in his report to Congress, December,
1304, when alluding to the national banks:
"TheSocietary wus not among the first to approve
the ptan adopted by Congress, and which seems to be
roi-eiviw? the popular sanction. Tunc and observa-
tion ot'its effects have, however, convinced liim that
tiiosystem, if not without (lcfccts, is based upon sound
principles, and is cmitlcd to all the benefits oi a lair
tiial."
Having myself been brought into close con-
nection with the system, and having carefully
observed its workings and studied the princi-
ples upon which it is based, I concur with a
recent writer, who says:
"If tho national banking system shall prove as
great a houcht as we believe it to be it will Rive to
tho administration of Mr. Lincoln a distinction in
history only second to that acquired by the abolition
of slavery and the successful conduct ot the war."
I have chosen to say thus much in regard to
my estimate of the national banking system
lest in advocating the measure now before the
Senate I might be supposed to be inimical to
the plan. In what I have already said I do
not mean to be understood as claiming that
the system is a perfect one. There are, doubt-
less, some defects which can be remedied by
the wisdom of Congress, and it is because I am
anxious that the system should in all respects
commend itself to the public favor and bear
the most rigid scrutiny as to its soundness and
its conservative influences in the monetary
affairs of the nation tiiat I advocate the
amendment proposed in this bill, which, in mj
judgment, will remedy one of the principal
defects. The first section of the bill provides—
That it shall bo unlawful for national banks lo-
cated in the citics of Boston. Now York, Philadel-
phia, or any of the cities named insi ction thirty-one
of an act entitled "An act to provide a national cai-
rcncy secured by a pledge of United States bonds,
and to provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof," approved JunccS, 1884, to pay i itero.-t on the
deposits or balances of any other national ban kin1,' as-
sociation, or to offer any other inducement, other than
the piompt and correct transaction oi business, in
oidei to secure such deposits; and it is hereby made
the duty of the Comptroller of tho Currency to see
that this act is observed: and upon a violation there-
of by any national banking association ho is hereby
authorized and required to proceed, as in other cases
of default, to appoint a receiver to wmd up the
affairs of such association according to the provis-
ions of section fifty of said act.
This section is intended to break up, as far
as possible, the pernicious practice of the pay-
ment of interest by one class of national banks
to other national banks on their deposits or
current balances. Jn my judgment, the pay-
ment of interest on current deposits or balances
of either banks or individuals is illegitimate
banking, injurious alike to the banks them-
selves and the people. Banks are properly
lenders of money, not borrowers, and when they
bid for money one rate of interest for the pur-
pose of loaning it out at a higher rate they de-
part from their legitimate business, and become
speculators in money, which not only tends to
enhance the rate of interest, but also to bring
into actual use and risk the reserve of the
country, which is manifestly unsafe and unwise,
because this reserve is the conservative power
of the legitimate business of the country, the
necessary balance to steady the financial ship.
Moreover, the tendency of this practice is to
draw capital unnaturally to the great commer-
cial centers to the impoverishment of all other
localities ; and tlms, while it produces a scarcity
of capital for legitimate trade at one point it
produces a temporary plethora of money in the
cities, which, being loaned on call to stock-
brokers and speculators, tends to produce un-
steadiness in business, excessive fluctuations in
stocks, facilitates, in the present condition of
affairs, the gambling gold operations of Wall
street, and is productive of mischief alike to
the community and Co the banks themselves.
This view is sustained by a highly intelligent
committee of New York bank officers, ap-
pointed a few years ago to examine this subject
and to report upon it to the clearing-house
association of New York. In this report, which
is an exceedingly able and interesting one,
they say:
" We believe that the system of allowing interest
on current deposits is unsound in principle, unsafe
in practice, and that it operates injuriously both upon
tho banks themselves and upon the commercial com-
munity.
And near the conclusion of their report, in
urging upon the banks the adoption of an agree-
ment not to pay interest upon balances, they
express the opinion—
" That no si in pie measure can be adopted of a pub-
lic or legislative character that will so effectually
secure the good of the country at large without tho
least admixture of evil."
Now, let us look for a moment at the prac-
tical working of this practice of paying interest
on bank balances under the provisions of the
national currency act. The thirty-first section
of the act reads as follows :
"Awl be it further enacted, That every association
in tho cities hereinafter named shall atall times luue
on hand, in lawful money of the United States, an
amount equal to at least twenty-five per cent, of the
aggregate amount ot its notes m circulation and its
deposits; and every other association shsill at all
times have on hand, in lawful money of the United
States, an amount equal to at least fifteen per cent,
of the aggregate amount uf its notes in cumulation
and of its deposits. And whenoverthe lawful money
of any association in any of the cities hereinafttr
named shall be below the amount of twenty-live per
cent, of its circulation and deposits, and whenever
tho lawful money of any other as^oc iatioii shall be
below fi! teen per cent, of its circulation and deposits,
euch association shall not increase its liabilities by
making any new loans or discounts othci wise than
by discounting or purchasing bills of exchange i«ny-
able at sight, nor make any dividend of its proiits,
j until the required proportion between the aggregato
I amount of outstanding notes of circulation and
J depo-iU and its lawful money of the United States
j phall be restored: Proci'hd, That thiee filths of&aid
I filtocn percent, may consist of balances due to an
1 association available for the redemption of ltscircu-
I latingnotes from associations approved by the Coin l>
| troilor of the Currency, organized under this act, in
I the citics of St. Louis, Louisville, Chicago, Detroit,
! Milwaukee, Xew Orleans, Cincinnati, Cleveland,
i 3>ut-buig, JUltimote, Philadelphia, Boston, iSew
I Yoik,_ Albany, Leavonworth, Ban Francisco, and
: Washington cit>."
Now, it will be observed that by the provis-
ions of this section the banks outside of the
redemption cities arc required to maintain a
reserve of fifteen per cent, of their liabilities
for circulation ana deposit. This reserve is
