1122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
that I am told, as the honorable chairman may
tell us this morning, that the executive branch
of this Government and the State Department
are considering those cases. How? Sending
to England and Ireland for copies of the indict-
ments. Mr. President, when upon a memora-
ble occasion arrests, not of British subjects,
but arrests offensive to Great Britain were made,
d id they send to us for the reason of the arrests ?
Did they ask us to state the case? Did they
give us an opportunity to state the case?, No,
sir; but the insolent message that they sent
was simultaneous with the transportation to Can-
ada of a few contemptible British regiments,
but highly significant, though few, because it
was a sign of British power reaching itself
across the Atlantic and beckoning us with its
threats in connection with its demands for their
release. I know,' and the American nation well
. remember, that this unmitigated insolence to-
ward us was at the time of our deepest distress,
and when perhaps " the better part of valor was
discretion," But, Mr. President, that exigency
in our public affairs no longer remains, and it
should be regarded, as it is, the crime of crimes
against this nation to put a forcible hand upon
an American citizen abroad unless that person
be engaged in stirring up sedition or commit-
ting offenses against the local laws of the nation
iu which he happens to be. Sir, I do'say, and
I am in earnest in saying, and I remind the
honorable chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Relations, that earnest words and earnest
hearts will reach him and us if this delay be
continued in the face of the outrages of which
we are all cognizant.
Mr. President, I am willing to investigate
this case. I am glad that the honorable Sena-
tor and others rush forward to defend a weak
and evidently unprotected female from the
tyrannous grasp of creatures who have been
educated in the infamy of slavery; but there
should go hand in hand with that—nay, pre-
ceding it—an investigation and an expression
of opinion that should make the premier of
Great Britain understand that there is power
here to be used and exercised in defense of the
national rights and the national pride. Mr.
President, silence is not the correct expression
of that pride of opinion. Silence at times be-
comes men and indicates strength and power;
but that is only when men are getting ready for
a struggle. 1 am glad to say in this connection
and to notice that a representative from that
Government has at last arrived here. 1 trust
that we shall by every means, through the
executive branch at once, and by the legis-
lative, too, put an end to those offenses. Yes,
sir, let black and white be protected alike; I am
for their equal protection; and I am glad to
hear the honorable Senator from Kentucky
express the same opinion. I know that it is
but doing his own individual character justice,
and that if he did it the justice that it is really
entitled to he would be on our side, in favor of
universal liberty in fact and in essence for all.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I shall not
follow the Senator in the larger topics that he
has introduced. They are not pertinent to this
debate. At the propertime I shall be ready to
discuss them. There is a simple proposition
on your table for an inquiry into an outrage
that has occurred within sight of this Capitol;
and fellow-citizens, your immediate neighbors,
are iu question. A whole race suffers in this
wrong. Does any one hesitate to enter upon
this inquiry? I do not understand that the
Senator from California hesitates.
Mr. CONNESS. Not at all.
Mr. SUMNER. " Not at all," he says. I
am glad of it. We need his assistance to crush
out the possibility of any such enormity here
under our very eyes.
Mr. CONNESS. You have always had it.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says we have
always had it. He announces his courtesy very
well. We always want it. But now on a prop-
osition concerning persons hero at home the
Senator comes forward to arraign the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations for a supposed indif-
ference or inattention to the rights of fellow-
citizens abroad. Has the Senator any evidence
of any indifference or inattention on the part of
that committee ? If so, let him produce it. He
says that the committee has not reported. True
enough. The subject, he knows, is delicate,
important, many-sided, requiring research and
investigation. I borrow the last word from the
Senator. He says let these cases be " investi-
gated." This is the very thing which is now
being done. Without one day's delay after the
subject was referred to the committee I put
myself in communication with the State Depart-
ment in order to begin the investigation. More
than once I have seen the Secretary with regard
to it. His elaborate report on the subject is at
this moment preparing. When it arrives it
will be found to be voluminous, and I have
assurance that it will exhibit a wakeful activity
on the part of this Government for the protec-
tion of the rights of our fellow-citizens abroad,
whether naturalized or native born. I believe
that the Senator from California, unless I am
misinformed, will be satisfied on this head.
But the report has not yet been received. I
have already said that it promises to be volum-
inous. And now, why is it delayed? The
Secretary of State informed me last Saturday
that he had not the clerical force in his Depart-
ment needed to complete it. He says that the
correspondence entailed upon the Department
in these very ca?es to which the Senator refers
is so extensive that he has not clerks enough
to copy the papers for the use of Congress with-
out taking time. Had he more assistance his
report would be on your tables now. These
are homely facts, but decisive.
I presume that the Senator from California
does not wish to proceed until the investiga-
tion has been had; at any rate, he so announced.
He asked for an investigation. Sir, the investi-
gation is proceeding so far as it can proceed,
and I beg to assure that Senator and the coun-
try that it will be conducted to the end.
I know not that the Senator from California
has a monopoly of sensibilities when the rights
of fellow-citizens are in question. I know not
that he is the single representative on this floor
of American citizens abroad, naturalized or
native born. According to him all that he can
justly claim as a Senator on this floor, and
claiming nothing for myself except an honest
desire to perform all the duties of my position, I
have in my eye other Senators who are not less
sensitive than himself on this question in its
various forms. I beg to assure the Senator
that the question which he has thus fastened
upon the original proposition will be fully con-
sidered by the committee to which it has been
referred, and I do not doubt that afterward it
will be fully considered by the Senate and by
Congress. But it cannot be passed upon with-
out consideration. You cannot precipitate a
report or precipitate a vote. Of this be assured.
You must await the result of that very investi-
gation which the Senator from California
solicits.
And now I come back to the original prop-
osition. If fellow-citizens have been wronged
abroad, no matter in what country or under
what flag, let us reach with strong arm across
land and ocean to protect them; but let us not
fail to reach down to the humble and the lowly
who are at our feet. Protection to all should
be thelaw and the duty of this Republic. In
my opinion it is the first condition of a repub-
lican Government.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to make a single
remark on the subject that is now before the
Senate. I respond fully to the ardent expres-
sion of feeling in which my honorable friend
from California has indulged in relation to the
outrages that may be committed upon any race
of people. I am not for negro suffrage, and
for the simple reason that I am utterly opposed
to a race whose whole history has demonstrated
its incapacity for self-civilization and self-gov-
ernment having any political power in a com-
munity of white men ; but I would be as prompt
to redress wrongs and aggressions on that class
of our people as the Senator from California
or any other person.
But the subject that called him to his feet,
and which he brought to the attention of the
Senate, in all the length and breadth in which
he advocates it, receives my fullest concurrence.
After a good deal of reflection on the subject
1 have come to the deliberate conclusion that
the American Government and the American
people will have to insist as a new principle
of national law that the fullest and freest right
of expatriation shall be allowed and shall be
guarantied to the whole people of the world.
Mr. CONNESS. I only wish to say, in addi-
tion to what I have already stated upon that
subject, that it should be spoken through offi-
cial sources to Great Britain, and they should
be made to understand that the United States
are not merely sensitive upon this subject, but
strongly and determinedly placed, and that the
time has come—unless they admit the Ameri-
can doctrine and practically act upon it—while
the Cross shall be engaged in trampling upon
the Crescent, for the American arm to be
engaged in planting the banner of this nation
from the Pacific to Nova Scotia. _ Nothing but
care on the part of Great Britain in the conduct
of her affairs at this time and justice toward
the people of this country can save this as being
the result of the history of the period in which
we live. I only ask and demand that delay
shall not be the treatment that the subject shall
have officially here. We are told by the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations
that it is receiving constant attention, and I
might add almost continuous delay. Sir, it
admits of no delay. But I cannot take my seat
without repeating again that I am with the Sen-
ator for protecting the weak at home and all
our people abroad.
Mr. YATES. I rise simply to say that the
Senator from Kentucky and others on the op-
posite side of the Chamber should learn one
simple fact, and the sooner they learn it the
better, and that is, that in this country we are
all citizens. English, Irish, Portuguese, Ger-
mans, negroes—all are citizens. That is the
idea of the Declaration of American Inde-
pendence ; that is the doctrine for which the
Union Republican party now exists; and the
sooner we learn this the better, because in less
than five years, aye, in less than three years,
from this moment, by congressional enact-
ment, every man in this country, white or
black, will have his vote at the polls as a free
American citizen.
Sir, not. long since, upon a distant sea, in the
case of Martin Kozsta, the words "I am an
American citizen" were the talisman of pro-
tection to an unnaturalized foreigner, but one
who had declared his purpose to become an
American citizen, and the flag of Austria fell
before the flutter of the stars and stripes.
Shall it be said that in the District of Colum-
bia, in the face of the Capitol, with all its
glorious memories, where freedom was born,
an American citizen shall be turned out of the
cars, shall enjoy no rights, shall have no priv-
ileges, shall be treated with a tyranny worse
than that imposed upon any serf in Europe?
Sir, if I were a member of the Committee on
the District of Columbia I should be in favor
reporting a bill to abate as a nuisance any
railroad company running a railroad through
the District of Columbia that did not accord
Ci?U?> citizens. I would not permit
the Baltimore and Ohio railroad orthe railroad
irom Alexandria to laud a passenger at the
depot in v\ ashington mail they bad learned
ana understood that in this free country we
are all citizens, entitled to the same rights and
the same protection, and that we will have
this.
-•?/i" I do not suppose that there
will be any serious opposition to the passage
ot tins resolution ; but there are circumstances
m this case which have not been adverted to
and which ought to be brought out. in full view
betore the American people. I venture to say
that there is not a Senator on this floor nor a
visitor to the Capitol who has had an opportu-
nity to become acquainted with the Voman
who was the subject of this outrage that is now
