1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
presumed to be the conservative power of the
system to be kept in lawful money at all times
unused and not subjected to risk. But the
law further provides that three fifths of this
amount may consistof balances due from other
banks located in either of the redemption
cities. The country bank cannot, without vio-
lation of the law, use this money reserve in
their own business; but they may send it to a
bank in one of the cities named, and virtually
loan it to them at such rate of interest as may
be agreed upon, while the city bank must, of
course, reloan it at a higher rate of interest,
• thus putting the reserve at work as if it were
usable capital, and virtually destroying the
conservative power intended by the require-
ment of the specified reserve. Nor is this all.
The country bank finds that with the rate of
interest allowed them by the city banks, and
with the profits on exchange drawn against its
city fund?, the tempt ition is strong to keep
even a much larger sum at the redemption
centers than the three fifths of the reserve pro-
vided for by law. An examination of the figures
"in the quarterly reports of the national banking
associations, made in accordance with law, dis-
closes the fact that a sum much larger than
three fifths of the reserve is kept by the coun-
try banks on deposit at the redeeming agen-
cies. Let us look at the figures.
The aggregate of circulation and deposits of
all the national banks on the Ofh of January,
18G8, was $836,039,306, requiring a reserve by
law of $108,470,000. Aggregate amount of cir-
culation and deposits of banks located outside
of redemption cities, $405,395,131, requiring
a reserve of $60,809,000. Now, three fifths
of this amount is $30,485,400; and this is the
sum we might naturally expect to sec in the
banks of the redeeming cities to the credit of
the national banks. But what is the fact? A
further reference to the figures of the quarterly
statement of the 0th of January, 1868, will
show that—
The national banks really have on deposit in the
redemption cities     $Sy,513,'Zi2
But the banks located in redemption cities
report that they have at theirredecming
agencics in New York, which id included
in the ubove sum, and must be deducted
in order to show the actual amount of
deposits by banks outside of redemption
cities   17,732,013
Balance $71,781.22t
If these figures be correct, then the country
banks have over seventy-one millions of their
money—about one third of the entire amount
of their capital—withdrawn from the commu-
nities in which they are located, and for whose
accommodation they were established, and
placed on deposit in the redemption cities.
Now. it is said, and I think with great justice,
that the West and Southwest have not their
fair share of banking facilities. You will hear
this, I imagine, before the session closes, from
my friend, the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Henderson,] in a somewhat impressive form.
You will, if 1 mistake not, find him demand-
ing, in the name of the people he represents,
either an extension of the limit of circulation
or a more equitable apportionment of that now
existing; and yet, in the face of the admitted
fact that circulation is frequently short of the
actual requirements of trade in the interior, it
is gathered up and expressed to the large cities
to swell the bank balances upon which inter-
est is allowed. 1 am aware it may be said that
the reserve, even if kept at home, could not
,be used, which is undoubtedly true; but, as
I have shown, the amount actually kept at
redemption points is about twice as much as
is admissible to be counted as reserve, and to
the extent of this excess the practice impov-
erishes the localities from which the capital is
wirhdrawn.
I object, therefore, Mr. President, to the
practice of paying interest on bank balances,
because, so far as the reserve is concerned, it
is an indirect method of using what is required
.by.law to be kept unused—(ree_ from all risk,
and immediately available. This fund should
be literally what the term implies, a reserve ;
this it ceases to be when deposited in another
bank upon conditions which make its use a
necessity, just as fully as if three fourths of it
were used in discounting by the country bank
itself. And so far as the excess above the re-
serve is attracted from its natural channel by
the payment of interest, I object to it, because
it tends to divert capital from its legitimate
sphere, and accumulates it at the commercial
centers only to foster speculation and work mis-
chief. The amount of these bank balances are
always largest when they are least wanted, and
always rapidly reduced when their withdrawal
is the most inconvenient. It would be easy to
show, also, that the profit to the city banks
adopting this policy is more apparent than
real; but as my argument is not addressed to
bank managers, I will uotdetain the Senate on
this point further than to say that, as a bank
officer under the State law, and also under the
national system, I have always resisted the
payment of interest on bank balances as un-
sound iu finance, wrong in principle, and, to say
the least, doubtful as a source of profit.
I trust this feature of the bill will meet the
approbation of the Senate, and that it will be-
come law. It has the approval of the Comp-
troller of the Currency, who thus speaks upon
the subjeet in his late very able report to Con-
gress :
"Attention is respectfully called to a practice pre-
vailing more or less in the banks of the principal
cities, of paying interest on the balances of country
banks—a practice characterized by the Chancellor
of the Exchequer of England, in commenting upon
the causes which led to the crises of 1857, as 'one
eminently liable to abuse, and containing within it
elements of danger, and to which many of the evils
of the recent crises may be attributed.'
" Country banks keep deposits with city banks for
the purpose of facilitating exchanges in carrying on
their own business; and ordinaiilyit is to be pre-
sumed ttiey find a profit in doing such business, and
in keeping a working balanceiu theeity banks. The
funds so placbd are needed, and properly belong
there, but will not be allowed to exceed the amount
actually necessary for the current demands of busi-
ness. The payment of high rates of interest on such
balances attracts all tile fcpare capital from the coun-
try to tile commercial centers, while it is still payable
on call. This capital wouid not remain dead or un-
employed, but it is drawn away from the country
where it is needed, to tho business centers, where tile
rate of interest is higher. The cities then come into
competition with the country, and compel borrowers
in the couiiuy io pay higher rates."
si;**:-!-:**-****
"But, as the banks pay interest for such deposits,
they must be used; the city banker becomes a broker,
a seeker after investments; hemust get more inter-
est than ho pays or hewiH lose money ; he m us.' loan
it on call, tor it is payable on demand, and it will
always be demanded when he wants it most. De-
posits are ttie reserve of the country, and the depos-
its of tho country banks, at the centers of trade,
are their reserves for all demand liabilities. Re-
quired by law to keep a reserve equal to fifteen per
cent, of their deposits and circulation, three fitlhs
of this reserve may consist of balances due from the
city banks. Forbidden to use their reserve in their
own business, they remit it to New York, where it is
not held in reserve, but it is loaned to stock-brokers
and speculators, lleceiving interest on the amount
under tho name of a depos-it, they really loan it on
call to tiie city banks, which in their turn loan it at
a higher rate of interest."
The second section of the hill is intended to
apply additional safeguards to the public moneys
deposited in such national banks as are or may
be designated as depositories of public moneys.
It will be remembered that the House of
Representatives passed a hill abolishing these
depositories in certain localities, which was
referred to the Finance Committee, and after
a careful examination of the subjeet was re-
ported back to the Senate with a recommend-
ation that it be not passed.
The Secretary of the Treasury, Mr. McCul-
loch ; the Treasurer of the United States,
General Spinner; the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency, Mr. Hulburd; and Mr. \an Dyck, the
Assistant Treasurer at New York, from each
of whom the committee sought information,
all concur iu the opinion that it would be un-
wise for the Government and inconvenient to
the public to dispense with the services of these
institutions in receiving the deposits ol the col-
leetorsof internal revenue. Mr. VanDyckputs
the matter so clearly in his reply to the inquiry
of the Secretary of the Treasury, that I beg to
call the attention of the Senate to his letter.
He says:
United States Tkeasdky,
New York, August 22, 1867.
* $ * * * * fe :Js •#. *
In regard to receiving the deposits of collectors of
infernal revenue I hare not been ableto see my way
clear in the matter. Thefirstobjcetkmrelatesto the
time at which the deposit can be made here. "Most
of the collectors are so far away that their ac*oua(&
for the day would have to be made up long before
the close of business, iu order to get them in here in
season. Then they wish a certificate of theamo'tmt
deposited to transmit, which I should be unwilling
to give until the amount claimed had been verified
by an actual count. The question also arises what
they are to do with the balance of the day's collec-
tions. No bankvrould be willing to receive and keep
it over night only to have it reclaimed the next day,
and it is very questionable whether!! could be safel/
left in the oflice. Besides, now, each day's collec-
tions, as shown by the books, must be deposited, and
a comparison between these and the books of the
bank will always show whether the whole has been
duly deposited. But if we split up the business be-
tween different days, there will be more difficulty in
tracing discrepancies and another door opened to
irregularities.
Bub a stronger objection is found in tho fact that .
very many payments are made in cheeks on all the
banks in this city and Brooklyn, which institutions
are widely scattered and distant from this office. The
several banks receiving the deposits collect these
cheeks through the clearing-house, but in our case
they have to be collected by messenger. Think of
the trouble and annoyance of collecting hundreds
of these small cheeks in this way. We should need
much additional help in the receiving department,*
we should have to keep open much beyond the usual
hours; we should subject collectors (and they citi-
zens) to much annoyance without commensurate
advantage. II. II. VAN DYCK,
Assistant Treasurer.
Hon. II. McCulloch, Seoretarjh
Moreover the committee found upon exam-
ination that the Department held ample security
for the sums deposited in the banks, a security
which presents a striking contrast to the secur-
ity given by assistant treasurers:
The total amount of United States deposits in na-
tional banks, designated depositories, on the 1st
of January, 1B0S, was £19,600,000
United States bonds held ass collateral se-
curity for same  37,827,000
Total amount atsameperiod held by Assist-
ant Treasurers 133,353,2i)3
Security, personal bonds, lor..  I,y95,000
So, as a question of security, it would hardly
seem natural to withdraw deposits secured by
a pledge of two dollars for one in United States
bonds, and transfer them where in the very
nature of the case it is impossible to have any
security worth the naming other than the in-
tegrity and honor of the officer. Besides, it
has been estimated, I believe, by the Secretary
of the Treasury, and the United States Treas-
urer, that the services performed by the na-
tional depositories would cost the Government,
if the labor were performed by its own officers,
from $1,000,000 to $2,000,000 per annum.
Your committee, therefore, in view of the
ample security held from the deposit banks—
the convenience to the public, and to the col-
lectors of internal revenue, and the value of
the services rendered by the banks to the Gov-
ernment. fail to see any good reason why their
use should at present be discontinued.
it is proposed, however, to guard more fully
two points. First, to provide that not more
than ninety per cent, of the par value of the
bonds deposited as security shall be allowed
in any designated depository; and, secondly,
to make it a misdemeanor, punishable by line
and imprisonment, for any otiicer or agent of
any association designated as a depositary of
public moneys to pay or otFer to pay any money
or other valuable consideration, directly or in-
directly, for the purpose of obtaining or retain-
ing deposits of public moneys, and visiting a
like punishment on any ollicer or agent of the
Government who shall receive any money or
valuable consideration, directly or indirectly,
for making such deposit of public moneys.
Both these points are covered by the second
section of the bill. A faithful observance ol
its provisions in regard to the first will render
loss to the Government well nigh impossible,
and the intimation that improper influences
may have been used to secure deposits hashed
the committee to recommend the stringent pro-
visions against such a practice contakieu tne
latter clause of this second section.
