THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
upon accounts stated; but the practice still
continues of signing all customary warrants
by the signature of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. The warrants are prepared and the ini-
tials of the Assistant Secretary in charge of the
warrants placed upon them, and then they are
signed by the Secretary of the Treasury when
lie is present.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask that that law may
be read. I should like to know what it is
exactly.
Mr. Manager BUTLER, (to the witness.)
Do you remember the date of it?
The Witness. It is within a year. I can
find it if you give me the statutes for the last
vear.
" The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
will put a question to the witness: whether
before the passage of the act to which he re-
fers any warrant could be drawn by the Assist-
ant Secretary, unless he was acting Secretary
in the absence of the Secretary?
Answer. There could not. Prior to the
passage of this act no money could be drawn
from the Treasury upon the signature of an
Assistant Secretary, unless when acting Sec-
retary under an appointment for that purpose.
By Mr. Manager Butler:
Question. When the Assistant Secretary acts
for the Secretary, does he sign alj warrants for
the payment of money?
Answer. When acting Secretary, of course
he signs all warrants for the paymentof money.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire toask a question.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. _ The Senator will
reduce his question to writing and send it to
the Chair.
Mr. CAMERON. I did not understand
that. I desire to ask a question merely as to
the practice. I can do it in less time than by
writing it.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The rule requires
it to be reduced to writing.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I will read the law
to which reference has been made:
"An act supplemental to an act to establish the Treas-
ury Depiiitmeiit," approved the 2d of September,
ITS!).
" lie it enacted bn the Senate and Howe of Representa-
tives of the United States of Americain Congress assem-
bled, That the Seeietary of (he Treasury shall have
power, by an appointment under his bandand official
seal, to delegate to one of the Assistant Secretaries
of the Treasury authority to sigrn in his stead all war-
rants f'jrthc payment of money into the public Treas-
ury and all warrants for the disbursement from the
public Treasury of money certified by the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury to be due upon ac-
eountsduly audited and settled by them; and such
warrants so signed shall be in all cases of the same
validity as if tliey had been signed by tho Secretary
of the Treasury himself."
Mr. CONKLING and others. What is the
date of that?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. The date is March
2, 18(57, the same date as tho tenure-of-oflice
act.
A single other question, which, perhaps, is
rather a conclusion of law than of fact. [To
the witness.] In case of the removal or ab-
sence of Mr. McCulloch or the Secretary of
the Treasury, as I understand, the Assistant
Secretary performs alt the acts of tho Secre-
tary ?
Mr. EVARTS. That is a question of law.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I said I doubted
as to that. I was only asking for the practice.
[To the witness.] Is that the practice?_
Answer. I am not certain that it is, without
an appointment as acting Secretary for the
Assistant Secretary, signed by the President.
Mr. CAMERON. I desired to put a ques-
tion, and I think it is contrary to the practice
to require me to put it in writing; but I have
reduced it to writing, and I ask that it be read.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the question proposed by the Senator
from P< nnsylvania.
The Secretary read as follows:
Can the Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, under
the law. draw warrants tor the paymentof moneys
by the Treasurer without the direction of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury ?
The Witness. Since the passage of the act,
I understand, the Assistant Secretary can sign
a warrant for the payment of money in the
cases specified.
By Mr. Evarts :
Question. Is not that by deputation?
Answer. Which is presumed rather to be
with the assent and approval of the Secretary
of the Treasury.
Mr. CAMERON. I will ask another ques-
tion without reducing it to writing.
_ The CHIEF JUSTICE. If there be no ob-
jection, the Senator from Pennsylvania will
be allowed to put a question without reducing
it to writing.
Mr. WILLTAMS. Mr. President, I object.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator from
Oregon objects.
"Mr. CAMERON. The question I intended
to ask was, has it been the practice 
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator is
not in order.
Mr. Manager BUTLER, (to the witness.)
Has it been the practice for him to sign war-
rants ?
Answer, Since the passage of the act in
question it has.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Senators, the
question is: Shall the evidence proposed by the
Managers be received ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to put a
question as soon as I have an opportunity to
write it. [Alter writing.] There are two
questions which I wish to put.
'The CHIEF J USTICE. The Secretary will
read tho questions proposed by the Senator
from Maine.
The Secretary read as follows :
Question. Has it been tho practice since tho passage
of the law for an Assistant Secretary to sign warrants
unless specially appointed and authorized by the
Secretary of tho Treasury?
Question, tlas any Assistant Secretary been author-
ized to si?n any warrants except such as are specified
m tho act ?
The Witness. It has not boon the practice
for an Assistant Secretary since the passage of
the act to sign warrants except upon an ap-
pointment by the Secretary for that purpose
in accordance with the provisions of the act.
Immediately upon the passage of the act the
Secretary authorized one of his Assistant Sec-
retaries to sign warrants of the character de-
scribed in the act, and they have been custom-
arily signed by that Assistant Secretary in all
eases since that time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now, let the second
question be read.
The Secretary read the second question, as
follows :
Has any Assistant Secretary been authorized to sign
any warrants except such as are specilied by the act?
The Witness. No Assistant Secretary has
been authorized to sign warrants except such
as are specified in this act, unless when acting
Secretary.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Senators, you who
are of opinion that the evidence offered on the
part of the Managers should be admitted will,
as your names are called, answer "yea;"
those who are of the contrary opinion will say
" nay." The Secretary will call the roll.
The question being taken, the result wasan-
nounced—veas 2o, nays 2U.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 desire to knowhowmy
name is recorded ?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator is
recorded among the yeas.
Mr. CONNESS. • That is a mistake. I
voted in the negative, and I wish myself re-
corded correctly.
The change being made, the result was an-
nouneed-
-yeas 22, nays
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Cattell, Chand-
ler, Cole, Conkling, Corbctt, Cragin, Drake, Howard,
Howe, Morgan, Morrill.of Vermont, Nye, Pomeroy,
Ramsey, Ross, tiprague, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton,
and Witson—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Buckalew, Conness, Da-
vis, Dixon, Doolittle, Edmunds, Ferry, Fessendon,
Fowler, jfrclinghuysen, Grimes, Henderson, Hend-
ricks, Johnson, McCrecry, Morrill of Maine, Norton,
Patterson of New Hampshire, Patterson of Tennes-
see, Sherman, Stewart, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Viek-
ers. Wiiiey, and Williams—~T. _ ,
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Harlan, Morton, Sauls-
bury, Wade, and Yates—5.
, 27 ; as follows :
Tho CHIEF JUSTICE. ~ The yeas are 22,
the nays are 27. So the evidence is riot
rccfjivcd.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Then I have
nothing further to ask this witness at present.
We may wish to call him again, however, at
another part of the ease, when we get along
further, so that we can offer this in another
view.
_ Mr. EVARTS. We shall reserve our ques-
tions till then..
Charles A. Tinker sworn and examined.
By Mr. Manager Butler:
Question. What is your full name?
Ansieer. Charles A. Tinker.
Question. What is your business?
Answer. 1 am a telegraph operator.
Question. Aieyou in charge of any office?
Answer. I am in charge of the Western
Union Telegraph office in this city.
Question. Were you at any time in charge
of the military telegraph office of the War
Department ?
Answer. I was.
Question.. From what time to what time?
Answer. I can hardly tell from what time.
I was in charge of the military telegraph office
of the War Department up to August, 1867.
I think 1 was personally in charge something
like a year; I was connected with the office
for something like five years.
Question. While in charge of thatoffice state
whether a dispatch from Lewis E. Parsons, of
Montgomery, Alabama, came to Andrew John-
son, President of the United States, and if so
at what date?
Answer. I think while in that office I saw a
great many such dispatches.
Question. What paper have you ia your
band?
Answer. I have what professes to be a copy
of a telegram from Lewis E. Parsons, Mont-
gomery, Alabama, addressed to ''His Excel-
lency Andrew Johnson, President."
Question. Do you know whether that tele-
gram came through the oflice?
Ansiver. I recognize this as being the char-
acter of dispatch which passed through or was
received at,the military telegraph office.
Mr. CURTIS. That we must object to.
Mr. Manager BUTLER, (to the witness.)
Were there duplicate originals ot telegrams
received kept at the military telegraph office?
Answer. What is called a press copy was
taken of each dispatch before being delivered
from the office.
Question. Was such a press copy taken of
each dispatch before it was sent?
Ansieer. Not before being sent.
Question. The original was kept, then?
Answer. The original waB kept on file in the
office.
Question. State whether at my request you
examined those press copies?
Answer. I did.
Question. Did you find sncli a dispatch as I
have described among those press copies?
Answer. I did.
Question. Did you copy it ?
Answer. I made a copy.
Question. Have you got that in yoar hand ?
Answer. No, sir; I have not.
Question. Can you give an explanation as to
that copy you now have in your hand ?
Answer. I made a copy of the dispatch and
answered the summons of the Managers, and I
placed the copy in your hands, and I heard you
order your clerk to make a copy of that, and
after a short time the clerk returned with that
copy and read the copy which he had made,
and you returned to me the copy I had made.
Question. Have you that copy ?
Answer. I have.
Question. Very well; produce the original
dispatch and the copy both?
Mr. EVARTS. I ask what is meant by the
"original dispatch." I understood this was a
despatch received here.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. The original press,
copy is meant.
