1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4195
tod for that reason I am opposed to any
amendment which would retain this section in
the bill.
Mr. BOYDBN. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I move to amend the
section by inserting after the word "coin," in
the two places where it occurs, the words " or
gold dust according to its value." I offer that
amendment for the simple reason that in the
com try in which I live in all contracts the
amount s are given in ounces, pennyweights, and
grains. That is the way that we make contracts
in the mountains. That is the way that contracts
are made in all raining countries. Idesire as
an act of justice to the miners that tins amend-
ment shall he adopted, because that is the only
coin we know there. The amendment is just
and proper, and ought to prevail.
Mr. COBURN. Mr. Chairman, I think the
adoption ©f this section would be most disas-
trous to the country. The direct result would
be that all contracts would have to be made for
gold. Every unscrupulous man, where a debt
is due and is desired to be continued by the
debtor, would compel his debtor to give a con-
tract in gold, or refuse to renew it. Every one
who owed a debt and made a contract of this
kind, instead of paying greenbacks as he does
now, would have to go to New York or^send
to the gold centers and purchase gold. There
would be a demand not only for the amount of
gold necessary for interest, and for the pay-
ment of duties, and for imports, but for the
payment of every debt throughout the land,
it would result in commercial revulsion and
disaster widespread throughout the land. It
would result iis the enhancement of the value
of gold, I will venture to say, fifty per cent, in
thirty days. There would be such a scene of
disaster aisd ruin in this country a3 we never
have witnessed.
We had in our own State a parallel instance
of this kind. During the hard times of 1837,
when everybody in debt was going to the wall,
there was a clause in our statutes by which
dlbtors were relieved through appraisement
and valuation laws. This was virtually a stop
to the payment and collection of debts. But
a year or two after those laws came in force a
law was passed providing that contracts could
be made without the relief of the valuation and
appraisement laws. What was the result? In
less thun a year almost every contract and note
in the State was made with the limitation,
"without the relief of the valuation and ap-
praisement laws." And although those laws
are not yet directly repealed, they are practi-
cally repealed, for all the printed forms of
notes, contraets, bonds, and mortgages, con-
tain the clause, "without the relief of the
valuation and appraisement laws."
And the result would be similar in this case,
that all notes would be printed "payable in
coin," and there would consequently be an
immense rise in the value of gold. AVe have
not more than $200,000,000 of gold coin in
this country. I know that there are estimates
from the special Commissioner of the Revenue
and from the Secretary of the Treasury^ that
there are over $300,000,000 in gold coin in
this country. But that estimate is not founded
upon any satisfactory basis; it is mere guess
work. I do not believe thegold coin of the coun-
try exceeds the sum of $200,000,000, and that
is needed for the purpose of paying the duties
on imports, the interest on the public debt,
and for foreign goods, and none will be left
for the use of the million of debtors. Adopt
this system and there will be general derange-
ment of business and widespread bankruptcy
and ruin.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. I move
to amend this section by adding to it the fol-
lowing :
ProvidedThat any contract made payable
in emu may be paid in United States notes, by adding
to the amount ofthe contract the amount of pre-
mium at which coin may sell in the New York mar-
ket on the day the contract matures.
Mr. LOGAN. That develops exactly the
state of things which this system will bring
about.
Mr. IIUBBABD, of West Virginia. I am
not especially anxious that this section shall
be retained in the bill; but if it is retained I
think the proviso I have moved should be
attached to it. I am in favor of reaching spe-
cie payment at some time ; but I am afraid
that under the bill as it now stands we should
reach it too suddenly.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I rise to a point of
order. What has become of the amendment
I have offered ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is pending, and will
be voted on when the amendment of the gen-
tleman from West Virginia [Mr. Hubbard]
shall have been disposed of.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. The
effect of my amendment would be to makecoin
the standard of value. At the same time it rec-
ognizes United States notes as money by the
payment of which the terms of the contract may
be fulfilled, and the party required to pay
coin would have the option of paying in coin
or currency. But as I have stated coin would
be the standard value, while the variation of
value would be in United States notes. Now
the standard of value is United States notes,
and the variation is in the value of gold. It
would be a step in the direction of specie pay-
ments, but would shorten the_ step^ so as to
permit payments to be made in coin or cur-
rency at the option of the party making the
payment.
Mr. LOGAN. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman if the effect of his amendment would
not be to make the legal rate of interest at
least forty per cent.; that is, would not a man
get $140 for a note of $100?
M r. C A KE. O n its fi rst ren ewal ?
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. I do
not so understand it. If the effect of this
measure be as some suppose, to render United
States notes less valuable compared with coin,
in my judgment it would not make any differ-
ence : present contracts which are payable
in United States notes could be paid at a less
cost to the debtor. It is true the debtor might
be compelled to pay his debt, but he would
have the option of borrowing money else-
where on perhaps more favorable terms.
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. The
present condition ofthe business of the country
is such that dealers in all foreign commodities,
teas, coffees, spices, &c., are obliged to contract
to pay in coin. All thobe commodities are
to-day in all our commercial sea-ports bought
and sold in coin, and in no other way. ilie
man who purchases these articles of the im-
porter must make an arragement to pay for
them in coin, either at sight, orin thirty, sixty,
or ninety days, as the case may be. My amend-
ment merely proposes to legalize transactions
which are now sustained by commercial honor
and commercial integrity. I therefore trust
that it' this section-®? the bill is retained my
amendment may be adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise for the purpose of
moving that the committee rise, to terminate
debate on this section.
Mr. BINGHAM. I would like to say a few
words. ,
Mr. SCHENCIv. I will yield to my col-
league [Mr. Bingham] four minutes of my
time, reserving to myself one minute in which
to make the proposition to stop debate.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Chairman, I hope
that this section will be struck out as recom-
mended by the Committee of Ways and Means.
The views expressed by the gentleman
Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] ought to impel him
and every gentleman ou that side who agrees
with him to vote to strike out the section,
which, if he be right in his assumption, is but
a lame and impotent attempt- to reijnact m this
bill a provision of the Constitution of the Um-
ted States. If under the Constitution, as he
claims, every monetary contract in this coun-
try is dischargeable alone in gold and silver,
any law of Congress to the contrary notwith-
standing, then the legislation here proposed is
a work of supererogation.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman*allow
me a question ?
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman must ex-
cuse me; I have but four minutes. I have
stated the gentleman's position, and have said
all I desire to say on that subject.
One word further as to the effect whieli this
section must have if enacted into a law. There
are now owing by the people of the United
States debts to the amount of hundreds of mil-
lions, I venture to say thousands of millions
of dollars. This section is simply an enact-
ment to crush the debtor part of the com-
munity ; an enactment in the interest of the
money-monger; an enactment in the interest
ofthe usurer; and for that reason I am opposed
to it.
Again, sir, it is an enactment against the
interests of the Republic. I have no objec-
tion to gentlemen ringing the changes upon the
old cry which they raised when the nation was
struggling for its existence, that nothing can
be a legal tender in this country but gold and
silver. Sir, every well-informed man knows
that nothing was ever a legal tender of univer-
sal application in the United States save in so
far as it was made such by an act of Congress.
Your Constitution is silent on the subject, save
in the limitation which it imposes on the sev-
eral States, not upon Congress.
Again, sir, all the debts of the United States
owing at the time of the enactment of the legal-
tender law of 18G2 were by the then existing
laws payable in gold and silver. Those debts
have been discharged to the amount of thou-
sands of millions of dollars, and I tell gentle-
men that when they undertake to pass this
section they reopen this question and say that
all the decisions pronounced heretofore upon
preexisting contracts ot the United States in
your own Court of Claims against creditors de-
manding payment in gold and silver or its
equivalent are to be set aside, the accounts re-
adjusted, and these parties paid the difference
between what was understood at the time of
the settlement of the claim to be the value of
legal tenders and that of coin. No more de-
structive or injurious legislation than this could,
in my judgment, be enacted by Congress.
Again, sir, the people of the United States
have no security against that calamity which
sooner or later overtakes all nations ; and this
legislation is calculated to induce the holders
of money, in case the great calamity of war
should again fall upon this country, to say to
the Government bound by your own statute,
if you could so bind it, "We loan you not a
dollar except upon the condition of your law,
that we shall be paid in gold and silver." I
deny the power of Congress thus to fetter the
sovereignty of the American people by any sort
of legislation. Every mail makes Ms contract
within the jurisdiction of every sovereignty
upon the face of the earth, subject to the con-
dition, and it is of the essence of the contract
when it comes to be enforced in the tribunals
of the country in which the contract is made,
that whatever shall be the leg&l tender on the
day of judgment by the law of the sovereignty
in which his contract is made, shall discharge
the judgment. That, sir, is the law of every
civilized country on the globe to-day. The
Constitution is silent, as I said before, on the
subject of legal tender, and as to the nation-
ality, for the reason that it is the right of every
nationality to change what shall be legal tender
from day to day, within its own jurisdiction,
as to contracts made within its jurisdiction at
its pleasure, because the nation alone can by
law declare what shall be a legal_ tender m
every State and Territory of the Union, w H
the States alone are restricted to gold ana s
ver as a legal tender. If the ejiot
so restricted, they might by iaw tue -
the coin of the United States, should not^bea
legal tender in discharge of debts, and therein
