2148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
Believing, Mr. President, that the passage
of this bill will result in great good to the
legitimate business of the country at large,
that it will remedy one of the most serious
defects of the national bank system, and thus
make the system still more effective in" its
operations and still more popular with the peo-
ple, I sincerely trust it will meet with the favor-
able consideration of the Senate and become
a law of the land.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, to my mind
this_ bill is an excellent one for the city banks;
but ifl can trustto an experience of some thirty
years connected with country banks I think it
would break them all up; and it rather seems
to nae to have been gotten up for that purpose-
not, of course, by the Senator from New Jer-
sey—but somehow or other it looks to me as if
this was a great combination of the city banks
to make more money out of the country insti-
tutions. I do not see how the country banks
can exist if you are to prevent them from re-
ceiving interest upon the deposits they have in
the cities. They are compelled to send their
funds to the cities for the redemption of their
notes because the notes go there first. I be-
lieve the bank law makes it apart of their duty
to redeem their notes at certain designated
cities. They have only a portion of the year
when they can do business at home. The busi-
ness of the country banks comes from the agri-
cultural products and the mining products of
the neighborhoods in which the banks are
located. During the time when the far mar is
preparing his stock for market he borrows from
the country bank. When the feeder is buying
his lean cattle he borrows his money from the
country bank. When the product goes to mar-
ket there is a certain period of the year when
the country banks have scarcely any business
at home, except to lend money at long time
upon accommodation notes made for the pur-
pose of getting loans, and upon the payment
of which at a fixed time they can never certainly
depend. Their custom is, during the business
season, to do the whole business of the coun-
try which is legitimate, and for which they ex-
pect to be paid in a reasonable time ; and after-
ward the country banks in my State send their
money to Philadelphia and in other States to
Other commercial centers, and receive an in-
terest upon it while it remains there upon de-
posit. I have no means of knowing just now
the amount of deposits in New York and Phil-
adelphia belonging entirely to country banks,
but they must be immense.
This bill will enable the city banks to con-
trol the country banks entirely, and induce
them to place their money in the hands of
brokers; for, after all, the system in the cities
is to get as much money out of their unem-
ployed funds as possible, the same as it is in
the country. They lend money by the day,
sometimes by the hour, to brokers upon stock
securities, and they can call it in whenever
they please. If this bill is to pass I shall pro-
pose to amend it by inserting after the word
"deposits" in the twelfth line—
Nor shall any bank located in any of the said
cities loan to brokers or other person enttaged in
stock speculations any portion of thoir funds.
It is just as important that you should save
the city banks from making wild and improper
loans as it is that you should save the country
banks from doing wrong. In the course of
my life I have seen at three different periods
a general failure of the banks; and my ex-
perience is that in each ease the failures began
in the cities. The city banks were unable to
pay their deposits to the country banks and
stopped payments, and then the country banks
were compelled to stop also. There will not
be that danger under this system, however.
Mr. CATTELL. Allow me to ask my friend
if that is not a very good reason why the coun-
try banks should not keep so much of their
funds in these city banks, where they are in
danger?
Mr. CAMERON. I expected that question,
bat there is nothing in it. When the city banks
broke up, as they have always done at every
crisis heretofore, the whole monetary affairs of
the country stopped. There is a great system,
and one stops with the other.
There is no reason why the country banks
should be required to keep the reserved fund
in any one particular bank. It is just as con-
venient, and more convenient, for a country
bank to have its funds in the city than at
home; and it is just as safe, because each is
part of a great system, and if the system breaks
down all go together.
I was not prepared for this bill to come up
to-day. I did not think of it, indeed ; nor did
I believe it was going to be seriously pressed.
I thought it was one of those schemes that are
very often got up in the cities, and which I
have frequently seen during my life got up for
particular effect; but if it is seriously proposed
to pass the bill I will offer the amendment
which I have indicated.
Mr. WILSON. 1 move that the further
consideration of this bill be postponed until
to-morrow.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why not just as well
go on with it to-day?
Mr. WILSON. There are other matters to
be considered to-day.
Mr. CATTELL. Allow me to make a single
remark to urge the early passage of this bill, if
it is to be passed at all. As 1 understand it,
some of the older and stronger banks in the
city of Now York have found out that, at any
rate, if the principle itself is not wrong, they
have been paying too great a rate of interest,
and they have notified the banks in the interior
that they must reduce that rate. Some of the
banks, perhaps not so strong, taking advan-
tage of that state of facts, are offering to pay
the old rate of interest, four per cent. Conse-
quently the country banks are, to a large ex-
tent, applying to the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency for permission to change their redeem-
ing agency from one bank to another, and I
think he anticipates great evil in concentrating
into some of the smaller banks a very much
larger amount of reserve than should be in a
single bapk. While this matter is in abeyance
he will be somewhat embarrassed. He would
prefer, rather than to decide upon those appli-
cations as they come along, to have the ques-
tion settled whether the practice is to be dis-
pensed with or not. It is for that reason that
1 should like to see the bill passed at once.
Mr. WILSON. I hope this bill will be
postponed. I voted to take it up and to take
the floor away from the Senator from Iowa on
the bill which was laid aside the other day;
but I understood, when we took up this bill,
that it would occupy but a short time, only the
morning hour. Jt has gone much beyond that,
and 1 think we may as well postpone it until
to-morrow.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I voted to take
up this bill on the information of the Senator
from New Jersey that it would probably not
occupy much time, or only a few moments be-
yond one o'clock, and upon the idea that the
bill which the Senator from Michigan had in
charge would be likely to occupy a somewhat
longer time; and also on an understanding
with the Senator from New Jersey that he
would yield to my purpose to call up the naval
appropriation bill about this time. Now, I
hope the Senator from New Jersey will have
no objection to allowing this bill to pass over
that I may call up the appropriation bill. I
submit the motion that this bill be postponed
and the Senate proceed to the consideration of
the naval appropriation bill, and on that mo-
tion I wish to make a single remark
Mr. CATTELL. I said to the Senator from
Maine that if this bill led to discussion, so as to
interfere with the appropriation bill which he
proposed to bring up at or near one o'clock, I
would make no opposition to postponing it. I
should be very glad to have the bill passed, but
if he insists on going on with the appropriation
bill I shall not object to this bill going over.
Mr. FRELINGIIUYSEN. I would suggest
to the Senator from Maine whether we can take
up that appropriation bill properly to-day?
The chairman of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs and most of the members of that commit-
tee are away. I think it is desirable that they
should be here when that bill is considered.
Mr. MORRILL., of Maine. The chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs is also a
member of the Committee on Appropriations;
he understood that the naval appropriation bill
was to be called up to-day and made no objec-
tion.
Mr. CAMERON. _ This bank bill will most
likely occupy some time. It is really a ques- _
tion between the city and the country banks,
and when I can get the gentlemen here who are
interested in the country to look at it I think
there will be something more said about it than
what 1 shall say. Besides, I want time to look
into it further.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
from New Jersey consents that the bill may go
over, and I have moved to take up the appro-
priation bill. I do not desire to antagonize
the appropriation bill against the desire of the
Senator from Iowa to finish his speech, but I
do not understand that lie makes that point at
the present moment, and I confidently believe
that if the Senate will proceed to the consid-
eration of this appropriation bill it will not
occupy more than an hour. With that expect-
ation, I hope the Senate will allow the bill to
come up. At any rate, I submit the motion.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the Senate will
take up the railroad bill in preference to the
bill mentioned by the Senator from Maine.
We have been engaged in the discussion of it
a considerable time and I think have reached
very nearly its close, and I really hope, for one,
we shall dispose of that bill to-day, if possible.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not think
the naval appropriation bill will occupy much
time; and after it is disposed of the Senator
will have an opportunity to make his motion.
I feel bound to call that bill to the attention
of the Senate now for the reason that it ought
to go to the House of Representatives to be
acted upon between this and to-morrow, as the
Senate understands that we are to be engaged
next week upon other matters.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Maine, to postpone the bill under consideration
until to-morrow for the purpose of taking up
the naval appropriation bill.
Mr. SUMNER. There seems to be a little
misunderstanding here. Some Senators seem
to think that the effect of refusing the post-
ponement would be to keep the bill of the
Senator from New Jersey before the Senate.
Perhaps its first effect would be that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands that if the motion prevails it vill
bring the naval appropriation bill before the
Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I am in favor of proceed-
ing with the unfinished business 
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is no unfinished
business.
Mr. SUMNER. There is business that is
unfinished, which has been before the Senate
day by day for several days, and which may be
finished now this afternoon, and the Senator
from Iowa is in the midst of a speech upon it.
Now, I do think it is the best economy for us
to get rid of that this afternoon. Do not send
it over to another day. Why should we have
so many unfinished matters before the Senate?
Here is the business of my friend from New
Jersey, then the business of my friend from
Michigan, all unfinished ; and now my friend
from Maine proposes to bring forward a third
matter, which may be left unfinished. It does
seem to me that we had better take up to-day
the earliest matter which is still unfinished, and
carry it to a conclusion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Senator
allow me to make a suggestion?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If this motion
