3172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
just taken ; arid also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. Gentlemen ask how soon
a bill of that kind can be reported. That
depends on circumstances, but mostly on the
interpretation of the resolution. We are to
report, so the resolution says, on the revision
of the taxes. If we are only to report what
shall ba the tax on distilled spirits and what
on tobacco, we will be able to report very
soon indeed. If we are to retain all the
machinery provided for the collection of the
tax and all those portions of the bill dove-
tailed together giving it unity, I do not know-
how long it will take. Iinquirc, therefore, of
gentlemen wiser than myself what interpreta-
tion they put upon this resolution? It only
directs the revision of the taxes. I wish to
know whether we are to go into the machinery
for the collection of the taxes, whether we are
to introduce the necessary provisions which
we have already reported.
Mr. DAWES. The House has confidence
that the committee will report such measures
and such tax on whisky and tobacco as may
be required.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask in good faith to have
the interpretation of this resolution Settled. I
find members of the Committee of Ways and
Means are disagreed to some extent as to what
the resolution at last means. I ask that the
resolution be again read.
Mr. WASIIBURNli, of Illinois. That does
not bring the resolution again before the House?
The SPEAKER. It does not.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. SOIIKNCI(. Nuw: Mr. Speaker, I ask
when the Committee of Ways and Means report,
a bill under that resolution the members of the
House will stay here and help us to get it
through. When we had the other bill before
us the members who voted to day to set it aside
left us by their absence without a quorum in
Committee of the Whole, and thus delayed
action.
Mr. PRICE. The gentleman does not refer
to me, for I was always in attendance.
Mr. SCHENCK. I believe the gentleman
attended faithfully.
Mr. HARDING-. I was always present in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman need not
purge himself, I will give him a certificate.
Both of those gentlemen having been here are
as well aware of the fact as I am that while
they and I and others have been here vve have
been without a quorum to attend to this busi-
ness : and we were without a quorum because
of the absence of many of those who voted this
morning to send this bill back to the committee.
Mr. HARDING. I understand the gentle-
man to say he is in favor of the reduction ot
the tax on whisky.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think the committee
will be inclined to go for it.
Mr. HARDING." I hope the committee will
not procrastinate, so there may be an end to the
reign of the "whisky ring."
Mr. LOGAN. I hope we will have no more
insinuations, and that this debate, which is
entirely out of order, will bebroughtto a close.
The SPE A.KER. The debate is not in order.
Mr. SCHENCK. I thought I was in order.
The House suspended the rules for the intro-
duction of my resolution to make the bill,when
reported from fhe Committee of Ways and
Means, the special order until disposed of. In
view of that I wish also to have the order of
the House instructing the committee more
definite. It is now indefinite, and gives rise to
various interpretations. _
The SPEAKER. The gentleman s resolu-
tion was adopted..
CONTESTED ELECTIONS IS WASHINGTON.
Mr SCHENCK. I offer the following res-
olution: and if I cannot have unanimous con-
sent to <>ffer it 1 will move to suspend the rules.
Itemlved, Thattho rules be suspended, and Senate
II bill No. 531 bo taken from the Speaker's table for
}! action at thi-s tune; and after twenty minutes' debate
<! on ouch fide the vote shall be token on the pa?sage
!j of the bill without any dilatory motions whatever/'
'| Mr. KLD1UDG-K, What is that bill ?
,j Tiie Si/KAKftE. It is the Senate billrelat-
;! ing to contested elections in the city of Wash-
l< ingron.
j Air. BOYER. I object.
!j Ah', ELDRIDGrE. it is an outrage to at*
ii tempt to pass this bill, allowing only twenty
'! minutes for debate.
Mr. SCHENCK. I insist on my resolution
for the suspension of the rules for the purpose
indicated.
Mr. KANDALL. I call for the yeas and
miys.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
it yeas 103, nays 27, not voting dy ; as follows:
f YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Delos R.Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Lailey, B;iker,Baldwin, Beivmun,
Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Blaine. Blair,
BoutwelhBuekhuid, Butler. Cake. Churchill. "Render
W. Clarke, Cobb. Cook, Cornell, Covode, CuHmn,
Dawefi, Delano, Dixon, l>odgc, Donnelly, Brig??,
K^leston, El a, Eliot, l?arnsworth, XVvviss, Fovvy,
Fields,Garfield, Gravely, Harding, Hawkins, Higby.
Hooper. Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard, IJulburd,
IngerhoU, Jcncke*, .Judd, Julian, Keisey, Kitohen,
Koontz, Lafhn, Loan, Logan, Loughrulge, Lynch,
Mallory, Marvin, Alaynard, McCarthy, McClury,
Mereur, Miller, .Moore, Morrell, MaHins, Myers,
Neweomb, Nuim,<J'Neill, Peters, Pike, X)lants,X->ols-
ley, Pomeroy,Price,Rauiu, Sawyer, Schenck,Seofachk
Relye, Shanks, Shcllabarger, Si aldin<f, Aaron IT.
Steven^, Stokes, Tnfie,Taylor, Thomas. Trowbridge,
TwieheH,UVbon, Van Aevnam, liobpit T. Van Horn,
Ward, Eiihu li. Wushburnc, Jlenr.y D. Washburn,
WHkcr, Thomas Williams, and William Williams
—30:;.
x^'AYS—Messrs. Adams,- Archer, Axtell, Barnes,
Beck, Boyur, Burr, Cary, Eldridge, Gtossbrenner,
<J.">lli\day, Grover, Ilotehki.-^, Humphrey, Johnson,
Knott, McCormick, Xihlack.PbfdpH, Pro vn. Hand all,
Robh^ou, Slew art, Tuber, Lawrence S, Trimble,"Van
Tiump. and Woodwaid—-7.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Amor, Arn ell, Banks, Bar-
nuDi. Bromwell, Brooks, Bioomall, Chanlev, Sidncv
Clarke, C<>bnrn, EeklcyrFinney, Vox,Uetz, Gnswold,
Jlni'^ht, Bailey, llil), llolman, Ab-.ihcl W.Hubbard,
Richard D. Hubbard, Hunter, Jones, Ivelley, Kerr,
Keteham. George "\?. Lawrence, William Lawrence,
Lincoln, Marshall, MeCullougb, Moorhead, Morris-
sey, Muin?en, Nicholson, Orth, Paine, Perham, Pile,
Poland, Robertson, Boss, Sitgrrcaves, Smith. Stark-
weather, Thaddeus Slovens, Stone, John Tumble,
Van Aukeu, Bun.Van Horn, Van Wyek, Cadwalnder
C. Washburn, William 1>. Washburn. James F. Wil-
son, John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom,
Wood, and Woodbridgc—-oD.
So (two thirds having voted in favor thereof)
I the rules were suspended and the bill was
before the House, and was read a first and
second time.
The bill was reported. It provides that when-
ever any person lias received or sliall hereafter
receive a certificate from the register of the
city of Washington, based upon satisfactory
evidence furnished by the commissioners of
election, notifying him of his election to any
elective office in said city, the person receiving
such notification shall he entitled to enter upon
the discharge of the duties of his office, ana
the certificate of the register shall be prima
facie evidence of his election to and right to
discharge the duties of the office. i
The second section provides that any person j
'j who shall hinder or obstruct a person holding J
II fhe certificate of election mentioned in the.-fore- !
'i going section from entering upon or discharging ,
!j the duties of his ofiice, shall be deemed guilty :
' ! of amisdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof, !
(i in any court of competent jurisdiction, shall i
l! be fined in any sum not exceeding' 51,000, or i
i! be imprisoned in the comity jail not exceeding i
six months, or both, in the discretion of the j
'I court. j
Thethirdsectionproposestogivethesupreme j
court of the District of Columbia, or any judge j
thereof, jurisdiction to enforce, by mandamus
J; or otherwise, the right of any person holding ;
j' the certificate mentioned in the first section. |
|! Under the fourth section any person who i
claims, or shall hereafter claim, to be elected j
[i to any elective office in Washington city may
if commence proceedings before the supreme
!'i court of the "District of Columbia, by petition
ji setting forth the facts upon which he relies,
11 and shall serve a copy on the incumbent or
h person who has received the certificate of elec-
tion ; and the person ao served is to .make
answer to th® petition within five days; and
the comt is thereupon to try the rights of the
parties to the office in a summary manner;
and for that purpose a special session is to be
called and held whenever necessary for the
purposes of such trial; and the decision of
the court in any ease so brought before it is to
be final and conclusive. And when the legal
organization of' the board of aldermen or
board of common council shall be delayed on
account of any contest in relation to the elec-
tion of any member of either of said boards,
the mayor of said city is hereby authorized to
make temporary appointments of all subordi-
nate officers, whose appointment or election is
authorized by the said mayor and members of'
said boards under existing laws, to continue
until said boards shall be legally organized.
Mr, RANDALL. I move to lay the bill on
the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. On that I call the yeas
anu nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain the motion. By the resolution suspend-
ing the rules the House has ordered after
twenty minutes debate on each side that the
vote s'hall be taken on the passage of the bill,
without any dilatory motion whatever.
Mr. KLDHIDGE, The motion to lay on
the tabic is not a dilatory motion. The Speaker
has so held.
The SPEAKER. The order of the House
is precisely the reverse, however, to-day. This
order is not only " without any dilatory motion
whatever," but it says that after twenty min-
utes debate on each side the House shall take
a vote on the passage of the bill.
Mr. RANDALL. Is it not in the power
of the House to vote the bill down—to liill it?
The SPEAKER. It is ; by rejecting it.
Mr. RANDALL. Well, 1 want to take a
summary method of doing it, by laying it on
the table.
The SPEAKER. The House has ordered,
under a suspension of the rules, that after
twenty minutes' speeches on each side the
vote shall he taken on the passage of the bill.
Mr. ROBINSON. When was that order
made?
The SPEAKER. Just now, under a suspen-
sion of the rules, by a vote of yeas 103, nays 27.
Mr. ROBINSON. I understand _ that the
rules were suspended to bring the bill before
the House, but that does not pass the bill.
The SPEAKER. It does not pass the bill,
of course.
Mr. ROBINSON. I have not heard any
resolution put that we shall have twenty min-
utes' speaking on each side.
The SPEAKER. That is now to commence.
Mr. ROBINSON. By what order?
The SPEAKER. Under this order which
the Chair will read.
Mr. ROBINSON. The House simply sus-
pended the rules that the bill might be brought
up.
The SPEAKER. That is not a correct
statement. The resolution adopted by the
House was as follows :
RencJvcd, That the rule? bo suspended, and Sen-
ate bill No. 534 be taken from the Speaker's table for
aetion at this time, and after twenty minutes of
debate on each side tliu vote shall be taken on the
passage (if the Villi without any dilatory motions
whatsoever.
Mr. ROBINSON. The Speaker will excuse
me ; 1 was mistaken.
Mr. SCHENCK. Gentlemen will, observe
that, the charter under which we are doing
business just now is the resolution just passed.
[Laughter.]
Mr.'ROBINSON. It is not the usual way,
and I was mistaken.
Mr. SCHENCK. It allows twenty minutes'
debate to each side. That is not very; much
better than putting the previous question on
the bill, I admit, but it does afford gentlemen
on either side an opportunity through some one
or more of their number to state the reasons
why they will vote for or against the bill. That
is all.
