1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4197
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Milifia.
Mr. WILSON presented three petitions of
officers of the United States Army, praying an
increase of compensation ; which were referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. POMEBOY presented a memorial of
Fisk Mills, in relation to the cancel abolishing
return postage stamp 01* envelope currency;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. MORIlILL, of Vermont, presented a
petition of citizens of New York, praying the
adoption of measures for the better treatment
of the Indians; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, to whom were referred the
followingpetitions, memorials, and resolutions,
asked to be discharged from their further con-
sideration ; which was agreed to:
A petition of presidents and officers of vari-
ous railroads ;
A memorial of the Memphis, El Paso, and
Pacific Railroad Company;
A memorial of the Philadelphia Board of
Trade;
A memorial of the Chamber of Commerce
of St. Paul, Minnesota;
A memorial of the Legislative Assembly of
the Territory of New Mexico, in favor of a
wagon-road;
A memorial of the Legislative Assembly of
the Territory of New Mexico, in favor of a
telegraph line;
A memorial of Israel Hall, Egbert Judson,
and others;
A memorial of the Legislature of Arkansas;
Six joint resolutions of the Legislature of
• Kansas, relating to the Pacific railroad and its
branches;
Resolutions of the Legislature of California;
Resolutions of the constitutional convention
of Georgia;
Resolutions of the Board of Trade of St.
Louis, Missouri;
Resolutions of the Legislature of Minne-
sota ; and
Resolutions of citizens of northern Minne-
sota.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, to whom was referred the
bill (H. II. No. 1206) to restore to certain
parties their rights under the laws and treaties
of the United States, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred the memorial of the St, Louis Board
of Trade, asking the removal of the United
States arsenal at that place, asked to bo dis-
charged from its further consideration ; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1279) in rela-
tion to additional bounties, and for other pur-
poses, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, reported
a bill (S. No. 629) granting a pension to Mrs.
Sallie Griffin; which was read, and passed to a
second i-eading.
Mr. CATTELL, from the Committee on
Finance, to_ whom were referred resolutions
of the constitutional convention of Georgia in
favor of aid to southern planters, and resolu-
tions of the constitutional convention of Mis-
sissippi, relative to the Frecdmen's Bureau,
asked to be discharged from their further con-
sideration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom were referred petitions of
mechanicsof NewYork; apetitionof mechan-
ics and laboring men; and a petition of cit-
izens of Ohio, in favor of the passage of the
eight-hour law, asked to be discharged from
their further consideration; which was agreed
to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No.
343) to admit free of duty certain statuary,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom,
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 103) consti-
tuting eight hours a day's work for all laborers,
workmen, and mechanics employed by or on
behalf of the Go vernment of the United States,
asked to be discharged from its further consid-
eration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the following
bills, reported them without amendment:
A bill (H. R. No. 1392) granting a pension
to Chauneey D. Rose, father of Alvin J. Rose,
late a sergeant-veteran in company A, second
regiment of Ohio cavalry volunteers, who was
killed in action at Five Forks, Virginia, April
1, 1865;
A bill (H. R. No. 1393) granting a pension
to Hugo Eichholtz ;
A bill (H. R, No. 1394) granting a pension
to Daniel Sheets;
A bill (H. R. No. 1395) granting a pension
to Esther C. C. Vangilder, widow of Charles
F. Vangilder, deceased, late a private in com-
pany M, firstregiment Vermontheavy artillery
volunteers;
A bill (II. R. No. 1396) granting a pension
to Stephen T. Carver ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1397) granting a pension
to Prescott Y. Howland ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1398) granting a pension
to Martin Burke;
A bill (H. R. No. 1399) granting increased
pension to William B. Edwards;
A bill (II. R. No. 1400) granting a pension
to Jonathan H. Perry;
A bill (H. R. No. 1401) granting a pension
to John La Marsh ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1402) granting a pension
to Catharine Skinner;
A bill (H. R. No. 1403) granting a pension
to Helen L. Wolf;
A bill (H. R. No. 1401) granting a pension
to William Smith;
A bill (H. R. No. 1405) granting a pension
to Elizabeth Lamar;
A bill (H. R. No. 1406) granting a pension
to Patrick Collins:
A bill (H. R. No. 1407) granting a pension
to John Gridley;
A bill (H. R. No. 1408) granting a pension
to Catherine Gensler;
A bill (H. Ii. No. 1409) granting a pension
to Asa F. Holcomb ;
A bill (II. R. No. 1410) granting back pen-
sion to the minor children of Joseph Berry ;
A bill (11. R. No. 1411) granting a pension
to Polly W. Cotton ;
A bill (II. R. No. 1412) granting a pension
to the children of William 11. Silvey ;
A bill (II. R. No. 1413) granting a pension
to Jane Rook;
A bill (H. R. No. 1414) granting a pension
to Sarah K. Johnson ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1420) directing the Com-
missioner of Pensions to proceed to hear evi-
dence and determine the right of W. H. Cox,
deceased, late a sergeant in company F, sec-
ond regiment Pennsylvania artillery, to a pen-
sion in same manner as if he was still living,
he having died of disease contracted while a
prisoner of war at Andersonville, Georgia,
and if found to be entitled to a pension, then
the same, from time of his discharge till death,
to be paid over to his father, Charles D. Cox.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Nancy A. Stocks,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 630) granting increase of pension to Nancy
A. Stocks. The bill was read and passed to a
second reading, and the report was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 606) granting a
pension to Robert Watson, reported it without
amendment, and submitted a report; which was
ordered to be printed.
COMMANDER"A. K. HUGHES.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 104) for the restoration of Com-
mander Aaron K. Hughes, United States Navy,
to the active list from the retired list; which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. NYE. That is a report of the Com-
mitteeonNaval Affairs, on which all agree, and
I should like its present consideration.
No objection being made, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution. It proposes to authorize
the President to nominate, and by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate to appoint,
Commander Aaron K. Iiughes to the active
list of the Navy, with the rank to which he
may be entitled thereon.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a very import-
ant matter ; it ought to be understood. Is it
reported from the Committee on Naval Affairs?
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir; I have the papers
here.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is it consented to by
the Navy Department and by the Naval Com-
mittee unanimously.
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN, I make no objection.
The joint resolution was reported to tha
Senate, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. TIPTON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
031) granting lands to aid in the construction
of a railroad from Nebraska City, in the State
of Nebraska, to intersectwith the Union Pacific
railroad ; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. II. No. 105) authorizing the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs to appsint
guardians or trustees for minor Indian children
who may be entitled to pensions or bounties
under the existing laws; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to he printed.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 16G) declaring the ratifi-
cation of the fourteenth article of amendment
of the Constitution of the United States; -which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CATTELL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 032) authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to refund penalty, interest, and costs ille-
gally assessed and collected under direct tax
laws ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Finance, and ordered to
be printed.
PRINTING Of TAX BILL.
Mr. CORBETT submitted the following res-
olution ; which was referred to the Committee
on Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed for the rise of tho
Senate fivo thousand copies ot the tax bill recently
passed at the present se&sion, as the same became a
law.
SUITS AGAINST CORPORATIONS.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, the Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded
to consider the bill (S. No. 610) in relation to
corporations created by laws of the United
States, which had been reported by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary with amendments.
The first amendment was in line three, after
the word "corporation" to insert "otherthan
a banking corporation."
The amendment was agreed to.
Tho next amendment was after "therefor,"
in line nine, to insert "verified by oath.'
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the words
"issue joined,'" in line tec, to insert "show-
