1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1125
involves a legal question. They.live by permis-
sion of Congress; they have their lives from
us ; they owe their existence to acts of Con-
gress, and upon all occasions they have done
all they could, out of gratitude, I suppose, to
injure the country. I remember very well that
at the beginning of the war both of these roads,
the Alexandria road and the Baltimore and
Ohio road, refused to carry troops for the Gov-
ernment, and refused to carry provisions, and
they were entirely closed up. All their engines
and cars were sent away and all their employes
were sent off, and the Government was com-
pelled to take possession, of the road. Since
that time the company was, I believe, very
near bankrupt; certainly the stock went very
much below par. One of these companies
made no report of their business during the
whole war. Latterly they made a report, and
it turned out that they had a surplus of
$20,000,000, all made out of the Government.
The remedy, in my mind, is to nfake a new rail-
road. Let Congress charter a road from here
to the city of New York, and then we shall have
no difficulty hereafter about who shall ride,
because they will be glad to carry all the pas-
sengers who offer themselves. I intend shortly
to oifer to the Senate a bill for that purpose.
I have no faith in any of the people who con-
trol these roads.
Besides that, it is the interest of the country
that this city should be opened to the whole
continent. Here is a population of nearly two
hundred thousand ana only one railroad com-
ing into it from the North and one from the
South. We arc compelled to pay large prices,
higher rate3 than upon any other road in the
country; and, as I have told you, when the
country needed them they refused their ser-
vices.
Now, citizens are driven out of the cars.
That would not be done in any other part of the
country except here, and there is no railroad
except one of these that would be guilty of
such an offense. The person driven out, too,
was a woman. I care not what the color was,
whether black or white. I think it is the duty
of Congress to inquire into the matter, not
because this person particularly was a negro,
but because a citizen or a woman was driven
out of the ears and compelled to walk, as I
understand, from somewhere near Alexandria
to this city. I think it the duty of the Senate
or of Congress to inquire into the offense. I
do not believe that the person could get any
remedy from the law, nor do I believe you can
reach these companies in any way except by
the process which I have intimated, and that
is to make a rival road.
Mr. FRBLINGHUYSEN. I hope that this
resolution will be referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia. That certainly is
the proper direction for it to take, because the
offense was committed immediately in the
neighborhood of the capital, and because the
road of this company is partly in the District
of Columbia, and its charter is properly under
the cognizance of that committee.
I desire, however, while I am up, to refer
to an allusion of the Senator from New York,
that an improper matter was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary this morning at
my instance.
Mr. CONKLING. Oh, no ; I beg the Sen-
ator's pardon. What I referred to was the
motion made by my colleague.
Mr. FRBLINGHUYSEN. _ At my request
it went to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. CONKLING. That I did not under-
stand. 1 simply said that my colleague made
the motion on the suggestion of some one else
that it go to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I-simply wish
to say that that was a subject which would be
inappropriate to any other committee, so that
the Senate may not think there was any im-
propriety in asking that reference.
Mr. CBAGJN. I wish to correct perhaps a
wrong impression I gave in some remarks I
made a few moments since. I apprehend that
there are probably two receivers connected
with this road between here and Alexandria.
The one I referred to resides in Washington,
and was appointed by one of the judges of the
court here. The other, for aught I know, may
be liable to all that is said against him in the
communication which the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts read.
Mr. NYE. I wish to call the attention of the
committee to whom this question will be re-
ferred, whether it be the Committee on the
District of Columbia or the Committee on the
Judiciary, to the act chartering this Alexan-
dria, Georgetown, and Washington railroad.
It was chartered in 1863 by Congress, and at
the instance of the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Sumxer] this provision
was inserted in the first section of the act
incorporating that road:
"That no person shall be excluded from the cars on
account of color."
Now, sir, it seems to me that this matter
would most properly be referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia. If there
are so many questions arising in it as are sug-
gested by the honorable Senator from Indiana,
[Mr., Hexduius.s,] with the rush of business
that the Committee on the Judiciary always
have, they would most clearly be unable to
examine it before spring, and it would be
quite along in the summer before they would
come to any conclusion. The Committee on
the District of Columbia have less to do, and
will report, I trust, to this body whether this
company has not by this act forfeited its char-
ter. I believe it has; and I believe it is the
duty of Congress upon so flagrant an outrage
as this to say to this company in plain terms,
"You have forfeited your charter and we shall
repeal it." And if no other gentleman on the
floor does it I shall take occasion to introduce
such a bill and refer it to the appropriate com-
mittee myself.
Mr. WILLEY. Being a member of the
Committee on the District of Columbia I may
bo indulged in making a remark. If the ques-
tion is properly involved in this controversy as
suggested by the Senator from Nevada, that
this company has forfeited its charter, that
certainly is a question of law and properly the
subject of investigation by the Judiciary Com-
mittee, a question of the highest character and
of the nicest character. If the investigation is
to take that course, and we are to look for the
remedy of these outrages in that direction, un-
questionably such a question ought to have the
investigation of the law committee of this body.
But, sir, while I am up I beg in a word or
two to say that there are, in my estimation,
higher principles and higher questions involved
than the forfeiture of the charter of this com-
pany. It is in vain to attempt to evade the fact
that there is a strong prejudice against the col-
ored race in our country, and that that preju-
dice takes active form and results in outrages
upon the rights and privileges and immunities
of that race. This outrage, if it be reported
correctly, and upon investigation shall turn
out to be true as reported, significantly indi-
cates the propriety, in my opinion, of an in-
vestigation whether the laws as they now exist
applicable to the protection of this race are of
a character sufficient to afford the protection to
which they are entitled ; and in that view of the
case it is, in my estimation, a subject which the
Judiciary Committee ought to investigate. In
any view of the question which you can take
it involves principles of law, and therefore I
think the Senate ought to send it to the Judi-
ciary Committee. It certainly involves the
questions to which I have alluded—questions
not proper for investigation by the Committee
on the District of Columbia, but of such im-
portance and so vitally connected with the
interests of this race at large, not only in the
District of Columbia, but all over the whole
country where this prejudice towaid them
exists, as to demand at the hands of the proper
committee of this Senate a close and careful
investigation, to see whether a remedy more
efficient may be provided for their protection
than the law seems at present to afford them.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment' proposed by" the
Sen.ator from Iowa, to strike out the words
"Committee on the District of Columbia"
and insert " Committee on the judiciary" in
the resolution.
The amendment was not agreed to—ayes
nine, noes not counted.
The resolution was adopted.
MESSAGE FIIOM TI1E HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed a bill (II. R. No. 510)
to facilitate the collection of the direct tax in
the State of Delaware, iji which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
enrolled bill SIGNED.
The message further announced that tho
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (H. R. No. 452) for the relief of Captain
C. P. Johnson; and it was thereupon signed
by the President pro tempore of the Senate.
promulgation of the laws.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
237. It will take but two or three minutes.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have given way now for
some time, and, with all my anxiety and wish
to oblige the honorable member from Rhode
Island, I must insist on going on with the reg-
ular order. I had the floor, and the case of
my colleague was before the Senate, and I gave
way for a moment to enable a resolution to be
offered.
Mr. SHERMAN. If that ease is before the
Senate I ask the Senator to give way for an
executive session.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is impossible to do any
business now; it is almost three o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. ANTHONY. I believe I have the floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island had not yielded the
floor. The Chair will state that when the
question in relation to the seat of the Senator-
elect from Maryland was passed over it was
for the bare purpose, as the Chair understood,
of acting upon the resolution that has justbeen
disposed of. So, when that was passed, the
supposition of the Chair was that the other
subject was before the Senate. The Senator
from Rhode Island now moves that the pend-
ing and all other prior orders be postponed for
the purpose of taking up the bill indicated by
him.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the honorable mem-
ber from Rhode Island to tell me what bill
that is.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is a bill entitled "A
bill in relation to the promulgation of the laws
of the United States." It is a bill that ought
to have been passed at the beginning of the
session, and it will take but a few minutes.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no objection to that.
The motion of Mr. AxTHONVwas agreed to;
and the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 237) in
relation to the promulgation of the laws of the
United States. It proposes to make it the
duty of the Secretary of State to furnish the
Congressional Printer with a correct copy of
every act and joint resolution as soon as pos-
sible after its approval by the President of the
|j United States, or after it shall have become a
11 law in accordance with the Constitution with-
jj out such approval. And it repeals so much
i! of section seven of tho act entitled^ An act
11 to expedite and regulate the printing of the
;! public documents, and for other purposes,
|! approved June 25, 1864, as requires the Sec-
retary of the Senate to furnish such copy.
The Congressional Printer, on receipt of
j I this copy provided for, is in every case immedi-
ately to cause an accurate printed copy of the
i'i act or resolution, as it shall have been„fur-
(' nished to him, to be prepared and- sent in
li duplicate to the Secretary of State for revision;
