THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
91
amendment, fco the Constitution. I do not care
to argue this any further.
Mr. EVARTS. If we understand the hon-
orable Managers aright, this evidence is sup-
posed to be relevant and competent only in
reference to the crimes charged in the tenth
and eleventh articles. Is that so? Was that
your proposition, Mr. Butler?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. My proposition is
that it is relevant under those. I have made
no proposition as to the rest 
Mr. EVARTS. You did not name any
others.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I did not think it
necessary.
Mr. EVARTS. Very well; I shall not think
it necessary to consider any others.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Very well; we
are agreed on that.
Mr. EVARTS. Now, if the Chief Justice
and Senators will give their attention to the
tenth article, it will be found that the uutire
charge there is that the President—
*■ Designing and intending to set asido the rightful
authority and powers of Congress, did attempt to
bring into disgrace, ridicule, hatred, contempt, and
reproach the Congress of the United States and tho
several branches thereof, to impair and destioy the
regard and respect of all the good people of the Uni-
ted States for the Congress and legislative power
thereof, {.which all officers of the Government ought
inviolably to preserve and maintain,) and to excite
the odium and resentment of all the good people of
the United States against Congress and the laws by
it duly and constitutionally enacted."
That is the entire purview of the intent.
Now, the only acts charged as done with this
intent are the delivery of a speech at the Exe-
cutive Mansion in August, 1860, and two
speeches, one at St. Louis and the other at
Cleveland, in September, 1806. The article
concludes that by means of these utterances—
"Said Andrew Johnson has brooghtthe high office
of the Presidcntof the United States into containpt.
ridicule, and disgrace, to thegrcatscandal of all good
citizens, whereby said Andrew Johnson, President
of the United States, did commit, and was then and
there guilty of, a high misdemeanorin office."
That is the gravamen of the crime; that he
brought the presidential office into scandal by
these speeches made with this intent. Sena-
tors will judge from the reading of this tele-
gram, dated in January, 18G7, whether that
supports the principal charge or intent ot his
derogating from the credit of Congress or
bringing the presidential office into discredit.
The eleventh article has for its substantive
charge nothing but the making of the speech
of the 18th of August, 1813G, saying thatby that
speech he declared and affirmed—
" In substance, that the Thirty-Ninth Congress of
the United States was not a Congress of the United
States authorized by the Constitution to exercise
legislative power under the same, but, on the con-
trary, was a Congress of only part of the States,
thereby denying, and intending to deny, that the
legislation of said Congress was valid or obligatory
upon him, the said Andrew Johnson, except in so far
as he saw lit to approve the same, and, also, thereby
denying, and intending to deny, the power of the
said Thirty-Ninth Congress to propose amendments
to the Constitution of the United States; and in pur-
suance of said declaration"—
That is, in pursuance of the speech made at
the Executive Mansion on the 18th of August,
1806—
"Thesaid Andrew Johnson, President of the Uni-
ted States, afterward, to wit, on the 21st day of Feb-
ruary. A. D. 1868, at the city of Washington, in the
District of Columbia, did, unlawfully, and in disre-
gard of the requirement of the Constitution that he
should take care that the laws be faithfully executed,
attempt to prevent the execution of an act entitled
' An act regulatinc the tenure of certain civil offices,'
passed March 2,1867"—
Which was after the date of this dispatch—
" 33 v unlawfully devising and contriving, and at-
tempting to devise and contrive, means by which ho
should prevent Edwin M. Stanton from forthwith
resuming the functions ot the office of Secretary for
the Department of War."
The court will consider whether this dis-
patch touches that subject.
"And also by further unlawfully devising and con-
triving, a nd attemptingto devise and contrive, means,
then and there, to prevent the execution of an act
entitled 4An act making appropriations for tho sup-
port of the Army for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1868, and for other purposes,' approved March 2,
1867: and also to prevent tho execution of an act
entitled 'An act to providefor the more efficient gov-
ernment of the rebel States,' passed March 2,1867."
Also, after the date of this dispatch. It is
under one or the other of these two articles
that this dispatch is, in its date and in its sub-
stance, supposed to be relevant. I will read it:
Washington, D. C., January 17,1SG7.
What possible good can be obtained bjtreconsider-
ing the constitutional amendment? I know of none
in the present posture of affairs; and I do not believe
that the people of the whole country will sustain any
set of individuals in attempts to change the wholo
character of our Government by enabling acts or
otherwise. I believe, on the contrary, that they will
eventuallyupbold all who have patriotism and cour-
age to stand by the Constitution, and who place their
confidence in tho people. There should be no falter-
ing on tho part of those who are honest in their
determination to sustain tho several coordinate de-
partments of the Government in accordance with its
original design. ANDREW JOHNSON.
Hon. Lewis E. Parsons, Montgomery, Alabama.
There is nothing hese pertinent in deprecia-
tion of Congress, nothing that tends to the
scandal of the presidential office, nothing that
has relation to the defeat of laws not then
passed, and not possible to be the subject of
crime or misdemeanor on the part of the
President in resisting or opposing; and we find
nothing whatever in these transactions—if in-
troduced undoubtedly leading into a wide field
of inquiry — that touches any crime or any
intent or any purpose mentioned in these
articles.
Mr. Manager BOUTWELL. Mr. President
and Senators, if this evidence is admissible
under either of the articles—and I have no
doubt it is admissible under both the tenth and
eleventh—it is sufficient for our purpose, it
is enough that we show it to be admissible
under one; and therefore I treat the proposi-
tion to introduce this evidence under the elev-
enth article only—from which I think it must
appear to Senators that there can be no doubt
upon this point. If attention be given to the
eleventh article it will be seen that we charge
that the President did—
" On the 18th day of August, A.D. 1866, at the city
of Washington, and in the District ot Columbia, by
public .speech, dociaro and affirm, in substance, that
the Thirty-Ninth Congress of the United States was
not a Congress of the United States authorized by
the Constitution to exercise legislative power under
tho same, but, on tho contrary, was a Congress of
only part of tho States, thereby denying and intend-
ing to deny that the legislation of said Congress was
valid or obligatory upon him, and also thereby deny-
ing and intending to deny the power of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress to piopose amendments to the Con-
stitution of the United States"—
The very subject of these telegraphic dis-
patches—
"And, in pursuance of said declaration, the said
Andrew Johnson, President of the United States,
afterward to wit, on the 21st day of February, A. D.
1868**—
Which we understand to include all these
dates between the time when the declaration
which is the basis of this article, to wit, Au-
gust 18, 1866, up to and including the 21st of
February, 1808, so that all that period is open
to us for the introduction of testimony show-
ing the transactions of the President on this
point—
" On the 21st day of February, A.D. 186$, at the city of
Washington, in the District of Columbia, did, unlaw-
fully, and in disregard of tho requirement of the Con-
stitution that he should take care that the laws be
faithfully executed, attempt to prevent the execu-
tion of an act entitled 'An act, regulating the tenure
of certain civil offices,' passed March 2, 1867, by
unlawfully devising and contriving, and attempting
to devise and contrive, means by which he should
prevent Edwin M. Stanton from forthwith resuming
the functions of the office of Secretary for the De-
partment of War, notwithstanding the refusal of the
Senate to concur in the suspension theretofore made
by said Andrew Johnson of said Edwin M. Stanton
from said office of Secretary for the Department of
War; and, also, by further unlawfully devising and
contriving, and attempting to devise and contrive
means, then and there, to prevent the execution of
an act entitled 'An act making appropriations for
the support of tho Army for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1868, and for (other purposes,' approved
March 2,186< ; and, also, to prevent the execution of
an act entitled 'An act to provide for the moro
efficient government of the rebel States,' passed
March 2, 1867,"
Herein we see the nature and extent of the
influence of the conduct of the President in
sending out this telegram. Here was Mr. Par-
sons, who is known upon public fame to have
been the provisional Governor of the State of
Alabama in the year 1865 and 1800, a man of
influence in that part of the country, who asks
the President's opinion upon the very matter
of the reconstruction of the rebel States. He
says:
^ "Legislature in session. Efforts making to recon-
sider vote on constitutional amendment. Report
from Washington says it is probable an enabling act
will paSs."
Which, undoubtedly, related to those acts
which have come to be called acts for the gov-
ernment of the rebel States, enabling acts;
measures of Congress by and through which
these States were to be restored to the Union.
He asks the opinion of the President as to what
they shall do. He says:
" We do not know what to believe."
Now, what does the President say?
" What possible good can be attained by reconsid-
ering the constitutional amendment?"
Which had been rejected.
" I know of none in the present posture of affairs;
and I do not believe the people of tho whole country
will sustain any set of individuals"—
ITere is the gist of the offense of this par-
ticular telegraphic dispatch, and showing, also,
wherein it applies under the charge contained
in the eleventh article. We set forth in the
eleventh article that in August, 1866, he had
charged that Congress was not a constitutional
body repi*esenting all the States of the Union.
In this dispatch he speaks of Congress, because
he can refer to no other set of men, as a " set
of individuals." He says:
" I do not believe tho people of the wholo country
will sustain any sctof individuals"—
Thus characterizing Congress as a set of indi-
viduals, which is seen in what he says in re-
gard to thern—
"in attempts to changc the whole character of our
Government by enabling acts or otherwise."
And we say that herein we have evidence
of the intent of the President to defeat the will
of Congress in regard to the enforcement of
the reconstruction laws, which is precisely the
offense charged against him in the eleventh
article preferred by the House of Representa-
tives. I am reminded, too, that the original
reconstruction act provides for the adoption
of the constitutional amendment as one of the
conditions-precedent to or coincident with the
right of a State organized under the reconstruc-
tion 1-aws to be admitted to representation in
Congress.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Do the counsel
for the respondent desire to say anything fur-
ther?
Mr. EVARTS and Mr. CURTIS. Nothing
further.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I wish, if the pre-
siding officer will allow me, to call attention to
the fifth section of the act of March 2. 1867,
known as the reconstruction act, which is the
act described in the eleventh article, which
provides:
"And when such constitution shall be ratified by a
majority of tho, persons voting cm the question of
ratification who are qualified as electors for dele-
gates, and when such constitution shall have been
submitted to Congressforexamination and approval,
and Congress shall have approved the same, and when
said State, by a vote of its Legislature elected under
said constitution, shall have adopted the amendment
to the Constitution of the United States proposed by
the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and known as article
fourteen, and when said article shall have become a
part of tho Constitution of tho United States, said
State shall be entitled to representation in Congress,
and Senators and Representatives shall be admitted
therefrom on their taking the oaths prescribed by
law."
So that the adoption of the fourteenth article
is a part of the reconstruction acts.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Do the counsel
for the respondent desire to be heard further ?
Mr. STANBERY. No, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. I offer a question to tfce
Managers.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question of-
fered by the Senator from Michigan will be
read.
The Secretary read as follows :
What amendment of the Constitution is referred to
in Mr. Parsun's dispatch?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I can answer.
There was but one amendment at that time
