1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
does not prevail, then it will turn out that the
bill under the direction of the Senator from
New Jersey is before the Senate, and then cer-
tainly under the argument of the Senator from
Massachusetts, that we should finish what is
before the Senate, the propriety of action will
be with the Senator from New Jersey, and the
Senator from Massachusetts will not certainly
reach his object.
Mr. SUMNER. No; I beg the Senator's
pardon——■
Mr. CAMERON. Will the Senator from
Massachusetts give way to me for a moment. I
ask the indulgence of the Senate to give me
some time to prepare for the consideration of
this bill; and in order to bring the question
faitly, nakedly before the Senate, I move that
the bill of the Senator from New Jersey be
postponed 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There is a mo-
tion already pending to that effect. I have
made that motion.
Mr. CATTELL. And I have said that,
according to my arrangement with the Senator
from Maine, I agreed to the postponement,
and I certainly would accede to the request of
the Senator from Pennsylvania without a
moment's hesitation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understand
that.
Mr. SUMNER. Then do I understand that
the bill of my friend from New Jersey is put
aside ^
Mr.'EDMUNDS. Not yet.
Mr. SUMNER. Can the motion be divided
so as to vote first on postponing the pending
bill without acting on the question of what bill
shall be taken up instead of it ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suppose not.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to have the
decision of the Chair on that question.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The Chair
thinks the motion is divisible.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask, then, for a division,
so that we may have the question taken first
on postponing the bill of the Senator from
New Jersey, and then, after that, I would move
to proceed with the railroad bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I submit that
that cannot be done.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Thepend-
ing motion appears to the Chair to be divisible,
so that the first question will be oil postponing
the bill under consideration, and then the next
question will be on taking up the naval appro-
priation bill, if the Senator from Massachu-
setts asks for a division of the question.
Mr. SUMNER. I do.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
first question is on postponing the bill under
consideration until to-morrow.
The proposition was agreed to.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 480) in relation to the pay
of grand and petit jurors in the District of
Columbia; and
A bill (H. R. No. 506) to incorporate the
Grueth-Verein of Washington, District of
Columbia.
enrolled bill signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
enrolled bill (S. No. 108) for the relief of Henry
Greathouse and Samuel Kelley; and it was
thereupon signed by the President pro tem-
pore.
*~f SUPREME COURT JURISDICTION—VETO.
I The message further announced that the
; House of Representatives having proceeded, in
conformity with the Constitution, to reconsider
the bill (S. No. 213) entitled, "An act to
amend an act to amend thejudiciary act, passed
24th of September, 1780," returned by the
President of the United States to the Senate
with his objections, and sent by the Senate to
the House of Representatives with the message
of the President returning the said bill, has—
Remlved, That the bill do pass, two thirds of the
House of Representatives agreeing to pass the same.
Mr. WILLIAMS submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be di-
rected to present to the Secretary of State the bill
entitled "An act to amend an act entitled 'An act to
amend the judiciary act passed the 24th of Septem-
ber, 1789,'." together with the certificates of the Sec-
retary of the Senate and Clerk of the House of Rep-
resentatives, showing that the said act was passed by
avote of two thirds of bothllousee of Congress, after
the same had been returned to the Senate by the
President with his objections and after the recon-
sideration of said act by both Houses of Congress, in
accordance with the Constitution. -■ \
naval appropriation bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Maine, to take up the naval appropriation bill
for consideration.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that will not pre-
vail, and that we shall proceed with the rail-
road bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am a little interested
in this railroad bill, as when it left off on the
occasion next preceding the one on which my
friend from Iowa was addressing the Senate I
had the floor myself, endeavoring to obtain in-
formation from the chairman of the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad; and I am in the
middle of a speech, so to speak, although my
speech has been overridden by the speech of
the Senator from Iowa; but I certainly do not
feel that I have a right, as representing a small
portion of the people of this'country, to let a
local bill of this kind stand in the way of an
appropriation bill, a finance bill that the proper
appropriation or Finance Committee bring be-
fore this body. The usage, which has become
a law with us almost, has always been, since I
have had the honor to be here, to give way to
these measures of finance. It has been con-
sidered that they were entitled, not by any
writtenrule, butbythegeneralconsentofevery-
body, to take precedence, not only over matters
of general legislation other than appropria-
tions, but also over local bills. And yet my
friend from Massachusetts seems to have a
special regard for this railway that is three or
four thousand miles away from him. If I did
not know him so well I should almost believe
that he had a special interest in it as well as a
regard in the way, of course, of representing
some peculiar client—I should rather say con-
stituent—who was desirous to take two mil-
lion dollars and a little upward of the people's
money, for a good use, of eoursc, to build a
railway with.
But of course I do not suppose that; if I did
not know him so well I should; but I know
that no other consideration than that of the
highest public welfare can possibly have any
influence in his conduct. Therefore I believe
it to be entirely a question of public welfare
with him; and that is what leads me to feel
surprised thai, being animated only by such a
sentiment of public welfare, he should oppose
this local measure that may as well be passed,
if it-is to be passed, next week as this week, or
n,ext month as this month, against the Commit-
tee on Appropriations bringing forward their
regular annual supply bill to provide for main-
taining and carrying on the processes of the
Navy.
I say it is against our traditions; and my
honorable friend knows that as well as I and
perhaps much better than I. And I am aston-
ished that gentlemen should so persistently
insist upon pressing local measures, however
important they may be to the persons inter-
ested in them, however important they may be
to the particular locality that is to be benefited
by them, against measures of general concern
providing for the general legislation and the
general welfare of the country.
It is true, sir, that your Calendar is full of
bills that are quite necessai'v to he passed, bills
of general import, necessary, in some instances,
to the preservation of the public money, in
others to the regulation of suits against the
United States. I have in mind a bill reported
from a committee of which I happen to lie
ah humble member, that it is of great import-
ance should be passed immediately, regulating
appeals from the Court of Claims, regulatfn^
the law of evidence there in the cotton cases
where millions are at stake ; and yet I do not
feel at liberty to press a bill of that kind against
the measure which the Finance Committee, or
the Committee on Appropriations, which is
only a branch of it, choose to bring forward.
. I certainly hope, therefore, that the friends
of this Central Branch Pacific railway bill will
be willing to givfe way to those usual consider-
ationsof courtesy and progress of business—
I speak it in all sincerity—that have obtained
here, and let those matters of general legisla-
tion be passed through, and then we will con-
sider fairly their measure.
Mr. HARLAN. I think it is, perhaps, due
to the chairman of the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad that after the remarks submitted by
the Senator who has just taken his seat I should
state that I think the chairman is prompted
perhaps somewhat on my account to urge the
Senate to consider the railroad bill now. The
gentlemen #ho have invested their money in
the construction of the road which it affects
have said to him and to me that they thought,
from my former connection with the committee,
when the law of 18G4 was framed, and with the
Interior Department for a short time while the
law was being administered, I was personally
conversant with facts which ought to be stated
in the Senate with a view of arriving at a just
conclusion on that subject; and I stated to the
chairman of the committee that I probably
should be compelled to leave the city to-night
on account of the extreme illness of my father,
I regret to say. For these reasons he desires
to have the bill considered to-day. Personally
I have no wish that the Senate should depart
from any purpose they may have to dispose
of other business. If it be the will of the Sen-
ate to take up that bill now I shall be ready
to conclude the few remarks I began to sub-
mit a day or two since; but 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to suggest to
the Senator from Iowa that I understand it has
been proposed, if it will be satisfactory, to
take up that bill and allow him to conclude his
remarks, and then to go on with the bill com-
ing from the Committee on Appropriations;
but I understand the chairman of the Commit-
tee on the Pacific Railroad, who has tBat bill
in charge, to insist not only that the Senator
from Iowa shall conclude his remarks, but
that the bill shall then bo gone on with to the
exclusion of all other busiuess.
Mr. HARLAN. I know not what the wish
of the chairman of the committee may be on
that subject. I can only say for myself that I
do not think that any lemarks which I intended
to make, or which I may submit, are of suffi-
cient consequence to ask the Senate for a spe-
cial hour in which to deliver them. If it is
not the purpose of the Senate to take up the
bill with a view of disposing of it I cannot
make a request to be heard at this time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I intended to
say, and I think I did say, that I was very de-
sirous of hearing the Senator's remarks on that
subject; and I will now propose to the chair-
man of the Committee on the Pacific Railroad,
if it is agreeable, that the railroad bill be now
taken up in order to give the Senator from
Iowa an opportunity to address the Senate, with
the understanding that at the conclusion of his
remarks it shall be laid aside and that we shall
proceed with the bill which I have proposed to
take up for consideration—the naval appropri-
ation bill.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me that all must
agree that under the circumstances our friend
from Iowa ought to be allowed to proceed, and
after that it will be in the power of the Senate
to determine whether to proceed with this mat-
ter to the end of to-day or to take up gome
other.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. To accommo-
