4198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July ia
itig a defense arising under or by virtue of
the Constitution of the United States, or any
treaty or law of the United States."
Mr. TRUMBULL, i move to amend that
amendment of the committee by striking out
the word "showing" and inserting in lieu of
it " stating that the party has."
The amendment to the amendment was
adopted.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, reads thus:
Be it enacted, &e.. That any corporation, other than
a banking coiporation, organized under a law ot' the
United States, and against which a suit at law or in
equity has been or may be commenced in any court
other than a circuit or district court of the United
States, may have such suit removed fiom the court
in which it may be pending to t lie proper circuit or
district court of the United States, upon tiling a peti-
tion therefor, verified by oath, either before or after
issue joined, stating that tho party has a defense
arising under or by virtue of the Constitution of tho
United States, or any treaty or law of the United
States, and offering good and sufficient suieiyfor
entering in such court on the firsl day of its session,
copies of all process, pleadings, depositions, testi-
mony, and other proceedings in said suit, and doing
such other appropnate acts as are required to be done
by the act entitled " Anactlortlie removal of causes
in certain cases from State oouris," approved July
27,1866, and it shall be theieupou tho duty of the
court to accept tho surety and proceed no farther ill
the suit; and the said copies being entered as afore-
said in such court ot the United States, tho suit shall
then procecd in the samo manner as if it had been
brought there by original process, and all tho pro-
visions of said act in thia section referred to, re-
specting any bail, attachment, injunction, or othe^-
restraining process, and respecting any bond ot
indemnity or other obligation, given upon the issu-
ing or granting of any attachment, injunction, or
other restraining process, shall apply with like force
and effect in all lcsjpects to similar matters, process,
or things in the suito for the removal ot which this
act piovides.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in.
The bill was ordered to bo engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I merely wish to say that
while I do not oppose the passage of this bill I
think the law ought to regulate all such ques-
tions in one act. As I was not present when
this bill was considered in the committee, 1
think it right to say that 1 do not wish to be
considered as either approving or disapproving
of the special object which this bill is supposed
to have in view.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, I desire to in-
quire of the chairman of the committee if this
bill makes any further provision for the trans-
fer of cases than is authorized or appears on
the face of the Constitution? The jurisdiction
of the United States courts seems to be con-
fined there. I do not. know the purport of the
amendment the committee have offered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly not. We do
not suppose that Congress has any authority to
confer any other jurisdiction than such a3 ia
warranted by the Constitution; but the under-
standing of the committee was that corpora-
tions created by act of Congress had a right
to be heard in the United States courts in
cases arising under the laws of the United
States, where it is shown that a defense arises
under the laws of the United States.
Mr. COLE. Does this preclude parties from
litigating with such companies in any of the
State or territorial courts?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not at all. It merely
provides for a transfer on the fact being alleged,
verified by the oath of the party, showing the
fact on the part of a corporation created by
the laws of the United States, that it has a de-
fense arising under or by virtue of the Consti-
tution of the United States or some treaty or
law of the United States.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to put a question
to the honorable chairman of the Committee
on the Judiciary. Does this bill, which I have
not had time to read, apply to the branches of
the Union Pacific railroad as well as to tho
main corporation known as the Union Pacific
railroad? There are the Kansas branch, the
Sioux City branch, and various other branches,
and branches in California. Does it apply to
all those branches?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That would be a matter
of construction dependent oil a matter of fact
as to whether they are incorporated by the
United States. The bill is general in its terms
and applies to any corporation other than a
banking corporation organized under a law of
the United States. I do not understand that
those branches are organized under a law of
the United States, but if they are they would
come within the purview of the bill.
Mr. HOWARD. They do not exist by virtue
of charters granted by the United States, but
their charters are either territorial or State
charters, and they receive subsidies in lands or
money from the United States, and there ia a
vast body of legislation applicable to them.
Now, I submit to the honorable Senator
whether it is best to apply this statute to the
branches as well as to the main trunk. I
would not leave that doubtful, it seems to me.
Mr. COLE. Almost all tho litigation that
can arise in reference to matters pertaining to
the Pacific railroad must arise out of a law
passed by Congress ; and if all such cases may
be transferred to the United States courts it
amounts, in my judgment, to denying a rem-
edy to parties living in the Territories. If any
person having a cause of action against a rail-
road company in the Territories of the United
States is obliged to be transferred for his liti-
gation to the United States courts he certainly
will lind it very difficult to prosecute his rights,
or to get his remedy. I do not know what the
particular reason tor the passage of this bill is;
but if it amounts to this, that persons are to
be denied their right to litigate in the territo-
rial courts or the State courts it seems to me to
be going altogether too far ; it virtually denies
the light to bring suits against railroad cor-
porations when they are incorporated by the
United States, because all their suits spring
out of the law of Congress, or may be alleged
to spring from causes existing in the law of
Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should be as averse
as the Senator from California to increasing
the jurisdiction of the United States courts
unnecessarily. I think it bad legislation to be
crowding those courts with business that can
be as well done in the State tribunals ; and as
an individual member of the Judiciary Com-
mittee I have always resisted all legislation
of this kind, unless there seemed to be a neces-
sity to answer the ends of justice that parties
should have an opportunity to take cases to
t'he courts of the United States. Of the con-
stitutionality of a law that authorizes a trans-
fer of a cause from a State to a United States
court, where a right is claimed under the Con-
stitution of the United States, or some treaty
or law of Congress, there can, I think, be no
doubt. But this jurisdiction is not exclusive ;
the State courts may still entertain jurisdiction
of cases by and against corporations organized
under the laws of the United States, notwith-
standing the passage of this bill; but a corpo-
ration thus organized would have the right, on
showing by affidavit that.it had a defense based
upon a law or treaty of the United States or the
Constitution, to remove the cause into the Uni-
ted States courts.
It has no reference in terms to the Pacific
railroad or any other railroad, but I suppose
it had its origin, perhaps, in suits that are being
instituted against the Pacific Railroad Com-
pany in the city of New York or elsewhere,
by way of injunction, restraining their opera-
tions. This has become a great evil in the
country. The directors of our great lines of
railroad, like the Erie road, like the road
stretching from Chicago by way of llocklsland
to Omaha, and other large roads, are being
frequently enjoined by some inferior judge in
the city of New York against going on with
these great works ; and though this bill does
not reach to the cases of corporations created
by the States, we did suppose that it was com-
petent for the United States to protect its own
corporations organized under its authority from
injunctions granted by some recorder or in-
ferior judge in the city of New York, by au-
thorizing the company to take such causes
into the United States conrts for adjudication.
That is the extent of this bill, and it goes so-
far and no farther, to protect corporations or-
ganized by authority of Congress, by allowing
them to appeal to the courts organized under
authority of Cengress for redress.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President,- after all I da
not see that the remedy that the honorable
chairman of the committee speaks of will be
effected by the passage of this billr because
in case an injunction is sought in the city of
New York in a State court it will only amount
to a privilege of transferring it to a United
States court.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is alt
Mr. COLE. Wherein, then, is the company
better off in the United States courts than in
the State courts? Let rue suppose there is_ a
cause of action arising in Utah against a rail-
road company for some cause, no matter what,
it is within the power of that company to trans-
fer that case a thousand miles—any distance if
you please—away from where the cause of action
arose, and the party can only reach it over the
railroad of the company itself. _ It gives them
very great advantages in litigation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The case can' only be
taken to the proper district. It can only be
removed to the United States court for the
proper district where it arises and in the Ter-
ritories no such question will arise, because
the Territories have no United States circuit
and district courts ; the territorial courts are
United States conrts themselves. This bill
does not authorize the removal of a cause from
the Territory of Utah to the United States
court in the State of New York. Every ease
in the Territory of Utah is tried in a United
States court there, and you may go by appeal
directly from the territorial courts to the Su-
preme Court of the United States. The trouble
does not arise there; it arises from actions
brought in the States.
Mr. COLE. In my judgment this is virtually
deny i ng to any person having a cause of action
against tt railroad company chartered by the
United States his remedy m any State court,
and it seems to me that it will be an outrage
upon any person that has a cause of action
against one of these rarlroud companies. I
wish the bill would be allowed to go-over until
it can have further consideration. It has been
on our tables for a day or two ; and I do not
think it ought to pass thus hastily. It is a
matter of great deal more importance, in my
judgment, than appears on its face or than is
illustrated by the example stated by the hon-
orablechairmati of the committee. It is broader
in its operations, I believe, than appears from
what has been stated.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is nothing covert
in the bill, so far as I am advised.
Mr. COLE. They have a right now in cer-
tain cases to transfer their causes to the United
States courts under existing statutes, and they
are sufficiently protected, in my opinion, by laws
already in existence. This bill gives them
much more than they are entitled to now. They
have a right now to go into the United States
courts in certain eases; this is a proposition
to extend that right beyond what is now pro-
vided by law.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think the importance
of this bill will depend to some extent upon
one question: how far we have created corpora-
tions within the District of Columbia which
corporations may exercise their powers in the
States with the consent of the States. If all
these corporations, insurance companies, and
manufacturing companies, and mining com-
panies, can go out into the States and exercise
their powers there, with the assent of the States,
then I suppose that whole class of coq>orations
will fall under the operation of this bill.
I cannot fail to be impressed with the sug1-
gestion of the Senator from California, that in
regard to these railroad companies it is giving
to them a very dangerous right when they
