3174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
opportunity to discuss it before the country.
We shall show that those whose votes were
thrown out were soldiers who resided here one
year, and had been legally registered according
to the law as it existed at the time. I should
like to ask how it was known that their votes
wer<  cast for the conservative candidates ? I
should like to know upbn what law or cor-
rect principle these men undertake to decide
that the votes thus cast were on one side or
the other? What official evidence had they ?
What testimony did they take? What judicial
tribunal of any kind was the case ever before?
Mr. MA YNARD. • As the gentleman asks
for information 
Mr. BOYER. I cannot yield. The reply
would be, I suppose, that the commissioners
of election undertook to mark the ballots
which were voted by these soldiers, so their
ballots could afterward be recognized in the
count. I should.like to know upon what cor-
rect principle that is to be allowed in any
community where it is provided bylaw that the
election shall be by ballot? The sanctity of
the election by ballot depends on its privacy.
No election officer or any other man in the
community has the right to look inside of a
citizen's ballot to find out how he voted. He
has no more right to do that than to put his
hand into the pocket of the voter and take
from it his pocket-book. Doubtless, when the
next municipal election in Washington takes
place, this Congress, if the majority in it should
remain as it is, will invent some new dodges
for the emergency, and set aside the law which
they arc now making with as little scruple as
they dispose of that which they enacted a few
months ago, if by so doing they can help their
own friends into office.
I have been informed that the votes of over a
hundred soldiers were thrown out of the ballot-
box to accomplish the object in this case. All
these have, without any judicial investigation,
% been deducted from the votes polled for the
Conservative candidates. Has it come to this
that the presumption is that the enlisted sol-
dier when he goes to the polls votes thfe Dem-
ocratic ticket? If that be so on that issue I
should rejoice to go before the country. Let
the dusky sons of Africa vote the Republican
ticket, if we have the white soldiers of the
country to vote ours, we shall be content
with this exchange, and we do not mean to be
always defrauded.
I am sorry I must discuss this measure in
this desultory way. If 1 had time I should pre-
fer to review with more deliberation the law as
it stands, and expose more at length the injus-
tice, the fraud, and the outrage of this bill
upon the rights of the voters of this city. As
it is we have little else to do upon this occa-
sion than to enter our protest against this in-
iquitous measure, and put ourselves upon record
against it by our votes.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
passage of the bill.
Mr. NIBLACK demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 94, nays 25, not voting
70; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison,Anderson, Bailey, Baldwin,
Beaman.Beatty,Benjamin, Benton. Bingham, Blaine,
Blair, Boutwell, Buckland, Butler, Cake, Churchill,
Header ~W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb. Coburn,
Cook, Covode, Cullom, Dawes, Delano, Dixon, Dodge,
Donnellv, Driggs, Eekley, Eggleston. Ela. Eliot,
Farnsnorth, Ferriss, Fields, Garfield, Gravely, Hal-
sey. Hardin?, Higby, Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D.
Hubbard, llulburd, Jenckes, Judd, Julian, Kelsey,
Koontz, Laflin, Loan, Logan, Lynch. Mallory. Mar-
vin Mavnard, McCarthy, Mc.Clurg, Mercur, Miller,
Moore. "Morrell, Mullins, O'Neill. Paine, Peters,
Pike Pile Plants, Polsley. Pomeroy, Prico, Sawyer,
Scheijek, Scoficld, Shanks, Shellabarger, Scalding,
Aaron F. Stevens, Stokes, Taffe, laylor, Ihomas,
Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson, Van Aernam, Robert
T Van lforn, Ward, Ehhu B. Washburne, Henry
D* Washburn, Welker. William Williams, and John
X.' wil«on-94. , , . , „ „ ~o i
HAYS —Messrs. Adams, Axtell. Barnes. Beck,
•Rover Burr, Eldridste. Glossbrenner, Gollad.iv, Gro-
ver Holiaan. Hotchkiss. Humphrey. Knott, McCor-
mie'k, Niblack. Pruyn, Randall Robinson, Stewart,
Stone, Tuber. Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Trump, and
NONVOTING - Messrs. Ames, Archer, Arnell,
Belos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Banks,
Barnum, BromwelI, Brooks, Broomall, Cary. Chan-
ler, Cornell, Ferry, Finney, Fox, Getz. Griswold,
Haight,Hawkins,Hill, Asabel W.Hubbard, Richard
D. Hubbard, Hunter, Ingersoll. Johnson. Jones,
Kelley. Kerr, Keteham, Kitchen, George V. Law-
rence, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Lougbridffe, Mar-
shall, McCuliough. Moorhead. Morrissey, Mungen,
Myers, Newcomb. Nicholson, Nunn. Orth. Perham,
Phelps, Poland, Raum, liobertson. Itoss, Selye. Sit-
greavop, Smith, Starkweather, Tliaddeus Stevens,
John Trimble, Van Auken, Burt Van Horn. Van
Wyck, Cadwalader C. Washburn. William B. Wash-
barn, Thomas Williams, James F.Wilson, Stephen
F. Wilson, Windoin, Wood, and Woodbridge—70.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. RAUM stated that he was paired with
his colleague, [Mr. Marshall.]
The result having been announced as above
recorded.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays on the motion.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw it.
PAYMENT 01? BOUNTIES.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution ; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of Warbe directed to
communicate to this House a statement of the num-
ber of additional bounties raid under the act of July
28,1S86. by the paymaster general during each month
since January 1,1868, to claimants from the respective
States and Territories.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXTRA PAY OF GOVERNMENT EMPLOYES.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a privileged
motion. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the House passed the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 291) giving additional pay to cer-
tain employes in the civil service of the Gov-
ernment at Washington.
REMOVAL OF TIIE CAPITAL.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of introducing the following
preamble and resolution:
Wherasit is obvious that a disloyal element exists
in the city of AVashington, which is adverse to the
authority of the Congress of the United States, and
that a large, portion of the citizens thereof have
determined to set the laws of Congress at defiance,
and to shield anil defend conspirators and assassins,
to menace and insult the representatives of the peo-
ple assembled to make laws lor the government of
the nation ; and whereas a great portion of the citi-
zens of said city are at the present time, in direct
violation of law and in defiance of the authority of
Congress, attempting by revolutionary measures to
overthrowthc legally constitutedauthorities thereof
by preventing said authorities from the due exercise
of their legal functions, which proceedings are cal-
culated and intended to produceiiots and bloodshed,
and render the city undesirable as a residence, and
an unsafe and unlit place for Congress to assemble;
and whereas it is of the highest importance that the
capital of the nation and the archives of the Gov-
ernment. should bo in a place wholly secure from
foreign invasion; and whereas it is of the greatest
consequence that the seat of Government should be
easily accessible by many lines of railway, and should
be located in a populous region and a rich and highly
cultivated country, and where obstructions to access
and free communications are not interposed by the
hostile legislation of neighboring States :
Re it resolved. That a committee of five members
be appointed by the Speaker to inriuire into the pro- !
pricty and expediency of removing tho seat of the i
GeneralGovernmentfrom said city of Washington to
apointnearthe geographicalcenterof the Republic, '
and that said committee bo authorized at any time 1
to report by bill or otherwise. !
Mr. BOYER. I object to the introduction; !
it is a gross slander on this community. !
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is not the question !
debatable ? ■
The SPEAKER. It is not. !
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I was about to say I
thought it was a foul slander on the people of
this District.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. BOYER. It is utterly without founda-
tion in truth.
Mr. LOGAN. I call the gentleman io order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ROBINSON. It is not understood that
the adoption of the motion will carry the res-
olution also.
The SPEAKER. It does not. It is a mo-
tion to allow the resolution to be offered at the
present time.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will it be in order if the
motion prevails to discuss it?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Logas] will then be entitled to the
floor subject to the hour rule.
Mr. BOYER. Is it in order ta move to lav
it on the fable?
'The SPEAKER. It is not.
The question was taken on suspending the
rules; and there were—yeas 43, nays 67, not
voting 79 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, James M. Ashley.Beatty.
Benjamin, Butler. Cake, Reader W. Clarke. Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Coburn. Covode, Cullom, Donnelly,
Ela, Ferriss. Ferry. Gravely. Harding, Higby, Hop-
kins. Judd, Julian, Kelsey, Loan, Logan. McClurg,
Mercur. Moore, Morrell. Mullins, Paine, Pile, Price,
Sawyer, Shank*. Taffe, Upson. Robert T. Van Horn!
Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn. Thomas
Williams, William Williams,and John T. Wilson—43.
NAYS— Messrs. Adams Bailey, Baker, Banks,
Barnes. Beaman, Bock. Bingham, Boutwell, Boyer,
Burr, Cary, Churchill, Dawes, Delano, Driggs, Eld-
ridge, Eliot. Farnsworth, E'ields, Gurlield, Golladay,
Griswold. Grover, Hawkins, llolman, Hutcbkiss,
Chester D.IIubbard. llulburd. Humphrey, Ingersoll,
Jenckes, Knott, Koontz, Laflin, Mallory, Marvin,
Maynnrd, McCarthy, McCormiclt. Miller. Myers!
Niblack, O'Neill, Peters, Pike, Polsley, Pomeroy,
Pruyn, Randall, Robinson, Schenck, Spalding!
Starkweather,Stewart,Stokes. Stone. Taber, Taylor,
Thomas, LawrenceS. Trimble, Trowbridge, Twichell.
Van Aernam, Van Trump, Ward, and Woodward—67!
.NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Archer,
Arnell, Delos R. Ashley, Axtell, Baldwin, Barnum,
Benton. Blaine, Blair. Bromwell. Brooks, Broomall,
Buckland, Chanler. Cook, Cornell, Dixon. Dodge,
Eckley, Eggleston, Finney, Fox, Getz, Glossbrenner!
Haight, Halscy, Hill, Hooper, Asnhel W. Hubbard,
Richard D. Hubbard. Hunter. Johnson. Jones, Kel-
ley, Kerr, Keteham, Kitchen, George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrence, Lincoln, Loughndge, Lynch,
Marshall. MeCullougb, Moorhead, Morrissey, Mun-
gen, Newcomb, Nicholson. Nunn. Orth, Perham,
Phelps, Plants, Poland, Raum, Robertson, Ross, "
Seofield. Selye, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Smith,
Aaron F.Stevens. Thaddeus Stevens, John Trimble,
Van Anken.Burt Van Horn. Van Wyck, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, WilliarnB. Washburn, Welker, James
F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, Wood, and
Woodbridge—79.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
Mr. BUTLER obtained the floor.
TAX ON MINERAL Oik.
Mr. SCOPIELD. With the permission of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, I ask unan-
imous consent to offer the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be authorized to include in such new tax bill as they
may report the subject of mineral oil.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Will thegentlcman allow
me to move a suspension of the rule?
Mr. BUTLER. I will, but not to have
the yeas and nays called on it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to suspend the
rules to enable me to offer the resolution.
The question was taken ; and two-thirds not
voting in favor thereof, the rules were not sus-
pended.
INDIAN COMMISSION APPROPRIATION.
Mr. BUTLER. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union be discharged
from the further consideration of the bill (H.
R. No. 1218) appropriating money to sustain
the Indian commission, and to carry out trea-
ties made thereby, and the same be considered
in the House now.
The question was taken ; and two thirds
voting in favor thereof, the rules were sus-
pended and the bill was brought before the
House for action, the question being on order-
ing it to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. BUTLER. I only desire to state to the
House that this appropriation bill is for the
purpose of enabling the Indian commission
under General Sherman to carry out the en-
gagements they are now making with Indians
