1120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
and on return of one of the revised duplicates
the Congressional Printer is at once to have
the marked corrections made, should there be
any, and cause to be printed and sent to the
Department of State fifty copies, and also
Cause to be printed separately the usual num-
ber for the use of the two Houses of Congress;
but on request of the Secretary of Slate the
Congressional Printer is to furnish to the De-
partment of State any additional number of
copies of an act or resolution not exceeding
five hundred copies.
It is to be the duty of the Secretary of State
to transmit to the Congressional Printer, at the
beginning of each session of Congress, and
thereafter when necessary, a list of all news-
papers authorized bylaw to publish the laws
of the United States, with their respective post
offices, so far as the same shall have been com-
municated to him by the Clerk of the House of
Representatives and it is to be the duty of the
Congressional Printer, on the printing of each
act or resolution, excepting those which are of a
private character, and which shall be so desig-
nated by the Secretary of State, to transmit a
copy thereof to each of the editors of such
newspapers for prompt publication ; and the
number of copies of the public acts and reso-
lutions requisite for this purpose is required to
be printed.
All the provisions of the bill which apply to
public acts and resolutions are in like manner
to apply to treaties between the Government
of the United States and foreign Governments,
after they shall have been duly ratified and
proclaimed by the President of the United
States ; and also to postal conventions made
between the Postmaster General, by and with
the advice and consent of the President, on the
part of the United States and equivalent offi-
cers of foreign Governments on the part of
their respective countries, under the authority
of the second section of the act entitled "An
act to reduce and modify the rates of postage
in the United States, and for other purposes,"
approved March 3, 1851; but it is to be the
duty of the Postmaster General to transmit a
copy of each of the conventions to the Secre-
tary of State for this purpose, and the printed
copy of the conventions is to be revised by the
Post Office Department.
All laws and parts of laws requiring the Sec-
retary of State to send the laws first directly
to newspapers for publication, as "well as all
laws and parts of laws in conflict with the pro-
visions of the act, are repealed.
The Committee on Printing reported the bill
with an amendment, to insert at the end of the
third section the following:
And all letters and documents to and from the
Congressional Printer, relating to the duties and
business of his office, shall be transmitted by mail
free of postage.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in.
Mr. GRIMES. I will inquire of the Sena-
tor from Rhode Island what this bill is? Let i
us have a little explanation of it.
Mr. ANTHONY, At the last session of
Congress an act was passed that took from the
State Department the appointment of the news-
papers that publish the laws, and conferred
that patronage upon the Clerk of the House
of Representatives, and this bill is made neces-
sary by that change. The old law required the
Secretary of State to send to the newspapers
all copies of acts and resolutions of Congress
to be printed. This authorizes the Congres-
sional Printer to do it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Newspapers selected by
the Clerk of the House?
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, sir; such as are
selected by the Clerk of the House. They
are to be sent directly from the Congressional
Printer. That is all there is in this bill except
that it confers on the Congressional Printer the
right to send these slips and all matter relating
to the business of his office free of postage.
Mr. RAMSEY. Must they not be franked?
Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly.
Mr. RAMSEY. The bill does not so state.
Mr. ANTHONY. The language employed
here is the same employed in regard to postage
on communications sent by other heads of
bureaus. If it is not correct, let it be altered.
Mr. RAMSliY. Mjr impression is that in
other legislation of this character the words
'' under such regulations as shall be established
by the Postmaster General" have been in-
serted.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well; then I move
to amend the bill by adding those words after
the word "postage," in line eighteen of sec-
tion three.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. There is an order of the
Senate which requires that all acts and resolu-
tions which are passed, so soon as they become
laws, shall bo printed and a copy furnished to
each member of each House. This bill pro-
vides that the laws for this publication shall be
furnished from the rolls by the Secretary of
State instead of being furnished, as they have
been, by the officers of the two Houses, in
doing which errors sometimes necessarily
occur. I believe there is nothing objectionable
in the bill.
Mr. BUCKALEW. So far as I can under-
stand, this bill is entirely proper—simply to
facilitate the transaction of public business ;
and I was in hopes that the Committee 011
Printing would look into the general question
of the printing of the public laws and report
to us some measure by which the cost of pub-
lication should be reduced. We have a com-
munication from the Secretary of State at the
present session, which has been printed, from
which it appears that the cost of publishing
the laws has increased enormously. I think
that under the present law the rates of charge
are perhaps at a much higher figure than they
should be. At all events, if I remember aright,
the cost of this public printing has within a few
years more than doubled ; I mean the particu-
lar printing referred to in this supplemental
bill. I do not know what investigation the
Committee on Printing may have given to this
subject, whether they have examined that re-
port from the Department of State or not,
whether they have examined the question of
the present rates allowed under our former
law, our law of the last session. Certainly it
seems that there is a vast accumulation of ex-
pense; and I think in these days of reform, or
of talked-of reform, the Committee on Print-
ing ought to examine this question of expense
and enable us to reduce to some extent the j
present very large and, I think, unnecessary
outlay of the public money. I know that since
the close of the war, naturally enough, there j
has been some increase in the cost of publish-
ing the laws, because they are to be distrib- !
uted in the southern country; but that ought '
not to increase the whole cost over one third, !
and yet the increase is vastly more than that. I
I hope the chairman of the committee will '
enlighten us on this point. j
Mr. ANTHONY. The subjcct to which the 1
Senator from Pennsylvania calls attention has i
not been referred to the Committee on Print- j
ing. The Senate did deliberately, on full dis- j
cussion, and not at the recommendation of the j
Committee on_Printing by any means, increase !
the compensation paid to the publishers of the |
public laws. It is very low, however, still, j
and the increase was nothing in comparison 1
with the increase in the cost of printing, the ■
original rates having been fixed, I think, at a j
very early period of the Government ; I do :
not know but in the beginning. It is paid for I
by the page, and the size of the page has
increased considerably since the rate was fixed. '
This increase was made by the Senate and (he
House of Representatives after considerable '
debate. There was also a provision made :
which I opposed, but I was voted down, in- :
creasing the number of papers in certain i
States—I do not know how many—hut two or
three States. I saw no reason for it, but the
Senate did, and acted, doubtless, with wisdom !
in the mattef. We shall be very happy to
examine that subject to which the Senator
from Pennsylvania calls our attention if it bo
referred to usbut it would not be proper to
provide for it in this bill. This bill is perfect
in itself, and applies merely to the promulga-
tion of the laws, and other matter should not
be put in this bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. For the information of the
Senator from Pennsylvania I will state that a
member of the other branch connected with the
Printing Committee I see has stated to the
House of Representatives that the expense
of the congressional printing of 1806 was sev-
eral hundred thousand dollars less than the
congressional printing of 1859-60; and so, com-
paring 1865 with 1858-59, it was considerably-
less. So far, then, from the printing increasing
in expense it is really diminishing.
Mr. BUCKALEW. That was a statement
made by a member of the House of Represent-
atives in regard to the cost of printing generally,
and he insisted that the establishment of the
Government printing bureau had been produc-
tive of economy. I am not speaking upon that
at all. I am speaking simply on this question
of the publication of the laws, particularly
their publication in the newspapers. The Sen-
ator's explanation, therefore, relates to quite
another subject.
I will repeat that in what I have said on this
subject I do not intend to oppose the present
measure, which is, as far as I can understand
it, proper enough in itself. If the communi-
cation from" the Department of State on the
question of printing the public laws has not
been referred to the Committee on Printing I
think it ought to be referred, and I will take
occasion to make that motion myself.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
of the Senator who reports this bill if it inter-
feres with the publication of the laws by Little
& Brown?
Mr. ANTHONY. Not at all; it only refers
to the promulgation of the laws in newspapers.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand the bill
to go further than that, and to provide for the
publication of laws to be distributed to mem-
bers of Congress and copies to be furnished to
the Departments.
Mr. ANTHONY. That refers to the distri-
bution of the laws duringthe session. As acts
and joint resolutions become laws they are
printed and distributed to members, each of
whom has a file of them. Those laws hare
been heretofore furnished by the Secretary of
the Senate and the Clerk of the House of Rep-
resentatives. This bill provides that they shall
be furnished hereafter from the rolls of the
State Department, so that they may be per-
fectly authentic and correct. There have been
some errors heretofore, necessarilv, in furnish-
ing the laws without taking them from the rolls.
Mr. TRUMBULL, The nil] provides that
it shall be the duty of the Congressional
Printer, on the printing of each act or resolu-
tion, excepting those which aro of a private
character, and which shall be so designated
by the Secretary of State, to transmit a copy
theieof to each of the editors of such news-
papers for prompt publication, and the number
01 copies of the public acts and resolutions
requisite for the purpose are herebv authorized
and required to be printed." I supposed
there was a provision in the bill requiring full
copies of the laws to be printed and furnished.
Mr. ANTHONY. No.
Ihc bill was ordered to be encrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
KE310YAL OF REVENUE OFFICERS,
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire,
submitted the following resolution : which was
considered by unanimous consent, and agreed
the' Ooiamf«i-ou«"qf
the removal or appointment uf assessors or i-oUepiors
smto the 1st day 01 June, M;, toirotl.'-i with i
meat of tho action, if anv, takC" '
eu upon them.
