1808.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4199
come in litigation and competition with the
citizen. Suppose a citizen sues for material
taken off his land, wood taken, stock killed, or
any of those little cases that arise in the neigh-
borhood where he ought to have his remedy at
onee convenient to his witnesses, the railroad
company for the purpose of vexing him may
take a transfer to the United States court. Is
not that a substantial denial of justice to the
party?
Mr. COLE. Of course it is.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It certainly is known
to Senators that in a controversy of that sort
the citizen has no equal chance in the courts
of the United States with these corporations.
A few years of litigation there would eat up a
small estate. And, sir, I say that it is a
dangerous thing to extend the jurisdiction of
the United States courts. We have been doing
it from session to session at a very dangerous
rate, in my judgment. They are necessarily
very expensive courts in which to litigate
between parties; and especially dangerous
when you give the right to one side to take his
case to the Federal court and deny it to the
other, as in this bill, the one party being a
strong, powerful corporation, the other, per-
haps a poor citizen, who may not be able to
follow his case from court to court in the
Federal judicial system.
So far as the constitutional question sug-
gested by the chairman of the committee is
concerned, I do not doubt that the right of
transfer may be given where the question in-
volves a right that is conferred by a law of the
United States ; but how far is that to be con-
strued as extending ? If the courts will stand by
the letter of that provision there is not so much
danger to be apprehended ; but if the courts
shall go so far as is suggested by the Senator
from Illinois, the chairman of the Judiciary
Committee, if they go so far as to say that this
law is intended to protect corporations cre-
ated by the laws of the United States in all of
their litigation; in other words, that simply
because a corporation has been created by the
United Slates, therefore its cause may go to
the courts of the United States, it will be a
very dangerous construction.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is not the bill as
the Senator will see. if he will look at it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not think it is;
but 1 understood the argument of the Senator
to be that Congress had the right to provide
so as to protect its own corporations.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think so, so far as its
laws go. Of course it would not protect them
in regard to matters not arising under its own
laws. But the bill was amended in the Judi-
ciary Committee—I am not sure whether the
Senator from Indiana was present or not—for
the very purpose of carrying out his sugges-
tion. if he will look at the amended bill he
will see that it requires that a petition shall be
filed, verified by oath, stating that the case does
arise under some law of Congress or a treaty
or the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have no question
that, the letter of this law being adhered to by
the courts, the danger is not so great as I
apprehended, when you take that ill connec-
tion with the former provision, that it must be
a corporation created by the laws of the United
States. I think any one may safely have the
right to transfer a cause to the United States
courts where his right depends upon a law of
the United States. We have gone much fur-
ther than that, and have provided that where
his defense rests not upon a law, but upon an
order or authority of any officer of the United
States, there may be a transfer. So far as the
constitutional question is concerned this bill is
not so objectionable, in my judgment, as many
bills we have already passed; but I think it is
liable to that construction which is hurtful to
the cause of justice.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, on the passage of the bill.
Mr. COLE and Mr. HENDRICKS called
for the yeas and nays, and they were ordered;
and being taken, resulted—yeas 30, nays 12;
as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Conkling, Con-
ness, Cragin, Doolittle, Drake, Edmunds, Fessenden,
Frelinghuvsen, Harris, Howard, Howe, McDonald,
Morgan, Morrillot Vermont, Nye, Osborn, Patterson
of New Hampshire, Ramsey, Sherman, Sumner,
Thaver, Tipton.TrumbulI, Van Winkle, Welch, Wil-
lcy, Wilson, and Yates—SO.
NAYS — Messrs. Cole, Davis, Harlan, Hendricks,
McCreery, Morton, Pomeroy, Ross, Sprague, Vick-
ers, Wade,and Williams—12.
ABSliNT—Messrs. Abbott. Anthony.Bayard.Buck-
alew,Chandler,Corbet*. Dixon, Ferry, Fowler,Grimes,
Henderson. Kellogg, Morrill of Maine, Norton, Pat-
terson of Tennessee, Pool, llice, Saulsbury, Stewart,
and Whyte—20.
So the bill was passed.
PRINTING OF TEE TAX BILL.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
fire thousand copies of the tax bill, have
instructed me to report it back, with an amend-
ment, and I ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution :
llpsnlvpti. That tliere be printed for the use of the
Senate five thousand copies of the tax bill recently
passed at the present session, as the same became a
law.
The amendment of the Committee on Print-
ing was to add the words "with the index pre-
pared for the edition ordered by the House of
Representatives.''
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheeson', announced that the
House iiad agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 1284)
to change and more effectually secure the col-
lection of internal taxes on distilled spirits and
tobacco, and to amend the tax on banks.
BRIDGES ACROSS TIIE OHIO RIVER.
Mr. MORTON. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 622 to authorize the construction of
bridges across the Ohio river.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I object to the taking
up of that bill at this time. I understood yes-
terday that that bill had been recommitted to
the Committee on Post Ofiices and Post Roads,
and I was not aware that it had been reported
again. Accompanying the bill was quite an
extensive report prepared under the superin-
tendence of a distinguished engineer in the
Government service, and that 1 believe was
ordered to be printed, but has not been laid on
our tables. This is a matter of great interest
to my constituents, and I should prefer that the
bill should lie over until that report can be seen.
The reading of it was commenced in commit-
tee, but it was obliged to be laid aside in con-
sequence of other business, and I have not been
able to see it. I hope the bill will not be
taken up at this time. I desire to take up a
bill of much more general interest if I can get
an opportunity to do so.
Mr. MORTON. It is not possible for the
Senate to take up a bill of more general inter-
est than this, because there is no such bill pend-
ing before the Senate, in my opinion. The
report to which the Senator refers has been
printed. This measure has been before the
committee to which the Senator belongs for a
long time, and he understands it exactly. It
is in regard to bridging the Ohio river, about
which there is a good deal of interest felt, and
m regard to which there are great interests
depending. It ought to be considered at this
session of Congress for the reason that there
are two or three bridges which will be built,
i perhaps, this summer, unless action is^ taken,
which will be an obstruction to navigation and
which the Government will undoubtedly have
to pull down hereafter and pay for as in the
ease of the Ilock Island bridge. It is a matter
of the utmost importance that this bill should
be considered, and if it is not done to-day it
will be too late. I ask that the bill may be
taken up.
Mr. HOWARD. I shall be very happy to
consider the bill of the Senator from Indiana at
some other time. I have made repeated efforts
to get up the Central Branch Union Pacific
railroad bill, which has been discussed so much,
and I was in hopes this forenoon that I should
be able to succeed in obtaining the final action
of the Senate upon it. I hope, therefore, that
the Senate will consent to take it up. I do not
think it will occupy much time. I think we
shall be able to dispose of it in the course of
twenty minutes or half an hour.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No; not in
two hours.
Mr. HOWARD. I think we can. I dislike
very much to antagonize my bill against that
of the Senator from Indiana; but I announce
to him that I shall move to take up this one if
the motion to take up his fails.
Mr. CAMERON. ^1 trust we shall take up
the bill mentioned by the Senator from In-
diana. It is one of vast importance to my
constituents, and it will take but a few minutes
to pass it. There can hardly be an objection
to it except from some little interest at the
headwaters of the stream; bat to the people
below it is a question of great magnitude,
because the whole commerce of the river is
now very much in danger by these bridges. I
trust the bill will be taken up.
Mr. POMEROY. The last action I know
anything about of the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, of which I am a mem-
ber, and I have attended all the meetings, was
that we voted to report this bill in order that
the report accompanying it might be printed
for the use of the Senate, and then to have it
recommitted to the committee. I do not know
of any action beyond that. If the bill is before
tha Senate for any action by any report of the
committee, it is unknown to me. The report
to which reference has beeu made is said to be
very elaborate. 1 have never read it, but I
intended to read it whenever it was piinted.
The Senator from Indiana says it is printed.
The order to print was made yesterday, and if
it is printed I have not seen it.
Mr. MORTON. It is here to-day.
Mr. POMEROY. Perhaps other Senators
have it. I have not seen a copy of it. I should
be glad to have a portion of that report read
when the bill is considered. I shall place no
obstacle in the way of considering the bill, but
it is pretty early to consider it before we hare
had an opportunity to see the report in print.
Mr. RAMSEY. In answer to the Senator
with reference to the recommitment of the bill
to the committee I have this to say : the par-
ties in interest were so very anxious to have a
report, that we reported the bill leaving one or
two blanks in it, those blanks being as to the
size of the spans of the bridges, with the under-
standing that after the bill was printed it should
be recommitted to the committee for the pur-
pose of filling those blanks.
Mr. POMEROY. So I understood. _
Mr. RAMSEY. Upon my motion it was
recommitted to the committee, and upon a
consultation with a majority of the members
of the committee they directed the size of the
spans which the Senator will find in the billas
read.
Mr. POMEROY'. When was it recom-
mitted?
Mr. RAMSEY. Recommitted yesterday,
and reported back yesterday.
Mr. POMEROY. Did the committee have
any meeting in the mean time?
Mr. RAMSEY. Not a formal meeting, but
such a meeting as we usually have at this late
day of the session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator ire in
Indiana.
The motion was agreed to ; there being on
a division—ayes 26, noes 1 o ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 022) to authorize toe
construction of bridges across the Ohio river.
The bill provides that any bridge hereafter
erected across the Ohio river shall be made
