1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m settling hostile demonstrations. The bill is
reported upon the request of the commission
by special messenger, and also by telegrams
to both Houses, i trust there will be no objec-
tion to the bill, as there was none in the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
_ Mr. WARD. Hoiv much money does the
bill appropriate ?
ilr. 13 Q 1'LER. One hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars.
The bill was read. It appropriates $150,000
for the purpose of carrying out treaty stipu-
lations with various Indian tribes and defray-
ing expenses and disbursements made by the
commission authorized by the act of July 20,
1807, entitled "An act to establish peace with
certain hostile Indian tribes during the year
18U8;'' the money to be expended under the
direction of the commission.
Mr. BUTLER. I move the previous ques-
tion on the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a thiid time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BUTLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AMERICAN PRISOSEIiS IS GREAT BRITAIN.
Mr. ROBINSON, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
is Hereby requested by this House lo take such
measures as shall appear propor to secure the re-
lease irom imprisonment of Messrs. Warren and
Coitcllo, convicted and sentenced in Great Britain
lor words and acts spoken and done in this country,
by i^noung our naturalization laws, and to take
such other measures as will secure their return to
our flag with such ceremonies as are appropriate to
the occasion.
MURDEttS IN SOUTH CAROLINA.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move to suspend
the rules to enable me to offer the following
preamble and resolutions:
Whereas information, re?nrded as reliable, has
been received that Solomon Dili, of Oamden, South
Carolina, late a member of the constitutional con-
vention in said State, and a member-clect to the
Legislature, together with two colored men, citizens
oi the United States, were twutaily murdered on the
night ot the 6th instant, at the residence of said Dili,
for no other reason than theirdevotion to the Union
and the Government; and whereas in pursuance of
the s.irne system of organized assassination Mr. W.
L Mixon, s hool commissioner-elect for Barnwell
county, North Carolina, was also recently assaulted
by armed desperadoes and dangerously, if not mor-
tally wounded: Therefore,
Itesolwd, (as the sense ot this House,) That General
H. K. Scott, the Governor-elect, bhouid at once take
the most active measures for the arrest of the said
.assassins and murderers, and to that end he is re-
"questcd to offer a reward of $10,OIK) for their prompt
apprehension.
liesolvedjurther, (asthesense of this House,) That it
is the duty of the general commanding of said district
to apprehend and place in close custody all well
known desperadoes residing in the vicinity where
said murders were committed, as ameasure necessary
to aid in revealing the murderers and to check the
recurrence of such acts in the future,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon (at
five o'clock and five minutes p. m.) the House
adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. CAKE; A memorial of Thomas
B, Bancroft and others, citizens of Ashland,
SchuykiU county, Pennsylvania, complaining
of the inadequacy of customs duties to pro-
tect the productive interests of the cibuntry,
and praying for the reconsideration and pas-
sage of the general tariff bill which failed in
the Thirty Ninth Congress.
By Mr. CAIlY: A petition from the mer-
chants and grocers of the city of Memphis,
Tennessee, protesting against any change in
the existing tariff on imported sugar.
j By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: The
I petition of James H. Beal and others, presi-
j dents and directors of national banks, in favor
j of creating the office of United States sealer,
lor the purpose of sealing scales and weights
used in national banks, navy-yards, custom-
houses, &c.
By Mr. JULIAN: The petitions of numer-
ous citizens of Iowa and Missouri, praying a
grant of land to aid in constructing the Iowa
atii Missouri State line railroad.
By Mr. MORRELL: The petition of R. B.
Myers and 89 others, citizens of Conneautville,
Crawford county, Pennsylvania, complaining
of the depression of industry, and praying for
such increase of protective duties as will revive
manufactures and restore prosperity to the
country.
Also, the petition of 44 farmers and citizens
of Oneida township, Huntingdon county, j
Pennsylvania, praying for increase of protect- j
ive duties for the benefit of manufacturing j
industry.
Also, the petition of John Palmer and 205 !
others, workers in coal atDudley, Huntingdon
county, Pennsylvania, representing (hat their
industry is greatly depressed and many of thei r
trade out of e nploymcnt, and praying for such
additional protective duties as will relieve their
distress and aid them in the unequal contest
with the underpaid labor of Europe.
Also, the petition of 8 manufacturing firms
of Mifflin county, Pennsylvania, employing,
when in full operation, 45 workmen, now
einp!oying26 workmen, signed also by citizens
of said county, complaining of the insufficiency
of^ customs duties to protect the industry of
this country against the cheaper capital and
labor of foreign countries, and praying that
Congress will resume consideration of the tariff
bill as passed by the Senate, which failed in
the House March, 1807, and enact it into a law
at the earliest practicable moment.
Also, the petition of iron manufacturers of
Huntingdon county, Pennsylvania, employing,
when in lull operation, 400 workmen, now
employing 137 workmen, signed also by 7o citi-
zens of said county, setting forth that the in-
dustry of the country is paralyzed for want of
efficient protection against the cheaper capital
and labor of foreign countries, aud praying
that Corgress will resume.consideration of the
tariff bill, as passed by the Senate, which
failed in the House March, 1807, and enact it
into a law at the earliest practicable moment.
Also, the petition of Reynold & Moorhead,
manufacturers of iron at Clarion, Pennsylva-
nia, setting forth that they employ when in full
operation 280 workmen, and have now but
100, complaining of the suffering condition of
the productive interests of the country, and
the paralysis of its industry, resulting from the
want of efficient protection against the cheaper
capital and labor of foreign countries; and
praying that Congress will resume consid-
eration of the tariff bill, as passed by the Sen-
ate, which failed in the House March, 1867,
for want of time, and enact it into a law at the
earliest practicable moment.
Also, the petition of 23 manufacturing com-
panies and firms of Blair county, Pennsylva-
nia, employing, when in full operation, 1,536
workmen, now employing 9ol workmen, set-
ting forth that customs duties, which were
sufficient under a high gold premium,_ have
become wholly inadequate to protect the indus-
try of this country against the cheaper capital
and labor of foreign countries, and in prospect
of a continued decline in gold must shortly
prove ruinous: that much of the distress now
prevalent, and daily increasing, would be
relieved by the legislation suggested in Special
Commissioner Wells's report of last year, as
perfected in the tariff bill which failed in the
House March, 1867, for want of time; and
praying that Congress will resume considera-
tion of that measure, and enact it into a law at
the earliest practicable moment.
By Mr. NIBLAOK: A memorial of A. J.
Wells and sundry others, citizens of Indiana,
praying the establishment of a post route from
Grandview, by way of Gentry ville, Polk Patch,
Pikeville, Pike County Springs, and Winslow,
to Petersburg, in said State.
By Mr. PETERS: The petition of A. 1).
Manson and others, of Bangors for improve-
ment of Richmond Island harbor, on the coast
of Maine.
By Mr. PHELPS : Resolutions of Baltimore
Board of Trade, against proposed reduction of
duties on foreign coals.
Also, a memorial of tlie representatives of
24 coal mines in Maryland, protesting against
any reduction ot the duty on bituminous coal
imported from Canadian provinces.
By Mr. PRICE: The petition of citizens of
the States of Missouri and Iowa, asking for a
grant of land to aid in the construction of the
Iowa and Missouri State line railroad.
By Mr. RANDALL. The petition of Henry
B. Ashmead, S. C. Collins, W. Harvey Miller.
King & Baird, and 124 others, printers of
Philadelphia,-representing that the productive
interests of the country are suffering and its
industry paralyzed for want of efficient pro-
tection against the chcaper labor and capital
of foreign countries : that much of the distress
now prevalent and iucreasing daily would be
relieved by the legislation suggested in Special
Commissioner Wells's report of last year, and
perfected in the tariff bill as passed by the
Senate, which failed in the House of Rep-
resentatives March, 18G7, for want of time;
and praying that Congress will resume consid-
eration of that measure and enact it into a law
at the earliest practicable moment.
Also, the petition of 70 employes of Sher-
man & Co., printers of Philadelphia, to the
same effect.
Also, the petition of Moore & Simpson, D.
Rodney King, Lewis 8. Moore, and others,
business men of Philadelphia, to the same
effect.
Also, a memorial of Shields & Brother, G.
W. Huntzinger, James A. Needles, Horace
H. Soul6, Samuel Sems, W. E. S. Baker, and
91 others, manufacturers, coal-miners, and
shippers, and business men of Philadelphia,
complaining of the paralysis of productive
industry; and praying that Congress will re-
sume consideration of the tariff bill which
failed in the House of Representatives March,
1807, and enact it into a law at the earliest
practicable moment.
By Mr. TAFFE: The petition of O. P.
Mason and 1,000 others, citizens of'Nebraska,
praying the passage ot' the bill pending in Con-
gress to grant aid in the construction of the
Midland Pacific railway, in the State of Ne-
braska.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, Jime 16, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. A. D. Guiiaette, D. D.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. CONKLING presented a petition of
cigar manufacturers and journeymen cigar-
makers, praying the adoption of the system of
collecting the revenue on cigars by making the
stamp a revenue stamp instead of an inspect-
or's stamp, sold only to licensed manufac-
turers ; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of persons
interested in the mining of coal in the United
States, protesting against any action which
would tend toward the reduction of the pres-
ent duty on coal; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance, .and ordered to be
printed. .
Mr. CAMERON presented the memorial of
the National Board of Trade, praying the pas-
sage of an act to incorporate said board;
which was referred to the Committee on toe
Judiciary.
Mr. HARLAN presented a report of the
executive committee of the fiegeots ot the
