THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
afterward adopted congressional amendment of the
Constitution of the United States Qonccrriing the
prohibition of slavery, transmitted certified copies of
the annexed resolutio.ii to tho Governors of the sev-
eral States, together with a ccrtiiicato and circular
letter. A eop^ of both of these communications is
hereunto annexed.
Respectfully submitted:
WILLIAM II. SEWARD.
The President.
[Circular.]
Department of State,
Washington, June 16, 1866.
Slit: I have the honor to transmit an attested
copy of a resolution of Congress, proposing to the
Legislatures of tho several States a fourteenth article
to the Constitution of tho United States. The de-
cisions of tho several Legislatures upon the subject
are required by law to be communicated to this
Department.
An acknowledgment of the receipt of this com-
munication is requested by your excellency's most
obedient servant. WILLIAM II. SEWARD.
His Excellency the Governor of the Sfate of .
United States of America,
Department of State.
To all to whom these presents shall come-, greeting:
I certify that annexed is a true copy of a con-
current resolution of Congress, entitled, " Joint
resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States," the original of which
resolution, received to-day, is on file in this Depart-
ment.
In testimony whereof, I, William II. Seward, Sec-
retary of State of the United States, have hereunto
subscribed my name and caused the seal of the
Department of State to be afiixed.
Done at the city ot Washington, this 16th day
r. „ I ot June, A. D. 186(3, and of the independence
1 ' 'J ofthe United States of Americathe ninetieth.
WILLIAM H. SEWARD.
[Concurrent resolution, received at Department of
State Jauuary 16,1866.j
Joint resolution proposing an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States.
Resolved by the Semite and Hoitse of Representatives
ofthe United States of America id Ooagress •assembled,
(two thirds of both Houses eoncuriing,) That the
following article be proposed to the Legislatures of
tile several States as an amendment to tho Constitu-
tion ot the United States, which when ratified by
three fourths of said Legislatures shall be valid as
pait ot the Constitution, namely:
article xiv.
SectioxI. All persons born or naturalized in the
United States and bubjeet to the jurisdiction thereof
arc citizens of the United States and of the State
wheicin they reside. No Statcshall make or enforeo
any iaw which shall abridge the privileges or immu-
nities of citizens oi the United States; nor shall any
State deprive any person of life, libeity, or pioperty
witliontduoproecssol law, nor deny any person within
its jurisdiction the equal protection ol the laws.
Sec. 2. Representatives shall bo apportioned among
tho sovei al States according to their respective num-
bers, counting the whole number of persons in each
State, excluding Indians not taxed. But when the
right to vote at auv election lor the choice of electors
for Pi esident and Vice President of the United States,
Representatives in Congre.-s, the executive and judi-
cial oilicers ol a State, or the members ot the Legis-
latuie thereof, is denied to any ot the male inhabit-
ants of such State being twenty-ono years of ago
and citizens of the United States, or in any way
abridged, except for participation in rebel lion or other
crime, the basis ol' representation therein shall be
reduced m tho proportion which the number of such
male citizens shall bear to the whole number of male
citizens twunty-onc years ot ago in such State.
Sec. No pei son shall be a Senator or Represent-
ative m Congress, or elector ot President and Vice
President, or hold any ofuce, civil or military, under
the United States, or under any State, who, having
previously taken an oath as a member of Congress,
or as an officer of the United States, or as a member
of :!n> StateLegislatuie, or as an executive or judi-
cial officer of any Shilc, to support the Constitution
of the United States,shall havoengaged in insurrec-
tion or rebellion against tho s^me, or given aid or
comioit to the enemies thereof. But Congress may,
by a vote of two thirds of each House, remove such
dis:ibi;i!y.
Sec. f. The validity of the public debt of the Uni-
ted Siates, autlioiized by law, including debts in-
curred for payment of pensions and bounties tor ser-
vices in suppressing insurrection or rebellion, shall
not be questioned. But neither the United States
noi any State shall assume or pay any debt or obli-
gation incurred in aid of insurrection or rebellion
against the United States, or any claim for the loss or
emancipation ot any slave; but oil such debts, obli-
gations, ami claims shall be held illegal and void.
Sec. 5. The Congress snail have power to enforce,
by appropriate legislation, tho provisions of this
article. SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Speaker of the House of Representatives,
LA FAYETTE 3. POSTER,
President of the Senate pro tempore.
Attest;
Epwakd McPhersox,
Clerk ofthe House of Representatives,
J. W. Forney,
Secretary of the Senate.
[To which is appended the certificate of J.
W. Forney, Secretary of the Senate, dated
April 2, 1868, that the foregoing are true ex-
tracts from the records of the Senate.]
Charles A. Tinker's examination resumed.
By Mr. Manager Butler :
Question. You told us yesterday you'were
manager of the Western Union Telegraph
office. Have you from that office what pur-
ports to be a copy of a speech which was tele-
graphed to the country or any portion of the
country, as made by Andrew Johnson on the
18th of August, 18G6; if so, producc it?
Mr. DRAKE. I will state that we have
not heard the question put by the honorable
Manager.
The CHIEF-JUSTICE. The Manager will
be good enough to repeat the question.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. It is whether,
being agent of the Western Union Telegraph
Company, you have what purports to be a copy
of a speech which was telegraphed over that
line, made by Andrew Johnson on the 18th
day of August, 18G6; if so, produce it?
Answer. I have the files of tho Associated
Press dispatches sent on that day, containing
what purports to be a copy of the speech de-
livered by the President. [Producing a roll
of manuscript.]
Question. From the course of business of
the office are you enabled to state whether
this was sent?
Answer. It has the "sent" marksputupon
all dispatches sent over the line.
Question. And this is the original manu-
script ?
Answer. That is the original manuscript
telegraphed.
Question. By what association was this speech
telegraphed ?
Answer. By the Associated Press, by their
agent in the city of Washington.
Mr. CURTIS. We must object to this, Gen-
eral Butler. He says it has a mark on it.
He does not say he put the mark on it, or that
he knows that anything was done, thus far.
Mr. Manager BUTLER, (to the witness.)
Can you tell me, sir, to what extent over the
country the telegraphic messages sent by tiie
Associated Press go ?
Answer. I suppose they go to all parts of
the country ; I cannot state positively. They
are telegraphed direct from Washington to
New York, Philadelphia, and Baltimore, there
addressed to the agents of the Associated Press,
and from New York they are distributed
through the country.
Mr. Manager BUTLER, (to tho counsel for
the respondent.) The witness is yours, gen-
tlemen.
Mr. CURTIS. We will not detain you, Mr.
Tinker.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. You can step down
for the present, Mr. Tinker ; but do not leave.
Jambs B. Sheridan' sworn and examined.
By Mr. Manager Butler ;
Question. Your whole name, Mr. Sheridan.
Answer. James Bernard Sheridan.
Question. What is your business ?
Answer. I am a stenographer.
Question. Where employed?
Answer. At present in New York city.
Question. What was your business en the
18th of August, 18GG?
Answer. I was a stenographer.
Question. State whether you reported a
spcech of the President on the 18th of August,
1866, in the East Room of the President's
Mansion.
Answer. I did.
Question. Have you the notes taken at the
time of that speech ?
Answer. I have; [producing a note-book
containing short-hand notes.]
Question. Did you take down that speech
correctly as it was given ?
Answer. I did, to the best of my ability. •
Question. How long experience have you
had as a reporter ?
Answer. Some fourteen years now.
Question. Did you write out that speech at
the time?
Answer. I wrote out a part of it.
Question. Where?
Answer. At the Presidential Mansion.
Question. .Who was present?
Answer, ^here were several reporters pres-
ent, Mr. Ciephane, Mr. Smith.
Question. What Ciephane? Doyou remem-
ber his first name ?
Answer. James, I think, is his first namo?
Question. What Mr. Smith?
Answer. Francis H., I believe, is his name.
Question. The official reporter of the House?
Answer. At that time, I believe, he was con-
nected with the House.
Question. Who else?
Answer. I think Colonel Moore was in the
room part of the time; I do not know that lie
was in all the time.
Question. What Colonel Moore?
Answer. The President's Private Secretary,
William G.
Question. After it was written out, what, if
anything, was done with it?
Mr. CURTIS. He says he wrote a part.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. The part that you
wrote out?
Answer. I do not know. I think Mr. Moore
took it. I was very sick at'the time, and did
not pay much attention to what was going on.
Question. You think Mr. Moore took it?
Answer. I think either he or Mr. Smith took
it, as I wrote out my share of-it. We divided it
among us; Mr. Ciephane, Mr. Smith, and I
wrote out the speech, I think.
Question. Look at that manuscript, [hand-
ing to the witness the manuscript produced by
C. A. Tinker,] and see whether you recognize
your hand-writing.
The Witness, (having examined the manu-
script.) No, sir; I do not recognize any of the
writing here as mine.
Question. Have you since written out from
your notes any portion of the speech as you
reported it ?
Ansioer. I wrote out a couple of extracts
from it.
Question, (handing a paper to the witness.)
Is that your writing?
Ansioer. Yes, sir.
Question. State whether what you hold in
your hand is a correct transcript of that speech
made from your notes?
Answer. It is.
Question. When was that written?
Ansioer. It was written when I appeared be-
fore the Board of Managers.
Question. Will you have the kindness to put
your initials upon it?
[The witness marked it "J. B. S."]
Mr. Manager BUTLER, (to the counsel for
the respondent.) The witness is yours, gen-
tlemen.
Mr. STANBERY. Have you got through
with this witness?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I sail the witness
was yours, gentlemen.
Mr. STANBERY. Is this all you expect
of this witness?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. All at present,
and we may never recall him.
Cross-examined by Mr. Evarts :
Question. You have produced a note-book
of original stenographic report of a speech of
the President?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Is it of the whole speech ?
Answer. Ofthe whole speech.
Question. Was it wholly made by you ?
Answer. By me ; yes, sir.
Question. How long did the speech occupy
in the delivery?
Answer. Well, I suppose some twenty or
twenty-five minutes.
Question. By what method of stenographic
reporting did you proceed on that occasion ?
Ansicer. Pitman's system of phonography.
Question. Which is, as I understand, re-
porting by sound, and not by sense?
An,steer. We report the sense by th® sound.
