186a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
be stopped. There is not a navy-yard in the
country where the changes made lately have
not increased to the amount of tens of thou-
sands of dollars the expenses of the Govern-
ment and the inefficiency of the service. These
officers ought to be appointed from the class of
men who are skilled in the various branches
of work, who will know what they are about,
and not men who know nothing at all, as they
have been in many cases recently. If it is
objected that the persons appointed to those
small offices should not be sent to the Senate
for continuation, i would not object to amend-
ing this proviso so as to provide merely that
they shall be selected by the President from
persons skilled in their profession, and not
from people who know nothing about it. and
who have a great capacity to run up expenses
on the Government, as has been the case within
the last two or three years in this Department.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear
the last clause of that proviso read again.
The Secretary read as follows:
Shall be appointed by the President, with the
advice and consent of the Senate, and shall bo men
skilled in their several duties and appointed from
civil life, and shall not be appointed from the officers
of the Ifiivy.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the clause to
which I suppose the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts objects.
Air. WILSON. No ; I do not object to part
of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What part?
Mr. WILSON. I said that. I understood the
reason why it was proposed to strike out this
proviso was that we ought not to bring these
small officers before the Senate for confirma-
tion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is one reason ;
but what part does the Senator think it of par-
ticular importance to retain ?
Mr. WILSON. 1 think that that part which
provides that they shall be skilled in their duties
and appointed from civil life, and not from men
who have never studied and who knownothing
about this class of duties, should be retained.
I would be willing that the President slitmld
appoint these persons without sending their
names to the Senate; but I think they ought
to be appointed from the class of men who are
skilled in that particular kind of business and
are fit for it. I know that great complaint has
been made in the last two or three years that
such persons have generally been dismissed
and a class of men who have little knowledge
of these matters have taken their places, and
many of them appointed from the Navy, who
know as little as any other class.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am aware that those
complaints have been made; but the com-
plaints have come, as a general rule, from
those who have ceased to be employed at the
the navy-yards in these capacities, as I under-
stand. While we hail use at sea for all our
ship-carpenters, calkers, &e., who were con-
nected with the Navy, it. became necessary, as
was the custom, to appoint men to these
places, which are simply subordinate, and the
appointments were made by the Secretary of
the Navy, ordinarily from civilians outside, not
on account of any particular skill that they
had, but on account of their having political
friends, as a general rule, and being them-
selves pretty active politicians, either on one
side or the other, according to the party that
happened to be in power. That has been the
general principle that has governed the ap-
pointments, as we all know, on both sides.
Now, when the naval service at sea is very
much cut down and very largely diminished,
the carpenters and others who formerly went
to sea and who are acquainted with ships and
everything in connection with them, from hav-
ing spent their lives in connection with them
and this particular kind of business, instead of
going to sea are sent to the navy-yards to
superintend the work there. Thus there is a
saving. Those men must be paid; they belong
to the regular corps of the Navy, and we save
the amounts that would be paid to persons
outside, civilians, to take those places, while
these men substantially have nothing to do;
and the complaint that comes here, that they
are not skilled is because they happen to be
men who have been exercising their skill at
sea for a considerable portion of time recently,
instead of being in the navy-yards as formerly.
The object of this proviso, which was put on
the bilF in the House of Representatives, as
I understand it, is to leave these men to do
nothing substantially, and employ political per-
sons outside, either of one stripe or another,
who are civilians, changing them regularly with
every changing Administration, to take these
petty places in the navy-yards! That is the
simple secret of the whole of it. As to the
words providing that they shall be persons
skilled m their professions, that is a matter of
accident, and who is going to settle it? The j
real point of the whole thing is, that they shall
be taken from civil life. In reality it is legis-
lation to continue a class of officers who are
entirely unnecessary when we have officers con-
nected with the Navy whom we are obliged to
pay, who can discharge the same duty, and
who are not subject to all the reverses of par-
ties or changes of parties. It is a question of
economy. This talk about it being a great
deal more expense to have the work done by
naval men is unfounded ; it is a great deal less
expense. They are justas skilled as the other
men.
Mr. WILSON. That is a great mistake.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to "have
the proof of it. For the Senator to get up
here and say it is so, without giving us any
proof, does not convince me. I have no doubt
he has been told so, because I have been told
so; but look at the face of the thing: you
shall not take a person to fill one of these po-
sitions from the Navy, although you have car-
penters and calkers in the Navy who are men
of age and experience and skill, just as likely
to be fitted as others, lroin tlu ir being con-
nected with ships as long as they have been ;
but you must go and take somebody, a carpen-
ter or a calker, outside and bring him in there
for the reason that you want to give the place
to a civilian. Why should not the persons
already in the employ of the Government and
paid by the Government be the individuals to
perform these duties in the navy-yards instead
of our having two classes of men to pay when
we have service for only one? We have heard
no reason why they should not discharge these
duties.
Mr. PATTERSON, of NewHampshire. This
clause which it is proposed to strike out is rather
a trifling matter as it seems to me; and in
voting against striking it out I am influenced
somewhat by the statement of the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations at the moment
he brought up this bill, the necessity of having
the bill passed so that it may go to the coun-
try. If you strike out this provision the bill
must go back to the House of Representatives
to bo acted upon there. They may concur or
they may not. Now, as it is so trifling a mat-
ter, would it not be better to leave it where it
is rather than to strike it oat and send the bill
back to the House?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The bill must go back
to the House anyway, because a great many
amendments are made to it.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. The
principal difficulty about the matter is, that
of late the Navy Department has turned off
from our navv-yards men who are skilled in
their various professions, and have put into
their places men who are skilled as politicians, •
and we have 110 remedy against this sort of
thing. It seems to 1110 it would be vastly belter
to leave this matter just where it is in the bill,
and then we shall have some remedy against
turning out men of skill, men who have had
years of experience in their profession, and
having put in their places men who know noth-
ing about the duties to be performed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is not the fact.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. It
is the fact at the Portsmouth navy-yard, to my
knowledge.
Mr. SUMNER. And so is it the fact at
Boston.
Mr. CRAGIN. I wish to make a remark
or two in relation to the alleged increase of
expense. The Senator from Maine thinks
that the Senator from Massachusetts is greatly
mistaken in that respect. I will endeavor
to show that in one particular the expense
has been greatly increased. A year ago, or
a little more, there was a clause inserted
in the naval appropriation bill requiring that
the civil engineers and naval storekeepers
should bo appointed by the President and con-
firmed by the Senate ; but the Secretary of the
Navy took it into his head that he would
abolish the office of naval storekeeper. The
naval storekeeper was an officer who kept the
stores for all the different bureaus in the Navy
Department, and issued them on requisition.
The Secretary of the Navy, inasmuch as the
law said that these officers should be appointed
by the President and confirmed by the Senate
when required, taking advantage of that word
"required" abolished the office of naval store-
keeper. The result lias been that every single
bureau of the Navy Department has now offi-
cers at. the navy-yards, a clerk and others, who
keep the sttyes for each bureau, and the officers
have been largely increased, and the expenses
increased. I am told so at the Navy De-
partment by men who are well posted in this
matter.
Mr. WILSON. So far as this matter has
any political influence I have no care about it
anyway. I am against men appointed to office
—mere appointees of the Government—having
much influence or much to do with political
affairs. I would not permit them to be taxed
nor to pay money for political purposes if I
had my way about it. lam in favor of cutting
down the number of persons employed in the
navy-yards to the smallest possible number ;
and I think we shall find when this bill goes
into effect that it will discharge four fifths of
the meu in the navy-yards who cannot be em-
ployed under it. The bill is a great reduction
as it came from the House of Representatives,
and we have reduced it S700.000 as reported
by our committee. But the fact cannot be dis-
guised that under the Navy Department the
expenses have been largely increased in the
navy-yards of the country. Take the Charles-
town navy-yard; they employ four times as
many clerks as they did before the act to which
reference has been made was passed. In fact,
I have a report—I cannot lay my hands on it
at present—called for by a resolution of the
House, and anybody who will take it and com-
pare it will find that the officers have been in-
creased throughout the country; that they have
been divided up into petty departments for the
accommodation of men employed there who
ought to be sent to sea or sent out of the ser-
vice. I think the Navy Department during the
last two or three years has been one of the
most extravagant and corrupt Departments of
this Government, and one of the worst man-
aged. For one, I cannot see that nava! officers
can know anything about the duties of master
joiners or master mechanics of any kind.
Mr. CRAGIN. Or master masons.
Mr. WILSON. Sir, what are these offi-
cers—11 master carpenters, master joiners, mas-
ter blacksmiths, master boilermakers, master
sailmakers, master plumbers, master painters,
master calkers, master masons, master boat-
builders, master sparmakers, master block-
makers. and the superintendents of rope-
walks ?"' I do not believe that officers con-
nected with the Navy know anythingahont these
things, and I do not think they should be sent
to the navy-yards to attend to this work. I do
not believe that the public business is pro-
moted by it, or that the quality of the work or
the amount of it is increased by it. I am op-
posed to striking out this proviso from the bill
and shall vote against the amendment. I do
not wish to occupy time on it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It seems tome
all that has beeu said of the necessity of Ibis
measure has grown out of a supposed abuse
