4200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
with continuous or unbroken spans, and the
span across the main low-water channel shall
not be of less elevation than ninety feet above
low-water mark, nor less than forty feet above
extreme high-water mark, as understood at
the point of location, measuring for such ele-
vation to the bottom chord of the bridge. All
the spans other than the one over the main
low-water channel are to bo at least feet
in length in the clear, and the span covering
the main low-water channel of the river is to
be of such length as to leave at least 
hundred feet of unobstructed passage-way for
navigation at all stages; but the Secretary of
War, after a full examination of each case, is
to determine this width of passage adequate to
the wants of navigation.
A bridge built under the provisions of the
act is to be located in such places and in such
manner as to be at right angles with the direc-
tion of the current in the main channel of the
river at all stages, so that the piers of the bridge
may be always parallel to the current in the
main channel; and the location of the bridge
is also to be such that the current of the main
channel shall move in a straight line from a
point at least one thousand feet above the
bridge to a point five hundred feet below the
bridge. And no rip-rap or other material is
*o be placed around the bases of the piers or
abutments to compensate for inadequate found-
ations, which material shall contract the pas-
sage-way hereinbefore provided, or which shall
injuriously affect the regimen of the river. Any
person, company, or corporation, authorized
to construct a bridge across the Ohio river by
the States upon whose territory the bridge will
abut, is to submit to the Secretary of War, for
his examination, a design of the bridge and
piers, and a map of the location, giving for the
space of at least one mile above and one
mile below the proposed location, the topog-
raphy of the banks of the river, the snore
lines at high and low water, the direction of
the current at all stages, and the soundings
accurately showing tha bed of the stream, and
furnish such other information as may be re-
quired for a full and satisfactory understanding
of the subject by the Secretary of War ; and if
the Secretary of War is satisfied that the pro-
visions of the law have been complied with in
regard to location, the building of the piers
may be at once commenced ; but if it shall ap-
pear that the conditions prescribed can not
be complied with at the location where it is
desired to construct the bridge, the Secretary of
War shall detail a board, composed of three
experienced offisers of the corps of engineers,
to examine the case, and may, on their recom-
mendation, authorize the building of the bridge
at the proposed location on such increased
length of spans across the channel-way as the
board may deem sufficient to secure a passage-
way that shall not unnecessarily obstruct the
navigation of the river. Any person, company,
or corporation constructing a bridge under the
act is to take all necessary measures to pre-
vent any change occurring in the river bed,
after work shall have been commenced, that
would injuriously affect the navigation of the
river, and shall not, during the construction of
the bridge, obstruct the navigation of the river
in any way that will not at all times leave a
passage-way equivalent to that heretofore pro-
vided in the act. Any bridge constructed under
the act, and according to its limitations, is to
be a lawful structure, and to be recognized and
known as a post route, upon which also no
higher charge is to be made for the transmis-
sion over the same of the mails, the troops, and
the munitions of war of the United States than
the rate per mile paid for their transportation
aver the railroads or public highways leading
to the bridge; and in case of any litigation aris-
ing from any obstruction or alleged obstruc-
tion to the navigation of the river created by
the construction of any bridge under the act
the cause or question arising may be tried be-
fore the district court of the United States of
any State in which any portion of the obstruction
or bridge touches. The right to alter or amend
the act so as to prevent or remove all material
obstructions to the navigation of the river by
the construction of bridges is expressly re-
served.
The Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads reported the bill with amendments.
The first amendment was in section one, line
ten, to fill the blank by inserting the words
"two hundred and fifty;" so that the clause
will read:
All tho spans other than the one over the main
low-water channel shall bo at least two hundred and
fifty i'cet length in tho clear.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I feel myself placed
in a somewhat embarrassing position on ac-
count of what I have already stated. I ex-
pected to receive the report of the committee
and learn from that why two hundred and fifty
feet exactly in this case should be necessary.
I have heard no reason for it, and do not
expect to hoar any satisfactory one. It appears
that this bill, according to the confession of
the Senator from Indiana, is aimed at two
bridges now in process of construction in which
my constituents arc deeply interested. It
appears that those bridges are to be sacrificed;
for what object I am unable to tell. If there
is any reason, such as General Warren, United
States engineer, upon whose authority I under-
stand this report is based, could give, why
these spans should be two hundred and fifty feet,
no more and no less, I should like to hear it.
This is the first time, I believe, that such a
provision was ever introduced into a bridge
bill. The bill upon which my friends are act-
ing and upon which those bridges are being
built only requires the span over the main
channel to be of a certain length, leaving them
to construct the spans that are erected in the
lowest water near the shores at such lengths as
suit their convenience.
But, sir, this amendment alone does not pre-
sent the whole question that will be agitated in
this bill. I understand that the other blank is
to bo filled with "five hundred," which is to
be the length of a single span across the Ohio
river, where the channel is never half that
width.
The bridges that I speak of have been pro-
ceeding under an act of Congress passed in
July, 1802, defining as particularly as it could
all the matters in relation to those bridges,
how they were to be constructed, what width
their spans were to be, how high the structure
was to be above low water, and how high above
high water. Every particular that could be
ascertained at the time was put into the bill.
It is as particular as this, at least, although it
differs from it in one or two respects. Under
that law some two or three hundred thousand
dollars have already been expended ; indeed, a
great deal has been expended, for one bridge
has been entirely built and is now in operation
under that law, namely, the bridge at Steuben-
ville, and two others are in process of con-
struction. They are now about, while the
water is low, to commence the structure of piers
in the river. This bill is brought forward just
in time, if it should be passed, even if you
make the spans less than is proposed, to create
a delay in the construction of those bridges,
because they will be required to obtain the
opinion of tho Secretary of War and of a board
of engineers to be selected by him, and thus
the building of the bridges will be put back at
least one year, and the interest on the money
already expended will be lost, and probably the
materials collected for the purpose will greatly
deteriorate.
It is very easy for the Chamber of Commerce
or the Board of Trade of Cincinnati to take a
notion that they know all about bridges and
say that bridges must have five hundred feet
span over the main low-water channel above
Parkersburg as well as at Cincinnati, where it
is wider. But in the narrow channel between
Parkersburg and Pittsburg I doubt very much
if there is a channel of the river itself which is
over three hundred feet in width.
The law of which I have spoken was passed
by Congress after the deliberations of a boai-d
of civil engineers from every part of the Uni-
ted States convened at St. Louis to consider
the subject. Among them was Mr. McAlpine,
from Boston, an engineer from Rhode Island,
several engineers from New York, and from
the western States, consisting, I think, of
twenty-five in all. This board considered all
these questions about the river, about the navi-
gation, about the kind of craft used upon it,
and they solemnly determined that three hun-
dred feet were sufficient for the main span, and
determined that the adjoining span should be
two hundred and twenty feet, leaving to the
companies constructing the bridges to make the
others as they saw fit. I have here a copy of
their report, and I wish to call the attention
of the Senate to some extracts from it.
These gentlemen were among the most dis-
tinguished engineers in the United States, and
on taking his seat Mr. McAlpine, of Massachu-
setts, who had been elected their president,
spoke of the gentlemen of whom the board was
composed in high terms. He said they were
engineers who had already made their names
in the United States and who had a national
reputation. I merely wish to show by these
remarks that this was not a set of engineers
gathered together for the purpose of accom-
plishing a single project or carrying out the
views of a single bridge company; but they were
engineers selected for their eminence from every
part of the United States, to whom was referred
the decision of this question. They did decide
it; and as I have already stated, under their
decision and the good faith of the United States
pledged by the act of 1862, one bridge has been
already constructed and two others are in pro-
cess of construction, and against those two this
bill is aimed. It is not a regard, I am afraid,
for the navigation of the river, but it is a regard
to the interests of different railroad companies.
Continue the bridge at Steubenville and stop
the bridges below it, and the fate of the rail-
roads running through West Virginia and Mary-
land is very distinctly known.
I ask leave to read a few extracts from the
conclusions of this board, which will explain
this subject better than I can. They also con-
sidered all the questions involved in tho con-
struction of a bridge at St. Louis over the
Mississippi, I believe. The bridge company
there had the privilege of erecting one span
of five hundred feet in length or two spans of
three hundred and eighty-four feet in length,
and the decision of the board was decidedly
against the erection of the span of five hun-
dred feet.
Mr. CONNESS. I rise to call for the special
order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, the special order, being
the bill (H. 11. No. 768) concerning the rights
of American citizens in foreign States, is before
the Senate.
Mr. MORTON. I hope we shall be allowed
to finish this bridge bill. It is a very import-
ant bill, and will have to go to the House.
Mr. STEWART. It will be debated all
day.
_ Mr. MORTON. Ithinknot. Idonotthink
it will take over an hour. I am very anxious
to take up the bill which is the special order,
, , hope we shall be allowed to dispose of
this bill.
Mr. CONNESS. I have only a general inter-
est, the interest of all other Senators in the
special order. ^ The Senator knows how long
ana how often it has been postponed. I know
the interest felt in the pending measure, and I
know, too, how near we are to the close of the
session; and if the bridge bill can be passed
in a comparatively short time, and the Sefiate
will agree to it, I will consent to let it go on,
it it will not occupy more than half an hour or
an hour.
*r1-' ^ no' think it wiH.
Mr. CONNESS. The special order can lis
over informally for that time.
