2152
THE CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE.
March 27,
of the administration of the law. Nov, if the
abuse were corrected, and a faithful adminis-
tration of-the law ag it stands could be pre-
mised, I submit tQ my friend from Massachu-
setts whether he believes this provision would
be necessary; because, as the law now stands,
i take it, any of these officers may be selected
irom. civil life. This proviso, therefore, is
fi!1 ®Ln£?r™ed to provide against an abuse in
toe administration of affairs in this particular.
ir co<nm'tt®e so understood it; but if it were
.allowable to suppose that we are not necessa-
rily to legislate against every little abuse which
possibly might exist, and we might hope for a
better state of things, then I think it would
not be necessary to pass this provision. At
any rate the committee thought there would
be more embarrassments growing out of it
from the method of appointment than relief
to the public service by its adoption.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senate will
pardon me if I make one remark. I will say
thati do not like this proposition as an original
proposition and not growing out of public exi-
gencies. I think that the persons named here,
m the ordinary course of business, ought to be
.appointed by the Department or by the heads
of bureaus, as they have been for many years,
I way say perhaps for several generations; but
this measure belongs to a class of measures to
which we have been obliged to resort during
the last two or three years, growing out of the
maladministration of the Government through
the defection of the President of the United
States. That is the fact; and we, as legisla-
tors, now are obliged to confront it. That was
the origin of the tenure-of-office bill. It is the
origin of many- other measures on which we
have been obliged to act. And now comes
this smaller measure, belonging to the same
class, sustained precisely 011 the same princi-
ple, which is this: we cannot trust the head
of the Department. In the exercise of his
disdretionary powers, according to the old
system, he turned out of place excellent men
and put in others merely on political grounds.
All that has come within my own knowledge
in the navy-yard at Boston. The Senator from
New Hampshire [Mr. Patterson] says the
same of the navy-yard in his State; and I
doubt not that other Senators would be obliged
to give more or less the same testimony with
regard to any other navy-yard that came within
their cognizance.
Now, the question is whether at this time
there are any circumstances which should
induce us for the moment to depart from or
suspend the policy which for two years we have
been gradually adopting in order to encounter
these abuses in the administration of the De-
partments. I think that for the present we
must proceed as we have done; as we did in
the tenure-of-office bill; as we did in other
bills ; and by legislative provision in advance
tie the hands of persons whom we cannot trust.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no reason to be-
lieve that .there is a greater disposition in the
present Administration, either on part of tlio
President or the heads of Departments, to act
in relation to appointments upon party grounds
than has existed during the last twenty years,
and particularly during the period that Mr.
Lincoln himself was at the head of the Gov-
ernment. I have some reason to believe that
changes such as are now spoken of in this bill
were made by him, or rather by the Secretaries
who were in the several Departments under
him. The system commenced as a dangerous
one, a mirchievous one, in my opinion, in the
days of General Jackson, and has been con-
tinued more or less ever since, and will be
continued to the end of time, or until healthier
sentiment governs the country.
But what will the honorable member from
Massachusetts gain if he succeeds in calling
upon the Senate to act as a Senate upon these
several appointments ? Suppose the President
nominates a boatswain, a sailmaker, or a black-
smith. Then, I suppose, my friend from Mas-
sachusetts will say, " What party does 1m be-
long to ? Is he of us or of the opposite faction ?
If he is not of us we disapprove." Does that
change the matter at all ? It makes it, in my
opinion, worse, because it involves the char-
acter of the Senate ; and I would much rather,
if anybody is to suffer in reputation, that it
should be the members of the Cabinet than the
members of a body like the Senate of the Uni-
ted States.
But what a work it will be for us to be en-
gaged in, vested with the high legislative power
the Constitution^ confers upon us and the au-
thority to deal with foreign nations in conjunc-
tion with the President in matters that may
involve the peace or promote the prosperity
of the country, to be called upon to advise
whether this man, that man, or the other,
whose name has never reached us, or reached
anywhere beyond his immediate neighborhood,
is fic to be a blacksmith, a sailmaker, or a
boilerniaker 1
Mr. 1'TiELINGIIUYSEN. Will my friend
from Maryland permit me to interrupt him for
a moment ?
Mr. JOHNSON. With great pleasure.
Mr. FliELINGHUYSEN. This proposition
provides that these officers—the civil engineer
and the naval storekeeper and the persons em-
ployed to superintend the mechanical depart-
ments at the several navy-yards—shall be taken
from civil life. I suppose, consequently, they
must be considered as civil officers ; and I sug-
gest, if that is so, that they would come under
the provisions of the tenure-of-office bill, and
they could only be removed by suspension, and
we should have to try the merits of suspending
one of these officers also.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly; and what a
time we should have of it! The honorable
member from Nevada [Mr. Stewaut] yester-
day, in the debate upon the bill which was
passed over the President's veto, said that the
Supreme Court of the United States was be-
hind in its docket. I think he is mistaken
as to that j but how far should we be behind
in our legitimate docket? Our whole time
would be taken up in trials of a sailmaker or a
joiner or a boilerniaker or a carpenter or a
gatekeeper. It seems to me to be beneath the
dignity of the body, and that of itself would
be a sufficient objection to it, in my mind.
But there is still, if possible, a greater ob-
jection. It unfits us—1 do not mean to say it
would have that effect upon the body as it now
is; but the tendency of such a power, of such
a duty, would, in course of time, be to unfit the
Senate—to discharge properly its high constitu-
tional functions ; functions which involve the
nation in its reputation throughout the world,
and functions with the proper discharge of
which the safety and prosperity of the nation are
so vitally and so indissolubly connected. I hope,
therefore, Mr. President, that the amendment
proposed by the committee will bo adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, who spoke last, [Mr. Sumner,] ad-
mitted the truth of what 1 said, that this is
merely a political matter and intended as such.
Now, sir, I am not so much of a politicians
perhaps, as the Senator, and, therefore, I do
not see the propriety of mixing politics up with
everything which is a more matter of business.
P.ut what do we gain by it politically '! These
changes have already been made in the navy-
yards.
The effect, then, of this provision is to keep
things just as they are. We cannot put our
friends back except by turning out the men
now in place. We shall not be very likely to
do that until we have a change of Administra-
tion, at any rate ; and I suppose when we have
a change of Administration, it can be done
without this legislation ; but then, I suppose,
we are to repeal our law if we now enact it ;
the object will have been accomplished. I sup-
pose gentlemen on our own side of the Cham-
ber expect to carry the next presidential elec-
tion. I hope they will. If they do we prob-
ably shall have another Secretary of the Navy ;
one that we like, and one that will make all
the improvements necessary without any le-
gislation. But if we do not, and the other side
carry it, they will do what they like about this
matter; that will be the amount of it. Now,
as the thing is already done, what is the object
of this provision ?
I have no peculiar affection for the present
Secretary of the Navy. I have not seen him
for a year or two, and do not suppose I shall
for the next year or two; I certainly shall
not of my own motion. But, sir, the policy
of the Navy has been, since the business of
the Navy is so much reduced and we have
so many officers who are unemployed, to put
them in these places and save money, if we
can. For instance, take the naval store-
keeper. Instead of having a naval storekeeper
that you pay, the Department appoints an offi-
cer of the Navy at the yard to administer
those duties, and lie lives on his pay as an offi-
cer of the Navy, which he must receive any-
how^ If there has been any abuse in the
appointment of clerks, that should be cor-
rected ; but it is no matter how many naval
storekeepers you have provided they are all
naval officers. As naval officers they have
hardly anything else to do, and they may as
well be employed in this service; but if you
have too many clerks you can correct that by
the proper legislation. There is no difficulty
about that.
So, too, with regard to the heads of the dif-
ferent trades carried on at the navy-yards. Is
there any objection to having as the head of a
trade in a navy-yard a ropemaker who has
been to sea, and who has been engaged in vessels
and connected with the cordage ol vessels, and
everything of that sort, probably for many
years? Is he not just as competent to do
work of that sort as a ropemaker outside?
Precisely so; only you do not get a politi-
cian; you do not get a man who is bound to
employ everybody under him of a particular
stripe. Andso of a ship-joiner and a ship-
carpenter. With regard to the master mason,
you must take liim from civil life, for masons
do not go to sea; and so, perhaps, of some of
the others. But the object of this proviso is
to compel the Navy in all cases to take a polit-
ical man from outside, instead of employing
somebody who is just as good, that they have
to pay whether he renders any services or not.
I hat is the amount of this last clause of which
the Senator speaks.
As to the greater expense of this system,
that remains to be proved to my satisfaction.
All that anybody has been able to specify was
that specified by my friend from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Cuagin",] who says the number of
clerks in the navy-yards has been increased.
How that may be I do not know. Probably
it may be so. If so, let us correct that abuse.
But with regard to the other clause, that these
persons shall be nominated by the President
and confirmed by the Senate, it strikes me as
simply ridiculous.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Sumner] seems to entertain the
idea that tlie tenure-of-office bill was intended
to reach cases analogous tQ this, and was a
mere political measure—a temporary expedient
to check the existing presidential patronage of
the incumbent of that office—and speaking
from our side of the Chamber, unless his re-
marks should be disputed by some one, they
might lead to the inference that that is the view
which gentlemen of our political opinion take.
I wish, speaking for myself, to dissent fronl
that proposition. When that bill was under
consideration it was distinctly placed by the
committee who reported it—my friend from
Oregon [Mr. Williams] and myself and my
friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bucicalew,J
who, although he did not agree to the bill itself,
assisted with most valuable aid in making the
framework of it—011 the ground that it was a
measure intended to restore that just equipoise
of harmony which the Constitution originally
intended to exist between the Senate of the
United States, representing the States, and the
Executive^ in respect to the management of the
affairs of the Government—that is to say, in
the selection of those chief and responsible
