3176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
Smithsonian Institution, on the influences of
the washington city canal on the health of the
population of the city; which was referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Committer
,, on Appropriations, to whom was referred the
- bill (S. No. 465) for the erection of school-
houses and the maintenance of schools in the
District of Columbia outside of the cities of
washington and Georgetown, instruct me to
report the same back and ask to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia. The Committee on Appropriations
will take notice of the intention, if it is so
desired, to move this on the miscellaneous
appropriation bill.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. MOREILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (S. II. No. Ill) requiring
the Special Commissioner of the Revenue to act
as superintendent of the Bureau of Statistics
in the office of the Secretary of the Treasury,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance: which was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on
Fo reigu Relations, to whom was referred the
message of the President of the United States,
communicating a report from the Secretary of
State, in relation to recent, events in the empire
of Japan, moved that itbe printed ; which was
agreed to.
He also, from (he same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Stephen G. Mon-
tano, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 5-53) to pay Stephen (x. Montauo,
a citizen of Peru, an unpaid balance of money
awarded to him by the mixed commission
authorized by the convention of January 12,
1863, between the United States and Peru.
The bill was read and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. MOREILL, of Maine, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a joint resolution (S. R. No. 146) author-
izing the sale of certain bonds belonging to
the Choctaw and Chickasaw Indians, and the
adjustment and payment of certain claims
against them; which was road twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. FERRY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. Iv. No. 117) for the relief of Jona-
than S. Turner: which was read twice by its
title, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 5o4) to promote commerce among the
States and to cheapen transportation of the
mails and military and naval stores ; which was
read twice by its title.
Mr. SHERMAN. In regard to the refer-
ence of that bill, I have consulted some mem-
bers of" the Committee on Commerce, to whom
some might suppose it should properly go, or
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads. As the bill is a very important one,
proposing to construct railroads from the city
of Washington in different directions, and as
there is a great deal of dispute about the right
to do so, J will move that.it be referred to a
select committee ; I do not expect any action'
upon it at this session, but with a view that the
select committee may turn their attention to
the subject and report early iu the next ses-
sion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Of how
many shall the committee be composed?
Mr. SHERMAN. Seven, to be appointed
by the Chair. The committees' to whom the
matter woidd naturally be referred haveagreat
deal of business on hand.
The PRESIDENTjwtepore. It is moved
that the bill be referred to a select committee
to consist of seven members.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I also move that the bill
be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Messrs. Siiep.max, Sumxer, Chandler, Ram-
sey, Stewart, Buckalew, and Vickers were
appointed the committee.
ONEIDA INDIANS
Mr. HOWE submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Jiesolved, That the Secretary of tho Interior be
directed to inform the Senate whether he has issued
any order or adopted any reflation prohibiting the
individuals of the Oneida tribe of Indians from cut-
ting: and removing timber from the common lands
of the tribe; and if so, under what laws such prohi-
bition is sanctioned, and what penalties are imposed
for a violation of such rule. Also, if he has author-
ized tho agent of said tribe to sell such timber and
take pay therefor; and what security he has taken
of snch agent for the proper disposition of tho pro-
ceeds of such sales.
CHOCTAW AND CHICKASAW INDIANS.
Mr. HARLAN submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of tho Interior be
requested to furnish the Senate, as soon as practica-
ble, any information in his possession relative to the
present status of the claims of loyal Choctaw and
Chickasaw Indians, under the forty-ninth article of
the treaty with those tribes of April 28,1868, and to
inform the Senate what moneys or seeuiities are held
by the United States for said tribes.
REMOVAL OP POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
10-5!).
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1059) to relieve
certain citizens of North Carolinaofdisabilities.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, there are
before the Senate several reports from the
Judiciary Committee on this subject; one to
relieve citizens of North Carolina 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Would it
not be well to have the bill read first?
Mr. STEWART. Allow me one word of
explanation. There have been reported from
the committee several propositions of this sort;
a bill to remove disabilities from citizens of
North Carolina, and also, a bill to remove dis-
abilities from citizens of Alabama. The com-
mittee have considered a large number of other
names in an informal way, arid I desire to pro-
pose, iu lieu of the bill that is before the {Sen-
ate, an amendment, in the nature of a substi-
tute, containing a variety of names. I twill be
unnecessary, therefore, to read the original bill.
The substitute that I offer contains all the
names embraced in the bill, and also combines
all the bills that have been reported, and those
that have been s«nt to the Judiciary Commit-
tee on this subject.
Hie PIlESi'lJENT pro tempore. The read-
ing of the original bill will be dispensed with
unless it is called for by some Senator, and
the substitute only will be read.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the
amendment, which was to strike out all after
the enacting clause of the bill and to insert
the following in lieu thereof:
(Two thirds of each House concurring therein,)
That a! 1 legal and political disabilities imposed by
theUnited State-* upon tho following-named citizens
of North Carolina in consequence of participation
in the recent rebellion be, arid the same are hereby,
removed, namely :
Franklin county: A. M.Timbcrlakc, W. S.Harris,
E. A. Crudup, and Green H. Grupton.
"Wake county: William II. Harrison, Willey D.
Jones, Albert Johnson, Jacob Sorrell, Hilliard J.
Smith, C. L. Harris, and W. R. Richardson.
Pittcounty: JosephStaten.Lewisllilliard, Charles "j
J. O'lLucan, Calvin Cox, James C. Langley, and lj
Charles Roundtree. i;
Halifax county: Charles N. Webb, John O'Brien
John T. Gregory, George W. Owen*. John A. Reed,
and J. X. Evans. #
Beaufort countv: Samuel T. Carrow, Hiram E.
Stillcy, William B. Rodman. George L. Windley,
Howard Wiswall, Edmund Hodges. Luther Ruff
Jesse G. Bryan, Edward J. Warren, Edward S. HoyL
Samuel Windley, John B. Respass, Henry Hodges
Jesse llobason. and William A. Blount.
New Hanover county: David Bunting, Edward
Kidder, Silas N. Martin, James H. Chadbotirne,
George Chadbourne, George Hooper, James Alder-
man, and L. H. Bowden.
Stanley county: Joseph Marshall, James E. Mai-
den, Dumas Coggms, Daniel Hiehey, La Fayette
Green, Allen Burris, Franklin A. Laltou, and John
A. Morton.
Davidson county: Evander Davis, Emory Davis,
Ephraim Hampton, Green H. Lee, David Loftin,
Willis Cceil, and Henderson Adams.
Person county: John D. Wjlkerson.
Caldwell eou"nty: Loyd T. Jones. William M. Bar-
ber, A. W. Austin, Samuel McCall, Washington
Moore, James M. Barber, Robert B. Bogle, and
llosea Bradford.
Wilson county: George W. Blount, Newett D.
Owens, "William D. Farmer, John Wilkinson, and
Francis W. Taylor.
Forsyth county: Joseph S. Phipps, John G. Sides,
John M. Stolts, Israel Moses, William Clinard, E. A.
Volgar, William B. Stipe, and Allen Spach.
Transylvania county: Jeremiah Osborne, J. C.
Duckworth. Samuel Reed, Robert Hamil on, J. W.
Clayton, William R. Galloway, Perry Orr, Isaac
Harris, R. P. Kilpatnck, and G. C. Neil.
Henderson county: Benjamin Williams, James M.
Justice. William D. Whined, James Spann, R. J.
Allen, M. Owenby, John C. Gulick, M. 15. Lance, D.
M. Justice, Leander Pace, William K. Leadbetter,
Bedford Brown, S. 11. Stancill, G. P. Edney, Thomas
Osten, S. B. 0. McCall, and David Stradley.
Guilford county: WilliamM. Mebanc, Joseph Has-
kins, Wyatt ltagsdale, Robert P Dick, Frederick
Fentress, Calvin Causey, George W. Bowman, Kew-
ton D. Woody, Barnabas Pane, John Hyatt, John
W. Kirkman, Andrew C. Murrow. Abraui Clapp,
David Grecson, and Robert M. Stafford.
Alamance county: Joseph C. Thompson, Nathaniel
Stout, William P. McDaniel, Simpson Ve&tle, James
Albright, and Henry Boon.
Lincoln county: Rutua Clarke, W. B. Bynum, and
Ilenry Wilkinson.
Bladen county: Dugald Blue and Calvin Jones.
Wilkes county: R. M. Smith, John M. Blown,
James F. Tugman, Andiew Porter, Samuel P. Smith,
sen., John F. Parker, Isaac S. Call, llarrold Hays,
Ambrose Wiles, Toliver Shoumate, William E. Rey-
nolds, Emanuel Harrold, James H. Hays, Caivm J.
Cowles.
Cleveland county : James0. Bridges, Andrew Par-
ker, David Hall, Henry Wortman, A. W. Gowms,
John Cook, Lewis Donnss, and J. 0. Ryers.
Cumberland county: Robert Urreii.A. (*. Thorn-
ton, Duncan G. McCormick, and Robert Mitchell.
Sampson county: Caeton Cessoms, Robeit Cam,
Clifton Ward, Amos N. Hall, "William Cessoins, Rob-
ertson Ward, and Loienzo D. Hall.
Cateret county: Malvin J. Da\is, W. J. Doughty,
and John C. Munson.
Duplin county: William E. Hill and Thomas Iv.
Murphy.
Currituck county: M. V. B. Gilbert, M. D. Lind-
say. and W. D. Chadctick.
Alexander couniy: Hubert Carson, R, 0. Benner,
W. W. Stafford, William S. Teague, Eiisha Bobber,
Gabriel Marshall, William M. Bogie, Thomas J".
Dula, Daniel Moore. George W. Long, James J.
Teague, Andrew C. Watts, P. D. Reece, F. A. Camp-
bell, and J. N. Carson.
Mecklenburg county: II. W. Pritchard, William
R. Myers, Robert McExven, Jeremiah S. Reed, lluius
Barrmger, Robert M. Martin, and Alex. Melvex*.
Camden county: Isaac Aiorriset, John M.Foibes,
A. P. Cherry, George W. Spencer, and James W.
Chamberlain.
Edgecombe county: William S. Battle, Redden 3.
Petway, John J. Killebrc-w, William II. Knight,
Jesse Mercer, Exum L. Mooie, Thuinas Noiiket,
Llewollen Harrold, W. H. Johnson, Joseph Cobb, 11.
W. Proctor, William W. Parker, John Nodleet,
Henry E. Odom, John W. Johnson, Micajah P,
Edwards, Lawrence Bunting, Robert Noriieet, and *
Napoleon B. Bellamy,
Alleghany county: William A. Brooks, Morgan
Biyan, A. Marion fcmith, William Andrews, Nathan
Weaver, Goldman Higgings, L. M. Blackburn, Reu-
ben Sparks, llugh Hanks, John Parlous, John A.
Jones, Solomon Stamper, nnd Alexander Black.
Ashe county : John Williams
Hyde county: Sylvester MoUowan, James G. Car-
rowan, Geoige V. Credle, W. 13. Tooiey, and Joseph
P. Flowers.
Iredell county: Thomas llolcomb, E. B. Stimpson,
and Henry C. Cowles.
Wayne county: Curtis H. Brogden and John C.
Rhodes.
Stokes county: John II. Shaffer, A. H. Joyce,
Aquiila Mooie, William V. Shelton. J. R. Jewett,
Ambrose Jessup, Ira Gentry, James Harris, J. B.
^ ounff, J. J. Martin, Eaton B. Terrell, W. B. Vaughn,
and William Gordon.
Perqumans county: Nathan B. Cox, Robert J;
White, and Jonathan W. ASbeitson.
Yadkin county : Moses Gross. Meekins Castioens,
xhomas Hanes, George Long, E. C. biown, Aquiila
Speer, Thomas F. Martin, Samuel C. Weeh, Winston
Fluiniug, James II. Myers. H. Tiiomason, J. N. Ves-
tal, Jesse Reives, Sexton Jones, Moses Chappell, S.
Speerc, Jonathan Waggoner, George NtS, David
llutchins, J.S.Jones, William W. Patterson, George
D. Williams, Barnett C. Myeis, William H. Rodwell,
T. L. Tulbert, John D. Holcomh, R. M. Pearson, and
Jesse Lackey.
Harnett county: James S. Harrington, John F.
Shaw, Neil McLeod, Robert A. Norden, James
Hodge, John Harrington, James M. Turner, and A.
J. Tudington.
Northampton county: William Barrow, John B.
Odom, Noah R. Odom, David A. Barnes, Jesse W.
Grant, Jesse Fly the, Samuel Calvert, sen., Samuel J.
Calvert, and George Holloman.
