1128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
Mr. BANKS. I decline, because the prop-
osition of the gentleman embodies ill the laws
of tins country the English theory of allegiance
and expatriation. 1 cannot consent that that
should be done.
Mr.. JENCKES. Allow me a moment to
explain it.
, ^^fS- 1 have no objection to that,
but his bill declares in terms that the right of
expatriation be, and hereby is, acknowledged
to be the law by the Government of the United
States. That is the doctrine of Lord Palmer-
ston,. and I cannot consent to such a declara-
tion in legislating upon this question.
Mr. JUDD. \\ ill the gentleman allow me
to make a suggestion?
Mr. BANKS. I yield for a suggestion.
Mr. J U DI). I suggest to the chairman of
the committee that there is no one question
before this House that involves more public
interest than that of the protection of natural-
ized citizens. I agree with him perfectly that
we should not declare the English law even by
implication. For that reason, and the ques-
tion being comparatively new, I think mem-
bers of the House should have a full and com-
plete opportunity to express their opinions
upon a question so important as this, involving
the rights, as the chairman of the committee
has shown by his report, of millions of our cit-
izens^ Hence, when we arrive at the final
conclusion of the matter, it should be such
action as we can all stand by upon all occa-
sions. ] concur with the gentleman fully that
we should not in any shape or form enact or
recognize the existence of the British doctrine
on this subject.
One word further. I had, at the close of my
remarks made.the other day, intended to offer
some declaration of principles. I desire to
pat them before the House in some form, and
before the previous question is seconded I hope
I shall have an opportunity to present them to
the consideration ot the House, my idea being
that a declaratory resolution of what the law
always has been is the proper legislative action
upon this question.
Mr. BANKS. 1 now yield to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. BOYER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man whether he has any objection that a vote
should be taken upon the proposition submitted
by me the other day, which 1 think avoids the
objection he has to the bill proposed by the
gentleman from Rhode Island, [Mr. Jexckes?]
My measure is simply a declaratory resolution
that naturalized citizens should receive the
same protection by our Government in foreign
countries as native-born citizens, coupled with
the request that the President of the United
States investigate and report promptly to the
House any invasion of the rights of American
citizens abroad.
Mr. BANKS. I cannot yield to the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Boyish,] because it is to substitute for this bill,
which is a bill of action, as we understand it,
a direction or request to the executive depart-
ment of this Government to make inquiry and
see what has been done in this matter. I
now yield to the gentleman from California.
Mr. HIGBY- I wish to mako a proposi-
tion to the House, that we have an evening
session ; that at half past four o'clock we take
a recess till half past seven, and have the even-
ing session devoted to debate upon this bill,
confining the speeches each to twenty minutes,
and that without disturbing its relation in the
House.
Mr. BANKS. This question will come up
in another form once or twice, and the debate
cam be continued and must be continued. I
now yield to my colleague.
Mr. BUTLElt. Mr. Speaker, I put before
the House some days since a proposition upon
the doctrine of expatriation which is not open
to the objection stated by the learned chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and
that proposition is a declaration that the very
theory of this Government, framed as it was
and composed of colonists and immigrants,
perpetually declares, and always has declared,
that there is a right of expatriation in any cit-
izen. That is not the English doctrine ; it is
exactly contrary to the English doctrine. It
is the American doctrine, and it is time that it
was declared. I then say further that we shall
allow every citizen of ours to go abroad and
expatriate himself, whenever he chooses, if not
tainted with crime; and every citizen of any
foreign State may come here and expatriate
himself and become a part of us when he
chooses, if untainted with crime ; and that we
ought to give equal protection to every citi-
zen, whether native born or naturalized, where-
ever he may be found on the globe, and that it
is our duty, after demand and refusal to show
good cause, to stop all commercial and diplo-
matic intercourse.
Mr. BANKS. I have already stated to the
House that I am willing to admit a vote on the
proposition the gentleman has made in regard
to non-intercourse; but 1 suggest to him that
the doctrine of his resolution is precisely the
doctrine of Lord Palmerston and other Eng-
lish statesmen, that this is a question that the
Government has a right to control—that it may
confer this right or deny it—and that is a doc-
trine which 1 do not wish to see admitted. I
yield now to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Baker. ]
Mr. BAKER. I wish to submit, for the in-
formation of the House and the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Baxks,] a proposi-
tion that I would like to have a vote upon.
Mr. BANKS. J cannot yield for that.
Mr. BAKER.. Let it be read.
Mr. 3>ANKS. 3 will yield to have it read.
The Clerk read Mr. Baker's proposed amend-
ment, as follows:
> Be it rnncted hv flic Senate and Home of Representa-
tives of the United States of A iiierict tn Congress assem-
bled, Thattho nghtot expatriation, like the rights
of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, is a
natural and inalienable right.
2. And be if. farther enacted, That when, in
tho bona .fide exercise of tho rights of expatriation
and naturalization, citizens or subjects of any foreign
State have heretofore become, or shall hereafter
become, eitizcns of the United States, such natural-
ized citizens are citizens of the United States to
all intents and purposes whatsoover, and aa such
are of right entitled to receive from this Government,
and shall receive, the same protection of life, lib-
erty, and property that is accorded to native-born
citizens of tho United States in like situation and
circumstances.
Sec. 3._ And be it further enacted, That the United
States will, at all hazards, extend full and complete
protection to its native-born and naturalized citi-
zens, and will oxerciso the same jealous care and put
forth Ibo same measure of energy in the protection
of the rights of its naturalized as of its native-born
citizens.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That to the end
tnat the rights of American citizens in foreign coun-
trios may cease to be questioned, and that the pc.ico
of nations may be preserved, it is hereby declared to
be tho duty of the Executive of this Government to
insist energetically and without delay upon the rec-
ognition of the foregoing rights by other Govern-
ments, and paitioularly to interpose with like prompt-
itude and energy, upon tho basis of the principles
declared in this act, in tho behalf of all American
citizens whose rights may be infringed by or under
the authority of any foreign State; and to lay before
Congrcfs as early as practicable, and from time to
time, the results of such interposition, together with
the facts involved in the eases which may now exist ■
or hereafter arise of infringement of the principles !
of this act by or under the authority of any forenm '
State.
Mr. BANKS. I yield now for five minutes
to tho gentleman from Rhode Island, [Mr.
.Texckf.s,]
Mr. JENCKES. Mr. Speaker, I would not
trespass upon the time ol the House at this
stage of the discussion if the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Baxks] had not under-
taken to give a character to the proposition
which I have introduced which, in my View, is
entirely erroneous. [ have attempted simnly
to state some plain rules which shall be the pub-
lic law of this country with regard to its citi-
zens abroad, making no distinction between
native and naturalized citizens. Citizenship is
a unity not divisible; not to be characterized by
the quality of the person or the place from which
he comes. This bill proposes to declare the
rights of American citizens and to insure them
protection through all parts of tho world. The
first proposition is by no means the law of Eng-
land with regard to expatriation and naturaliza-
tion, if 1 understand that law. On the contrary,
it is the direct opposite to the law of England
with regard to the right of expatriation. Jt is,
sir, the old Roman law, stated as nearly as it
can possibly be to the propositions of that law
when translated into the English language. Ifc
declares that the rights of expatriation and nat-
uralization are inherent rights of American cit-
izens precisely as those rights were declared to
be the inherent rights of citizens of Rome-
Tho Roman law made 110 distinction with regard
to citizens on account of their birth-place. It
mattered not to the right of protection of the
Roman cilizen whether he was born in Rome
or in Asia Minor, in Gades or in Tarsus, in
Smyrna or in Agrigentum ; he was a Roman
citizen in every part of the Roman world, and
among all nations. So this declaration places
all citizens upon the same footing here and else-
where throughout the world.
Tho second proposition states how that citi-
zenship may be lost; and in this respect it
coincides entirely with the general law of
Europe, being copied fiom the Code Napoleon—
the spirit of all the continental laws. '
The third proposition declares the protection
to which American citizens are entitled. In
this respect it is a declaration of the law of
nations—that which ought to be a part of the
public law of every civilized nation. It in
plain terms sets forth what that protection shall
be. The exceptional cases are also set forth
with definiteness. The specification of sonae
of these may be considered unnecessary. I
should be willing to leave a portion of them to
the discretion of the State Department, to be
defined by the rules of that Department, and
to be recognized by it and by the representa-
tives of this Government all over the world.
The last proposition shows how citizenship,
when once lost, may be reacquired—not by the
person becoming naturalized again, but by his
simply making a formal authentic declaration
of that intention before some court of the
United States.
Ihe English law, to which the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs has referred,
recognizes naturalization, but in no instance
recognizes the right of expatriation. When
our laws began to be framed and interpreted
after the Revolution, we adopted rules of natu-
ralization under the power conferred upon
Congress by the Constitution to pass such laws;
but at no time has the Congress of the United
States undertaken to declare under what cir-
cumstances expatriation may take place.
_ Now, if we are to meet nations of the earth
in negotiations upon the public law on this sub-
ject, it seems to me the wisest course for us to
pursue is to place ourselves upon the plane of
the largest proportion of those nations. By
adopting this general declaration we step at
once upon the platform of all Europe except
England. \\ e therefore avoid nineteen twen-
tieths of the difficulties of diplomacy by har-
monizing our public law in this regard with
the laws of European nations.
I [Here the hammer fell.]
i f repl? to ^le gentleman
from Rhode Island, [Mr. Jexckes,] I have
| only to read irom his bill, which will show that
, the statement I have made in regard to it is
i exactly correct. His bill provides that "the
I ngjoot expatriation be, and hereby is, declared
| o°f be of the public law of the United
1 doctrine corresponds with the English
Mr. JLNCKKS. ^ ill the gentleman allow
me to make an inquiry?
Mr. BANKS. Of coffrse, I must alio# the
gentleman to^make an explanation.
Mr.JKNOKKS. An inquiry, not an ex-
pianahon. Vu]l the gentleman state where
. iiere is sue a a declaration in the English law-
many statute, in any decision, in any letter
wntten by any minister of foreign affairs, in
any o.neia! public document?
ilr. BANKS. It does not matter in what
manner the English law ia slated. It is enough
