THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9*5
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Now, you say that subsequently
you read a printed newspaper copy of the
speech in the Washington Chronicle?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. When was it that you read that
newspaper copy ?
Answer. On the morning of the publication,
August 19, Sunday morning.
Question. "Where were you when you read it ?
Answer. I presume I was at my room. I
generally saw the Chronicle there.
Question. And you there read it?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. From this curiosity that you had?
Answer. Yes. I read it more carefully be-
cause of that reason.
Question. Had you before you your phono-
graphic notes, or your written transcript from
them?
Answer. I had not.
Question. And had not seen and have never
seen them in comparison with the newspaper
copy before you?
Answer. No, sir.
Reexamined by Mr. Manager Butler:
Question, (handing to the witness a bound
volume of the Washington Daily Chronicle.)
Have yon before you a copy of the Sunday
Morning Chronicle of the 10th of August,
1866?
Answer. I have.
Question. Look upon the page before you
and see if you can find the speech as yon re-
ported it?
Answer. I find it here, sir.
Question, Look at that speech, look at it a
little carefully, and tell me whether you have
any doubt that that is a correct report, a ver-
batim report of the speech of Andrew John-
son on that occasion; and if so, what ground
have you for doubt?
Mr. EVARTS. Mr. Chief Justice, we ob-
ject to that as a mode of proving the speech.
It is apparent that there is a report of this
speech, and that it has been written out, and
that is the best and most trustworthy evidence
of the actual speech as made. In all legal
proceedings we are entitled to that degree of
accuracy and trustworthiness which the nature
of the case admits; and whenever evidence
of that degree of authenticity is presented,
then for the first time will arise the considera-
tion of whether the evidence itself is com-
petent and should be received. Now, it is
impossible to contend, upon the testimony of
this witness, as it stands at present, that he
remembers the speech of the President so that
he can produce it by recital, or so that he can
say upon any memorandum of his own shown
him (for none is shown) that from memory he
can say it is the speech. What is offered?
The same kind of evidence, and that alone,
which would grow out of some person who
heard the President deliver the speech, and
subsequently read in the Chronicle the report
of it, that he thinks that report was a true state-
ment of the speech : for this witness has told
us distinctly that reading this speech from
curiosity to see how it would appear when re-
produced, without the ordinary guarantees of
accuracy he had neither his original notes
nor his written transcript, and he read the news-
paper as others would read it, but with more
care, from this degree of cuiiosity which he
had. If the true character of a production
of this kind, as imputed to its author, is to be
regarded as important, wc insist that this kind
of evidence concerning a newspaper report of
it is not admissible.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Mr. President, if
I understand there is no question of degree of
evidence. We must take the business of the
world as we find it, and must not burrow our-
selves and insist that we have awoken up a
hundred years ago. The art of stenography
and stenographic writing and phonography has
progressed to a point which makes us rely upon
it in all the business of life. There is not a
gentleman of this Senate who does not rely
upon it every day. There is not more than
one member of the Senate who in this trial is
taking notes of the evidence. Why? Because
you rely upon the busy fingers of the reporter
who sits by my side to give yon a transcript of
it, upon which you must judge. Therefore,
in every business of life, ay, in the very busi-
ness of this court, we rely upon stenography.
Now, this gentleman says that he made a
stenographic report of that speech; that that
was jointly made up by himself, Mr. Sheridan,
and Mr. Smith; that his employer, not being
satisfied with that joint report, which was the
President's utterance distilled through the
alembic of Colonel Moore's critical discrim-
ination, he drew out with care an exact literal
transcript under the chiding of his employer,
and for'a given purpose; and that the next
day, having curiosity to see what would be the
difference, and how the President of the Uni-
ted States would appear if put to paper lite-
rally, he examined that speech in the Chronicle,
and then with the matter fresh in his mind,
only a few hours intervening, with his atten-
tion freshly called to it, he said then be knew
that that was a correct copy; that that was the
correct speech.
Now, the learned counsel say the manuscript
is the better evidence. If there was any evi-
dence that that manuscript had been preserved
perhaps we might be called upon to produce it
in some technicality of criticism of law as ad-
ministered in a very technical manner. But
who does not know the ordinary course of busi-
ness, and, if that is to be disputed, I will ask the
witness ; but who does not know that the ordi-
nary course of business in a newspaper office,
after such manuscripts are got through with, is
to throw them into the waste-paper basket;
they are not preserved. Therefore I act upon
that usual and ordinary and common under-
standing of the business of life as all courts
must act upon it.
Then this is a question for the witness, and
he testifies. The question that was objected
to, the one we are discussing, is, looking at
that report, from your knowledge of the re-
port, having twice written it out, portions of it
certainly, and from having seen it the next
morning, with your curiosity awakened, can
you tell the Senate whether that, is a correct
report? Thereupon the learned counsel for
the President gets up and says he cannot. How
does the learned counsel for the President
know that? IIow does he know that Mr. Cle-
phaneisnotone of those gentlemen who, in his
profession, having once road a speech can re-
peat it the next day ?
The difficulty is that I do not see how Ihe
objection arises. The question I put to the
witness is a plain one. " Sir, there is what I
say is a copy of that speech, is a transcript of
that speech; from your knowledge, having
heard it, having written it down in short-hand,
having written it once for correction by the
President's Private Secretary, and then having
rewritten it again from your notes for publica-
tion in the Chronicle, and then having exam-
ined it immediately after publication—from all
these sources of knowledge can you say that
that is a correct copy?" Thereupon the coun-
sel for the President says you cannot? How
does he know that the witness cannot repeat
every word of it ?
The difficulty is the objection does not apply;
and I should have contented myself with this
statement except that, once for all, I propose to
put before the Senate, so as not ever to have
to argue it again in the course of putting in
this class of testimony, the argument as to
stenographic reporting. Now, allow me to
state, once for all. two authorities upon this
point, because I am not going to take the time
of the Senate with arguing these questions
hereafter, for by doing so. 1 should play into
the hands of this delay which has been so often
attempted here. In 0' Connell's case, to prove
his speeches on that great trial, the newspapers
were introduced ; and no trial was ever fought
with more sharpness or bitterness—newspapers
were introduced containing Mr. G'Connell's
speeches, or what purported to be his speeches,
and the only proof adduced was that they had
been properly stamped and issued from the
office, and the court held that Mr. O'Connell,
allowing those speeches to go out without con-
tradiction for months, must be held to be
responsible for them to the public.
In the trial of* James Watson, for high trea-
son, reported in 32 State Trials, this question
arose, and the question was whether a copy
mi^ht be used, that copy made even of partially
obliterated short-hand notes :
"Mr. Attorney General, (to Mr. Bowling.) You
state that you took in short-liand the address of Mr.
Watson to the pcoplo?
"I did."
" Havo you your short-hand notes here?"
"I have."
" Be so good as to read to my lords and the jury
what it was he said?"
"Mr. WetherM. Pray, Mr. Short-hand AVriter,
when did you take that noto?"
"I took it on the 2d of December, in Spafields."
" When did you copy it out?"
" I copied it out the same evening."
"Is that tho copy you made that evening ?"
" No; itis not. This isthe short-hand note I took,
and this is a literal copy; the short-hand note I took
with a pencil, and in tho crowd, and, perhaps, having
been taken six months' back, it may be somewhat
defaced: but I can read the short-hand noto with a
little difficulty, though certainly X could read the
transcript with more ease; I will read the short-hand
note if it is wished."
" Mr. Justice Abbott. You made that transcript the
same evening?"
*' I made this transcript yesterday; I made another
transcript the samo evening."
And he was allowed to read his transcript.
While this authority is not exactly to the point
of difference raised here, I say I put it in once
for all upon the question, because I have heard
a cross-examination as to tho merits of Pit-
man's system of short-hand writing as if we
were to have it put in controversy here, that the
whole system of stenography was an unavail-
able means of furnishing information. There-
fore my present proposition is the right to put
this question: Mr. Witness, looking at that,
can you tell me whether that is a correct tran-
script of the speech made by the President?
Mr. EVAIiTS. The learned Manager is
quite correct in saying that I do not know but
that this witness can repeat from memory the
President's speech; and whenever he offers
him as a witness so to do I will not object. It
is entirely competent for a person who has heard
a speech to repeat it under oath, he asserting
that he remembers it and can do so, and when-
ever Mr. Clephane undertakes that feat it is
within the competency of evidence. What suc-
cess he will have in it we shall determine when
that experiment has been tried. That method
of evidence from this witness is not attempted,
but another form of trustworthy evidence is
sought to be made competent; that is, that by
his notes, and through his transcript of those
'notes, he is able to present, under his present
oath and belief in his accuracy and compe-
tency as a reporter, this form of evidence.
Whenever that is attempted we shall make no
objection to that as trustworthy.
But when the Managers seek to avoid re-
sponsibility and accuracy through the oath of
the witness applied in either form, and seek to
put it, neither upon present memory nor upon
his own memoranda, but upon the accui-aey
with which he has followed or detected inac-
curacies in a newspaper report made the sub-
sequent day, and thereupon to give credit and
authenticity to the newspaper report upon his
wholesale and general approval of it, then we
must contend that the sacred right of free-
dom of speech is sought to be invadedby over-
throwing certainly one of the responsible and
important protections of it; and that the rule
requiring the oath of somebody who heard and
can remember, or, according to the rules of
evidence, preserved the aids and assistances
by which he presently in the court of justice
may speak, should be adhered to. And we are
not to be told that it is technical to maintain
in defense of what has been regarded as one
of the commonest and surest rights in any free
country'—freedom of speech, that whenever it
is drawn in question it shall be drawn in ques-
tion upon the surest and most faithful evidences.
