SUPPLEMENT TO
The learned Manager lias said that you are
familiar, as a part of the daily routine of your
congressional duties, with the habit of steno-
graphic reporting and reproduction in the
newspapers, and that you rely on it habitually;
and I may add rely on it habitually to be
habitually misled. Correction is the first dp-
mand of every public speaker—correction and
revision, in order that this apparatus, depend-
ing upon the ear and the sudden strokes of the
ready-writer, may not be the firm judgment
against him of what was said by him. Now,
when sedulously this newspaper has under-
taken that no suelx considerations of accuracy
shall be afforded to the President of the United
States in respect of this speech to be spread
before the country, but that express orders
shall be given that it shall be reported with all
its imperfections 
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I pray correction,
sir. I have not sedulously done that; but
offer it that the speech of the President's Pri-
vate Secretary should not go before the
country.
Mr. EVARTS. The instructions of the
editor were that it should be reported "with
all its imperfections" as caught by the short-
hand writer, without the opportunity of that
revision which every public speaker at the
hustings or in the halls of debate demands as
a primary and important right. Whenever,
therefore, Mr. Clcphane shall rise and speak
from memory the speech of the President here,
swearing to its accuracy, or whenever he shall
reduce his notes and their transcript as in
tVarson's case, some foundation for the proof
of the speech will have been laid. '
Mr. Manager CUTLER. Stand down, Mr.
Clephane, for a moment. I will offer this
directly. Now I will call Mr. Tinker.
Charles A. Tinker recalled.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The witness
states that he desires to make an explanation,
lie will make it.
Tim Witness. Yesterday when called upon
the stand I was attending to my duties in
charge of the telegraph office in the gallery; I
had not a moment's notice that I was to be
called. I then telegraphed to my ofiice for
the documents contained in packages that
were there, which 1 had been previously
examined about before the Managers. These
documents were brought to me by a boy from
the ollice, and I put them upon the stand.
Last night, when taken from the stand I
deposited them 111 the office of the Seigeant-
at-Anus, and this morning brought one of
these packages upon the stand, and I opened
it here, supposing it to bo the one on which I
was to be examined. As I saw that the
reporters were in trouble about it, I thought I
had made a mistake, and I consequently went
to my office after Mr. Clephane came upon the
stand, and I have now the speech of the Presi-
dent telegraphed by the agent of the Asso-
ciated Press on the 18th of August, 1800.
Mr. STANBERY. Mr. Tinker, what docu-
ment was that General Butler handed you ?
Answer. This is one of the documents.
Mr. STANBERY. Is that the speech of the
lSih of August, at all?
Answer. This is not the speech of the 18th
of August.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. That is the 22d of
February speech, is it? [Laughter.]
Mr. S PANBERY. No matter what it is.
The Witness. I have not looked to see what
this is.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. You will find out
what that document is in good time.
Mr. STANBERY. You had better put it in
"in good time."
Mr. Manager BUTLER. It was simply a
mistake. [To the witness.] Nowgivemethe
document 1 asked for?
The Witness Yes, sir. [Producing a roll
of manuscript,]
By Mr. Manager Butleii :
Question. Is this the document you supposed
you were testifying about before?
Answer. This is.
Question. Do you give the same testimony
about that that you did 
Mr. CURTIS and Mr. STANBERY. That
will not do. Let us have his testimony about
this.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Well, sir, we will
give all the delay possible. [To the witness.]
Now, sir, will you tell us whether that was
sent through the Associated Press?
Answer. It bears the marks of having been
sent, and is filed with their dispatches of that
date.
Quest,ion. From the course of business of
your ofiice, have you any doubt that it was so
sent?
Answer. None whatever.
Mr. CURTIS. We object to that. If the
witness can say it was sent from any knowledge
he has, of course he will say so. He cannot
reason on facts.
Mr. Manager BUTLER, (to the witness.)
After that speech^was sent, if it was, did you
see it published in the Associated Press reports ?
Answer. I cannot state positively; I think I
did.
Question. Was that brought to your ofiice
for the purpose of being transmitted, whether
it was or not?
Answer. I did not personally receive it; but
it is in the dispatches of the Associated Press
sent on that day.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. That is all at
present. Now we will recall Mr. Sheridan.
James B. Siieridan recalled.
By Mr. Manager Butler :
Question, (handing to the witness the man-
uscript >last produced by Mr. Tinker.) Now,
examine that manuscript and see whether you
find any of your handwriting in it?
Answer, (having examined the manuscript.)
I see my writing here.
Question. What is it you have there?
Answer. I have a report of the speech made
by the President on the 18th of August.
Question. In what year?
Answer. Eighteen hundred and sixty-six.
Question. Have you ever seen Mr. Moore
write ?
Answer. A good many years ago, when he
was reporter for the Intelligencer and I re-
ported for the Washington Union, and we had
seats together.
Question. He was a reporter for the Intelli-
gencer, was he ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Are there any corrections made
in that report?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. I)o you see any corrections there?
Answer. Yres, sir.
Question'. Is that the manuscript which was
prepared in the President's office?
Answer. I think it is; I am pretty certain
it is.
Question. Have you any doubt in your mind ?
Answer. Not the least.
Question. Was the President there to cor-
rect it ?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Then he did not exercise that great
right of revision there, did he, to your knowl-
edge.
Answer. I did not see the President after he
left the East Room.
Question. Do you know whether Colonel
Moore took any memoranda of that speech?
Answer. I do not. There was quite a crowd
there. 1 had no opportunity of observing.
Question. Will you pick out and lay aside
the portions that are in your handwriting?
[The witness proceeded to do so.]
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I will give you
time to do that in a moment. [To the counsel
for the respondent.] Anything further with
this witness ?
No response.
Question. Do you think you have now all
that are in your handwriting?
Answer. Yes, sir.
[Selecting certain sheets and handing them
to Mr. Manager-Butler.]
Mr. EVARTS. We will now put a few
questions.
Cross-examined by Mr. Evarts :
Question. You have selected the pages that
are in your handwriting and have them before
you. How large a proportion do they make of
the whole manuscript?
Answer. I can hardly tell. I have not ex-
amined the rest.
Question. Well, no matter ; was this whole
manuscript made as a transcript from your
notes?
Answer. This part that I wrote out.
Question. Was the whole?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. The whole was not made from
your notes ?
Answer. No, sir; Mr. Clephane wrote his
part from his notes, and Mr. Smith from his.
Question. Then it is only the part that you
now hold in your hands that was produced
from the original stenographic notes that you
have brought in evidence here?
Answer. That is all.
Question. Did you write it out yourself from
your stenographic notes, following the latter "
with your eye, or were your notes read to you
by another person?
Ansioer. I wrote out from my own notes,
reading my notes as I wrote.
Question. Have you made any subsequent
comparison of the manuscript now in your
hands with your stenographic notes ?
Answer. I have not.
Question. When was this completed on your
part?
Ansioer. A very few minutes after the speech
was delivered.
Question. And what did you do with the
manuscript after you had completed it?
Answer. I hardly know. I sat at the table
there writing it out. and I think Mr. Smith
took it as I wrote out; I am not certain about
that.
Question. That ended your connection with
it ?
Answer. That ended my connection with it.
I left for New York the same night.
Question. I desire that you should leave your
original stenographic notes as part of the case
subject to our disposal?
' Answer. Certainly.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Put your initials
upon these papers.
The Witness. I will do so.
[The notes were marked ,!J. B. S."]
Mr. Manager BUTLER. One of my asso-
ciates desires me to put this question which I
suppose you have answered before : whether
that manuscript which you have produced in
your handwriting was a true transcript of your
notes of that speech?
Answer. It was. I will not say it was writ-
ten out exactly as it was spoken.
Question. What is the change, if any?
Answer. I do not know that there were any
changes, but frequently in writing out we ex-
ercise a little judgment. Y\re do not always
write out a speech just as it is delivered.
Question. Is that substantially a true version
of what the President said ?
Answer. It is undoubtedly.
Francis II. Smith sworn and examined.
By Mr. Manager Butler:
Question. Are you the official reporter of the
House of Representatives?
Ajiswer. I am, sir.
Question. How long have you been so en-
gaged ?
Answer. In the position I now hold since
the 5th of January, 1805.
Question. How long have you been in the
business of reporting?
Answer. For something over eighteen years.
Question. Were you employed, and if so by
whom, to make a report of the President's
i speech in August, 1866?
