1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
gestion of the Senator from Maine I agree;
and I shall vote for the recommendation of
the committee to strike oat the whole clause.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bucltalcw, Cattail, Conkling, Davis,
Dixon, Edmunds, Ferry, Fessenden. Frelinglmysen,
Hendricks, Johnson, McOreery, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Patterson of Tennessee,
Koss. Sherman, Stewart, Tipton, Trumbull, Wiiley,
and Williams—23.
NAYS—Messrs Cragin, Harlan, Howard, Patterson
of New Hampshire, Pomeroy, Sumner, Wade, and
Wilson—8.
ABSENT —Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cameron,
Chandler, Cole, Conness, Corbett, Doolittlc, Drake,
Fowler, Grimes, Henderson, Howe, Morgan, Morton,
Norton, ltamsey, Salisbury, Sprague, Thayer, Van
Winkle, Vickers, andYates—23.
So the amendment striking out the proviso
was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was under the head of "Bureau
of Navigation," after line one hundred and
twenty-three, to insert:
For books for libraries for vessels of war, and for
books and stationery for naval apprentices, 64,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and twenty-eight., to strike out " six " and
insert "three;" so that the clause will read :
For binnacles, pedestals, and other appurtenances
of ship's compasses, to be made in the yards, $3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and fifty-eight, after the word "offices"
to insert "and contingent expenses;" so that
the clause will read:
For freight and transportation of navigation ma-
terials, instruments, books, and stores, postage on
public letters, telegraphing on public business, ad-
vertising lor proposals, packing boxes and material,
blank-books, forms, and stationary at navigation
offices, and contingent expenses, 810,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was under the head of
"Expenses of Naval Academy," in lines one
hundred and sixty-one and one hundred and
sixty-two, to strike out " $73,001 " and insert
"$76,708;" so that the clause will read:
For pay of professors and others, $76,706.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and sixty-six, to reduce the appropriation
for contingent expenses of the Naval Academy
from $65,450 to §63,450.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line or.e hun-
dred and sixty-eight, to strike out the words
"and so forth."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and seventy, under the head "Naval
Academy," after the word "enginery," to in-
sert the words "and for pay of mechanics and
laborers," and in line one hundred and sev-
enty-one, to strike out the word " seven " and
insert "five ;" so that the clause will read:
For support of department of steam enginery, and
for pay of mechanics and laborers, $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out from
the appropriations for the Naval Academy the
following item in lines one hundred and sev-
enty-two and one hundred and seventy-three :
For pay of mechanics and others in same, $8,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment, was under the head of
" Expenses of Naval Observatory,'-' to strike
out line one hundred and eighty-two, in the
following words:
For salary of three aids, $4,000.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the chair-
man why the committee propose to strike out
that appropriation V
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. These persons
were not.deemed indispensable.
Mr. HENDRICKS. They are the persons
to take care of the Observatory.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
will see that this appropriation is under the
head of " Expenses of Naval Observatory," and
if. aids in any sense were necessary it was not
deemed necessary to have theui as officers
attached entirely to this particular bureau; but
for all the purposes that could be desired in
any case they might be detailed.
The PRESIDENT protempore put the ques-
tion on the amendment, and declared it to be
agreed to.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I believe nobody voted
in the affirmative, and I voted in the negative.
I am not quite satisfied that those three aids
ought to be stricken out. I remember that
last year I examined the question very care-
fully and came to the conclusion that it was
the cheapest way of carrying on the operations
there. It must be evident to everybody that
the head of that Observatory cannot get along
without some assistance. It was finally settled,
after a good deal of examination, that the
amount of assistance that was absolutely neces-
sary was three aids. I noticed that in the dis-
cussion of this bill this year in the House of
Representatives the same question was brought
up, and there was a communication presented
from the head of the Naval Observatory, and
the House came to the conclusion that three
aids were essential. I should like to hear
some good reason for striking them out.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. 1 have no spe-
cial information on the subject. By reference
to the book of estimates it will be seen that
the estimates are as follows:
"For salary of assistant astronomer, $2,500.
"Forsalary ot clerk, Si,500.
" For salary of three aids, per act of May 21,1S61,
$1,000."
I think that act of 1864 does not authorize ;
the appointment of any aids at all. I
Mr. FESSENDEN. It authorizes the ap- i
pointment of some assistants. I believe they J
had another name.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The conclusion i
to which the committee came was that the law
did not absolutely justify the appointment of
these persons as aids. That was the first
proposition.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a mere change
of name.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. And the next
was that, from the information which the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs
had, he believed they might be dispensed with.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 think he is mistaken.
I defer to his opinion on naval matters gen-
erally ; but on this subject of the Naval Observ-
atory there is nothing in the fact that, he is the
chairman of the Naval Committee to enable
him to understand it any better than other
people. I doubt very much whether the oper-
ations of the Naval Observatory can be carried i
on at all without these aids. You may as well j
abolish it at once unless you give some assist-
ance to the man who is at the head of it. It
was formerly given by that statute iu the shape j
of assistants, and under the name of assist- j
ants, but Congress finally came to the con- j
elusion that it would appropriate only a cer- j
tain amount for that purpose: and the way j
in which it was finally arranged was that the
amount before given to two—they wanted
another—should be given to three. The
amount appropriated was not increased, but
the number was increased, that number being
said to be quite essential.
Mr. IIENDl'lCKS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator if these are aids to the scientific examin-
ation ; or what are they?
Mr. FESSRX DEN. They are scientific men,
employed there with the astronomer.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is what I sup-
posed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But at very low rates;
and all of tliem, as I understand, are very
competent persons. It was thought by them-
selves, as there was a good deal of discussion
about it, that the amount appropriated had
better be divided among three. What is the
amount appropriated?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Only $4,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is only $4,000 for
the three.
Mr. HENDRICKS. One thousand three
hundred and thirty-three dollars apiece.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is alt; and they
are all scientific men ; young men, I believe,
mostly. _ I do not know perfectly about that,
but that is my strong impression. I am per-
fectly confident that their services are abso-
lutely essential to carry on the operations of
the Observatory. That was explained to the
satisfaction of the Committee on Finance last
year, and finally agreed upon; and the ques-
tion was raised in the House of Representa-
tives this year, and there was a communication
from the head of the Observatory on the sub-
ject read, which perfectly satisfied the House
that the appropriation was necessary. I do
not think any good reason can be found, unless
you wish to dispense with that institution alto-
gether, for withdrawing this small appropria-
ation for these three men. I hope the amend-
ment will not be concurred in. I am satisfied
it is erroneous.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have nothing
to justify the action of the committee. We
were referred in the estimates for these three
aids to the act of 1864, and I have that act
before me.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What act is that ? Is
that the appropriation bill ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; that is a
wrong reference. Go to the appropriation bill
of last year, and you will find that the refer-
ence should have been to the act of last year.
If you can find that it is authorized by law
anywhere, a wrong reference in the estimate
of appropriations is of no consequence at all.
We adopted it last year.
Mr._ MORRILL, of Maine. The authority
for it is not found in the reference. That is
what I mean to say.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; it is found
in the appropriation bill of last year, I think.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will look at
the bill for 1865.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Look at the very last
appropriation bill, passed at the second session
of the Thirty-Ninth Congress.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have not that
before me. In the act of 1865 I find the fol-
lowing :
"For wages of instrument maker, watchman, por-
ter, and laborers; keeping grounds in order, and
repairs to building and inclosures; fuel, lights, office
furniture, and stationery; and for freight, transport-
ation, postage, and incidental expenses, $12,000."
That is the appropriation for 1865 for this
particular service, and none of these officers
are included. They may have been appropri-
ated for somewhere else; but the committee
found no authority for an appropriation for
these aids, as aids, in the statute to which we
were referred.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think, after the ex-
planation that has been made, this appropria-
tion had better be allowed to remain in the bill.
I would rather economize in regard to that
institution at some other point than in the aid
that is given to the scientific examinations.
Mr. MORRILL, of'Maine. If the Senator
will allow me a moment, I will read the pro-
vision of last year, to which my colleague refers
me as authority, and it is in this language :
'Tor expenses of Naval Observatory, for pay of
assistant asrronomer, three aids, and clerk."
There you find it as lie said. 1 think that, is
the first time it appears.
Mr. FESSEX DEN. Very well. 1 say it
was arranged last year, after a great deal of
deliberation and discussion, and that is suffi-
cient authority for it this year.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It was appro-
priated for last, year, to which law the commit-
tee were not referred. That is the authority,
I suppose.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator from
Maine will allow me, it may have been done
with great deliberation last year; but it was
not done in the first instance, then, surely.
The act of 1804, to which reference is made iu
the estimates, contains this item :
" Naval Observatory: .
" For pav of assistant astronomer, three aids, ana
clerk, $i,000. nnd thereof rfmll be ejualJy
divided among the three aids as thoir salary.
