1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4203
$re navigable, is to be imperiled and obstructed
by narrow bridges.
Now, Mr. President, instead of reading from
the repudiated report of the Boomer Com-
pany, who have come up to the five hundred
feet span, and are now a part of the corpora-
tion building it, I will read from the report
made by Colonel Roberts, the officer now in
charge of the Ohio river removingobstructions.
You have appropriated in years past $8,000,000
to remove obstructions in the Ohio river, and
now we are asked to allow other obstructions
to be put in it. What does this officer say ?
This report is just made. He understands this
question. Here is what his conclusion is, and
there is not a more distinguished man in the en-
gineer corps than Colonel Roberts. He says:
"My convictions on this important subject are
basedon athoroughacquaintancewithit. X have no
interest whatever butthepublicinteresttosubserve,
and I do most emphatically give it as my opinion
that Congress will do a lasting benefit to the Amer-
ican people by now establishing the limit of space
between piers over the main channel of the Ohio
river at not less than live hundred ieet."
And that is the conclusion of the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads, a conclu-
sion that is forced by the evidence, for I sub-
mit lhat no man can read this testimony and
not agree to that conclusion. What do the
committee say? They sum up in this way :
" The committeoeonclude from the information be-
fore them—
" 1. That five hundred feet clear span across the
channel-way will aceominodato existing navigation
On theOhio, and thatless than live hunched feet clear
span will not.
"2. That such spans are practicable, anu can be
built at a less cost than biidgcs already constructed
in this country and across the Ohio river."
The science of bridge building has grown
in the last few years. Bridges are now built
from year to year that were regarded as im-
possibilities some few years ago. Those who
say that a five hundred leetspan cannot.be made
practicable are made old fogies in the bridge
building business. Here is the report of Gen-
eral Warren, in charge of the Mississippi river,
who has been making surveys for bridges and
for improvements around the rapids, an officer
standing almost at the head of the engineer
department in the employ of the Government.
What does ho say about it? I will read a
very brief extract from what he says. He sums
up in this way:
" My investigationssatisfy me that railroad bridges
spanscari be built of five hundrcdor even six hundred
ieet in length, without resorting to the suspension
plan, against which, howevor, I think only unrea-
sonable objections exist."
He says that they can be built of five or six
hundred feet without resorting to the suspen-
sion plan, and he says the objection to that
plan is unreasonable. Again, he says :
" In the last few years a great increase in our
knowledge and means of building piers and long
spans enables us to build them now with a touch
longer span and less expense than those built be-
fore."
Now, I call the attention of the Senate to
the question of cost. General Warren here
goes on to give an estimate of the cost of a
bridge across the Ohio river at Steubenville
■with a span of five hundred feet which will cost
$400,000 less than the Steubenville bridge
actually did cost. I assert that the best evi-
dence is to the effect that long-span bridges
of five and six hundred feet can be built at
the same cost, or at a less cost than bridges
with the three hundred feet span. You save
one pier in the river, and that is a very ex-
pensive thing; and then the suspension plan is
cheaper than the truss bridge or any other
bridge. The Senator says there is no example
of this kind. Why, sir, there is the bridge at
Cincinnati of ten hundred and fll'ty-eight feet
span which it is estimated can carry fifteen
thousand tons.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Is the Senator able
to state whether that is a railroad bridge?
Mr. MORTON. It is able, I understand,
to hold upon it at one time three hundred^ loco-
motives, if they could be piled on. It is not
a railroad bridge; but the bridge at Niagara
is, with a span of eight hundred and seventy-
eight feet. That bridge_ has-been in operation
thirteen years, and it is said to be now the
strongest and best bridge in the United States.
Here is the testimony showing that suspension
bridges can be built cheaper than any other
form of bridge, and there is no doubt of it.
Here is the opinion of General Warren, stand-
ing at the head of your engineer department,
just rendered before a committee of the Sen-
ate, that you can build bridges with a span of
five or six hundred feet perfectly safe, without
resorting to suspension bridges at all, by a
combination of the arch and the truss. There
is no doubt upon the question of practicability.
There is no engineering difficulty in the way.
So far as the cost is concerned, I will say to
my friend from West Virginia that the best
evidence is that they can build a bridge of five
hundred feet span cheaper than they canbtlild
the little bridge he is proposing to build at
Parkersburg. But let me say again, the ques-
tion of cost can scarcely be mentioned in this
connection.
Let me give the Senate for one moment,
especially those who are not familiar with Cin-
cinnati, some idea of the commerce of that
city. The number of steamboats running from
the city of Cincinnati, doing business between
that point and other points, is three hundred
and sixty-six; actual tonnage in tons, one
hundred and fifty-six thousand eight hundred
and thirty-two. The number of what they call
model barges, not including coal barges at all,
not including flat-boats, is ninety-one. The
actual tonnage in tons of the barges is twenty-
six thousand five hundred and forty; total in
tons one hundred and eighty-three thousand
three hundred and seventy-two. The average
number of trips annually is eighteen, the total
tonnage in tons annually is three million three
hundred thousand six hundred and ninety-six.
That is the commerce of the city of Cincinnati,
a city now with not less than two hundred and
fifty thousand inhabitants, and with an immense
commerce that the world scarcely knows any-
thing about. I have not got the data here in
regard to Pittsburg; but Pittsburg has as many
steamers, and she has an infinitely larger num-
ber of barges. Let me make a statement now
in regard to one item, and I will make it from
Colonel Roberts's report. I call the attention
of the Senate to what Colonel Roberts, the
engineer, says in regard to the business of the
Ohio on one point. I refer to the question of
coal:
"The quantity shipped from Pittsburg alone now
exceeds forty million bushels."
Then from Pomeroy and the towns below
there there are certainly forty million more;
making eighty million bushels of coal, an article
of prime necessity. Of the single item of coal,
eighty million bushels come from the upper
end of that river, supplying all the towns and
country down to the city of New Orleans, a
distance, I believe, of some twenty-two or
twenty-three hundred miles. Then there are
three million bushels of sp.lt. They start from
Pomeroy and in that neighborhood. Besides
all that, there is the great commerce of the
Ohio, estimated at $400,000,000 annually ; and
yet this is to be obstructed and to be diminished
for the sake of allowing two railroad companies
to build cheap bridges below Wheeling, at
Bellair, and at Parkersburg. I do not know
that it is necessary for me to say anything more.
The evidence, except of those interested in the
construction of these two roads, is entirely on
one side.
My friend from West Virginia thinks these
immense tows can pass through the short span
bridges, They have to wait and pass in the
day time. The de'ays are great and costly.
I have the affidavit of one coal dealer of Pitts-
burg who says that the delays at the Steuben-
ville bridge simply, without, reference to the
boats that have been destroyed, in one year
cost him §8.000 ; and the same rule applied to
other dealeis would make the costol delays in
one year from Pittsburg and Pomeroy and
along there about three hundred thousand dol-
lars. Now, sir, what does Colonel Roberts
say in regard to the Steubenville bridge? He
says:
"An ordinary tow of twelve barges, with six ia
front, has a frontage of one hundred and forty to
one hundred and fifty feet, and a. length, including
steamer, of four hundred to four hundred and fitty
feet. The piers of the Steubenville bridge are three
hundred feet apart. In daylight, with an experienced
pilot who understands the river at that particular
point, in its different stages, it can be safely passed.
When it is passed, however, telegrams are sent back
announcing the faet. because it is a constant source
of anxiety to the eoal merchants of Pittsburg."
Why, sir, when a tow passes the bridge it is
telegraphed back to Pittsburg that the tow is
below the bridge, that being an assurance of
safety to the owner of the tow. It is a great
thing to pass that bridge in safety, and, as
Colonel Roberts says, they send dispatches
back, to the owners notifying them that they
fiftve passed the point of danger.
One word more. My friend says that the
channel of the Ohio is only one hundred and
fifty or two hundred and fifty feet wide. I am
sorry that my friend's statements are in direct
conflict with the report of the engineers. It
may be that at low water, when these boats
are not running at all, the channel may be
said to be only one hundred and fifty or two
hundred and fifty feet wide; but at certain
stages of the water that last about six or seven
months in the year, there is a clear waterway
the whole way down of about eleven hundred
feet. At that stage of water when these boats
float, there is a clear waterway from Pittsburg
down to the falls of the Ohio river of about
eleven hundred feet. Why, sir, the very tow
that I refer to is two hundred and fifty feet
wide, and would never get through a channel
such as the Senator from West Virginia has
described.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Did the Senator say-
there was a fall of eleven hundred feet?
Mr. MORTON. No, sir. I say that accord-
ing to Colonel Roberts and General Warren
there is a clear waterway of eleven hundred
feet all the way.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Whereabouts is the
eleven hundred feet?
Mr. MORTON. The whole way as a general
thing. The deepest part may be only one hun-
dred and fifty or two hundred and fifty feet
wide. It is when the water rises and covers
the surrounding bars that we have a clear
waterway of eleven hundred to twelve hun-
dred feet. That is the testimony, and that is
the way we get these enormous tows down.
They do not navigate the river as they used to
do a few years ago. It is not by flatboats, hut
it is done by placing these great coal boats and
salt boats together, and then putting a stern-
wheel steamer behind them.
Now, sir, the whole country is interested in
this subject. It is a matter of vast interest
not only to those living in the valley of the Ohio,
but to the whole nation. The Ohio river is
not local; it is not sectional. It belongs to
the commerce of the nation; I might say to
the commerce of the world, because they have
built ships of war a„ Pittsburg which floated
down that river to the Gulf of Mexico, _ and
went upon the ocean. The navigation ot that
river is national. Its value is beyond compu-
tation, increasing every year ; and whatever
may be the cost of building these bridges, if
thev should cost four times or ten times as
much that is a mere bagatelle compared with
the value of the navigation of that stream. _
Mr. President, I have said more thau I in-
tended to do, but the interests involved are
very great.
Mr. POMEROY. I feel no more particularly
interested in this question than any other Sen-
ator. I have not enough interest to be very earn-
est or very eloquent on the question of building a
bridge or bridges on the Ohio river. ^ But I have
paid this subject some attention. I did not Know
that the committee had reported this bill on
this morning. I wish the Senate wonlu iinder-
stand distinctly what the bill is. ,iie
bill proposing to give any one conipanv lie
right to bridge the river at«'t
but it is a bill providing that for all time, it U
