2156
TH1' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
Marcl'H3?,
Mr. PESSENDEN. That was in 18C4?
Mr. CONKLING. That is the act referred
to in the estimates.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I thought it was fixed
Jast year. We had a great deal of discussion
about it last year,-and finally kept that in.
Whether it was origiaal then I did not know,
but it seems it was in the act of 1864.
Mr. NYE. Their salary is fixed at what?
Mr. PESSENDEN. Pour thousand dollars
for the three.
Mr. HENDRICKS. On looking over the
entire expenditures provided in this bill for
this institution I find that they are not large,
and I do not think it is wise to reduce the scien-
tific force of the institution that is really the
most important; and I suggest to the Senator
from Maine, the chairman of the committee,
to consent to let this clause remain in the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have stated
all the knowledge I have on the subject.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will put the question over again on this amend-
ment.
Mr. CONKLING. There is one fact about
this which the Senate should have in mind in
voting. The chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, who is a member of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, understood all about
this personally. He diseussed it very intelli-
gently in the committee and seemed to com-
prehend the whole thing, and he gave it as his
opinion to the committee that these three aids
were not indispensable or necessary; but that,
on the contrary, they might he dispensed with.
The recommendation of the Committee on Ap-
propriations'was made largely upon the state-
ment of the chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Do you know that he
personally examined it?
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator inquires
of me whether I know that he personally ex-
amined it. Of course I do not know that he
personally examined it; nor do I know what
would constitute a personal examination of
guch a subject. I know that, speaking with
the knowledge that he had of such things, and
speaking of this in particular, he gave the
eominittee his opinion that it was not neces-
sary and concurred with the committee in
striking it out. As the honorable Senator from
Maine [Mr. FesskndenJ occasionally says, it
might be well enough to have some proof about
this; and as every other Senator does not know
that it is necessary it might be very well to
have that fact proved before we put in this
appropriation,
Mr. PESSENDEN. It is perfectly obvious
to anybody who considers the matter that the
chief of that Observatory, the officer of the Navy
detailed there, cannot get along and take his
observations without assistance. He must have
some; and if the chairman of the Naval Com-
mittee gave an opinion that he could do without
assistance he gave a very strange opinion.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not think he did
give that opinion; but the Senator will observe
that there is an appropriation here for the sal-
ary of a clerk of $1,500, which implies a man
of some competency. That, I am aware, does
not supply scientific aid; but I think (and_the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
will correct me if I am wrong in jiiy recollec-
tion) that the chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs was of opinion that there were
persons easy of access in the_ service already
whose aid could be brought into requisition,
and would be naturally, for all such purposes
as the Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessesdes]
now refers to, and that it was not necessary to
have any persons specially detailed^ or paid;
but that, on the contrary, the service at all
times would afford, among men competent to
this duty and interested in it, those who would
take part with -the superintendent in making
observations, and in doing the variety ot things
which it migbtbe supposed would devolve upon
the aids; and thaL, by having a clerk to record
and to do everything clerical m reference to it,
he would need no other force.
Mr. PESSENDEN. It seems nobody has
been detailed for that purpose. Now, the gen-
tleman, if I mistake not, at the head of the
Naval Observatory is a Mr. Coffin, who was for-
merly a professor of mathematics in the Navy;
and, unless my recollection fails me very much,
a letter was read from him in the House of
Representatives at the time this appropriation
was under discussion there, in which he ex-
plained it and the necessity of retaining these
men, which proved satisfactory to the House,
and this clause was kept in the bill. His opin-
ion must certainly, I think, be better on the
subject—at any rate it was satisfactory to the
House—than that derived from the mere sup-
position of the honorable Senator from Iowa,
although chairman.of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, with regard to the possibility of getting
along without these aids. It is a Naval Ob-
servatory, to be sure, but it is not so connected
with naval affairs that the peculiar studies to
which that committee devote themselves would
enable them necessarily to judge better than
anybody else who had investigated the subject.
1 hope the clause will be retained.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the committee, to
strike out the clause.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was on page 9, line
one hundred and eighty-eight, to strike, out the
word " one" and insert " twoso as to make
the clause read:
For payment of expenses of visitors to the Naval
Academy, 82,000.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why is not SI,000 enough,
as the House left it?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. We found this
item estimated for in another part of the bill.
The expense for the visitors was provided for
in the contingent expenses for the Naval Acad-
emy.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On what page?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On the eighth
page: "For contingent expenses, $03,450."
It seems to have been appropriated twice.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then my friend ought to
strike out the whole of these two lines.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It will be seen
that we reduce the appropriation for contin-
gent expenses $2,000, and then increase the
sum where it is specifically appropriated for,
thinking it was better to let the appropriation
bo specific. We struck that amount out of
the contingent fund for the Academy. That
is the explanation of the action of the com-
mittee.
Now, the reason for the increase was this:
it was suggested, and that was the information
of the committee, that $2,000 was about the
sum which liad been ordinarily appropriated
and expended by these visitors. They come
from different parts of the country, some of
them almost from the extreme West. I be-
lieve they are not paid anything except their
expenses; but this sum was understood by the
committee to be the ordinary sum expended
for the visitors who are provided for bylaw.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the number pro-
vided for by law?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Ten.
Mr. EDMONDS. That is $200 apiece.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Some of them
como from a great distance, from the extreme
West. Nothing but their expenses, including
travel, is paid; and this is found to be the ordi-
nary sum.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two hun-
dred and fifteen, after the word "tools," to
strike out the words "and so forth, for."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two hun-
dred and nineteen, to strike out the words
" and so forth."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two hun-
dred and thirty-two, to strike out the word
"tools" and insert "tolls."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in liaes two-hun-
dred and thirty-eight and two hundred knd
thirty-nine, to strike out the words "and so
forth."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was under the head
of "Bureau of Medicine and Surgery," to
strike out in line two hundred and forty the
following clause:
Por naval laboratory, $20,000.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think we ought to
have some explanation of that, amendment.
Mr. PESSENDEN. Where is that estab-
lishment?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. All the inform-
ation I have on this subject is that they wanted
$80,000 in the estimates for buildings, and
this amount appropriated by the House of
Representatives was so small—§20,000—as
not to be at all adequate to the estimates, and
the committee carnc to the conclusion that it
was hardly worth while to make such a small
appropriation, and we had better strike it out
altogether.
Mr. PESSENDEN. Has there been any
appropriation heretofore for this purpose?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Not that I am
aware of.
Mr. PESSENDEN. Where is it founded?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is a labora-
tory in one of the bureaus of the Navy Depart-
ment. That is all I know about it.
Mr. PESSENDEN. The chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs introduced it some
three years ago, and ought to know something
about it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two hun-
dred and forty-nine, to strike out "$877,000"
and insert "$170,000;" so as to make the
clause read:
Marino corps:
, For pay of officers, non-commissioned officers, mu-
sicians, privates, clerks, messengers, steward, nurse,
servants; for rations^ and clothing for officers' ser-
vants, additional rations to officers for five years'
service for undrawn clothing, £170,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a very desira-
ble amendment to make; but I do not see how
you can reduce the pay of these officers about
seven eighths.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is easily ex-
plained, though I do not know that the expla-
nation will be satisfactory; but we want to
do something that is agreeable. The original
estimate sent in, and on which the bill was
drawn, was $1,007,-177 17. I hold in my hand
a supplemental estimate for this precise service
which is only $170,000.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Is that a revised esti-
mate ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, a revised
estimate at a subsequent day.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose there are un-
expended balances?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. We came to the
conclusion on careful examination, consider-
ing the reduction of fifty per cent, in the ser-
vice, that $170,000, with (he surplus the De-
partment has on hand, is adequate for the
purpose.
Sir. EDMUNDS. What I should like to
inquire of the chairman, if he can tell us, is how
it happens that the Navy Department sends us
an estimate that is eight or nine hundred thou-
sand dollars out of the way in any direction?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The original
estimate was made, I suppose, independent of
any reduction in the service and without any
regard to the surplus on hand.
Mr. PESSENDEN. There must be some
mistake about it, I think.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. One hundred
and seventy thousand dollars is the .last esti-
mate of the Department.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no doubt the ex-
planation is to be found in the unexpended
balances.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two hun-
dred and fifty-one, to reduce the appropria-
