98
SUPPLEMENT TO
B, Sheridan, James O. Clepliane, and, I think,
Mr. Holland, of the Associated Press.
Question. Had you any memorandum from
the President by which to correct it?
Answer. None, sir.
Question. Do you claim to have the power
of remembering, on hearing a speech, what a
man says?
Answer. I do not, sir.
Question. Do you not know that the Presi-
dent, on that occasion, had been exercising
his great constitutional right of freedom of
speech?
The Witness. Will you repeat that ques-
tion, if you please?
Question. Did you not know that on that
occasion the President had been exercising
his great constitutional right of freedom of
speech?
Mr. CURTIS. That puts a question of law
to the witness, and I do not think it is admis-
sible?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I am not asking
a question of law, but a question of fact. [To
the witness.] Did you not so understand it?
Answer. I so understood it, sir.
Mr. STANBERY. _ Then we are to un-
derstand the fact that it was constitutional to
exercise freedom of speech ?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. In the idea of the
President and this witness, he thinks it is con-
stitutional to exercise it in this way. It may
be constitutional, but I think not decent.
Mr. STANBERY. That is a matter of taste.
By Mr. Manager Butler :
Question. Now, then, sir, how dare you cor-
rect the President's great constitutional right
of freedom of speech without any memoran-
dum to do it by ?
Answer. It was an authority I assumed.
Question. How came you to assume the au-
thority to exercise this great constitutional
right for the President?
Answer. Well, that is a difficult question to
answer.
Mr. EVARTS. It ought to be a difficult
one to ask.
By Mr. Manager Butler :
Question. Why should you assume the au-
thority to correct his speech ?
Answer. My object was, as the speech was
an extemporaneous one, simply to change the
language, and not to change the substance.
Question. Did you change the substance
anywhere ?
Answer. Not that I am aware of.
Question. Are there not pages there where
your corrections are the most of it?
Answer. I am not aware of that fact.
Question. Look and see if there is not a
larger number of corrections on some pages?
Answer, (after examining the manuscript.)
In the hasty examination that I have made I
find no one page—perhaps there may be a single
exception—where my writing predominates.
Thereisapage in which several lines are erased:
but whether or not I erased them I cannot say.
Question. Do you know of anybody else that
had anything to do with revising it ?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Did you do that revision by the
direction of the President ?
Answer. I did not, sir, so far as I can recol-
lect.
Question. Ho did not direct you ?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Did you say to Mr. Smith then
and there that you did it by the direction of
the President?
Answer. Not that I remember.
Question. Do you mean to say that you made
these alterations and corrections upon this very
solemn occasion of this speech without any
authority whatever?
Answer. That is my impression.
Question. After you made the revision did
you show it to the President ?
Ansicer. No. sir.
Question. Did you ever tell him that you had
taken that liberty with his constitutional rights ?
Answer. I cannot recall the fact that 1 did.
Question. What did you do with the manu-
script?
Answer. The manuscript, as it was revised,
was handed, I think, to the agent of the Asso-
ciated Press, who dispatched it from the office
in order that it might be published in the after-
noon papers.
Question. Was it published in the papers?
Answer. I think it was.
Question. Have you any doubt of that?
Answer. I cannot say positively, as I have
not examined the papers. Thatwasthe object.
Question. Was the speech—whether cor-
rectly or not I do not ask—but was that speech,
purporting to come from the President, pub-
lished in the Associated Press dispatches ?
Anszoer. I do not know. I refer more to
the city papers than to those to which the As-
sociated Press furnished information.
Question. Was the same speech published
in the Intelligencer?
Answer. The speech was published in the
Intelligencer.
Question. Is that newspaper taken at the
Executive Mansion ?
Answer. It is.
Question. Was it at that time?
Answer. It was at that time.
Question. Seen by the President?
Answer. Yes, sir; I presume it was.
Question. Did he ever chide you, or say
anything to you that you had done wrong in
the correction, or had misrepresented him in
this speech at all.
Ansiver. lie did not.
Question. Even down to this day?
Ansiver. He has never chided or rebuked
me for the correction of a speech.
Question. Has he ever said there was any-
thing wrong about it?
Answer. I have never heard him say so.
No cross-examination.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I now propose,
with your Honor's leave and the Senate's, to
read the speech as corrected by Colonel
Moore, unless that is objected to. If that is
objected to, 1 propose to put in evidonce the
report of Mr. Smith, the Associated Press re-
port, and the report of the Chronicle, reading
one only. You are aware, sir, that the Presi-
dent complains in his answer that we do not
give the whole speech. We have now brought
all the versions that we can conveniently of his
whole speech, and if not objected to we will
put. them all in. Otherwise, I will only put in
the extracts.
Mr. EVARTS. What version do you now
offer?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. All, hoping to get
the truth out of the whole of them.
Mr. EVARTS. The speech as proved now
by the witnesses, in the version which passed
under Colonel Moore's eye?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I think I must
ask that the objection, if any is to be taken to
my offer, shall be put in writing.
Mr. EVARTS. Before it is made ?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. No, sir ; as it is
made.
Mr. EVARTS. Well, the speech as proved
in Mr. Smith's and Mr. Sheridan's copy we
regard as in the shape of evidence, the accu-
racy of the report to be judged of, there being
competent evidence on the subject. The speech
in the Chronicle we do not understand to be
supported by any such evidence, and we shall
object to that as not authentically proved. The
speech in the Intelligencer, which seems to have
been supported in the intent of the honorable
Managers by proof of that newspaper being
taken at the Executive Mansion, has not been
produced, and has not been offered, as I un-
derstand.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. No.
Mr. EVARTS. Therefore we dismiss that.
The Chronicle speech, then, we consider not
proved by authentic ex'idence submitted to the
court. The stenographic reports in the two
forms indicated we suppose have proof to sup-
port them, which is competent, and enable the
court under competent evidence to judge of
their accuracy, their accuracy to be the subject
of remark, of course, as the cause proceeds,
and without desiring here to anticipate the dis-
cussion as to whether any evidence concerning
them (as we have excepted and objected in our
answer to the tenth and eleventh articles) is
admissible. Saving that for the purpose of
discussion in the body of the case, we make no
other objection to the reading of the speeches.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Do you want the
whole of them read? We are content with one,
the others being subject to be used by either
party.
Mr. EVARTS. Whichever version you put
in evidence we wish read.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. We put all ver-
sions in evidence, and we will rpad one.
Mr. EVARTS. We should like to have the
one read that yon rely on.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Chief Justice, I move
that we now take a recess of fifteen minutes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before that motion is
put I wish to put it in the form of an adjourn-
ment until three o'clock, that we may do some
legislative business. ["No, no."]_ There is
a rule that ought to be altered, and if the Sen-
ator from Nebraska will allow me I will move
that the court adjourn until three o'clock.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator from
Illinois proposes that the court adjourn until
three o'clock.
Mr. JOHNSON, ^Vhat for?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator from
Illinois will state the object of the adjournment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think the honorable
member did state the purpose, but I did not
hear him.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator from
Illinois states that he desires an adjournment
for the purpose of taking up a rule in legis-
lative session. You who are in favor of ad-
journing until three o'clock will say "ay, " the
contrary opinion "no."
The motion was not agreed to.
_ The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question now
is on the motion of the Senator from Nebraska,
[Mr. Tipton.]
Mr. DRAKE. I suggest an amendment to
the motion of the Senator from Nebraska, that
we take a recess for twenty minutes.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chair will put
the question on the longest time first. The
motion is to take a recess for twenty minutes.
■ The motion was not agreed to.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question now
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Ne-
braska, to take a recess for fifteen minutes.
The motion was agreed to ; and at the ex-
piration of fifteen minutes the Chief Justice
resumed the chair, and called the Senate to or-
der at two o'clock, and forty-five minutes p. m.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that this court stand
adjourned until Monday at twelve o'clock.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 hope not.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. It is moved that
the Senate adjourn until Monday at twelve
o'clock, and on this question the yeas and nays
are demanded.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. DRAKE. The rule requires us to sit
every day.
Mr. JOHNSON. No; it does not. It is
" unless otherwise ordered."
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question is
on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. The yeas and nays have
been called for.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. There was not a
sufficient number rising to demand the yeas
and nays, and they were not ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. Then there was a misap-
prehension, if the Chair will pardon me.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. _ The Chief Justice
will put the question again on ordering the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 28 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Buekalew, Corbett, Davis, Dixon,
Fessenden, Fowler, Grimes, Henderson, Hendricks,
