TJ5E CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
pended and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed t,o.
So the rules were suspended; and .the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Wilsox, of Iowa, in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 605)
making appropriations for the legislative, ex-
ecutive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th of Jane,
1869.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask
unanimous consent to go back to page 12, line
two hundred and seventy-six, and..strike out
$100,000 and insert $40,000; so that it willread:
For publishing the laws in pamphlet form and in
newspapers of the States and Territories and in the
city of Washington, .140,000.
From information we have from the State
Department we are led to believe that $40,000
will be sufficient for the purpose intended in
that paragraph.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
committee also to go back to lines two hun-
dred and ninety-three and two hundred and
ninety-four. There is an omission made of
an amount for the rent of the building occu-
pied by the State Department at present, which
is $15,000. We have received a message from
the State Department this morning calling
attention to the omission. I propose, there
fore, to insert after the word " for" the word
- "rent," and also to insert "twenty-five" in-
stead of " tenso that it will read:
For contingent expenses of said building, namely,
for rent, fuel, lights, repairs, and miscellaneous ox-
penses, $25,030.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask unanimous consent
to go back to page 26 to offer an amendment.
No objection was made.
Mr. GARFIELD. In line six hundred and
twenty-three I move to strike out " Sl,000
and insert "$900" in lieu thereof; so that it
will read, "one messenger, $900."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let me
say to the gentleman from Ohio that that ought
not to be changed, because the same,principle
runs through the whole bill. Under the exist-
ing law every employ^ whjise salary is^ below
$1,000 is entitled to twenty percent, additional.
This man's salary is $900, and the twenty per
cent, is included here. He cannot get more
than that. That is the law in regard to all
these messengers and laborers.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am entirely willing to
withdraw the amendment, but before doing so
I desire to call attention (for I was not here
yesterday when this part of the bill was passed)
to the very remarkable discrepancy between
the appropriations put down on this page of
the bill and the estimates laid before us. 1
find by the estimates that in the Adjutant Gen-
eral's office there are now employed under the
law three clerks of class four, nine clerks of
class three 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I must
call the gentleman to order. He asked eon-
sent to go back for one purpose.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that the gentleman from Ohio is speaking to
his amendment. . „ . .
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. He is not.
He asked consent to go back for a specific pur-
pose, and now he has agreed that he does not
wish that purpose accomplished.
Mr GARFIELD. I will withdraw the amend-
ment • but I wish the gentleman would explain
why it is that this very great reduction has
been made in the force in the Adjutant Gen-
eral's office. I do not object to it, but I want
some explanation. If the gentleman can ex-
plain it I shall be satisfied. But it seems to
be a very remarkable reduction a reductio
of seventy or eighty clerks on the number that
the law now provides for the Adjutant Gen-
eral's department. So far as I know nothing
has been said in explanation of this reduction.
I shall be very glad if we"are able to make it,
and the department can get along with the
reduced force; but 1 desire some explanation.
Mr. BLAINE. The explanation is just m
one word. Every clerk who has been loft out
is of a class provided for specific&lly by the
statu e during the rebellion, and no longer.
Now they may be needed; I do not know
whether they are or are not; but I do know that
there is no law for their further employment.
If there is a necessity for a new law, it is just
as much incumbent on thegentlemanfrom Ohio
to introduce that law as on any member of the
Committee on Appropriations. They have
simply reported this bill in accordance with
law. That is all.
Mr. GARFIELD. I withdraw the amend-
ment. _
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and read the following paragraph:
Contingent Expenses of the War Department.
Officeof the Secretary of War:
For blank books, stationery, labor, books. m®Ps>
extra clerk hire, and miscellaneous items, $10,000.
Mr. ROBINSON. I move to add at the end
of that paragraph the following proviso:
Provided, That tho entire expenses of the office of
Secretary of War, including clerk hire, messen-
gers, assistants, laborers, books, stationery, maps,
labor, extra clerks, watchmen, fuel, light, ana mis-
cellaneous items, shall not exceed in each item tho
amount allowed in this bill for similar purposes to
the executive department.
Mr. Chairman, there has been an attempt
here to save at the spigot and let out at the
bung. There was an effort, made yesterday to
cut down the allowances made to the execu-
tive department. The appropriation of $3,000,
reported by the Committee on Appropriations,
for stationery and miscellaneous items, was
cut down to $1,000, and here, after making all
sorts of allowances to the War Department on
the last seven or eight pages of the bill, we find
this last item which has been read by the Clerk.
Now, this place of Secretary of War is but a
subordinate position to the Executive, and I see
no reason why these appropriations of ten and
twenty thousand dollars for stationery and other
miscellaneous expenses should be lavished on
this subordinate position, which is nothing but
an addition to the executive department, giv-
ing to the subordinate officer ten times as much
as is allowed to the Chief Executive; and par-
ticularly when you turn over and find that lor
the offices of Adjutant General, Quartermas-
ter General, and Paymaster General for blank
books, stationery, &c., there is appropriated
by this bill $15,000, $10,000, $7,000, &c. ;
thus providing for every part of the War De-
partment, throwing away thousands and tens
of thousands of dollars, I might almost say a
half million dollars, for the War Department,
while we are cutting down in an extravagant, if
not unstatesmanlike, manner the little allow-
ance for the Executive.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will
confine myself, in my remarks, strictly to the
question. This is an item which has been in
every appropriation bill from time immemorial.
The only question has been as to the amount
to be appropriated. Last year we appropri-
ated the sum of $15,000.
Mr. BLAINE. And the same for several
years preceding.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, and
for several years preceding. The Secretary
of the Treasury, in sending in the estimates for
all the Departments, sent in an estimate for
$20,000 for the next fiscal year.^ The Com-
mittee on Appropriations, acting in this mat-
ter as they have in all others, have cut down
the estimate one half, and have reported this
sum of $10,000.
The question was taken upon the amendment
of Mr. Robinson ; and upon a division there
were—ayes twenty, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
The following clause having been read:
Office of tho Paymaster General:
For blank books, stationery, binding, and miscel-
laneous items, $7,500,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, said ; I
move to amend the paragraph just read by
striking out "$7,500'' and inserting
The appropriation last year was §10,TOO.
Owing to the vast amount of business tarown
into the Paymaster General's office by the
bounty act, there? jp, already a deficiency which
will "have to be provided for in the deficiency
bill The estimate for this item for the next
fiscal year is $15,000. The Paymaster Gen-
eral has sent a letter to the Committee on Ap-
propriations, which I ask the Clerk to read,
in explanation of the increase proposed by this
amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Paymaster Gexekai/s Office.
February 12,1S6S.
Sib: In the appropriation bill presented by your
committee, and now before the .House.:you Propose
for tlie contingent expenses ot this office for the next
fiscal year, 87,500, just one haJf the sum stated for
that purpose in my annual estimate of August 19th
last to the Secretary of War. ,
I have the honor respectfully to urge that eu«h
amendment be made as to give the full amount of
that estimate, $15,000, whicn sum, I am convinced,
after a careful examination of the subject, will be
hardly sufficient. The extraordinary consumption
of stationery, &c., growing out of the adjustment of
bounty claims, will continue m the present ratio, at
least, for another year without sensible diminution.
The past contingent expenses of the o flic e show a
monthly average of §1,246 /5, equal to $14,9(>1 per
yThaye the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant.
To the Honorable the Chairman of the Committee on
Appropriationsy House of liepreaenlatives.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of'Illinois. The Com-
mittee on Appropriations thought that letter
gave a sufficient explanation for the proposed
increase. It may be stated further that the
article of "furniture" comes under "miscel-
laneous items." The Paymaster General, as
every gentleman must know who has been in
his office, has had no new furniture or repairs
of furniture for years, and everything there is
now very shabby. I think this amendment
should be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
The following paragraph was read:
For the general purposes of tho TTar Department
"building: . L _ , ,
For compensation of superintendent, four vratcii-
men, and two laborers of the building, $-4,570.
Mr. ROBINSON. I move to strike out this
paragraph. In other items connected with the
War Department there are enough watchmen
provided for.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk-resumed the reading of the bill.
The following paragraph was read :
For compensation of the Assistant Secretary of the
Navy, $3,500: chief clerk, 82,200: one fourth-class
clerk, (also as disbursing clerk,) $2,000: four clerks of
the fourth class, $7,200; five clerks of tho third class,
$8,000; three clerks of the second class, 51,200; threo
clerks of the firstclass, $3,600'; one me?sentrer, *?1,UOO ;
one assistant messenger, §720; two laborers, ^1,440.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to amend this
bill by inserting after the paragraph just read
the words, for Solicitor and In aval Judge
Advocate General, $3,500."
•I offer this amendment in order that I may
make an inquiry of the gentleman who has
charge of this bill [Mr. Washburxk, of Illi-
nois] why this officer has been left out of this
bill? I do not make this motion because I
have any particular knowledge upon this sub-
ject other than that the estimates for the ap-
propriation for the Navy Department put down
this officer as one that was necessary. I un-
derstand there is a general provision at the
end of this bill repealing all offices and drop-
ping from the service all clerks, and. indeed,
all bureaus and departments that are not appro-
priated for in this act.
I desire to call the attention of the commit-
tee to this remarkable kind of legislation. We
are, I suppose, to be asked by and by to legis-
late out of existence a very large class of otii-
eers or employes of the Government, appio-
priations for whom are omitted in this bill;
and unless members observe, as we pass on,
the omissions of the bill they will have no
adequate idea of how many hundreds or how
