1808.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3181
to be engrossed, and the bill to be read the third
time. The bill was read the third time.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire to say a word
before the bill is passed. I understand that
opposition to it would be entirely fruitless;
and I shall content, myself with a vote against
it without asking for a formal call of the yeas
and nays.
1 object to the system of legislation of which
this bill is an illustration, in the first place,
because this is a sort of exercise of pardoning
power by Congress. I consider it a very bad
and pernicious system in itself. In the next
place, 1 object to it because it must necessarily
be partial and unfair. I am told that there
are about four hundred names in this bill. Out
ot' that whole number I know only two upon
one side of politics. There may be more, but
the number is scarcely worth counting. Nearly
the entire number of the four hundred are
selected with reference to jjarty objects. A.
convention to form a constitution meets in
North Carolina, and the political majority in
the convention pass around the State, pick out
their prominent, active, useful political friends,
and they recommend them in a body here to
Congress. They desire these men to take the
offices of the State, wield the political influence
of the State, and to be useful to the party
organization in the future ; and these names,
under that general recommendation, are re-
ported as a matter of course from the Judi-
ciary Committee, who know nothing about the
individuals, and they are passed here upon the
ground that the convention has recommended
them.
Then we are told that some names have been ;
added by the committee, on the recommenda-
tion of whom? Of these political gentlemen
from the South who have been chosen to offices
or expect to hold offices under the new consti-
tutions, and who are in political accord with
the majority of Congress. A few of those
names are added. One name I believe was
added in committee upon the other side, and
one has been added by a vote of the Senate
just taken. I consider those additions of a
lew names to bo quite politic, as it gives a sort
of odor of fairness, though in an infinitely
small degree, to the proceeding. But sub-
stantially this kind of legislation must be purely
partisan in its character. It can be nothing
else. I am not complaining of gentlemen of
the majority who make up bills in this way and
pass bills of this character. If we are to enter
upon the system at all it is in human nature,
it is inevitable, that the system should be such
as I have described it.
Now, sir, nothingcan be clearer than that the
power to remove disabilities incurred by crime
is a function which pertains to the Presi-
dent of the United States under the Con-
stitution. This legislation is in the nature—I
will not assert that it is absolutely so—but it
is in the nature of a usurpation of executive
power. In the first place, under a general
law, you impose penal consequences upon past
conduct by an ex post facto law. Whether you
administer that system through the courts, or
administer it directly through political agencies,
is immaterial. The nature of the thing is to
punish men for their conduct, and punish them
for crimes which they have committed ; and
then Congress reserves to itself a dispensing
power, which is in its nature a pardoning
power ; and you are exercising that by this
legislation.
On principle, therefore, tins whole system
is in my judgment, open to the strongest,
clearest, most powerful objections ; and besides
that, when you come to look at it practically
you discover what it is and whatsit must be in
its very nature, an unfair, partial, and par-
tisan system. You can make nothing else
of it It does not make any difference who
' administers it, what class of men in Congress
vote these hills through ; such must be its char-
acter everlastingly and always. And herein,
in this very fact, we have a proof of the wis-
dom of those constitutional arrangements m
the Federal Government, and in the several
States, and in other countries having civilized
institutions, by which clemency, pardon, the
dispensing with laws is everywhere lodged with
the executive power of the Government. It
cannot be exercised by a numerous body. If
it is lodged with them it must become a thing
odious and unjust; it must be partial and un-
fair ; it must be partisan and partisan only ;
and if any persons are included or brought
within the scope of a system of irregular benev-
olence of this kind who do not belong to the
political party in power, it must be simply to
give an odor of apparent fairness to a system
which is essentially unjust.
I do not, as I said, choose to protract debate
on this subject. I have simply said so much
to indicate the vole which I shall give on this
and on all other similar bills short of a general
bill which shall remove disabilities. 1 would
vote for a bill which removed disabilities as a
general rule, leaving some particular excep-
tions, because, in substance, that would be
repealing your former laws. I am willing to
vote for anything which is in the nature of a
repealing statute, or substantially a repealing
statute, but for no bill which is in its nature a
dispensing statute, a statute dispensing with
the existing law.
Mr. HOWARD. If the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania, before he takes his seat,
will answer me one short query, I shall be
obliged to him. If I understand him correctly,
he holds, or seems to hold, that the rebels
incurred no disabilities whatever which Con-
gress can recognize. Did I misunderstand the
gentleman ?
Mr. BUCKALEW. I did not say so.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 understood him so to
intimate ; and 1 think that his argument when
properly analyzed will come to exactly that
result. Now, sir, T dissent entirely from such
a view of the subject. I hold that by waging
war upon the Government of the United States
and committing treason, as they did by whole-
sale, the persons thus acting became enemies
of the United States. They have been so con-
sidered by the whole community. They have
been so treated by the authorities of the
United States, civil and military. They have
been so regarded by our courts of justice, and
adjudged to be enemies of the United States.
Now, how has it come to pass that in a war,
although it is characterized sometimes as a
civil war, and properly, perhaps, the prevailing
party has no authority to impose terms upon
the opposite party when they are to be received
again into fellowship and admitted to the en-
joyment of political rights? 1 hold, sir, that
by waging war upon the Government of the
United States these people were public ene-
mies. They so denominated themselves. They
claimed to be the enemies of the United States.
They boasted of it. It was with them a matter
of exultation and pride.
Now, the war having closed, that is, the
actual fighting having closed, while we are in
process of settling the controversy and effect-
ually suppressing the rebellion and reestab-
lishing peace upon a secure and permanent
basis, may we not, declare that such and such
persons, once enemies ol the United States,
shall be and remain permanently or tempo-
rarily, if we say so, under disabilities : and may
we not properly whenever we see fit, as the
law-making power, the prevailing party, relieve
those persons from those disabilities? And
may we not do this without incurring the charge
which is perpetually hurled against a majority
of this Senate of indulging in partisan legisla-
tion? Sir, there is no partisanship in it.
A few days ago the honorable Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Hjwdrk-ks,] in commenting
upon the bill for the extension of the Freed men s
Bureau, saw fit to characterize that great and
beneficent measure as another partisan measure.
It seems that we can do nothing, we can devise
no measure that does not attract these odious
epithets from our opponents on the Other side
of the Chamber. Whatever we do, be it this
thing or the other, is sure to be stigmatized as
a partisan measure by them.
Mr. CONNESS. Who are not party men!
Mr. HOWARD. They are not partisan
men, of course; they are entirely above all
party considerations ! It is very true that every
mother's son of them during the recent im-
peachment trial, not as a party measure, of
course, [laughter,] voted for the acquittal
of the accused. It was their consciences,
undoubtedly, that led them to that conclusion.
I find no fault with it. But let them remember
that the country may look upon that unanimity,
so singular among so many lawyers of this
body, as a little suspicious, especially when
they boast of their conscientious convictions
and denounce us for indulging in partisan
measures!
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The honorable Senator
will allow me a single question. It is this 
Mr. SHERMAN. This debate is going on
by unanimous consent, and I hope it will not
be protracted.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I merely wish to ask a
question.
Mr. HOWARD. If the honorable Senator
wishes merely to put a question to me, I have
no objection to yield.
Mr." DOOLITTLE. My question is simply
this : whether the honorable Senator does not
think that his question to the Senator from
Pennsylvania is a pretty long one? [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania had taken his seat.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. You asked him to give
way for a question.
Mr. HOWARD. He had taken his seat, and
I took the floor properly.
Mr. President, the gentlemen who fling this
charge out so flippantly and constantly may us
well take it for granted from this rlay forth that,
as Republican Senators, we shall not be very
swift to readmit into a participation in the
affairs of this Government rebels who have
always been their friends, whether they are the
friends of rebels now or not. We shall not be
very ready to admit back into Congress and
into a participation in the affairs of the Gov-
ernment and the country those red-handed
rebels who have given us heretofore so much
trouble, and are still virulent and unrepentant.
They may well take it for granted that we
inteiid t,o have some security for the future
against the recurrence of the bloody war which
their southern friends and proteges have waged
against us. For one, sir, 1 am bound, if I can-
not have indemnity for the past, to have at
least permanent security for the futurej and I
will knowingly relievo no one of them from lus
disabilities who still harbors in his heart the
spirit of rebellion.
Sir, I think we had better make a little some-
thing out of the victories we have achieved,
and not fling them away, as the honorable Sen-
ators on the other side of the Chamber wish us
to do. I believe in no such doctrine. In mak-
ing a bargain I will see to it that I get the best
of it. if I honestly can.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Ohio [Mr. Shermax] is very anxious
to get up his bill, which is the regular order.
I am, therefore, precluded from answering
i the Senator from Michigan. 1 will, however,
I make one remark. His speech about rebels
;! and against rebellion, a speech which he
jj always makes with such force, with such ex-
!| actuess of language and warmth of manner, is
Ij misapplied upon this bill. This is a bill to
I! relieve rebels. That is its very object; and
ij therefore declamation against rebels and the
II enormity of their offense is quite out of place,
at least from the mouth of a gentleman who
' proposes to vote for this bill. All that is be-
'' tween the Senator from Michigan and myself,
is the point of thus selecting one kind of rebels
in preference to another kind. The Senator
from Michigan would prefer to select for his
clemency those red-handed and horrible rebels
who are'likely to vote for him, possibly to give
him success in the elections of the present
year. Whileheisselectingrebels, "red-handed
rebels,"' for congressional clemency, i.woukt
