1868..
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tion for provisions for the Marine corps from
$127,000 to $100,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two hun-
dred and fifty-three, to reduce the appropria-
tion for clothing for the Marine corps lrom
$102,000 to $100,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two hun-
dred and fifty-nine, under the head of " Marine
corps," to strike out "twenty" and insert
" twelveso as to make the clause read:
For transportation of officers, their servants, troops,
and for expenses of recruiting, $12,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two hun-
dred and sixty-one, before the word "rent" to
insert " for."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines two hun-
dred and seventy-six, two hundred and seventy-
nine, and two hundred and eighty, respectively,
to strike out the words " and so forth."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
two hundred and eighty-four and two hundred
and eighty-five, in these words :
Eor necessary repairs of marine barracks, head-
quarters,Washington, District of Columbia, $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
line four, to strike out the word "including"
and insert "excluding;" so as to make the
section read:
Skc. 2. And be it further enacted, That the number
of persons authorized to beenlisted into the Navy of
the United States, including seamen, ordinary sea-
men, landsmen, and mechanics, and excluding ap-
prentices and boys, is hereby fixed and established
at eighty-five hundred, and no more.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope before this amend-
ment is adopted it will receive so much atten-
tion as will lead to its being understood. I did
not agree to it in committee, reserving the right
to vote against it in the Senate, and, if I could
find any other persuadable member of this
body, to endeavor to persuade him also to
vote against it.
It will be seen, Mr. President, that the
House of Representatives proposed that the
future naval establishment upon a peace foot-
ing should consist of eighty-five hundred and
no more ; and this was to include apprentices
and boys. Before the war the Navy consisted
of precisely the number fixed by the House,
eighty-live hundred, and no more, as regards
rated men or boys. In addition to that there
were, I believe, boys called powder-boys orpow-
der-monkeys sometimes, to what precise num-
ber I do not know; but in the Navy now there
are of apprentices and boys twelve hundred
and twenty-one, so that by this amendment
proposed by the committee, with the next one,
which is a proviso to be appended to the
section, the Navy is to be maintained at eighty-
five hundred, as it was before the war, and
twelve hundred and fifty apprentices and boys
are to be added to that number.
It was suggested in the committee that fix-
ing a maximum number and including appren-
tices and boys would leave the naval authori-
ties practically to exclude apprentices and
boys and make the entire force consist of
effective seamen, and thus an argument was
deduced in favor of fixing the number of the
Navy, then fixing more or less positively the
number of apprentices and boys. That argu-
ment, very likely, is sound. I do not wish any
opposition I make to this amendment to en-
counter that. My proposition is that there is
no reason at this time, looking to the future,
why an increase of the Navy should be voted
or allowed—an increase, I mean, speaking in
reference to the Navy as it was before the war
began.
I have no doubt there is a great deal to be
said in favor of the apprentice system, the
sehool-ship system, and all that; but I think
few will challenge the correctness of the asser-
tion that the commercial marine of the country
is likely to be a school and nursery for seamen,
which will always furnish the material, when
bounties are offered as occasion arises, from
which the Navy can be filled up. My belief
was and is that the House of Representatives
made sufficiently liberal appropriations and
sufficiently liberal estimates when it fixed
eighty-five hundred as the number of the Navy.
VVe have heard, Mr. President, various prop-
ositions about cutting down the Army and cut-
ting down the Navy. Here is one now before
us upon which we must vote,-sent here by the
House of Representatives, and the subject is
free from all those uncertain matters which
attend the Army at this time. There is no
Indian war in which the Navy is to take part;
there are no contingencies of any sort in the
immediate future to be provided for. On the
contrary, at this time and in this bill, it is in
order and it is prudent and safe for the two
Houses of Congress to express their judgment
as to what the sum-total of the Navy should
be. If it be the sense of the Senate that an
addition should be made to what the House
has proposed, so be it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Did the Senator state
what is the number of apprentices and boys
now?
Mr. CONKLING. The number now actu-
ally in the Navy is twelve hundred and twenty-
one; but there is no limit by law, I believe.
I am very sure there is no limit in the law as
it stands. So the committee understood. They
found no limit and they understood there was
none.
My purpose, Mr. President, is accomplished
when 1 induce the Senate to look at this matter
and not to adopt the amendment by the formal
concurrence which was about to take place in
the recommendation of the committee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ought, per-
haps, to state to the Senate precisely the effect
of this amendment if I can get their attention
for a moment. The bill as proposed by the
committee, and as it will stand with the amend-
ment, is to reduce the Navy down to the peaco
establishment immediately preceding the war.
I mean the Navy proper, rauk and file, which
was eighty-five hundred effective men. There
were at, that time about eight hundred boys,
variously denominated, some as powder-boys,
some, perhaps, as servants, connected with
the Navy; so that it stood eighty-five hundred
rank and file proper, and eight hundred boys,
connected with the service in various capa-
cities.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will allow
me, I should like to inquire from what source
he derives his information that there were
eight hundred boys in the Navy. That is not
my information.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. We took it from
the Senator from Iowa, who is chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs. That was
his information on the subject. During the
war it was thought advisable to add another
feature to the Navy, to wit, apprentices, boys
who should be induced to go on board naval
ships and be educated practically to naval
duties, and so their service sccured for the
Navy. That was deemed advisable ; and
that is the policy now, and that is the law.
Those boys number now about four hundred.
The bill, as we have it here, if the amendment
of the committee be agreed to, brings the Navy
proper back to what it was at the period just
anterior to the war, retains the rank and file
as then, retains the boys in the service who
are useful to it, and provides for retaining the
apprentices, not an unlimited number, but
boys and apprentices to the number of twelve
hundred and fifty. That would embrace the
number of boys who belonged to the Navy
when the war began, and provide for the re-
tention of the apprentices you have on hand
now, and a few over, not exceeding, however,
twenty-five. As long as it is the policy of the
Government to retain that feature, I submit
that this provision is absolutely necessary, un-
less you are willing to take the alternative
presented by the other House, which is to re-
duce your number and to dispense with the
boys and the apprentices, or reduce the effect-
ive force of your Navy by so much. The com-
mittee believed that the propriety of the thing
was not to go below the effective force of tho
Navy just anterior to the war, and at the same
time provide for these other two features which
are necessarily ingrafted ou your Navy, namely,
the boys and the apprentices. That is all
this is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not see why we can-
not with propriety leave this first clause as the
House left it, using the word "including"
instead of "excluding," and then agree to the
proviso recommended by the committee, which
will limit the proportion of apprentices and
boys to a certain number.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If you use the
phrase " including apprentices and boys," and
fix your whole force at eighty-five hundred, so
that the Department cannot go beyond that,
then you reduce the effective force o.f your
Navy by so much.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is, you wilj reduce
the effective force of the Navy to eighty-five
hundred and no more, including apprentices
and boys not exceeding twelve hundred and
fifty.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Which would
reduce the effective force so much.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is pi'ecisely what I
want to do, for one.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The answer to
that is, that as a committee making appropria-
tions to meet the demands of the service, and
having no especial information as to the de-
mauds of that service, whether it could suffer
that detraction or not, we did not feel author-
ized to make it. If the Senate have informa-
tion which enables them to say that this branch
of the public service can be reduced properly
so much without detriment, then that is a safe
proposition to take ; but as the Committee on
Appropriations had no information which au-
thorized them to form a judgment that the ser-
vice might be so reduced, they reported in
accordance with what was understood to be the
demands of the service according to the require-
ments of law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Committee on Ap-
propriations must have exercised some intel-
lectual function, either with or without inform-
ation, in proposing the amendment that they
did, because the House of Representatives has
proposed to us to make the whole effective
force of the Navy, including apprentices and
boys, eighty-five hundred in number, and no
more: and now the Committee on Appropri-
ations propose, either with or without inform-
ation—and I leave it to my honorable friend
from Maine to decide which ; he knows, and I
do not—to change that and to make the effect-
ive force of the Navy eighty-five hundred sea-
men and ordinary seamen and landsmen and
mechanics, and to add to that twelve hundred
and fifty apprentices and boys.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I intended to
explain the reason which guided the commit-
tee; and that was that the exigencies of the
war being over, we thought it a safe proposi-
tion to say that we could go back to the de-
mands of peace ; but it was not quite so obvi-
ous that we could go beyond that; and that
was the reason which influenced the com-
mittee.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. And I suppose
the committee acted also on the counsel it
had from the chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILSON. It was stated by the chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs that
before the war, in addition to the eighty-five
hundred men, we had about eight hundred
boys in the service, and that during the war
he had succeeded in establishing the apprentice
system, which added some four hundred more,
so that we then had some twelve hundred boys
and apprentices. Under these circumstances
the committee supposed that this bill as it came
from the House of Representatives would.re-
duce the naval force below what it was belore
