1134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
dent were stricken out yesterday, as were sev-
eral other Items. Now, in regard to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Pike "1
I refer to Miscellaneous Document No 37
where gentlemen may see a full and complete
statement of this matter in figures. The offices
m this Bureau of Equipment and Recruiting
were created by the act of J_uly 5, 1862, and
the total amount for all the clerks and mes-
sengers was $10,040. That was under the law
creating or revising the Navy Department.
Well, sir, m 1867, to show how these things
have grown up, we appropriated $18,400 for
the same bureau; and this year the Navy De-
partment comes in with an estimate; and what
do you suppose it is? Here, in time of peace,
the_ Department, which the gentleman from
^>ikb] represents, asks us for
$20,420. The committee, upon a full exam-
ination of this whole subject, have proposed to
give to this bureau $10,300, which is between
ope and two hundred dollars more than was
given in 1860 under the original act, and which
we consider as all-sufficient. The additional
amount is an addition of twenty per cent, to
one item.
_ Now, sir, we might as well settle the ques-
tion on this item as any other. If gentlemen
will examine the document I referred to they
will see what the expenses of that Department
were in 1862, what we appropriated in 1867,
and what they estimated for in 1868-69. The
original estimate of the Secretary of the Navy
was $47,000,000; the revised estimate was
$24,000,000. The committee wish to keep the
appropriations down to the aggregate reported
upon full and thorough examination of the
subject.
Mr. PIKE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last clerk for the pur-
pose of making some reply to the demonstra-
tion of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wasii-
burne.] He is horribly afraid that we shall
swell the appropriations to the $47,000,000
proposed by the Secretary of the Navy, for-
getting to state, in justice to that " old public
functionary," that he, like the General-in-
Chief of the Army, sent in revised estimates.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I did state
that distinctly.
Mr. PIKE. The gentleman made so much
noise that I did not hear that.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I cannot
help that.
Mr. PIKE. The Secretary of the Navy sent
in revised estimates, just as the Secretary of
War did, in pursuance of the desire of this
House. The gentleman from Illinois the other
day appropriated for extra allowance to officers
at West Point on account of existing law, and
when I suggest to him that I would go with him
to strike down appropriations, including the sal-
aries of members, I find no practical response;
but in order to save these enormous amounts
it is proposed to strike at a few poor clerks
in the Navy Department—a Department that
has to day but sixty-one clerks for the purpose
of transacting all its business. In relation to
this Bureau of Equipment and Recruiting, the
present force there is eight clerks. This bill
proposes to give it only three clerks. The
head of the bureau. Commodore Smith, asks
of the House three additional clerks. Now, I
beg the House will hear the reasons why he
asks for those clerks :
"The chief of this bureau has asked for additional
clerks to enable him to keep up with the current
duties. Much of the time of the clerks in this bureau
is occupied in examining records for the service of
sailors in connection with claims for bounty, ana if
the necessary clerical assistance is denied the sailors
and their tamihes will inevitably be the sufforcrs,
and other work will accumulate to such an extent
as to be embarrassing in the future."
That is the reason why lie asks for additional
clerks. Now, my proposition isnot to_ give
him additional service, but to let him retain the
present service, which the law allows and which
is necessary, and with which service lie is now
unable to keep up with the current business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I only
desire to say one word. The committee might
as well pass upon this question now as at any
other time; it is the question whether now,
since the rebellion has closed and since the
duties of these Departments have been vastly
reduced, we should go on and create additional
offices and payadditional salaries.
Mr. PIKE. We have just passed a. clause
giving the Second Auditor an additional force.
I withdraw my amendment to the amendment
and ask a vote on my original amendment.-
The question -tfas put; and there were—ayes
7, noes 37; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Pike and
Scoi-mn) were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 18, noes 62; no quorum voting.
The roll was accordingly called, and the
names of the absentees noted.
The committee then rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Wilson, of
Iowa, reported that the Committeeof the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to
order, had the special order under considera-
tion, being House bill No. 605, making appro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1869, and finding
itself without a quorum, he had caused the roll
to bo called and reported the names of the
absentees to the House.
The following is the list of the absentees:
Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames, Archer, Delos It.
Ashley, Axtell, Bailey, Baker, Barnum, Bingham,
Blair, Bromwell,Brooks,Butler,Cake,Cary, Chanler,
Cook, Dixon, Dodge, Bla, Fldrklge, Fields, Finney,
Fox, Get//, Haight, Malsey,Harding, Hawkins, Ches-
ter D. Hubbard, Julian, Kerr, Knott, Lincoln, Loan,
Logan, Loughridgo, Lynch, McClurg, McCullough,
Morgan, Morrcll, Morrissey, Nicholson, Phelps. Pilo,
Pomeroy, Randall, Robertson, Robinson, Ross, Selyo,
Shellabarger, Sitgreavcs, Thaddeus Stevens, Stone,
John Trimble, Van Trump, Ward, Stephen F. Wil-
son, Woodbridgo, and Woodward.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (S. R. No. 302) for the relief
of the heirs of the late Major General I. B.
Richardson, deceased, in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
legislative, eto., appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. The chairman of the
Committee of the Whole [Mr. Wilson", of
Iowa] reports that the committee finding itself
without a quorum he directed the roll of mem-
bers to be called. A quorum having answered
to their names upon that call, the Committee
of the Whole will resume its session without
further motion.
The House accordingly again resolved itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, (Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
special order, being the bill (H. R. No. 005)
making appropriations for the legislative, exec-
utive, and judicial expenses of the Government
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1869.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question
is upon the amendment moved by the gentle-
man from Maine, [Mr. Pike.] Tellers have
been ordered upon that question and have Ween
appointed. Upon the last vote no quorum voted.
The tellers will again resume their stations and
the vote will be again taken.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 44, noes 62.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and read as follows:
For compensation of the chief of the Bureau of '
Ordnance, $3,500; chief clerk, in place of the assist-
ant provided by section three of the act of July 5,
1862, $1,800; one draughtsman, 81,400; one clerk of
the second class, $1,400; one messenger, $1,000; one
laborer, $720; one laborer, $576.
Mr. PIKE. I desire to offer an amendment
to the paragraph relating to the Bureau of
Navigation.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee have
passed that paragraph, and are now upon the
paragraph relating to the Bureau of Ordnance.
Mr. PIKE. I understood that my amend-
ment was to the paragraph relating to the
Bureau of Equipment and Recruiting. I now ■
want to move an amendment to the paragraph
relating to the Bureau of Navigation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I can con-
firm the statement of the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Pike.]
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Pike,] relating,
as it did, to equipment and recruiting, would
not have been in order to any other paragraph
than the one relating to the Bureau of Equip
ment and Recruiting. The Chair will ask
unanimous consent of the committee to go
back to the paragraph relating to the Bureau
of Navigation so that the gentleman can offer
his amendment.
No objection was made.
The paragraph was as follows:
For the compensation of the chief of the Bureau of
Navigation, $3,500; chief clerk, $1,800; one clerk of
the second class, $1,400; one clerk of the first class,
$1,200; one messenger, $1,000.
Mr. PIKE. According to the law of 1868
there are two clerks in this bureau, one of the
fourth class and one of the second class. I
move to amend this paragraph by striking out
"one clerk of the first class, $1,200," and
inserting before the words "one clerk of the
second class" the words "one clerk of the
fourth class, $1,800." I suppose this para-
graph in its present form was reported by the
Committee on Appropriations through misap-
prehension. There are two clerks authorized
by existing law in this bureau. The Commit-
tee on Appropriations allow two clerks to the
bureau, but one is of a different class from that
authorized by law. I propose to rectify the
error and make this paragraph correspond
with existing law.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Com-
mittee on Appropriations were under no mis-
apprehension. I will state the basis upon
which the committee acted. According to the
act of July 5, 1862, the appropriation was:
"For th© Bureau of Navigation, one chief clerk at
$1,800; one clerk who shall receive a salary of $1,400;
one clerk at $1,200; one messenger at $840."
The total amount appropriated for that bu-
reau then was $8,740. By the act of March
2, 1867, we appropriated for the same purpose
$10,220. The estimate for this purpose for the
next fiscal year increased the sum to $12,220.
The Committee on Appropriations determined
that in this time of peace they would not con-
sent to such an increase, and therefore we
proposed to go back to the law of 1862 and
appropriate for this bureau the sum of $8,900,
the difference in the amount being made up of
the difference of twenty per cent, in the com-
pensation of one of the messengers. The
amount appropriated by the act of March 2,
18G7, exceeded the amount appropriated in
1862 by $1,480. The amount estimated for,
for the year ending June 30, 1869, exceeds the
amount appropriated in 1862 by §3,480; and
it exceeds the amount appropriated in 1867 by
$2,000. The amount proposed in this bill
exceeds the amount appropriated in 1862 by
$160, which is the twenty per cent, added to
the pay of one of the messengers ; and it is less
than the appropriation of 1867 by $1,320; it is
less than the estimate for the year ending June
30, 1869, by $3,320. The Committee on Ap-
propriations think the Committee of the Whole
and the House should stand by the provision as
they have reported it.
_ Mr. PIKE. I withdraw my amendment, and
m lieu of it move to strike out this entire par-
agraph and substitute for it the following:
For the compensation of the chief clerk of the
Bureau of^Navigation, $1,800; one oicrk of the fourth
class. $1,800; one clerk of the second class, $1,400:
one messenger, $1,000; two laborers, $1,440.
The^law of July, 1866, contains the following
srovision in regard to the clerical force of this
)ureau:
'In the Bureau of Navigation one clerk of class
tour and one elerk of class two."
This bill proposes to cut down the salary of
one clerk in the Navy Department by reducing
him from one class to another, taking him
from the class designated by law and putting him
m another class. If the committee is ready to
