4206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1&,
re minimie dubia by all tribunals and after-
ward by the prince. (Duponceau's Bynker-
shoeck, p. 188, note.) This is clear and strong.
I might quote authorities without end to the
same point. I content myself with adding the
words of General Halleck, who, after saying
in his admirable manual that "reprisals bring
us to the awful confines of actual war," pro-
ceeds to lay down the rule that reprisals, even
on property, can be only " where justice has
been plainly denied or unreasonably delayed."
^Ealleck, p. 29.) This rule commends itself
as reasonable and just.
In the early days reprisals were directed
against persons as well as property. Even
against property it was done with hesitation,
only in cases free from all doubt and after
ample appeal to the sovereign for justice.
Against persons it was done very rarely. Gro-
tius, our greatest master, who brought the
rules of international law to the touchstone of
reason, asserts that all reprisals are vindicated
by custom rather than by nature. His lan-
guage is that this rule "is not indeed author-
ized by nature but generally received by cus-
tom." (Grotius, book iii, chap. 2, $4.) Since
then the tendency has been to a constant miti-
f;ation of the rule, even as regards property.
Vithout burdening this discussion with cases,
which are numerous, I give the summary of
Wheaton in these words: " It appears to be
the modern rule of international usage, that
property of the enemy found within the terri-
tory of the belligerent State, or debts due to his
subjects by the Government or individuals at
the commencement of hostilities are not liable
to be sei&ed and confiscated as prize of war."
(Wheaton's Elements, Lawrence's edit., p.
629.) This rule, whichisapplicabletothecondi-
tion of things on the breaking out of war, attests
the care with which the modern law of nations
watches the rights of individuals, and how it
avoids making them suffer. Thus even debts
are not liable to seizure. How much more
should an innocent person be exempt from any
such outrage ?
It is when we consider the modern rule with
regard to persons, instead of property, that we
are impressed still more by its benignity. Here
I quote, first a British authority, and then an
American. Mr. Phillimore, the author of the
very elaborate and candid treatise on the law
of nations, so full of various learning, after
admitting that reprisals "strictly speaking,
affect the persons as well as the goods," pro-
ceeds to say, that "in modern times they have
been chiefly confined to goods;" and he then adds
in words, worthy of consideration now, that,
"it is to be hoped that the reprisal of persons
has fallen with other unnecessary and unchris-
tian severities into desuetude; and certainly,
to seize travelers, by way of reprisals, is a breach
of the tacit f-aitk pledged to them by the State,
■when they were allowed to enter her borders.''
(Phillimore, Law of Nations, vol. Ill, chap.
2.) The same enlightened conclusion is ex-
pressed by Dana in his excellent notes to
Wheaton, as follows: "The right of reprisals
is not limited to property, but extends to per-
sons, still the practice of modem times diseoun•
tenances the arrest and detention of innocent
persons strictly in the way of reprisals."
(Dana; Wheaton, p. 370, note.) Thus do
British and American publicists concur in
homage to a common civilization.
It we look at the reasonof the modern rule,
which spares persons, we shall find it in two
■different considerations, each of controlling au-
thority ; first, that an innocent person cannot
be seized in a foreign country without a viola-
tion of the Public Faith ; and secondly, that
no private individual can be justly held re-
sponsible for the act of his Government, On
the first head Vattel speaks as follows: "The
sovereign declaring war can neither detain
those subjects of the enemy who were within
his dominions at the time of the declaration,
nor their effects. They came into this country
on the Public Faith. By permitting them to
enter his territory and continue there he has
tacitly promised them liberty and perfect ;
security for their return." (Vattel, book II,
cbap^. 18,1 344; book III, chap. 4, § 63 ; chap.
5, I 73.) In the same sense Halleck says:
" Travelers and passing guests are in general
excepted from such liability." (Halleck, In-
ternational Law, p. 302.) The other reason
was assigned by Mr. Webster in his corre-
spondence with the British Government in rela-
tion to the Caroline. The British Government
having acknowledged the act of McLeod in
burning this vessel as their act, Mr. Webster
at once declared that, after this avowal, the
individuals engaged in it could not be held per-
sonally responsible, and he added words worthy
of memory at this juncture: "The President
presumes that it can hardly be necessary to say
that the American people, not distrustful of
their ability to redress public wrongs by public
means, cannot desire the punishment of indi-
viduals when the act complained of is declared
to have been an act of the Government itself.
(Phillimore, vol. Ill, p. 53.) Weighty words,
by which our country is forever bound. The
same principle is adopted by Halleck, in his
text-book, when he says: "No individual is
justly chargeable with the guilt of a personal
crime for the act of the community of which
he is a member." (Halleck, International
Law, p. 296.) All these authorities furnish
us the samelesson, and warn against thepresent
proposition.
Another argument may be found in the ex-
tent to which reprisal on persons has been dis-
carded by modern precedents. It is denounced,
not only by authority, but also by practice. I
have already said that the proposition to sus-
pend commercial relations is without an ex-
ample in history. The other proposition is with-
out example since the hateful act of the first
Napoleon, condemned afterward by himself,
when at the breaking of the short-lived peace of
Amiens, he seized innocent Englishmen who
happened to be in France, and detained them
as prisoners, precisely as is now proposed under
the present bill. Among these Englishmen,
who became the victims of this tyrannical de-
cree, was Lord Elgin, on his return from Con-
stantinople, whe^e he had been ambassador;
also the famous Sir Sidney Smith, the hero of
Acre; both of whom at the time were passing
through France. There was also an ingenuous
scholar, of feeble health, but exquisite attain-
ments, Joseph Forsyth, author of one of the
best books ever written on Italy. He, too, was
seized. In the preface to his admirable work
his family have recorded the outrage. Read
it if you would know the judgment that awaits
such a transaction. The English historian who
has pictured the events of that time thus
describes this decree:
" This declaration of warwas immediately followed
by an act as unnecessary as it was barbarous, and
which contributed, more perhaps than any otlier cir-
cumstance, to produce that strong feeling of ani-
mosity against Napoleon which pervaded all classes
of the Euglish during the remainder of the contest,
iwo French vessels had been captured, under the
English letters of marque, in the bay of Audierne,
and the first consul made this a pretense for order-
ing the arrest of all the English then traveling in
France between the ages of eighteen and sixty years.
Under this savage decree, unprecedented in the an-
nals of modern warfare, above ten thousand innocent
individuals, who had repaired to Franco in pursuit
of business, science, or amusement, on the faith of
the law of nations, which never extended hostilities
to persons insuch circumstances,were atonceihrown
into prison from whence great numbers of them were
P,SV.0£ liberated until the invasion of the allies in
1814. —Alison, vol, II, p. 198,
Napoleon himself at a later day, when reason
resumed its sway, condemned the act. In his
conversations at St. Helena with Las Casas
he said: " The greater part of these English
were wealthy or noble persons, who were trav-
eling for their amusement. The more novel
the act, the more flagrant its injustice, the
more it answered my purpose." {Ibid., note.)
Here, then, was an admission that the act was
at once novel and unjust. The generals that
surrounded him at the time most reluctantly
enforced it. From the memoirs of the Duchess
D'Abrantes, we learn how poignantly her gal-
lant husband, Junot, took it to heart and pro-
tested. He was unwilling to have anything te
do with such an infamy. Recovering at last
from the stupor caused by the order, he said:
"You know not only my attentiveness to your
person, but my absolute devotion to everything
which concernsyou. It is that devotion which
induces me to hesitate at obeying your orders
and imploring you to take a few hours to reflect
on the measure which you have now com-
manded. Demand my life; demand my blood ;
I will surrender them without hesitation ; but
to aska thing which mnstcover us with ,
I am sure that when you come to yoursel f, and
are no longer fascinated by those around you,
who compel you to violent measures, you wilL
be of my opinion." {Ibid., note.) Every word
of this earnest expostulation may now be
justly addressed to the Senate. You, too,
should you yield to those who insist upon vio-
lent measures, will regret the surrender. Y ju
will grieve that your country has been per-
mitted through you to fall from the great ex-
ample which it owes to mankind. Sir, save
your country; save yourselves.
Suppose the law is passed and the authority
conferred upon the President. Who shall he
seize? What innocent foreigner? It may be
Mr. Dickens, or Mr. Trollope, or Rev. New-
man Hall; or it may be some merchant here
on business, guiltless of any wrong and under
the constant protection of the Public Faith.
The moment you do this you will cover the
country with shame, of which the present bill
will be the painful prelude. You will be guilty
of a barbarism kindred to that of the Abys-
sinian king, Theodorus. You will degrade the
national name, and make it a byword of re-
proach. Sir, now ia the time to arrest this
dishonor. See to it by your votes that it is
impossible forever.
Mr. CONNESS. An amendment I believe
is now in order to the body of the bill, and if
so, I move first to perfect the third section. I
have already submitted an amendment which
has been printed ; but I propose a modification
of that amendment as follows: by striking out
from the seventh, eighth, tenth, eleventh, and
twelfth lines the following words: in the
seventh line, " or if any citizen shall have been
arrested and ;" in the eighth line by striking
out the word ''detained" and inserting the
word " andin the tenth and eleventh lines
by striking out " to suspend in part, or wholly,
commercial relations with the said Government,
or in case no other remedy is available so
that, if thus amended, the section will read :
That whenever it shall be duly made known to the
rresident that any citizen of the United States has
been arrested, and is detained by onv iorf-i°-n Gov-
ernment in contravention of the intent and purpose
of this act, upon the allegation that naturalisation
m the United fetates does not operate to dissolve his
allegiance to his native sovereign, and whose release
upon aemanu shall have been unreasonably delayed
or refused, the President shall be, andhereby is, em-
powered to order the arrest and to detain in oustody
any subject or citizen of such foreign Government
who may be found within the jurisdiction of the
United States, &c.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the_ amendment to the amendment.
Mr. CONNESS. On that I propose to say
a few words.
Mr. SUMNER. I raise a question of order,
as to whether the amendment is in order. The
Senator can move to amend after the amend-
■uent of^the committee ; but, until that is dis-
posed of, it seems to me that any other propo-
Slt™.n way of amendment is out of order.
The PRhSIDKNTpro tempore. The ques-
tion JS on the amendment of the eommiuee.
Mr. CONNESS. I propose this as an
amendment to the amendment.
order6 "^^IDENT pro tempore. That is in
Mr. CONNESS. The honorable Senator
need not be m haste to get to a first vote upon
the proposition that he has submitted. He has
nad an opportunity to present his views, and
ie has given us a learned dissertation on
another subject than that involved in this bill,
including some translation of Latin passages,
tor which we feel under obligation, as usual,
them ! tW1Se We aot ^ave understood
