2158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March-27,
the war, and- that it was not safe to go any
further back, and they therefore- proposed to
, t'lenumber of the Navy at eighty-five hun-
dred seamen and to retain the twelve hundred
and fifty boys and apprentices. I should have
preferred myself to make the force about eight
thousand men and then keep this number of
boys. ^ I -think it is a good thing to have the
boys in the service.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, so do I;
therefore it is that I wish to disagree to
the- first amendment proposed by the com-
mittee to this section, so as to have the.ap-
prentices and boys included in the total force
of eighty-five hundred, and then to agree to
the proviso of the committee, limiting the total
number of these apprentices and boys, within
the eighty-five hundred, to a certain maximum.
I agree with my friend from Massachusetts,
that it is desirable for the interests of the coun-
try and of the Navy that this school of ap-
prenticeship should be kept up ; and that our
young men from Maine—where the ship-build-
ing business has so fallen into disrepute as to
make it desirable for the boys to navigate ships,
rather than build them—and all along the coast
should enter into die Navy young and grow
up in it. They will be useful to us when we
hav'e occasion to settle differences upon the
ocean, undoubtedly. But, Mr. President, in
a state of peace, as we are now, beyond three
leagues from shore, at least—I do not agree
exactly that we are in a state of peace on land
yet, as my friend from Pennsylvania yester-
day thought we were, when he was speaking
of one of his fellow-citizens in Mississippi—
but on the sea I believe we are at peace, unless
the volcano near the island of San Domingo,
which has so troubled one of the President's
counsel they say that he has left him—shall
produce a state of war, [laughter,] we may
therefore reduce the force of our Navy to that
number of officers and men who are only re-
quired for the care and preservation of the
property. You keep up the organization; you
can then fill it up rapidly whenever you have
occasion, and without the least difficulty.
Now, we all know that the Navy, since the
necessity of maintaining the blockade and
chasing pirates has been over, have only had a
holiday season. Our cruisers, it is true, are
on every sea, and we fulfill the poetic idea of
displaying the stars and stripes from sunrise
to sunset over the whole world ; but we do it
at the expense of the people's money; and I
thipk that we can indulge in a little less gala
parade on the ocean and lay up more of our
vessels than are now laid up, and thus be en-
abled to reduce the number of seamen who are
to navigate them to such a point as the other
House proposes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Sen-
ator allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Has the Senator
any information which authorizes him to be-
lieve that we can afford to reduce the effective
force of the Navy below the standard at the
period immediately before the war?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have just about the same
amount of information on this subject that my
friend, the chairman of the committee, says
they had, and that is next to nothing.
Mr. MORIiILL, of Maine. We went on this
presumption, and I submit whether that should
not control in the absence of information: that
during the period of war it was necessary to
increase the Navy, and that now, at the close
of the war, it will be proper to go back pre-
cisely to the effective force of the Navy prior
to the commencement of the war. That would
seem to be justified by the fact that at that
period it was found necessary to maintain so
much force to keep the Navy up; and I sug-
gest to the Senator if this force were necessary
at that period, with the ships we then had iu
commission, whether it is not fair to presume
that at least as much as that is necessary with
the additional ships which have since been put
into the service ?
- Mr. EDMUNDS. I agree that if you are to
navigate all your ships you must keep more
men than this bill -provides for in any way; but
the presumption that I proceed upon—and I do
proceed upon a presumption, just as it seems
the committee did—is based upon our general
knowledge of the course of these affairs.
And my general knowledge of the state of
the Navy in 1860 was, that in the long period
of peace which had followed the Mexican war
and under Administrations which for the most
part commended themselves to what are called
the Democratic instincts of the people the
Navy had been gradually swelling itself, and
that former Secretaries of the Navy had per-
mitted the thing to go beyond thepointof econ-
omy and prudence into such a condition that
in 1800 it ought to have been reduced and
might have been so. Therefore it is, Mr.
President, proceeding upon that presumption,
that 1 feel justified, for one, in believing that
we ought to leavethis section justas the House
left it, with a proviso that within the eighty-
five hundred men the number of apprentices
and boys shall not exceed twelve hundred and
fifty.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I desire
to say that 1 think the Senator from Vermont
has made one of the mostsensible observations
that have been submitted on any bill in this
Chamber recently. He called our attention to
a consideration in connection with these proper
bills which we ought to keep constantly in
view. It seems to be taken for granted that
whenever there lias been an appropriation of
public money or any action heretofore upon
any subject which involves an outlay of money,
we are to assume that in any further act and m
any change which is to take place we are to
increase instead of diminishing. It seems to
be taken for granted that where gentlemen can
show that a certain force has been heretofore
authorized, we are, as a matter of course, to
increase that if we change it at all. 1 do not
accept the argument that several years ago a
particular number of persons was employed iu
our Navy, in connection with the other idea
that that was of course a necessary and proper
arrangement.
i submitted some remarks the other day to
the Senate with reference to a reduction of the
Army. Here we have another opportunity to
pass upon a question of reform. The House
of Representatives, acting on the report of a
committee, whose action upon this subject it
is presumed was taken intelligently, have sent
us a bill here with a particular appropriation
of money ; and now we are asked by the Sen-
ate Committee, so far as I can understand
without any new information, without any
thorough examination of the subject, to in-
crease the amount. Now, sir, as a matter of
principle I shall vote against increasing the
public outlay cither for the Army or for the
Navy, and I am indisposed to vote for any in-
crease of appropriation for any object what-
ever unless there be the most clear and de-
monstrative arguments submitted to prove its
necessity and piopriety.
I think, then, sir, that the argument against
this amendment is conclusive, if we are to act
upon a rule of this sort. It is conclusive be-
cause on behalf of this amendmentnosutficient
cause is shown, and therefore the decision
ought to be against it.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I am un-
able to accept the reasoning of the honorable
Senator from Maine, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, upon one point; and
I ask the attention of the Senate to it. lie in-
forms us that we must either reduce the effective
force of the Navy or dispense with the appren-
tice system. I do not understand it so, sir.
The system of apprenticeship grew up with
the war; it was unknown before. It does not
mean an infant school in which boys of such
tender years as to be useless are reared and
taught. Apprentices in the Navy are effective
men. Why not? And I would inquire, do they
not constitute a part of the effective force of
the Navy? Certainly they are not ineffective
because you call them apprentices. They are
usually young men of more than average in-
telligence. That is implied by the act recog-
nizing them, because we allowed ten each year
to go to the Naval Academy to compete for ad-
mission to that institution, which presupposes
and implies a grade of men certainly likely
to be quite as efficient on board a ship as the
ordinary run of those who enter the Navy.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. They must be
boys; they are not men. Those who enter
the Naval Academy are boys.
Mr. CONKLING. But they are of what
age? Eighteen?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There is a limit.
They must have served some time as appren-
tices before they can be sent to the Academy
Mr. CONKL1NG. How long?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not know.
Mr. CONKLING. The time may be ever
so short,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. They must be
boys, not men.
Mr. CONKLING. The recollection of the
honorable Senator from Maine is like my own.
They maybe eighteen years of age. Doyoung
men_ eighteen years of age, and above medioc-
rity in point of intelligence as a class, consti-
tute no part of the efficient force of the Navy
when you are speaking of seamen, of the various
grades of men belonging to the Navy? I sub-
mit, sir, that it is not so at all. It is a fallacy
to suppose that the House of Representatives
intended, by as much as they recognized and
continued the establishment of apprentices,
by so much to impair or diminish the effective
force of the Navy.
There is another thing. The honorable Sen-
ator says that before the war there were eight
hundred boys, and I think the Senator from
Massachusetts specified more minutely than
that; eight hundred and something, i think
he said ; I could not catch precisely the num-
ber he gave.
Mr. WILSON. I said about eight hundred.
Mr. _ CONKLING. That is speaking very
much in the air, as I understand. I heard the
statement made by the Senator from Iowa
which the statement here refers to, and he ran
through his mind a general computation, from
which he thought there might have been some-
where in that neighborhood. It is not my
information at all that there was any such
number. Boys in the Navy before were pow-
der-boys, powder-monkeys, as they were called,
and their services were required only in spe-
cial cases. When salutes were to be "fired and
certain things to be done these boys were in
requisition ; and they added nothing to the
effective force of the Navy. They were mouths
to be fed, to be sure ; but they were never rated.
There was the fact that there was this number,
whatever it may have been, of small hoys.
Now, the result will be, taking the induce-
ments which we have offered to apprentices,
taking the pay and the object which wc have
presented to the apprentices, that if we make
the whole number of the Navy eighty-five
hundred, and then provide that not more than
a certain number shall consist of boys and
apprentices, the complement of apprentices
will be full; and they are to be counted, as I
have already said, as a part of the effective
force of the Navy in its strictest sense, and the
only diminution which will occur will be in the
fact that by as many boys as there are by so
much there will not be efficient men.
What is the objection to that? What is the
theory upon which we are to look back and
see how much money was ever appropriated
for a given purpose, and then insist upon it
that there must not be any less than that? At
Other times, when propositions of reduction
have been made here, I have heard Senators
say in regard to each of them that it was a
leap in the dark; it, was going without any in-
formation. Sir, this is not a proceeding with-
out information. Every Senator, without in-
vestigation, can ascertain, I think, beyond a
question, whether any interest is to be endan-
gered by displacing four or five hundred sea-
men by making the Navy four or five hundred
