1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1135
strike down the salaries of the poor clerks in
that way, let it be done.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Com-
mittee on Appropriations do not propose to
"strike down the salaries" at all. We pro-
pose to appropriate.for the salaries as estab-
lished by the original law, which we think suf-
ficient.
Mr. PIKE. But here is a law of 18G6 mak-
ing a different provision with* regard to these
clerks.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
For compensation of five watchmen and two labor-
ers of the building, $4,752.
Mr. PIKE. I move to amend by striking
out in the paragraph just read theword ''five"
and inserting in lieu thereof the word "nine,"
so as to provide for nine watchmen. I hope,
Mr. Chairman, that this mania for economy is
satisfied at present by this assault upon the
salaries of three or four clerks of the Navy
Department. The building for which these
watchmen are required is not fire-proof. It
is heated by steam; and in the winter season
there are in that building more than fifty
different fires. The destruction of the build-
ing by fire would involve an irreparable loss.
The authorities there do not consider it safe
to leave the building in charge of only two
watchmen each night. The watchmen go on
duty at three o'clock in the afternoon and
remain until eight o'clock the next morning.
In the opinion of those who have the charge
and the responsibility in connection with the
building, it is necessary to have the number
of watchmen proposed in my amendment.
With this statement I submit the matter to
the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. In reply
to the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Pike,] I
have only to say that the committee, after
examining this matter, came to the conclusion
that five watchmen and two laborers—seven
men, at an expense of $4,752—are quite
enough for watching the Navy Department.
I think the House will concur in this opinion.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Post Office Department:
For compensation of the PostmasterGeneral, $8,000;
three assistant Postmasters General, at S3,500 each,
$10,500; superintendent of money-order system,$2,500;
chief clerk, $2,200; three chief clerks, at $2,000 each,
$6,000; additional to one clerk of class four, as dis-
bursing clerk, $200; eleven clerks of class four, $19,800;
forty-nine clerks of class three, $78,400; forty-five
clerks of class two, $63,000; twenty-three clerks of
class one, 527,600; fifty female clerks, at $900 each,
$45,000; ten folders, $7,200; one messenger and three
assistants,.at $1,000 each, $4,000; nine watchmen, at
$720 each, $6,480; fifteen laborers, at $720 each, §10,800.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to amend by
adding at the end of the paragraph just read,
"for twenty-five clerks in dead-letter office,
under act of January 21,1862, $20,000.'' Mr.
Chairman, the paragraph following that just
read proposes to appropriate "for temporary
clerks, $20,000." The estimate, as given to
the committee, proposed an appropriation of
$40,000 for the latter purpose, the item read-
ing, "for temporary clerks, per act of January
21, 1862, 12 Laws, page 332, $40,000." This
appropriation was too large. Besides, those
are not temporary clerks. The act of January
21, 1862, allowed to the Department for the
dead-letter office twenty-five clerks at an aver-
age salary of $800, making $20,000. But the
business of the dead-letter office has increased
so much since the passage of that law that the
Department has been obliged to employ tempo-
rary clerks, and the appropriation for their pay
has been made under the head of temporary
clerks. They now require the original appro-
priation under the law of $20,000 and they want
$20,000 in addition for temporary clerks. I
understand from the Post Office Department
this is required as an imperative necessity, and
I hope the committee will adopt the amend-
ment. 1 hope there will be no objection on
the part of the acting chairman of the com-
mittee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPALDING. In the next line I move
to make it read, " For temporary clerks in the
dead-letter office, $20,000." Last year we
appropriated $17,OOOfor these temporary clerks
in the dead-letter office. They now want $3,000
more, making $20,000.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Would it not be best
to let these temporary clerks be employed at
the discretion of the Department ?
Mr. SPALDING. I withdraw my amend-
ment if the chairman of the Post Office Com-
mittee thinks it best.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The committee can
well understand, while so many new offices are
being reopened in the southern States and the
postal afi'airs there are in such confusion, it is
necessary the Department should employ tem-
porary clerks in addition to those employed in
the dead-letter office.
The Clerk read as follows:
For contingent expenses of the Post Office De-
partment:
For blank books, binding, stationery, fuel, lights,
laborers, and furnishing apartments for additional
letter-carriers and elerks of the money-order system,
865,000.
Mr. SPALDING. The estimate as sent to
us was for $85,000. I move to strike out
"$65,000" and insert " $80,000." It is said
the estimate was closely made and cannot be
dispensed with. I hope the amendment will
be adopted.
_Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, I hope it
will not be adopted. The appropriation last
year was only $56,000, and I do not see any
necessity for any increase over that.
Mr. SPALDING. I can tell the gentleman
why this increase is necessary. Among other
expenditures they are fitting uj3 sixty rooms for
additional clerks, and the furniture for all those
rooms is included in this appropriation. Every
dollar of it is required.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I move to add one
dollar. I rise for the purpose of calling the
attention of the committee to the note from
the Postmaster General accompanying this
estimate:
"Note.—The increased appropriation for the next
fiscal year for contingent expenses is rendered neces-
sary by the large increase of rooms provided by the
completion of the post office building and the neces-
sity for additional heating apparatus."
That is what makes it necessary there should
be this increased appropriation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The sub-
committee went to the Post Office Department
and made a thorough examination of this mat-
ter. They found we had appropriated $56,000
last year, and they believed $65,000 would be
all-sufficient.
Mr. SPALDING. I wish to say to my friend
from Illinois that the sub-committee were at
the Post Office Department this morning, and
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Phelps,]
if here, would concur with me as to the neces-
sity of this amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw my
amendment to the amendment.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 33, noes 47; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Spaldixg and
Mr. Wasiiburxe, of Illinois, were appointed.
The committee again divided, and there
■were—ayes thirty, noes not counted.
Mr. SPALDING said he did not insist on a
further division.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department of Agriculture:
For compensation ot Commissioner of Agriculture,
$3,000; chief clerk, $2,000; entomologist,$2,000; chem-
ist, $2,000; superintendent of experimental gardens, !
$2,000; botanist, $1,400; supeiintendent of seed-room, j
$1,800; librarian, $1,800; superintendent of folding- !
room, $1,200; two clerks of class four, $3,600; four !
olerks of class three, $6,100; six clerks of class two, :
$8,400; seven elerks of olass one, $8,400; five copyists j
and attendants in museum, at $1,000 each, $5,000; •
three messengers, at $840 each, $2,520 ;J:wo watchmen, \
at $864 each, $1,728; six laborers, at $720 each, $4,320.
Mr. HOLM AN. I move to strike out "su-
perintendent of experimental gardens, $2,000."
Mr. Chairman, it seems to be a little remark-
able, after the attempt at economy inaugurated
by the Committee on Appropriations, that the
items connected with this establishment should
have been retained. I think there is no ex-
penditure made by this Government that is less
productive of useful results than the appropri-
ations made for the experimental garden. I
find this bill contains appropriations to the
amount of some twelve thousand dollars for
that purpose. That garden has been" increas-
ing its expenditures gradually for the last four
or five years, and I am not aware of any ben-
eficial result springing from it. It is, in fact,
a duplication of the Botanical Garden; it is of
thesame character; ithas a conservatory, and
the articles cultivated are of the same general
character.; and I would like to know if any
gentleman on this floor is aware of a single
article distributed among his constituents from
that garden, or of any information derived from
it of any practical advantage to the agriculture
or horticulture of the country. I think it is
an unnecessary and extravagant thing; its ex-
penditures are constantly increasing, and we
ought to stop them right here.
Why, sir, this bill appropriates some fourteen
thousand dollars for this fancy garden, for the
cultivation of articles of elegance and luxury
at this Capitol, while it only appropriates
$25,000 for the purchase of seeds and other
articles for general distribution, and that, too,
as against §60,000 under the late order of
things and $150,000 for a previous year. Only
$25,000 are appropriated to the general pur-
poses of agriculture for its encouragement,
while for these fancy articles, for the cultiva-
tion of flowers, we have an appropriation of
•$14,000. It is an unwarrantable expenditure,,
in my judgment, and one that ought to be met
right here and nipped in the bud, because in a
few years the expenditure will be so large as
to furnish an argument for the continuance of
the establishment. I hope not only this appro-
priation will be stricken out but all the subse-
quent appropriations for the same purpose will
be met in the same way.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I hope the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Holman] will not prevail, because I think if
he has not received any benefit from this ex-
perimental garden he has not done what he
might have done. They are constantly exper- _
imenting in the culture of fruits of all kinds,
grapes, pears, apples, strawberries, and all the
smaller fruits, and they are sending out the
result of their observations over the whole
country. I have in my hand an amendment,
which I shall offer at the proper time, as soon
as this one is disposed of, to provide for an
assistant superintendent for this experimental
garden, believing, as I do, from the report of
the Commissioner, that it is absolutely neces-
sary. Therefore I hope the amendment will
not prevail.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will state
that this was the amount appropriated for
the present fiscal year, together with another
amount of $1,200 for an assistant superintend-
ent. The present Commissioner of Agricul-
ture sent in a revised estimate, in which he
estimated for both of these officers, namely,
$2,000 for the superintendent of the experi-
mental garden, and $1,200 for the assistant
superintendent. The committee cut out the
assistant superintendent and left the other in
the bill.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. By the unanimous
vote of the Committee on Agriculture I am
instructed to offer the following amendment:
At the end of line eight hundred and ninety-nine
^Statistician, $2,000; assistant chemist, $1,600; as-
sistant superintendent of experimental garden ana
grounds, 81,200; assistant superintendent of seed~
room, $1,200; disbursing clerk, $1,800.
I desire to state, in support of the amend-
ment, that immediately after the present Com-
missioner of Agriculture was appointed I called
upon him, feeling satisfied that the estimates
submitted by the late acting commissioner
were too large, larger than the Department
required, and requested him to revise the esti-
