1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3183
from the same person from whom he presented
a memorial the other day?
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. No, bir; it is not from
Austin. Some two hundred or more names
were sent forward here by party friends in
North Carolina, certifying "that they ought to
have their disabilities removed. The Judiciary
Committee eould practically know nothing
about them. They took this certificate ; the
names of those persons were put in the bill;
and it is to be passed through. Of necessity,
you do no justice in the case. It is simply a
recommendation to us based upon the recom-
mendation of party friends in North Carolina ;
and it must be so. I do not blame the com-
mittee, because they cannot examine the cases
and try two hundred men before the commit-
tee. They cannot try fifty thousand men and
determine this question. We have got to
determine it by some general law. There is
no other way in which justice can be attained.
I have no purpose to speak with a view to
delay the action of the Senate. I have never,
I believe, spoken before the Senate for the
purpose of' occupying time. I simply desire to
present these points which force themselves
upon my inind. I desire that the Judiciary
Committee should bring forward some general
proposition requiring a man to give bonds, or
that he take oaths of allegiance, or something,
so that it can be applied generally, and not
applied simply to partisans on one side; that
if a man believes in certain political doctrines
we will remove his disabilities.
I have papers before me referring to several
of the persons named in this bill, showing that
they were among the most active among the
secessionists of North Carolina, stating partic-
ularly what part they took in the rebellion;
but I do not desire to mention them by name,
nor to go into the details or the particulars.
It would take up time to do it; but among the
list contained in the bill are men who were the
most active of all the secessionists of North
Carolina—men who were members of the con-
vention, who signed the ordinance of secession,
persons who administered the laws in relation
to conscription, persons who administered the
laws in relation to the shooting of deserters by
hundreds, men who were the bloodiest kind of
rebels, if we are to judge from the part they took
in the rebellion. But, sir, I do not care to go
into the details or the particulars. I simply
desire to protest that this is not the true mode
in which to reach this evil. The Judiciary
Committee should provide some general legis-
lation, so "that if a man brings himself within
certain rules to be established he shall be
entitled to amnesty.
Mr. FOWLER. I suppose that the clause
in the constitutional amendment which this bill
is intended to provide against was inserted for
the reason that these persons in the south-
ern States were not deemed safe persons to
exercise the right of suffrage and hold office.
If that was true at the time that clause was
inserted i.n the constitutional amendment, it is
true to-day, in my judgment. I do not think
a sufficient length of time has elapsed to en-
able us to determine whether these persons are
yet competent to exercise the right of fran-
chise. if it had, I see no good reason why
the bill might not be made general and applied
to ail. A great many of the persons included in
this bill are not much betterthan the others. In
my opinion, it would be better to postpone
this subject until the whole country is satisfied
that these persons ought to be admitted to
their privileges as citizens of the UnitedStates,
and then a general bill could be passed by the
Congress of the United States for the relief of
these men. I shall, therefore, vote against
this bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the passage of the bill.
Mr. STEWART. On that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The PRES1DEN £ pro tempore. The ques-
tion will be taken by yeas and nays, it^ being
necessary that two thirds should vote for the
bill to pass it.
ihe question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas So, nays G, as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron.CatteU, Chand-
ler, Colo, Oonno&s, Oorbctt, Urtwrm, Kerry,i'essenden,
Italian, llendert-on, Howard, Howe, Johnson, Mor-
gan, Morrill ot Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
IS ye, Patterson of New Hampshire, Patterson of Ten-
nessee, Pomeroy, Ross, Sherman, Spragruo, Stewart,
Sumner, Thayer, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Willey,
Vv lllwms, "Wilson, and Yates—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Buekalew, Davis, Fowler, Me-
Creery. Vickers, and Wade—6.
,. ABSENT—Messrs. Baya-d, Conkling, Dixon, Doo-
Iittle,Drake, Edmunds, Freii nghuysen, Grimes, Hend-
ricks, Norton, Ramsey', Saulsbury, and Tipton—13.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On this
question the yeas are 35 and the nays 0. Two
thirds having voted in the affirmative, the bill
is passed.
On motion of Mr. STEWART, the title of
the bill was amended so as to read: A bill to
relieve disability of certain persons engaged in
the late rebellion.
MESSAGE PROM TIIE HOUSE.
_ A message from the Ilouse of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. Ii. No.
1218) appropriating money to sustain the In-
dian commission and carry out treaties made
thereby, in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the amendment of the Senate to
the bill (EL R. No. 870) to remove political
disabilities from Roderick R. Butler, of Ten-
nessee.
The message further announced that the
House requested the return of the joint reso-
lution (EL R. No. 231) giving additional com-
pensation to certain employes in the civil
service of the Government at Washington,
yesterday transmitted to the Senate for con-
currence.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; and they were thereupon signed by the
President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 534) relating to contested elec-
tions in the city of Washington, District of
Columbia; and
A bill (H. R. No. 870) to remove political
disabilities from Roderick R. Butler, of Ten-
nessee.
RETURN OF A JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the joint1;
resolution (H. 11. No. 291) giving additional'
compensation to certain emplov6s in the civil
service of the Government at Washington be ]
returned to the House of Representatives in
accordance with the request they have just sent
to us.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of War,
communicating, in obedience to law, a state-
ment of contracts made by the quartermaster's
department during the month of May, 1868;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to be
printed.
RECEPTION OF TIIE CHINESE EMBASSY.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Chair did me the
honor, yesterday, to appoint me one of the ;
committee to provide for the reception of the j
Chinese Embassy in the Senate Chamber. I;
am called awav by other duties, and shall not!
be able to discharge this particular function, j
1 therefore ask to be excused, and that my j
place may be supplied by the Chair. :
The question being put, Mr. Johnson was
excused. I
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair !
will appoint Mr. Hendricks in place of Mr. j
Johnson on that committee. ;
HOUSE BILL REFERRED. j
The bill (IT. R. No. 1218) appropriating:
money to sustain the Indian commission and j
carry out treaties made thereby was read twice j
by its title. j
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, if there be no objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. As that is a matter of
pressing necessity, I think it should go to the
Committee on Appropriations. It came from
the Committee on Appropriationsin the House.
Ihe PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
CIVIL A IMPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. POMEROY submitted an amendment,,
to be proposed to the bill (H. It. No. 818)
making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1809, and for other purposes; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
NATIONAL BANKS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order is now before the Senate.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
440) supplementary to an act entitled "An act
to provide a national currency secured by a
pledge of United States bonds, end to provide
for the circulation and redemption thereof,"
approved June 3, 1804, the pending question
being on tlife amendment of Mr. Davis to the
amendment proposed by the Committee on
Finance as the fifth section of the bill. The
amendment of the committee is in these words:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted.. That section
twenty-two of the act aforesaid bo so amended that
the maximum limit of national circulation, fixed by
said act, is hereby increased the sum of $20,000,000,
which amount shall be issued only to banking asso-
ciations oltfanized in States and Territories having
a less circulation than five dollars per each inhab-
itant, and so as to equalize the circulation in such
States and Territories in proportion to population.
The amendment of Mr. Davis is to strike
out all of the section after the enacting clause
and to insert:
That there shall bo withdrawn by the Comptroller
of the Currency from the banks of any State or Ter-
ritory that may havo an excess of circulation notes
upon the principles of their distribution as regulated
bv law and the rules established by the Treasury
Department, and the circulation notes so withdrawn
shall be distributed by the Comptroller of the Cui-
rency among the national banks of such States and
Territories as may have less than their proper pro-
portion of circulation notes.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Mr. President, I wish
to submit a few remarks in reference to the
section now under consideration—the fifth sec-
tion of the amendment offered by the Senator
from Ohio. I am disposed to vote for the sec-
tion as it stands in the bill, if it can be so
passed, although I think it proper for me to
declare my dissent from some of the principles
which it contains. I accept it as a good deal
less than half a loaf when we cannot get the
whole. I think something further should be
done in reference to the want that this section
proposes to remedy. I object particularly to
the last clause of the section, although 1 do
not know that its remaining in the section can
do any harm. The words are, "And so to
equalize the circulation of such States and Ter-
ritories in proportion to population." Popu-
lation is so manifestly an improper means of
estimating the fair share of circulation which
should go to each State and Territory, that I
presume I need not discuss it at any length.
If the distribution of circulation now was con-
fined to population, especially at the rate here
fixed, at five dollars per head, I should like to
ask my friend from Rhode Island [Mr. An-
thony] what would become of his State ? and
I might ask the same question of the Senators
from Massachusetts where the population is
small compared with the extent of their busi-
ness.
1 am desirous also to make these remarks,
because a sub-eommittee consisting of two
members of the Finance Committee, the Sen-
ator from New York, [Mr. Mohgan,] and our
late associate, Mr. Guthrie, and myself, pre-
pared and submitted to the Senate a bill on
this subject of the equalization of the circula-
tion throughout the Union, which was referred
to the Finance Committee. As that measure
