2160
THE CONGrRESSIOFAL GLOBE
March 2t,
Mri MORRILL, of Maine. I do not sup-
pose we ares to act on the judgment of the
Hp,use of, Representatives. I suppose we are
to act on ,our own judgment.
Mr. CONKLING. So do I.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understood
the Senator to sit down saying thathe proposed
to act oil, their judgment.
Mr, CONKLING. Oh, no; butlproposed
to uet on this occasion which is presented by
the House.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On this occa-
sion ! _, Now, sir, I do not propose to act on
their judgment on any occasion. I propose to
acton my own judgment, and I propose to draw
it from such sources within my own knowledge
as are reliable. Now, sir, it is not true, as the
honorable Senator supposes, that what is pro-
posed here would add twelve hundred and
fifty to the force of the Navy as it existed
prior to the war. That is his proposition. I
say it is not true, as the honorable Senator
undoubtedly supposes it to be. The Navy, as
it stood before the war, was eighty-five hun-
dred men, rank and file ; and then there were
about eight hundred boys connected with it,
and an essential part of it, a necessary part
of it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Was that limited by law?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not think
it was limited by law; but I understand that
to have been the number of boys who were
connected with the Navy in one capacity and
another. Then the Navy would stand ninety-
three hundred. That is what it was including
the boys. So it will stand if this bill passes
as we propose to amend it, with four hundred
and fifty added to that. For what? To meet
the demands of a law which was passed since
the rebellion began. Since the period when
the boys were added to the naval service we
have passed a law which authorized the enlist-
ment of apprentices; and under that some
three or four hundred boys have been enlisted;
and the question was whether we should make
provision for them; whether we should go back
to the old peace establishment, and say there is
no further, demand for them in the Navy in
actual service. Is it not propable, is it not
reasonable, to believe that you can go back to
that period ? The only information we had on
the subject was that we knew that we had an
establishment anterior to the war, and that it
was fixed at certain numbers; and if it were
adequate for the service then it was reason-
able to suppose that it might be adequate to
the service now. But does it follow, as the
Senator from New York has argued, that you
can go beyond that? Has he any information
outside of the action of the House of Repre-
sentatives which authorizes him to slriko down
the service one man below that ? Nobody pre-
tends that we have. Why do we stop at the
peace establishment? Because a just pre-
sumption, I submit for legislation, was author-
ized by the fact that we had that service, and
it was not safe to go below that; and we had
no information on the subject which authorized
us to believe the service could be reduced be-
low that.
So the committee on the part of the Senate
undertook to place the numbers in exact con-
formity with the Navy establishment at the
beginning of the war, adding the apprentices
which have been added by law since. Now,
if the Senate are of opinion that the establish-
ment ought to be maintained as it was, includ-
ing the boys, and also maintaining the appren-
tice system, then this amendment is right. If
the Senate have the information which justifies
them in believing that they can reduce the naval
establishment below the demands of the service
before the war, then they can afford to them
the action of the House; but as the committee
had no information to authorize them to make
any reduction of that kind, and presumed that
the demands of the service now are at least
equal to what they were at the beginning of
the war, we fixed on that basis, and that is all
there is of it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. 1 he ques-
tion is on the amendment reported by the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. CONKLING called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cragin, Fesscnden, 3?relin{<huysen,
Henderson, Hendricks, Howe. Morrill of Maine, Nor-
ton, Nye, Patterson of New Hampshire, Pomeroy,
Ramsey, Ross, Sumner, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wil-
ley, Williams, and Wilson—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Chandler, Conkling,
Davis, Dixon, Edmunds, Morgan, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Patterson of Tennessee, Sherman, Stewart,
Thayer, Tipton, and Wade—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cameron,
Cattell, Cole, Oonness, Corbett, Doolittle, Drake,
I'er.ry, Fowler, Grimes, Harlan, Howard, Johnson,
McCreery, Morton, Saulsbury, Sprague,Vickers,and
Yates—21.
message from tub house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 19) directing that certain moneys
now in the hands of the United States Treas-
urer, as special agent of the Treasury Depart-
ment, be covered by warrant into the United
States Treasury.
TAX ON MANUFACTURES.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 900) to exempt
certain manufactures from internal tax.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope we shall action
the conference report upon the manufactu:
tax bill at once. I send it to the Chair.
The Secretary read the report, as follows:
Tho committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of tho two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (JI. R. No. UOU) to exempt ceitain manufactures
from internal tax. having met, after fall and free con-
ference have agreed to recommend, and do recom-
mend to their respective Houses, as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the second amendment of the Senate and agree to the
same.
That the House rceedo from their amendment to
tho third amendment of the Senate and agreo to the
said Senate amendment with an amendment, as fol-
lows:
Insert in lieu of tho said Senate amendment, after
tho enacting clause, the words:
That alter tho 1st day of June next no drawback
of internal taxes paid on manufactures shall bo al-
lowed on the exportation of any article of domestic
manufacture on which there is no internal tax at
the time ef exportation; nor shall such drawback be
allowed in any ease unless it shall be proved by t worn
evidence, in writing, to the satisfaction of tho Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, that the tax had been
paid, and that such articles of manufacture weie,
prior to the 1st day of April, 18()S, actually purchased
or actually manufactured and contracted for, to be
delivered for such exportation; and no claim tor such
drawback, or for any drawback of internal tax on
exhortations made prior to the passage of this act,
shall be paid unless presented to the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue before the 3stda> of October,
1368.
And the Senate agree to the same.
They recommend that tho House recede from their
amendment t<> tho fourth amendment of the Senate
and agree to the same with an amendment, as follows :
Insert in lieu of said Senate amendment the fol-
lowing:
Srco. 4. And bo, it further enacted, That every per-
son, lirm, or corporation who shall manufacture, by
hand or machinery, any goods, wares, or merchan-
dise nototherwise specifically taxed as such, or who
shall be engaged in the manufacture or preparation
for sale of any articles or compounds not otherwise
specifically taxed, or shall put up for sale in pack-
ages with his own name or trade mark thereon any
articles or compounds not otherwise specifically
taxed, and whose annual sales exceed $5,000, shall
pay for every additional $1,000 in excels of #5,000,
two dollars, and the amount of sales within the year
in excess of $3,000 shall be returned monthly to the
a-ssistani assessor, and the tax oil sales in excess of
$5,000 shall be assessed by the assessor and paid
monthly as other monthly taxes are assessed and
paid. And the assessment for the month of April,
A. D.1868, shall he made on the excess of sales above
the rate of $5,000 per annum, and thereafter tho an-
nual period for the assessment of such tax shall com-
mence on tho 1st day of May in each year.
Sec. 5. And be it further enactcd, That every per-
son who shall engage in or carry on the business of
a distiller with intent to defraud the United States
of tho tax on the spirits distilled by him. or any part
thereof, shall forfeit the distillery ami distilling ap-
paratus "used by him, and all distilled spirits and all
raw materials for the production ot distilled spirits
found in the distillery and on thedistillery premi&es,
and shall, on conviction, be fined not less than $500
nor more than $5,000, and be imprisoned not less
than six months nor more than three yoars. If it
shall at any time e&me to the knowledge of the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue that distilled spirits
are selling, directly or indirectly, in any collection
district at a market price less than the tax on such
spirits, he shall forthwith institute a striet examina-
tion into the causes of such reduced sales, and into
the business and conduct of all the revenue officers
in the district in which such sales are being made,
and in the district in which such spirits have been
manui:ictured, and if such sales below the amount
of tax .-hall have been continued or shall hereafter
be continued in any collection district for a period
of ten days, the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
shall forthwith cause every distillery in which tho
business of distilling is carried on in tho district to
be seized and closed; and after such seizure no such
distillery shall be permitted to continue or resume
business, cither under bond or under any other pro-
text or arrangemept, until relieved by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue from such seizure.
Skc. 0. Andbc itJurther enacted, Thatif any officer
or agent appoiu tdl and acting under the authority of
any revenue law of the United States shall be guilty
of gross neglect in the discharge of any of the duties
of his office, or shall conspire or collude with any
other person to defraud the United States, or shall
make opportunity for any person to defraud tho
United States, or shall do or omit to do any act with
intent to enable any other person to defraud the
United States, or shall make or sign any false cer-
tificate or return in any case where he is by law or
regulation required to make a certificate or return,
or having knowledge or information of the violation
of any revenue law by any person, or of fraud com-
mitted by any person against the United States, under
any revenue law of the United States, shall fail to
report in writing such knowledge or information to
his next superior officer and to the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, he shall, on conviction, be fined
not less than $1,000nor more than $5,000, and shall bo
imprisoned not loss than six months nor more than
throo years.
And tho Senate agree to the .same.
/ JOHN SHERMAN,
GEORGE H. WILLIAMS,
E. D. MORGAN,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
KOBERT C. SCHENCK,
S. HOOPER,
WM, 15. N1BLACK,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. If Senators wish any ex-
planation of any particular point I can give it.
1 can state that all the Senate amendments are
agreed to substantially. The first amendment
disagreed to by the House was our second
amendment, that in regard to contracts exe-
cuted by the United States. The House have
receded from their disagreement to that. The
next amendment was in regard to exportations.
The only changc made by the conference re-
port in the Senate amendment is to postpone
the taking effect, of that clause to the 1st of
June instead of the 1st of April, so as to allow
parties to complete contracts already made.
It is confined simply to that purpose, to per-
mit the exportation of goods where contracts
have been made,, so as to allow the parties to
execute their contracts. The tax: on sales is
substantially the same as the Senate provided
lor, reducing the aggregate from $10,000 to
§■5,000.
The two criminal sections attached to the
fourth amendment of the Senate were put on
in the House of Representatives in what we
supposed to be an obnoxious form. They
have been entirely redrafted, and amount sub-
stantially to this : that where a distiller carries
on business in fraud of the revenue, intending
to defraud, he shall be liable to fine and im-
prisonment, and where distilling is carried on
in a district or city where for more than ten
days whisky is sold at a less price than the tax,
without counting anything for the cost of pro-
duction, in such cases the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue is authorized to seize the
distilleries and to stop them. The House sec-
tion, as adopted by that body, at first regarded
it as evidence of fraud on a criminal trial, and
men might be convicted for the result of acts
over which they had no control. The section,
however, as it now stands, simply authorizes
and directs the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue to close the distilleries and suspend the
distillation. Then the last section punishes
for clearly-defined crimes officers of the rev-
enue who with intent to commit a fraud do
commit a fraud.
These two sections the conferees on the part
of the Senate were indisposed to allow to be
attached to this bill, on the ground that they
related to whisky, a subject-matter not em-
braced in the bill; but the Commissioner of
