3184
THE COX (xJiESSION AL GLOBE.
June 16j
received no action at the previous session I
again prepared the bill,with some slight modi-
fications, and submitted it to the, Senate and
had it referred to the Pinance Committee at
this session. T am thus, 1 may say, pledged,
as it were,'to the increase of the circulation,
and upon principles which appear to me much
more just and equitable than the section that
is now before us. However, as I have said, I
will accept that section as a part of this bill,
supposing I can get nothing better, because I
know that the want of additional bank capital
is great, and that plain justice, to say nothing
of the business of the country, demands that
some such provision should be extended.
In the bill of which I have spoken the sub-
committee endeavored to ascertain some fair
ratio upon which this equalization could be
based. The previous legislation on the sub-
ject bad established the rule that one half of
the circulation was to be distributed according
to population, and the other half according to
the business, banking capital, &c., of the State,
in the judgment of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, or of the Comptroller of the Currency.
By some means, when the new banking law
was passed this section was left out, and after-
ward, after an interval of a year or more, the
section was again inserted; so that that now
stands as the rule for equalizing the circulation,
and the only rule.
I ask the pardon of the Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. 1)avis] for forgetting that his prop-
osition is under consideration at the present
time ; but my remarks have as much reference
to his amendment as they have to the measure
before us.
It was under these circumstances that the
New England States obtained an excess of the
circulation ; and I am happy to say that, in my
opinion, it was by no means their fault. It was
not in consequence of any grasping disposition
on their part, or any desire to obtain for them-
selves what they were not willing to allow to
others. On the contrary, when this banking
law was first passed, when the system was first
put in operation, the banks and the people of
.New England and of every other portion of the
country were strongly solicited to embark in
it in order that the system might be started.
Again, when it was found that it was impos-
sible that the national circulation and the cir-
culation of the then remaining State banks
could exist together, or could circulate to-
gether without disadvantage, at least to the
national circulation, they were strongly urged
to convert their remaining State banks into
national banks,which they generally did ; and,
in fact, an amendment was passed to the law
at that time by which the preference was given
to the remaining State banks. They availed
themselves of this, and the result is that they
have now an excess of the circulation.
There is another consideration connected
■with it. On the plan that I proposed the
excess would not be so great as it now seems ;
and from some calculations that were made at
the time by myself and the gentlemen asso-
ciated with me in the sub-committee I am per-
suaded, although our data were considerably
vague, that the State of NewYork, for instance,
has not to-day any excess of circulation.
I will, with the permission of the Senate,
state some of the features of that plan._ By
it population was an element in ascertaining
the ratio of circulation, but it was not the only
element. It was compounded with the pro-
ductions, mineral, manufacturing, and agri-
cultural, of each State ; that is to say, the
amount to be given to each State was ascer-
tained by a compounded ratio of its population
and production. Although Ishould not, if that
bill was before the Senate, insist upon pre-
cisely that mode of ascertaining it, I am sat-
isfied it is the best that could possibly be
adopted. Under the law as it stands, it is not
even a combined ratio of population and pro-
duction or capital or business, or whatever
they call it. It is simply dividing one half
according to the population—a very unfair and
untrue basis—and dividing the other half ac-
cording to the opinion of some officer of the
business, &c., of the States. That plan pro-
posed to reduce to certainty what can be
reduced to certainty and ought to be reduced
to certainty. It proposed to resort to the
census, the decennial enumeration of the busi-
ness and persons of the United States ; and
taking that as the basis to ascertain what is the
population and what is the production of every
State, and by compounding those ascertain
the ratio. As I said before, I am satisfied
that that is the fairest and most equitable way
by which this could be done; but I was not
wedded precisely to that plan if a better one,
or one apparently better, could have been
suggested.
As a further provision, when this ratio had
been ascertained, $300,000,000 were to be
apportioned among the several States. Three
hundred million dollars was the limit of the cir-
culation of these banks. Every State was to be
assigned its portion under that $300,000,000,
and States that had not their fair share now
were to have it after. That would still leave
some States in excess to a greater or less degree.
The increase is not so great as it would at first
appear, as I provided that the circulation of
the banks in States having an excess should be
reduced ten per cent, of their capital; that is,
those now circulating ninety percent, of their
capital should circulate eighty per cent.; but
this reduction was not to take place except as
the bills were returned to the Treasury to be
destroyed, and in case of a bank failing, or
anything of that kind, of course it would lose
the benefit of that circulation afterward.
My calculation was—and 1 must again apol-
ogize for a calculation that is made upon such
vague data, but 1 made it the best way I could
and after considerable reflection—that that
would add not to exceed $-10,000,000 to the
circulation of the whole country; and it is
done in this way: the excess that is now
talked of, for instance, in the State of Massa-
chusetts, is not as great as it is represented ;
that is, it is represented as much greater than
it would be on a fairand equitable distribution
of the circulation. I had provided, also, that
the first benefits of this increased circulation
should be given to State banks for six months
from the passage of the act, taking that feature
from the amendatory law which was introduced
here, and to which I have already referred. I
then had a further provision similar to that
offered to this section by the Senator from Ver-
mont [Mr. Morbill] yesterday, namely, that
if the circulation at any tune exceeded
$300,000,000, a number of greenbacks equal
in amount to the excess should be withdrawn
from circulation and permanently destroyed.
I think this plan provided, perhaps, for any
case that was likely to occur, and ought not,
I think, to be obnoxious to the objections that
have been made on this floor on both sides.
In the first place, it had the grand merit, or
purported to have, and was designed to have,
the grand merit of being equal and just to all
the States and Territories. In the second
place, the increase, if any, would have been
very slow and gradual, because banks cannot
be established in a day, and if there was any
excess of the amount designed as circulation
for the national banks it would be got rid of
by redeeming as many greenbacks. I think
that the one circulation, for all practical pur-
poses, especially with the resumption of specie
payments, would be as good as the other. I
do not see that any injury would have been
effected in any way, while the general inter-
ests would, perhaps, have been benefited.
1 should like to call the attention of my
western and northwestern friends, and perhaps
others, to this consideration. We are plunged
every year into a time of shortness of money
and high exchanges. High prices must be
paid for money whenever the crops come to be
moved. We have not banking capital enough.
This planwotild give to Ohio, and to every west-
ern State beyond it, perhaps, an increase of
banking circulation. If it was not sufficient
to enable them to move the crops by means of
(heir circulation, it would still lighten the diffi-
culty a great deal, and it would cost them far
less.
It may be said that this capital would have,
to be supplied from the East. Grant it; it
would only be making a permanent loan to the
West, a sufficiency, perhaps, for the removal of
the crops, and it would not be thrown period-
ically almost into convulsions by the high prices
of money.
As I have already stated, I am disposed to
vote for this amendment of the committee, as
we can get no better : but I thought it due to
myself, and those who were associated with
me, to say that we had prepared a different
plan, which would liave been submitted to the
Senate if it had met the approbation in full or
the committee. I have stated my own views
and reasons, and I doubt not those of the gen-
tlemen who were associated with me. But as-
I cannot get that plan, or cannot get a proper
distribution of this circulation, as I am sure
those whom this amendment will relieve are
entitled to this additional circulation, I shall
vote for the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I frankly con-
fess that I am not well informed on the sub-
ject of finance, bank circulation especially. I
admit the defect of my information generally
in relation to those subjects. The amendment
that I have offered is simply to attract the
attention of Senators to the matter that they
may consult together and make propositions,
and in the future adopt the wisest and most
just that can be made. That is all the pur-
pose I have in relation to this matter.
Mr. President, we have a most extraordi-
nary system of bankingdn the United States.
The States may incorporate banks, but those
banks can issue no paper for circulation. The
entire circulation of the banks of the United
States is furnished by the Government of the
United States, and according to the report of
the Comptroller of the Currency the aggregate
amount is about three hundred and three or
three hundred and four million dollars. I think
the honorable Senator from West Virginia was
about right, that the aggregate amount of cir-
culation, according to the Comptroller of the
Currency, is about three hundred and three or
three hundred and four million dollars.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Alittieless. Three
hundred million dollars is the limit.
Mr. DAVIS. This report says about three
hundred and three million dollars.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. There m.ust be a
deduction there for bills returned.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, a little less than $300,-
000,000; that is the limit. Now, sir, how is
this circulation distributed among the States ?
Maine has $7,519,386; New Hampshire,
$4,223,355; Vermont, $5,722,780; Massachu-
setts, $57,429,205: Rhode Island, $12,508,-
070 ; and Connecticut, $17,550,035; making
an aggregrate to the six New England States-
of $104,954,081; a sum considerably in excess
above one third of the whole amount of the
entire circulating notes of the United States.
New York has $72,558,805: New Jersey,
$9,150,105; Pennsylvania, $39,330,070. The
aggregate of the circulation notes distributed
to these three States, New York, New Jersey,
and Pennsylvania, amounts to $121,039,000.
So that the New England States have an excess
of several millions over one third of the whole
circulation : and the States of New York, New
Jersey, and Pennsylvania having an excess of
$21,000,000 above one third of the whole
amount of the circulation.
Ohio has $18,454,280 of circulation, and
Indiana has $11,042,240 of circulation. _ I
suppose that these two States have something
about their just proportion of the circulation
notes of the United States; but there is a
great excess over this just proportionsgiven to
the New England States, and also to the
States of New York, New Jersey, and Penn-
sylvania. The six New England States, New
York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Ohio, and
Indiana, have a circulation in the aggregate
of S255,470,000, leaving to all the residue of
