1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the States only about forty-six million dollars
of circulation notes, an amount less than
Massachusetts has by $11,000,000, arid le«s
than New York has by about twenty-six mil-
lion dollars, and only in excess of the circula-
tion of Pennsylvania about seven million dol-
lars. Is this a fair and proper distribution of
the circulation notes that enter so largely into
the circulaiingmediuni of the country? Should
this vastly unequal and unjust distribution be
allowed to remain undisturbed ? Certainly not.
With the position of honorable Senators on
the floor, who have expressed their desire that
the Government of the United States and the"
banks of the United States should gradually
come to the return of specie payments, I
heartily agree.
But, Mr. President, something must be done
in the intermediate time. There is a very great
want of sufficient circulation in some sections
and in some States of the United States. It
seems to me that in New England there is a
large excess of this circulation, and that in
New York and Pennsylvania there is an ex-
cess. I do not hol^ that a redundant circula-
tion is advantageous to a country. I believe
in a full circulation, such an amount of circu-
lation as will stimulate industry and quicken
business and commercial exchanges. That
condition of things is wholesome ; but when
the circulation exceeds that just point it seems
to me that the excess of circulation becomes a
vice and a disadvantage rather than an advan-
taSe- . . ,
Now, Mr. President, what is the proposi-
tion to remedy this unequal distribution of
the circulation notes furnished by the United
States? It is that an additional amount to
the extent of $20,000 shall be issued for the
purpose of being distributed in those States
that have less than their due proportion.
There are two modes in which this may be
done. One is suggested by my amendment,
that the Comptroller of the Currency upon the
principle, either simple or compound, on which
he has distributed these circulation notes
among the banks of the different States, shall
withdraw as much from those that have an
excess of circulation as that excess amounts to,
ami that he shall distribute it, upon the same
principle as he lias heretofore made distribu-
tion, among the banks of the States that have
a ileticiency of circulation. Can there be any
jti^t and reasonable objection to that? There
certainly cannot be by gentlemen who are
anxious to return to specie payments, because
if the very way I suggest is not adopted there
must be necessarily an inflation of the currency
by the issue of $20,000,000 more of circula-
tion notes. That I do not believe to be wise.
It is certainly an unnat'ural and a vicious state
of things for a country with the population and
business of the United States to have a spu-
rious paper circulation to the utter exclusion
of all circulation of the precious metals. _ This
evi! ought not to be increased ; it is not wisdom
or sound political economy, in my judgment,
to increase it; but it ought to be gradually
reduced without producing any convulsion or
great sacrifice of the interests of the country so
as to reach gradually but certainly the point
of the resumption of specie payments.
Mr. President, if there were $20,000,000
of circulation notes in the Treasury of the
United States which the Government did not
want to use otherwise, it would be a simple
process for the Comptroller of the Currency
to distribute those $20,000,000 of notes on
deposit in the Treasury among the States that
had less circulation tlian their share. How is the
Government to get this amount of $20,000,000?
I have suggested one mode.
There is another mode: let the Government
reduce its expenditures. If it be practicable,
and the Government will adopt at once the
proposition to reduce its expenditures twenty
or thirty millions a year, it would immediately
be plaaed in possession of the amount ot
circulation notes to $20,000,000, or exceeding
that sum, for distribution among the States
tliat have less than their proper proportion.
40th Cong. 2d Skss.—No. 200.
Iiow can that be done ? By the simplest pro-
cess in the world. Wherever there is a will
there is a way. Here is p. way, and the will is
all that is necessary. The Army of the United
States, according to the last official report that
I saw, amounted to exceeding fifty-eight thou-
sand men. There is certainly no necessity, in
the present condition of the United States and
,its relations with themselves, with foreign coun-
tries, and with the Indian tribes, for one solitary
soldier over twenty thousand. Then reduce
your Army to twenty thousand men ; reduce it
by thirty thousand, and that would cause a
saving to the public Treasury of at least a thou-
sand dollars per man. The reduction of the
Army by thirty thousand would render the sum
in the Treasury for the support of the Army
to the amount of $30,000,000 unnecessary to
be appropriated to that object.
Here are two modes of getting this money ;
both of them, in iny judgment, would be just
and statesmanlike and proper. I think that the
New England States have an excess of circu-
lation : 1 think New York and Pennsylvania
have an excess, also.
Now, what is the tendency of the circula-
tion of,the country and its aggregation ? It is
the commercial and manufacturing emporiums.
The whole United States by its merchants and
traders go to New York to lay in their stocks ;
they take those stocks home and distribute
them over the whole country to their customers.
Those cu-itomers exist in all the States, and
mostoftliemareproducers, either agricultural,
manufacturing, or mechanical. They want to
sell the products of their own labor and skill
at home. To purchase them a circulation
among those producers in the distant and dif-
ferent States from the commercial emporium
at New York is necessary. They cannot buy
the goods that are purchased in that great
emporium and distributed by the factors and
merchants over the whole country unless they
have the money to pay for them. They cannot
get this money until they sell the products of
their industry : they cannot sell those products
of industry unless there be a circulation in the
neighborhood, in the local markets where the
sales take place, to pay for them.
Then an additional and a large additional
circulation is necessary in most of the States
in order to carry into complete effect this sys-
tem of production and sale which I have just
recounted. These local producers,agricultural,
mechanical, and manufacturing, are the cus-
tomersof the local merchants. The local mer-
chants must have pay for their goods which
they purchase in New York. To enable them
to receive this pay their customers must have a
circulation in their immediate neighborhoods
with which to pay for these goods. They pay
their accounts every six months or every
twelve months, or give cash in hand to the
merchants.
! They pay in these circulation notes largely.
| The notes are thus aggregated in the hands of
i the local merchants ; they take them on to New
| York with the purpose of laying in additional
! supplies. In that way the course of trade pro-
! duces a constant and"ever-recurring aggrega-
| tion of the circulation of the whole^country at
the commercial emporium of New York and in
the manufacturing emporiums of'New England
and of the Northwest, as at Cincinnati and
Chicago and other points where there are
extensive manufactures.
Mr. President, in my judgment, instead of
the great manufacturing emporiums needing
the largest distribution of circulation from the
Comptroller of the Currency, they need pro-
portionally the least amount, because the ten-
dencies of trade, the results of their business
and of their commerce, are to draw this circu-
lation from every part and portion ot the Uni-
ted States to those centers.
Now, sir, the United States Government
has stifled the State banks. I was present
when that mischievous policy was adopted,
and, in my judgment, a more mischievouspolicy
never was adopted. The banks in my State
had on hand at that time gold and silver coin,
some of them exceeding their circulation, and
on an average about equal to it. How were
those banks attacked by the policy of Con-
gress? Congress could not repeal their char-
ters, could not abrogate the banks by direct
action ; _ but they imposed a tax upon their
circulation which the banks could not bear,
and in that way forced them to withdraw their
entire circulation and to go into the national
banking system, and to receive the paper
issued for the purposesof circulation and monej
from the Treasury of the United States. After
this system has been adopted by Congress and
the Government of the United States, is it
right to leave to the State of Kentucky, for
instance, that had a circulation of about four-
teen million notes of its own banks, every
dollar of which was convertible, at, the pleasure
of the holder, at the bank counter into gold'
or silver—is it just to that State, and othet
States similarly situated, to abolish their banks
by the indirect legislation which I have' ad-
verted to, and to dole out to them the meagre
circulation of a little above two million dollars
where they had before the war upward of four-
teen million? Sir, the system is wrong; it is
unequal, it is unjust. If that course of meas-
ures which will finally lead to the resumption
of speciepayments is to be steadily persevered
in, as it, ought to be, in my judgment, yotl
must compel the banks of the States that have
such a vast overplus of their proportionate
circulation, to yield up a portion of it, that this
excess may be distributed among the States
that have a deficiency.
Mr. MORlilLL, of Vermont. I desire to
call the attention of the Senator from Ken-
tucky for a moment to the practical working
of his amendment. I think the Senate would
be more in favor of his idea if his amendment
were made so that it could be practically car-
ried out. How is the Comptroller to withdraw
this circulation ? Is it to be all from Massa-
chusetts, or all from Massachusetts and Rhode
Island, the two States having the greatest
excess ; or is a certain percentage of the whole
to be taken ; or is it to be drawn from the
banks having alarge circulation, excluding the
smaller banks? The Senator will see that t,ho
amendment as it is could hardly be practically
carried out by the Comptroller of the Currency.
Mr. DAViS. I am fully aware that, the
honorable Senator from Vermont is much
more competent to mature my idea and to
reach my purpose than I am myself, because
he is unquestionably much more familiar with
this and all cognate subjects than I ara or pre-
tend to be. 1 shall therefore be obliged to
him or to any other Senator who will endeavor
to perfect, or bring into the best practical
operation, the idea which 1 have suggested in
my amendment. I am 'not wedded to that
form ; indeed, I am not satisfied with the form
in which I have presented it. There are gen-
tlemen here whose intelligence and knowledge
of the subject-matter would enable t.hein to
present it in a much better form than I have
done, and I desire and earnestly'request them
to do so. In the mean time I will throw out a
few general ideas that ought, in rny judgment,
to be calculated to gain favor with the Senate
for the general principle which I have pro-
posed in my amendment.
The States of New England are highly man-
ufacturing; the State ot New Jersey is so ;
some of the principal cities of the northwestern
States are so ; and they send out and distribute
over the whole country a large aggregate
amount of the various manufactures of our
people. They find their customers and their
markets, t.o a very considerable extent, in the
distant States; largely in my State. So of the
merchants who import goods from foreign coun-
tries and sell them to the factors and country
merchants all over the land. It is the interest
of these merchants at New lork and Balti-
more and other commercial emporiums, and
also of the manufacturers at all the principal
points where manufacturing industry prevails,
to make articles for exportation into other
States, and it is important to th<mi that the
