THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
103
3t a copy.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Yes, sir, any copy
of a memorandum which yon know is a copy
made at the time; and state, if you please, what
kind of epithets passed.
[The witness, placing a newspaper before
him, was about to read therefrom.]
Mr. EVARTS. We do not regard the news-
paper as a memorandum made at the time.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. He may refer
to it.
Mr. EVARTS. Our objection is that it is
not a memorandum.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. We may as well
have that settled at once, if it is to be done.
When a man says, "I wrote down the best I
eould, and put it in type within four hours of that
time, and I know it was correct, for I examined
it," I insist that on every rule of law in every
court where any man ever practiced that is a
memorandum by which the witness may refresh
his recollection.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Do the counsel
for the President object to the proof of the
loss of the original notes?
Mr. EVARTS. We do not on this question.
This witness is to speak by his recollection if
he can ; if he cannot he is allowed to refresh
it by the presence of a memorandum which he
made at the time.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. We deny that to
be the rule of law. It may be by any memo-
randum which was correct at the time to his
knowledge. On this point I am not without
authority. In Starkie on Evidence is a refer-
ence to a case in 2 Adolplius and Ellis, 210,
where it was said:
" In many cases, such as where an agont hart been
employed to mako a plan or map and has lost the
Items of actual admeasurement, all he can state is
that tho plan or map is correct, and has been con-
structed from materials which he knew at tho time
to bo true."
He has then a right to use the map or plan
which he made afterward, having lost his field-
notes, to refresh his memory, saying he knew
them to be true. If the witness puts down
these cries at the time and these interruptions
and these epithets, and he is willing to state
that he knows them to be true, because he
copied them off from his original notes, which
ho has not now, he has a right to refresh his
memory by that copy. I read again from
Starkie:
"If tho witness be corrcct in that which he posi-
tively states from present recollection, namely, that
at a prior tiino ho hail a pcrfoct recollection, and
having that recollection, truly stated it in tho docu-
ment produced in wntms, though its contents arc
thua but mediately proved, must be true."
Mr. EVARTS. If he presently recollects.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. The question now
is upon his using that memorandum to refresh
that recollection. We cannot be drawn from
the point.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The honorable
Manager will please reduce his question to
wril ing.
Mr. Manager BUTLER, having reduced the
question to writing, read it as follows :
Question. I desire to refresh your recollection from
any memorandum made by you at or near the timo
which you have, which you know to be correct, and
from that state what was said by the crowd to the
I'resident and what be paid to the crowd ?
Mr. EVARTS. That question I do not
object to.
Mr. Manager BUTLER, (to the witness.)
Look at the memorandum and go on.
Mr. EVARTS. That is not a memorandum ;
it is a newspaper.
The CHIEF JUSTICE, (to the witness.)
Is that a memorandum made by you at the
time ?
The Witness. This is a copy of a memo-
randum made by me at the time.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Are the notes from
which you made that memorandum lost ?
The Witness. They are.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. You may look at
it unless there is some objection on the part
of some Senator.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Chief Justice, I do
not understand the question asked by the
Manager.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I do not under-
stand the counsel for the President as ob-
jecting.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am not objecting at all;
I only want to know what the question is.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. It is inquired on
the part of the Managers what interruptions
there were, and the witness is requested to
look at a memorandum made at the time in
order to refresh his memory. Of that mem-
orandum he has no copy, but he made one at
the time, and it is lost. The Chief Justice
rules that he is entitled to look at a paper
which he knows to be a true copy of that mem-
orandum. If there is any objection to that
ruling, the question will be put to the Senate.
Mr. Manager BUTLER, (to the witness.)
Go on now, sir, beginning at the beginning.
The Witness, (with a newspaper before
hini.) The first interruption of the President
by the crowd occurred oti his referring to  
Mr. EVARTS. Mr. Chief Justice, we un-
derstand the ruling of the court, to which of
course we submit, that the witness is allowed
to refresh himself by looking at a memorandum
made at the time, which this is considered
equivalent to, and thereupon, state from his
memory, thus refreshed, what occurred, lie
must swear from memory refreshed by the
memorandum, and not by reading the memo-
randum.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. He may read the
memorandum to refresh his memory and then
testify.
Mr. EVARTS. Yes, sir; but not to read
it aloud to us.
The CHIEF JUSTICE, (to the witness.)
Look at the memorandum and then testify.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. You may read it
if you please.
The Witness. The first interruption of the
President occurred when he referred to the
name of General Grant. He said that a large
number in the crowd desired to see General
Grant, and to hear what he had to say, where-
upon there were three cheers given for General
Grant. The President went on, and the next
interruption occurred when he spoke of his
visit, and alluded to the name of Stephen A.
Douglas, at which there were cheers. Tliencxt
serious interruption occurred at the time that the
President used this language: "I was placed
upon that ticket,'' the ticket for the Presidency,
"with a distinguished citizen now no more;"
whereupon there were cries, "It's a pity:"
"Too bad:'' "Unfortunate." The President
proceeded to say, " Yes, I know there are some
who say " unfortunate."
Mr. EVARTS and Mr. CURTIS. That will
not do.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. What was then
done b\ the crowd?
The Witness, (consulting the newspaper.)
The President went on to say that it was unfor-
tunate for some that God rules on high and
deals injustice, and there were then cheeis.
Mr. EVARTS. Mr. Chief Justice, the point
made by the learned Manager was this, that
in following his examination of this witness,
in order to prove that lie had times and chances
to write out in long-hand what the President
had said, lie could show that there were in-
terruptions of space. That is the whole matter
as I understand it, and now he is reading the
Presiden t's speech, which is not yet in e\ idence,
nor permitted to bo given in evidence, as a part
of the question whether there were interrup-
tions or not to allow him to write it out.
Mr. Manager BUTLER, lie is, I under-
stand, not giving the President's speech, but
he is giving such portions only as show where
the interruptions come in, because he has
skipped long passages. Now, when we com-
pare these interruptions with that which he
took accurately, we shall see how he had time
to take verbatim certain portions of the speech.
We go on unless stopped.
The CHIEF JUSTICE, (to the witness.)
The witness will look at the memorandum, and
then testify as well as he can from his present
recollection.
Mr. Manager BUTLER, (to the witness.)
Go on, sir, from where you left off".
The Witness. The next interruption oc-
curred where the President remarked that if
his predecessor had lived 
Mr. EVARTS. The question is of the in-
terruption and its duration and form, not of
its being when the President said this or that,
or what he said.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I beg your par-
don. I put the question, and it was expressly
said there was no objection to it, " What did
the President say to the crowd and what did
the crowd say to the President?" That was
not objected to,but it was said, "That is what
we want." I put it in writing, and the writing
is on the desk, that I want what the crowd said
to the President and what the President said
to the crowd. That was not objected to. [To
the witness.] Go on, sir.
The Witness. When this remark was made
the crowd responded "Never," " Never," and
gave three cheers for the Congress of the Uni-
ted States. The President went on: "I came
here as I was passing along, and having been
called upon for the purpose of exchanging
views and ascertaining if we could " 
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Mr. Manager, do
we understand that this witness is to read the
speech?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. No, sir; he is not
reading the speech ; he is skipping whole para-
graphs, whole pages of it almost; it is only
where the interruptions come in. [To the wit-
ness.] Now just read the last words before
the interruptions come in, if you please, which
will bring out all we want, and that will save
all trouble.
Tho Witness. When the President re-
marked that he came here for the purpose of
ascertaining, if he could, who was wrong and
responsible, the crowd said: "You are," and
there were long- continued cries. The President
inquired, later in tho spceeh, who could place
his finger upon any act of the President's devi-
ating from right, whereupon there were cheers
and counter-cries of "New Orleans" long
continued; and that cry was repeated, fre-
quently breaking the sentences of the President
into clauses, and at the close of each sentence
it was of some length. At the same time there
were cries, "Why don'tyou hang Jeff. Davis?"
The President responded, "Hang Jeff. Davis!"
Then there were shouts and cries of " Down with
him," and there were other cries of "Hang
Wendell Phillips." The President asked," Why
don't you hang him?" There were answers
given, " Give us an opportunity?" The Presi-
dent went on to ask: "Haven't you got the
court? Haven't you got the Attorney Geu-
eral? Who is your Chief Justice, who has re-
fused to sit on his trial?" He was then inter-
rupted by "groans and cheers." He went on
to speak of calling upon Congress, "that is
trying to break up the Government" 
Mr. STANBERY. Stop.
Mr. Manager BUTLER, (to the witness.)
Well, sir, state what took place then ?
The Witness. When he said, " I called
upon your Congress, that is trying to break up
the Government " there were cries of " A lie "
from the crowd, hisses, and voices cried " Don't
get mad," and the President responded "I am
not mad." There were then hisses. After a
sentence or two there were three more cheers
given for Congress. Then after another sen-
tence voices cried " How about Moses?"
Question. What next?
Answer. The next interruption I find noted
here 
Mr. EVARTS. That is not what you are to
testify to; not what you find there, but what
you remember.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. The question is
whether after seeing it you can remember it
to tell it to us ?
Answer. The next interruption, I remember,
was a cry of "Yes," when the President in-
quired " Will you hear me." These cries were
