1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4209
shall act in avoidance no longer; but that we
shall do and perform our plain, simple duty,
and let the rest take care of itself.
Mr. HO WARD obtained the floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Before the
Senator commences, the Chair would like to
present some communications which are on
his table.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well.
president's message, etc.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of the
United States ; and the Chief Clerk proceeded
to read it, as follows:
To the Senate <<j>.d House of Ileprcsentativcs ;
Experience has fully demonstrated the wisdom
of the framers of the Federal Constitution. Under
all circumstances the result of their labors was as
near an approximation to perfection as was compati-
ble with the fallibility of man. Such being the esti-
mation in which the Constitution is and has ever
been held by our countrymen, it is not surprising
that any proposition for its alteration or amendment
should be received with reluctance and distrust.
Several Senators. What is that?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A message
of the President of the United States suggest-
ing certain changes in the Constitution.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it be printed and
referred to the Committee on the judiciary.
Mr. DRAKE. That is a message proposing
four amendments to the Constitution of the
United States. I have examined it at the
Clerk's desk. Of course the only proper dis-
position of it is either to lay it on the table or
refer it to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. SUMNER. And let it be ordered to be
printed.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think it ought to be
read: it is a message from the President of the
United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not usual to read
messages from the President of the United
States sent to us in ordinary form. If he sends
a veto message, something on which we are
to vote and act, it is a different thing; but
this merely initiates a proceeding, and properly
goes to a committee tor consideration. There
is 110 necessity lor reading it.
Mr. DRAKE. None whatever.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and be
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope not.
The PRESlDENT^ro tempore. The docu-
ment will be printed and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary if there be no objec-
tion.
Mr. CONNESS. I object.
Mr. PESSENDEN. Then le', us take the
vote.
Mr. POMEROY. My motion is that the
message be printed and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I have the
floor.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I suggest that the Sena-
tor from Michigan yielded the floor to allow
the Chair to lay a message before the Senate,
and therefore the Senator has not the floor
until that is disposed of.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I have
yielded the floor for nothing. I have but a few
words to say. I am entitled to the floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
claims the right to lay messages before the
Senate when a favorable opportunity offers.
He always tries to do it in such a way as to
disturb the business of the Senate as little as
possible. The rules give the Chair a right to
place messages before the body in preference
to anything else.
Mr. HOWARD. Undoubtedly; but the
question is whether I have lost the floor by the
presentation of the paper.'
The PRESIDENT proiempore. When this
business is disposed ot, the Senator will have
the floor.
Mr. HOWARD. I understood the Senator
from Maine to insist that 1 had lost it.
Mr. PESSENDEN. Not at all. I said the
40a'ii Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 264.
Senator had yielded it until this matter should
be disposed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that this document be printed and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to hear the
document read. We do not all have an oppor-
tunity to go to the Clerk's desk and read it.
It is not very long.
Mr. PESSENDEN and others. Let it be
printed and referred.
The motion of Mr. Pomeeoy, that the mes-
sage be printed and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, was agreed to.
The message is as follows:
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
Experience has fully demonstrated the wis-
dom of the framers of the Federal Constitu-
tion. Under all circumstances the result of
their labors was as near an approximation to
perfection as was compatible with the falli-
bility of man. Such being the estimation in
which the Constitution is and has ever been
held by our countrymen, it is not surprising
that any proposition for its alteration or amend-
ment should be received with reluctance and
distrust. While this sentiment deserves com-
mendation and encouragement as a useful pre-
ventive of unnecessary attempt to change its
provisions, it must be conceded that time has
developed imperfections and omissions in the
Constitution, the reformation of which has been
demanded by the best interests of the country.
Some of these have been remedied in the man-
ner provided in the Constitution itself. There
are others which, although heretofore brought
to the attention of the people, have never been
so presented as to enable the popular judgment
to determine whether they should be corrected
by means of additional amendments. My
oliject in this communication is to suggest cer-
tain defects in the Constitution which seem to
me to require correction, and to recommend .
that the judgment of the people be taken on the
amendments proposed.
The first of the defects to which I desire to
direct attention is in that clause of the Consti-
tution which provides 1'or the election of Presi-
dent and Vice President through the interven-
tion of electors, and not by an immediate vote
of the people.
The importance of so amending this clause
as to secure to the people the election of Presi-
dent and Vice President, by their direct votes,
was urged with great earnestness and ability by
President Jackson in his fiist annual message,
and the recommendation was repeated in live
of his subsequent communications to Congress,
extending through the eight years of his admin-
istration. In his message of 1829, he said:
"To the people belongs the right of electing their
Chief Magistrate; it was never designed that their
choice should in any case be defeated, either by the
intervention ot electoral colleges, or by the agency
confided, under certain contingencies, to the llouso
of Representatives."
He then proceeded to state the objections to
an election of President by the House of Rep-
resentatives, the most important of which was
that the choice of a clear majority of the peo-
ple might be easiiy defeated. He then closed
the argument with the following recommenda-
tion :
" I would therefore recommend such an amend-
ment ot the Constitution as may remove all inter-
mediate a gcncy ill the election ot Pi evident and \ lee
President. The mode may be so regulated as to pre-
scive to each State its present relative weight in the
election; and a failure in the hist attempt may be
piovided for by confining the second to a choice
between the two highest candidates. In connection
with such an amendment it would seem advisable to
limit the service of the Chief Magistrate to a single
teim of tour or six years, if, however, it should not
be adopted it is worthy of consideration whether a
provision disqualifying lorotlice the liepreseutafives
in Congress on whom such an election may have
devolved, would not be piopcr."
Although this recommendation was repealed
with undiminished earnestness in several of his
succeeding messages, yet the proposed amend-
ment was never adopted and submitted to the
people by Congress. The danger of a defeat
of the people's choice in an election by the
House of Representatives remains unprovided
for in the Constitution, and would be greatly
increased if the House of Representatives should
assume the power arbitrarily to reject the votes
of a State which might not be cast in conform-
ity with the wishes of the majority in that body.
But if President Jackson failed to secure
the amendment to the Constitution which he
urged so persistently, his arguments contributed
largely to the formation of party organizations,
which have effectually avoided the contingency
of an election by the ilouse of Representatives.
These organizations, first by a resort to the
ca,uous system of nominating candidates, and
afterward to State and national conventions,
have been successful in so limiting the number
of candidates as to escape the danger of an
election by the House of Representatives.
It is clear, however, that in thus limiting the
number of candidates, the true object and spirit
of the Constitution have been evaded and de-
feated. It is an essential feature in our repub-
lican system of government that every citizen
possessing the constitutional qualifications has
a right to become a candidate for the office of
President or Vice President, and that every
qualified elector has a right to cast his vote for
any citizen whom he may regard as worthy of
these offices. But under the party organizations
which have prevailed for years, these asserted
rights of the people have been as effectually cut
off and destroyed as if the Constitution itself
had inhibited their exercise. The danger of a
defeat of the popular choice in an election by
the House of Representatives is no greater than
in an election made nominally by the people
themselves, when by the laws of party organi-
zations and by the constitutional provisions
requiring the people to vote for electors instead
of for the President or Vice President, it is
made impracticable for any citizen to be a can-
didate except through the process of a party
nomination, and for any voter to cast his suf-
frage forany other person than one thus brought
forward through the manipulations of a nom-
inating convention. It is thus apparent that by
means of party organizations that provision of
the Constitution which requires the election
of President and Vice President to be made
through the electoral colleges has been made
instrumental and potential in defeating the
great object of conferring the choice of these
officers upon the people. It may be conceded
that party organizations are inseparable from
republican government, and that, when formed
and managed in subordination to the Constitu-
tion, they may be valuable safeguards of pop-
ular liberty; but when they are perverted to
purposes of bad ambition they are liable to
become the dangerous instruments of over-
throwing the Constitution itself. Strongly im-
pressed with the truth of these views, I feel
called upon by an imperative sense of duty to
revive substantially the recommendation so
often and so earnestly made by President Jack-
son, and to urge that the amendment to the
Constitution herewith presented, or some simi-
lar proposition, may be submitted to the peo-
ple for their ratification or rejection.
Recent events have shown the necessity of
an amendment to the Constitution distinctly
defining the persons who shall discharge the
duties of President of the United States in the
event of a vacancy in that office by the death,
resignation, or removal of both the President
and V ice President. It is clear that this should
be fixed by the Constitution, and not be left to
repealable enactments of doubtful constitu-
tionality. Tt occurs to me that, in the event of
!j a vacancy in the office of President, by the
j death, resignation, disability, or removal of
! both the President and Vice President, the
j| duties of the office should devolve upon an offi-
1 cer of the executive department of the Gov-
;| ernment, rather than one connected with the
! legislative or judicial departments. The objec-
ij tions to designating either the President pro
I tempore of the Senate or the Chiet Justice o
! the Supreme Court, especially in the event ot
; a vacancy produced by removal, are s
! vious and so unanswerable that they need o
II be stated in derail. It is enough to state that
