2162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marali
' HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 27, 1868.
The Hpuse met at twelve o? clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Bcm-ros.
llie Journal of yesterday was read and
approved,
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
n SPEA]£EE. This being Friday, the
nrst business in the morning hour is the call
or committees for bills of a private nature,
commencing with the District of Columbia.
IJie morning hour has now commenced.
Mr. WELKER. I have been instructed by
the Committee for the District of Columbia to
report a bill with a substitute.
Mr. BUBK. Will# the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. WELKER. For what purpose?
Mr. BUliR. I desire to make a suggestion
relative to the business of the day.
Mr. WELKER. I will hear the suggestion.
Mr. BURR. An important measure is now
pending, being the bill for the admission of
Alabama, and several gentleman desire to be
heard upon it. I wish to say that I, myself,
have no desire to speak upon it, I wish to
move that the morning hour be dispensed with,
and that the House now proceed to the consid-
eration of the Alabama bill.
Mr. WELICER. I cannot yield for that
purpose.
rights 03? married women.
Mr. WELKER. I now report from the
Committee for the District of Columbia House
bill No. 91, concerning the property of married
women in the District of Columbia, with a sub-
stitute.
The first section of the bill provides that
the real estate of any married woman within
the District of Columbia shall not be liable
for the debts of her husband, hut such real
estate and the profits therefrom shall be her
separate property as fully as if she were un-
married, and the separate deed of the husband
shall convey no interest in it; provided such
wife shall have no power to incumber or convey
such real estate except by deed in which her
husband shall join.
The second section provides that the per-
sonal property of any married woman within
said District held by her at the time of her
marriage, or acquired by her during coverturc
by purchase, descent, devise, or gift, shall re-
main her own separate property in the same
manner and to the same extent as her real
estate so remains, and on the death of the hus-
band before the wife such personal property
shall go to the wife, and on the death of the wife
before the husband it shall be apportioned and
distributed in the same manner as her real
estate descends and is apportioned under similar
circumstances within the District; provided the
assent of her husband shall not be necessary
to enable such wife to incumber or sell such
personal property.
The third section provides that all suits
within said District relative to such separate
property of the wife, whether real or personal,
shall be prosecuted by or against the husband
and wife jointly, or if they be separated, then
in the name of the wife alone ; and in case of
such separate suit the husband shall not be
liable for costs, unless he be a defendant
therein.
The fourth section provides that within said
District the husband shall be liable for the debts
and liabilities of the wife contracted or in-
curred before marriage to the extent of the per-
sonal property he may have received through
her, or which he may have derived from the
sale or rent of her real estate, and no further,
anu the liability of the husband to the extent
aforesaid shall not be extinguished by the
death of the wife.
The fifth section provides that when any
judgment within said District is rendered
against a husband and wife for the tort of the
wife, or on account of any liability existing
against her before her marriage, execution on
such judgment shall be first levied on the
separate property of such wife, if she have any.
The substitute was read, as follows:
A bill concerning the property, rights, andliabilitics
of married women in tho District of Columbia.
Beit enacted by the Senate and Iloitfte of Representa-
tives of the United States of America, in Congress
sembled, That any estate or interest, legal or equit-
able, in real property in tho District of Columbia be-
longing to any woman at her marriage, or which may
have come to her during coverture by conveyance,
gift, devise, or inheritance, or by purchase with her
separate means or money, shall, together with all
rents and issues thereof, be and remain her separate
property and under her control; and she may, in her
own name, during coverture, make contracts for
labor and material for improving, repairing, and cul-
tivating tho same, and also lease the same for any
period notexceeding three years. This act shall not
affect the estate by the courtesy of any husband in
the real property of his wife after her decease; but
during tliclifo of such wifo, or any heir of her body,
such esfcato shall not bo taken by any process of law
for tho payment of his debts, or bo convoyed or in-
cumbered by him, unless she shall join thorein with
him in themannerprcscribedby law: Provided, Such
wife shall have no power to convoy or incumber such
real estato except by deed in which herhusbandshall
join.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That any per-
sonal property, including rights in action, in tho
District of Columbia belonging to any woman at her
mariage, or which may have come to her during
coverture by gift, bequest, or inheritance, or by pur-
chase with her separate monoy or means, or bo duo
as the wages of her separate labor, or have grown
out of any violation^ of hor personal rights, shall,
together with all income, increase, and profits
thcroof, bo and remain her separate property and
under her solo control, and shall not bo livable to bo
taken by any process of law for tho debts of her hus-
band. This act shall not affecttho title of any husband
to any personal property reduced into his possession
witli tho assent of his wifo: Provided, All articles of
furniture and household goods belonging or which
may have come to any married woman, as above set
forth, shall not be deemed to have beon reduced into
the possession of her husband by reason of their
joint use of the same, but shall remain her separato
property.
Skc.U. And be itfu> ther enacted, That in any action
against husband and wifo upon any cause existing
against her at their marriage, or upon any tort com-
mitted by her during coverture, tho separate prop-
erty of the wifo shall be also liable to bo takon for
any judgment rendered therein.
Sec. 4.t And be it further enacted, That any married
woman in said District whose husband shall desert
her, or from intemperance or other cause shall be-
come incapacitated or neglect to provide for his fam-
ily may, in hor own name, make contracts for her
own labor and the labor of her minor children, and
in her own name sue lor and collect her own or their
earnings. Auysucli married woman, in such case of
dcseition, incapacity, or neglect, may Hi© her peti-
tion in the supremo <vmrt. of said District of Colum-
bia, alleging the same and making her husband
thereto, which proceedings shall bo subject to all
rules applicable to civil actions; and upon proof by
testimony of such desertion, incapacity, or neglect,
the courtmay.in its discretion, make an order having
the force and effect of a judgment, vesting such wo-
man with the rights and privileges of a feme-sob, as
to acquiring, possessing, and disposing of property,
real and personal, making contracts and being liabio
theron, and suing and being sued in her own name;
Provided, After such judgment the husband shall not
bo liable upon any contract so made by her in her
own name, or any tort thereafter committed by her.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That this act shall
not effect any rights which may have become vested
in any person at tho taking effect thereof.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That all laws and
parts of laws in forco in said District of Columbia in-
consistent with tho provisions of this act arc hereby
repealed, and this act to take effcct from and after
its passage.
Mr. WELKER. I call for the previous
question on the adoption of the substitute.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to inquire whether
thi3 bill has been printed.
Mr. WELICER. The substitute has not
been printed.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, how does
this come up as a private bill?
The SPEAKER. It is reported by the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. WELKER. I will state to the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Matxaiid] that the
Committee for the District of Columbia have
had this matter under consideration, and are
unanimously of the opinion that this substitute
should be adopted. 1 will state further, that
its provisions are in substance the same as the
laws of the State of Ohio on this subject. It
modifies in a few particulars the bill introduced
by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Niblack,]
preserving the main features of that bill. I
demand the previous question.
Mr. MAYNARD. My point (and it does
not seem to be taken by my friend who repre-
sents the committee) is that'this is, as I under-
stand, private bill day, and committees sire
called for private bills. This surely is not a
private bill.
Mr. "WELKER. I supposed that und6r a
former ruling of the Chair we were entitled'to
report this bill, which operates simply in the
District of Columbia.
The SPEAKER. The ruling of the Chair,
made in the last Congress, and incorporated
in the Digest, page 151, was that " to be a pri-
vate bill it must not be general in its enact-
ments." "Bills for the incorporation of com-
panies and whose operations are confined within
the District of Columbia have been treated a8
private." The Chair said at that time, in
answer to the gentleman, from Ohio, [Mr. Oar-
field,] that a bill in regard to suffrage in this
District would be a public bill, because it would
not be confined to particular individuals or to
a company or a corporation.
Mr. MA YNARD. This bill applies to every-
body who happens to be here.
Mr. INGEltSOLL. I hope the gentle-main
from Tennessee will withdraw his point. The
time which may be consumed on this bill will
come out of the hour belonging to our com-
mittee.
Mr. MAYNARD. Private claims coming
before Congress have at best but little opportu-
nity for consideration. I have no hostility to
this particular bill, but as this is private bill
day 1 think we ought to devote it to giving pri-
vate claimants a hearing.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Tennessee insists on his point the Chair must
decide, even under the liberal ruling made by
him at the last Congress and sustained by the
House, that this is a public bill.
Mr. WELKER. I wish to suggest to the
gentleman from Tennessee that perhaps this
bill will not interfere with any private bills
which any other committee could report on
this occasion. Most likely there will be enough
reports from our committee to occupy the whole
morning hour.
Mr. INGERSOLL. And more too.
Mr. MAYNARD. My objection ia that if
the morning hour should be consumed in the
consideration of this bill (and it is a bill which
ought to be considered with some care) private
claimants are thereby postponed. I hope the
gentleman will ask to have the bill printed and
recommitted.
Mr. WELKER. I will, of course, do so if
the gentleman insists on his objection.
Mr. MAYNARD. I must insist on the point.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order raised by the gentleman from
Tennessee. If there is no objection the bill
will be printed and recommitted.
There was no objection.
Mr. CHANLER, In view of the character
of the bill I move that the committee have
leave to report it at any time.
The SPEAKER. That will require unani-
mous consent.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I object. I move to
rcconsider the vote by which the bill was re-
committed ; and also move that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leaves of absence.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia, asked
and obtained leave of absence for ten days.
Mr. WOOD asked and obtained leave of
absence for one week.
metropolitan police.
Mr. INGERSOLL, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported back, with
a recommendation that it do not pass, a bill
^ (H. R. No. 428) to repeal section three of the
! act approved July 23, 1866, establishing a me-
- tropolitan board of police for the District of
Columbia; which was laid on the table.
RAILROAD ROUTES.
Mr. INGERSOLL, from the same commit-
tee, also reported back adversely House joint
resolution No. 1-52, providing for the survey of
