4210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
they are both interested in producing a va-
cancy, and, according to the provisions of the
Constitution, are members of the tribunal by
whose decree a vacancy may be produced.
Under such circumstances the impropriety
of designating either of these officers to succeed
the President so removed is palpable. The
frarners of the Constitution when they referred
to Congress the settlement of the succession
to the office of President in the event of a
vacancy in the offices of both President and
Vice President, did not, in my opinion, con-
template the designation of any other than an
officer of the executive department on whom,
in such a contingency, the powers and duties
of the President should devolve. Until re-
cently the contingency has been remote, and
serious attention has not been called to the
manifest incongruity between the provision of
the Constitution on this subject and the act of
Congress of 1792. Having, however, been
brought almost face to face with this important
question, it seems an eminently proper time
for us to make the legislation conform to the
language, intent, and theory of the Constitu-
tion, and thus place the executive department
beyond the reach of usurpation, and remove
from the legislative and judicial departments
every temptation to combine for the absorption
of all the powers of Government.
It has occurred to me that in the event
of such a vacancy the duties of President
would devolve most appropriately upon some
one of the heads of the several Executive
Departments \ and, under this conviction, I
present for your consideration an amendment
to the Constitution on this subject, with the
recommendation that it be submitted to the
people for their action.
Experience seems to have established the
necessity of an amendment of that clause of
the Constitution which provides for the elec-
tion of Senators to Congress by the Legisla-
tures of the several States. It would be more
consistent with the genius of our form of Gov-
ernment if the Senators were chosen directly
by the people of the several States. The
objections to the election of Senators by the
Legislatures are so palpable that I deem it
unnecessary to do more that submit the prop-
osition for such an amendment, with the rec-
ommendation that it be opened to the people
for their judgment.
It is strongly impressed on my mind that
the tenure of office by the judiciary of the
United States, during good behavior for life,
is incompatible with the spirit of republican
government, and in this opinion I am fully
sustained by the evidence of popular judgment
upon this subject in the different States of the
Union. 1 therefore deem it my duty to recom-
mend an amendment to the Constitution by
which the terms of the judicial officers would
be limited to a period of years, and I herewith
present it in the hope that Congress will sub-
mit it to the people for their decision.
The foregoing views have long been enter-
tained by me. In 1845, in the House of Rep-
resentatives, and afterward, in 1860, in the
Senate of the United States, I submitted sub-
stantially the same propositions as those to
which the attention of Congress is herein in-
vited.
Time, observation, and experience have con-
firmed these convictions ; and, as a matter of
public duty, and with a deep sense of my con-
stitutional obligation, "to recommend to the
consideration of Congress such measures as I
deem necessary and expedient," I submit the
accompanying propositions, and urge their
adoption and submission to the judgment of
the people. ANDREW JOHNSON,
Washington, D. C., July 18, 1868.
Joint resolution proposing amendments to the Con-
stitution of the United States.
Whereas the fifth article of the Constitution of the
United States provides for amendments thereto, in
the manner following, namely:
1. Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses
shall deem il neccasaiy, shall propose amendments to
the Constitution, or on the application of the Legts-
turesoftwo thirds of the several States shall call a
convention ior proposing amendments, which, in
cither case, shall bo valid to all intents and purposes,
as part of this Constitution, when ratilied by the
Legislatures of three fouiths of the several States, or
by convention in three iourths thereof, as the one or
the other mode of ratification may be proposed by
Congress: Provided, That no amendment which may
bo made prior to the year 1808 shall in any manner
affect the first and fourth clauses in the ninth section
of the first article; and that no State, without its
consent, shall be deprived ol its equal suffrage in the
Senate: Therefore,
lie it resolved by the Senate and Houae of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled,(two thirds of both Houses concurring,) That the
following amendments to the Constitution of the
United States be proposed to the Legislatures of the
several States, which when ratified by tlie Legisla-
tures of three fourths of the States, shall be valid to
all intents and purposes as part ol the Constitution:
That hereafter the President and Vice President
of the United States shall be chosen for the term of
six years by the people of the respective States, in
the manner following: each State shall be divided
by the Legislatures thereof in districts equal in num-
ber to the whole number of Senators and Representa-
tives to which such State maybe entitled m the Con-
gress of the United States; the said districts to be
composed of contiguous tcrntory, and to contain, as
nearly as may be, an equal number of persons entitled
to be represented tinder the Constitution, and to be
laid oil, lor the first time, immediately alter the rati-
fication of this amendment; that, on the first Thurs-
day in August, in the year 18—, and ori the sameday
every sixth year thereafter, the citizens ot each State
who possets the qualifications ieoiuiaite for electors
of the most numerous branch of the State Legisla-
tures shall meet within their respective districts and
vote for a President and V ice President of the United
States; and the person receiving thegreatestnumber
of votes for President, and the one receiving the
greatest number of votes tor Vice President in each
district, shall be holden to have received one vote;
which fact shall be immediately certified by the Gov-
ernor of the State to each of the Senators in Con-
gress from such State, and to the President oi the
Senate and the Speaker of the House of .Representa-
tives. The Congress oi the United States shall be m
session on the second Monday in October m theyear
13—, and oil tue same day on eveiy bixth year there-
after; and the President of the Senate, in tiie pres-
ence of tho Senate and House of Representatives,
shall open all the certificates and the votes shall
then be counted. The person having the greatest
number of votes for President shall be President, if
such number bo equal to a majority of the whole
number of votes given; but if no peibon have such a
majority, then a second election shall be held on the
first Thursday in tho month of December then next
ensuing, between the persons having the two highest
numbers for tho otsicc of President, which seuond
flection shall be conducted, the result certified, and
the votes counted, in the same manner as in the first,
and the person having the greatest number of vot$s
lor President shall be Piesident. But if two or more
personsshallhave received the greatest, and an equal
number of votes, at tho second election, then tho
pei.sun who shall have received the greatest number
of votes in tho greatest number ol States shall be
President. The person having the greatest number
of votes for Vice President, at the fiibt election, shall
be Vice President, if such number be equal to a
majoiity of the whole number of votes given; and if
no person have such majority, then a second election
shall take place between the persons having the two
highest numbers, on tho same day that the second
election is held for President; and thoperson having
the highest number of votes lor Vice President shall
be Vice President. But if there should happen to be
an equality of votes between the persons so voted for
at the second election, then the person having the
greatest number of States shall be Vice President.
But when a second election shall be necessary m the
case of Vice President, and not necessary in the case
of President, then the Senate shall choose a Vice
President lroni tho persons having the two highest
numbers in the first election, as is. now prescribed m
the Constitution: Provided, That after the ratifica-
tion of this amendment to the Constitution, the Pres-
ident and Vice President shall hold their offices,
respectively, for the term ofi.six years, and that no
President or Vice President shall be eligible for
reelection to a second term.
_ And be it further rexolved, That article two, sec-
tion one, paragraph six, of the Constitution of the
United States Miall be amended so da to read as fol-
lows ; "In case of the removal of the Fresidcntlrom
office, or of his death or resignation, or inability to
discharge the powers and duties of said olfice, the
same shall devolve on the Vice President, and in
case of the removal, death, resignation, or inability
both of tho President and Vice President, tho pow-
ers and duties of said office shall devolve upon the
Secretary ol State for the time being, and after this
officer, in case of vacancy in that or in other Depart-
ments, and in tho order in which they are named, on
the Secretary of the Treasury, on the Secretary of
War, on the Secretary of the Navy, on the Secretary
of the Interior, on the Postmaster General, and on
the Attorney General; and such officer on whom the
powers and duties of President shnll devolve, in
accordance with the foregoing provisions, shall then
aetas Presidentuntilthe disability shall be removed
or a President shall be elected, as is or may be pro-
vided for by law."
Sec. 3. And be it farther resolved, That article one,
section three, be amended to read as follows: "The
Senate of the United States shall be composed of two
Senators from each State, chosen by the persons qual-
ified to vote for the membeis of tho most numerous
branch of tho Legislature thereof, for six years, ancl
each Senator shall havtj one vote.''
Sec. 4. And be it farther oeso/ved. That article
thioe, section one, be amended to read as follows j
Article III.
Section 1. The judicial power of the United States
shall be vested in one Supreme Court, and in such
inferior courts as theCongressfrom time to time may
ordain and establish. The judges of the Supreme tJid
inferior courts shall hold their ofiices during the
term of twelve years, and shall, at stated times,
receive for their services a compensation which shall
not be diminished during their continuancc in office.
And it shall be the duty of the President of the Uni-
ted States, within twelve months after the ratifies
tion of this amendment by three fourths of all th 
States, as provided by the Constitution-of tho United
States, to divide the whole number of judges, asnear
as may be practicable, into three classes. The seats
of the judges of the first class shall be vacated at the
expiration of the fourth year from such classification,
of the second class at the expiration of the sixth yearr
and of the third class at the expiration of the twelfth
year, so that one third may be chosen every fourth
year thereafter.
executive communication".
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of War,
communicating, in obedience to law, a state-
ment of contracts made by the Quartermas-
ter's department during the month ending
June 80, 1868; which was referred to- the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
message from tiie house,
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPhe&son". its Clerk, announcedthaS
the House had passed the following Joint reso-
lutions, in which it I'equested the concurrence
of the Senate:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 319) in regard
to charges of desertion in cases of soldiers
honorably discharged ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 345) relative
to printing specifications of patents.
ENROLLED BILLS SISZx'EIX
The message also announced that tho Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolutions; and they were
thereupon signed by the President pro tempore
of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 485) to aid the improve-
mentof the Des Moines and Rock Island rapids
in the Mississippi river;
A bill (H. R. No. 1081) for the relief of John
A. Neustaedter -7
A bill (II. R. No. 1284) imposing taxes on
distilled spirits and tobacco, and for other
purposes;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. G2G) for the
relief of Henry B. St. Marie j
A joint resolution (EL R. No. 331) to grant
American register to Hawaiian brig Victoria ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. U3S) exonerat-
ing certain vessels of the United States from
the payment of tonnage fees to consular age&ts.
in Canada; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. Ul) for the
reliefofZ. M. Hall.
fourteenth constitutional amendment-
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate resolutions of the Legislature of
South Carolina, ratifying the amendment to the
Constitution, of the United States, proposed to
the several States by a joint resolution of Con-
gress passed on the 13th day of June, 1S0C, to
be designated as article fourteen of amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States;
which were referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
HOUSE BILLS KEFEKKEP.
The joint resolution (H. Ii. No. 310) in re-
gard to charges of desertion in cases of soldiers
honorably discharged was read twice bv its title*
ai'd referred to the Committee on "Military
Aiiuirs and the Militia.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 345) relative
to printing specifications of patents was rea3
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing.
proposed fivexixg session.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Before the Sen-
ator from Michigan proceeds I wish to make
a motion that the Senate take a recess to-day
