THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
105
Mr. EVARTS. And who is the judge of the
docGncy?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. The court before
whom the man is tried for breaking the laws of
decency.
Mr. EVARTS. Did you ever hear of a man
being tried for freedom of speech in this coun-
try ?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. No; but I have
seen two or three women tried ; I never heard
of a man being tried for it before. [Laugh
ter.] [To the witness.] I was asking you
whether there was considerable excitement in
the manner of the President, at.the time he was
cautioned by the crowd not to get mad?
Answer. I was not standing where I could
see the President. I did not notice his man-
ner ; I only heard his tone of voice.
Question. Judging from what you saw and
heard ?
Answer. I did not see the President.
Question. What you heard?
Answer. He seemed excited; I do not know
what his manner is from personalacquaintance
when he is angry.
Mr. Manager BUTLER, (to the counsel for
the respondent.) The witness is yours, gen-
tlemen.
Mr. EVARTS. Do you propose to offer this
report of the speech?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I do.
Mr. EVARTS. Very well; then I will cross-
examine the witness.
Cross-examined by Mr. Evarts :
Question. Did you report the whole of the
President's speech?
Answer. No, sir. The hour was late and I
left shortly before the close; I do not know
how long before he closed his speech.
Question. So your report does not profess
to be of the whole of the speech?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. From the time that he commenced
till the point at which you left off did you
report the whole of his speech?
Answer. No, sir. Certain sentences were
broken off by the interruptions of the crowd, as
I befure stated.
Question. But aside from the interruptions,
did you continue through the whole tenor of
the speech till the point at which you left?
Answer. I did.
Question, Did you make a report of it word
for word as you supposed?
Answer. Yes, sir; as I understood the
speech.
Question. And did you attempt to include,
word for word, the interruptions of the assem-
blage?
Answer. 1 did. I took what appeared to be
the principal exclamations of the crowd; I
could not hear all of them.
Question. When did you make the copy or
transcript that you produce here?
Answer. I made that about two weeks since,
after 1 was summoned before the Managers of
the impeachment, and gave evidence concern-
ing the speech there.
Question. Can you be as accurate or as con-
fident m a transcript made after a lapse of two
years as if it had been made presently, when
the speech was fresh?
Answer. I generally find that when a speech
is fresh in my mind I read the notes with more
readiness than when they become old; but as
to the accuracy of the report I think I can
make as accurate a transcript of the notes now
as at that time.
Question. When you transcribe after the
lapse of time you have nothing to help you
except the figures that are before you ill your
notes ?
Answer. That is all, with me.
Question. Are you not aware that in phono-
graphic reporting there is frequent obscurity
in the haste and brevity of the notation?
Answer. There sometimes is.
By Mr. Manager Butler:
Question. I observe that the counsel on
the other side asked for the politics of the
Leader, May I ask you for the politics of the
World?
Answer. I have understood them to be Dem-
ocratic.
Everett D. Stark sworn and examined.
By Mr. Manager Buti.er:
Question. What is your profession?
Answer. I practice law now.
Question. What was your profession in Sep-
tember, 18G6?
Answer. I practiced law then.
Question. Where?
Answer. In Cleveland. I may say I was
formeily a short-hand reporter, and do more
or less of it now in law business.
Question. Did you report the specch of An-
drew Johnson, President of the United States,
from the balcony of the Cleveland Hotel on
the night of the 3d of September, 18U6?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. For what paper?
Answer. For the Cleveland Herald.
Question. Did you take it in short-hand?
Answer. I did.
Question. Was it written out by you and
published ?
Answer. It was.
Question. Was it published as written out
by you?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Have you your short-hand notes?
Answer. I have not.
Question. Are they in existence?
Answer. I suppose not. I paid no attention
to them. I suppose they were thrown iu the
chip-basket.
Question. Did you ever compare the printed
speech in the Herald with your notes for any
purpose, or with the manuscript?
Answer. I did with the manuscript that
night. That is, I compared the slips of proofs
that were furnished with the copy as I took it
from the original notes.
Question. How did it compare ?
Answer. It was the same.
Question. Were the slips of proofs the same
as the paper published the next day?
Answer. Just the same with such typograph-
ical corrections as were made there.
Question. Have you a copy of the paper?
Ansxccr. I have.
Question. Will you produce it? [The wit-
ness produced a copy of the Cleveland Herald
of September *1, 18G0.] Can you now state
whether this is a substantially accurate report
in this paper of what Andrew Johnson said
the night before?
Answer. Yes, sir; it is generally. There
are some portions there that were cut down,
and I can point out just where those places are.
Question. By being "cut down" do you mean
the substance given instead of the words?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Does it appear in the report which
are substantial and which are the verbatim
parts?
Answer. Not to any other person than my-
self, as I can tell from my recollection.
Question. Can you point out that which is
substantial, and that which is accuiate in the
repoi t?
The Witxess. Do you wish me to go over
the whole speech for that purpose?
Mr. Manager BU TLElt. I will for the pres-
ent conliue myself to such portions as are in the
articles. If my learned friends want you to go
over the rest they will ask you.
The Witness. Commencing a little before
where the specification m the articles of im-
peachment begins, I can read just what Mr.
Johnson said at that point.
Question. Do so.
Answer, (reading.) '• Where is the man liv-
ing, or the woman, in the community, that
I have wronged, or where is the person that
can place their finger upon one single hair-
breadth of deviation from one single pledge I
have made, or one single violation of the Con-
stitution of the country? What tongue does
he speak? What religion does he profess?
Let him come forward and place his finger
upon one pledge I have violated." There
there was some interruption by the crowd, and
various remarks were made, of which I have
noted one, because only one did Mr. Johnson
pay any attention to, and that was a voice that
cried "Hang J elf". Davis." The President
said, " Hang Jeff. Davis? Hang Jeff. Davis?
Why don't you?" There was then some ap-
plause and interruption, and he repeated " Why
don't you?" and there was again applause
and interruption; and the President went on,
" Have not you got the court? Have not you
got the court," repeating it twice. "Have
not you got the Attorney General? Who is
your Chief Justice—and that refused to sit upon
the trial?" There was then interruption aud
applause, and he went on to say: " I am not
the prosecuting attorney; I am not the jury :
but 1 will tell you what I did do: I called
upon your Congress that is trying to break up
the Government"  At that point there
was interruption and confusion, and there
may have been words there uttered by the
President that I did not hear, but I think not.
" Yes, did your Congress order hanging Jeff.
Davis?" and then there was confusion and
applause. And then the President went on
to say, "But let prejudices pass," and so on.
Question. Will you now come toward the
conclusion of the other point mentioned in the
specifications, and state whether you reported
that accurately?
Answer. Commencing a little before where
the specification is of the spcech he said: " In
bidding you farewell here to-night, I would
ask you with all the pains Congress has taken
to calumniate and malign me, what has Con-
gress done ? Has it done anything to restore
the Union ofthe States ? But, on the contrary,
has it not done everything to prevent it ? And
because I stand now as I did when the rebellion
commenced I have been denounced as a traitor.
My countrymen, here to-night, who has suffered
more than I? Who has run greater risk?
Who has borne more than I? But Congress,
factious, domineering, tyrannical Congress,
has undertaken to poison the minds of the
American people and create a feeling against
me"—so far Mr. Johnson's words, and I con-
cluded the sentence here in this fashion—" in
consequence of the manner in which I have
distributed the public patronage." These
were not Mr. Johnson's words, but contained
in a summary way tbe reasons that he gave
just at that point for his action.
Mr. EVARTS, (to the Managers.) Do you
propose to offer this report of the Cleveland
specch also?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I propose to read
one and offer all, so that the President may
have the privilege of collating them in order
to have no injustice done him as to what he
said.
Mr. EVARTS. We do not claim any priv-
ileges of that kind ; on the contrary, we pro-
pose to object to all of them that they are not
properly proved.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Certainly. I ob-
served that the President objected in his an-
swer that wo did not put in all he said, and I
mean to do the best I can in that regard now.
Mr. EVARTS. That is exactly what we
desire, if anything is to come in. Now, I will
proceed with the witness.
Cross-examined by Mr. Evaets :
Question. You have a newspaper report
here ?
Answer. I have.
Question. And that is all you have?
Answer. That is all the memorandum I have.
Question. The only memorandum is the
newspaper report?
Answer. The newspaper report.
Question. What is the date of the news-
paper?
Answer. September 4, 18G6.
Question. Did you make a stenographic
report of the whole of the President's speech 1
Answer. I did with one exception.
