1868.
THE COiVGKESSlOJS'AL GLOBE.
3187
the people for the paper currency that is fur-
nished by the Government of the United
Stales. That may be saved, and in a few
years, instead of being taxed for a paper cur-
rency, we may have a paper currency not |
taxed, upon which the people do not pay a tax j
in the form of interest paid in gold upon bonds j
deposited in the Treasury. !
Getting away from that system, and saving |
that burden upon t-he people, then, as is sug- j
gested by the Senator from Kentucky, reducing j
the expenses of the Army $50,000,000 a year, |
which is practicable, which is possible, which
ought to be done at once, which ought to have
been done during the last two years, and
abandoning the expenditures for the Freed-
men's Bureau, and returning to the legitimate
business of this Government, we can bring the
expenditures of this Government within the
easy management of the people. I am grate-
ful to the Senator from Kentucky for his sug-
gestion of retrenchment in the direction to
which he has referred. It can be made. I
have examined it somewhat. The Army of
the United States, instead of costing $100,-
000,000 a year, ought not to cost the people
more than $50,000,000 a year. When we
make these plain, simple, and easy reforms, I
believe that the taxes upon the people need
extend to but a very few articles. Reduce your
tax upon whisky to one dollar per gallon and
let it be collected, which is possible, which is
practicable at that rate; and then a reasonable,
fair, proper tax upon tobacco, and a few other
articles and perhaps upon incomes, and the
other interests of the people may be relieved
from taxation.
Before the war, in 1860, the production of
whisky in this country was about ninety mil-
lion gallons a year. In the Slate of Indi-
ana it was about nine millions; .in Ohio about
fifteen millions; in Illinois, about fifteen mil-
lions. The policy that has been adopted has
destroyed that interest. Put the tax at a reason-
able rate, at one dollar per gallon, and let us
collect, say sixty, seventy, or eighty million
dollars upon whisky, instead of twelve or
thirteen millions under the present inefficient
state of legislation, or the present failure in
the executive department, and we shall have
made a great advance toward the relief of the
people.
Mr. President, I did not intend to discuss
the question at any length, but simply- to
express my opposition to any extension of the
present, banking system, which in my judgment,
is based upon a wrong policy.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I admire
the skill displayed by the Senator from Indiana
in the discussion of controverted political
questions. I am often reminded, as I listen
to that Senator, of the position of that famous
down-easter, Colonel Ethan Spike, who de-
clared that he was in favor of the Maine law
but against its execution. [Laughter.] llie
Senator goes a little forward, then he backs
a little. He bravely asserts his propositions,
and then he cautiously qualifies and modifies
them, so that he is for and against all the con-
tested points relating to finance and currency
before the country. Sir, this going for a tiling
and then backing on it, going a little this way
and a little that way will hardly work out the
solution of the financial problems before the
country.
Sir, I shall vote for the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Kentucky. I am
opposed to any further expansion of the cur-
rency, either by the banks or by the issue of
le^al-tender notes. We have gone too far in
the direction ol expansion already for the pro-
ductive interests of the country and the inter-
ests of the toiling men of the country.^ We
have eight or ten million men engaged in the
productive industries of the nation, and their
weekly labor is worth seventy-five or one hun-
dred million dollars. A few million dollars
more or less imposed upon the nation m the
form of taxation is of little consideration com-
pared with a policy that shall bring a sound
currency. An unsound, vicious currency may
impose a loss of five hundred or one thousand
million dollars a year. What, then, does a
few million dollars annually amount to as a
burden upon the nation, if it shall secure to
us in two or three years the restoration of a
souud currency ?
It seems to me that sound policy, the perma-
nent and enduring interests of all sections of
the country, and especially the interests of the
toiling millions require that the greenback cir-
culation shall be reduced to an amount which
can be redeemed and made equal to specie.
Mr. Pendleton, now the champion of irredeem-
able paper money, declared in 1862, on the
floor of the House, that the legal-tender notes
were sent into the world stamped with irre-
deemability; that we put on them the mark of
Cain, and like Cain they would go forth to
be vagabonds and fugitives on the face of the
earth. He declared that private ruin and pub-
lic bankruptcy, either with or without repudia-
tion, would inevitably follow the issuing of the
greenbacks. There are those who would keep
the stamp of irredeemability upon the legal-
tender notes ; there are those who would con-
tinue to send them forth to be vagabonds and
fugitives on the earth, until repudiation should
come. It seems to me to be the province of
statesmanship to enter upon a policy that shall
stamp redeemability upon the face of these
greenbacks and make these vagabond and
fugitive notes equal to the purest gold.
Sir, it is clear to me that what the people of
the new States and the southern States need is
banking capital, not the further issue of legal-
ten demotes by the Government- Banks estab-
lished and managed in localities where active
capital is required furnish the means of dis-
counting local paper or of making the loans_
required for local interests. The Treasury of !
the United States will not go into the business
of exchanging greenbacks for the notes of
country traders, nor country money-borrowers.
1 believe the present banking system of the
United States is the best banking system the
world ever saw. The first year of the war
swept away seventy-nine banks in Illinois,
thirty-nine banks in Wisconsin, and nearly all
the banks in Michigan and Minnesota. The
people of the Northwest and of the Southwest
have been robbed under the old banking sys-
tem of millions of dollars. The biliholders of
the national banks have not lost a single dol-
lar by the failure of any of those banks. Ohio
and Indiana had when the war opened, sate
and well-managed banks. We had $123,000,-
000 of banking capital in New England. The
national banking system was forced upon us.
New York had a safe banking system and she
was forced to give it up. The safety of the
present banking system to the note-holders is
demonstrated. No sooner does a bank fail
than its notes rise above their par value.
Mr. SHERMAN. Does the Senator know
why the value of the notes rises when the bank
fails'?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. > It is simply because the
western banks then find an opportunity to go
and buy them up, for the advantage of that
circulation, which they ought to have without
discount. There are banks in existence in the
western States that have paid from ten to forty
thousand dollars in New England and New
York for the privilege of starting banks where
ever batiks there have failed.
Mr. WILSON. I understand that subject.
Mr. POMEROY. The banks of the West
have been compelled to buy the circulation of
New England and New \ork, and pay three
and four per cent, for it.
Mr. COLE. Which they ought to have for
nothing.
Mr. WILSON. Sir, I am opposed to in-
creasing the circulation of legal tender notes,
aud 1 am opposed to increasing the bank cn-
culation. 1 desire to get to a specie-paying
system at the earliest possible day consistent
with safety ; but it does not seem to me that
we are doing anything in the direction of specie
payments. On the contrary, it seems to me we
are every day drifting further from it. This
greenback policy means that we shall never
come to it. It means that we shall impose
upon the country an irredeemable paper cur-
rency, condemned by every man who ever
wrote on banking, and every statesman in our
own country or any other country. No man
known as a financier in the Old World or in the
New sustains the views expressed by the Sen-
ator from Indiana. An irredeemable paper
currency issued by the Government has been
condemned and is now condemned by finan-
| ciers and statesmen. Alexander Hamilton
I pronounced the issuing of paper money by the
. Government " a seducing and dangerous expe-
dient," ''likely to be extended to a degree which
would occasion an inflated and artificial state
of things incompatible with the regular and
prosperous course of political economy." Sir
Robert Peel declared that "the effect of the
State having the complete control of the cir-
culating medium in its own hands would be
most mischievous."
Sir, I am opposed to continuing, without
any effort to change it, this irredeemable paper
money system. It is a burden upon the pro-
ductive industry of the country, it is a heavy
burden upon toiling men. Rather than enter
! upon a system of further expansion, I would
i vole to reduce the amount of circulation the
| Government has accorded to Massachusetts.
I Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the Sen-
i ator one question, if he will permit me, before
i he takes his seat.
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to know why,
to the workingman, the bill of a bank is more
secure when it rests for its credit upon a Gov-
ernment bond than a note issued bytheTreas-
i ury upon the faith of the Government?
Mr. WILSON. It makes no difference to
the workingman whether he has a legal-tender
note or the note of a national bank in his
pocket, but it does make a difference to the
workingman whether we have an irredeemable
paper currency, or whether it be a currency
redeemable in gold and silver on demand.
The labor of the country demands a sound
currency, a currency based upon gold and sil-
ver. We should enter at once upon a policy
that shall give us at no distant day such a cur-
rency. Instead of entering upon it, we now
propose, in order to give twenty millions of the
currency of the national banks to the new
States and the southern States, to expand the
| currency to that amount. Why not withdraw
| the circulation of legal-tender notes to the same
amount we increase the circulation of the na-
tional bank notes? We have passed through
a severe commercial crisis. The business
interests of the country are improving. If we
shall be blessed with good crops the business
men of the country have the best reason to
hope for a marked improvement in all depart-
ments of productive industry. The laboring
I men of the country, who have severely felt the
i pressure upon the business interests of the
| nation, are now looking to the future with
j renewed confidence aud hope. \\ hy, then, for
the benefit of jobbers and speculators who fat-
! ten upon the misfortunes of the people, derange
' and disturb the monetary affairs of the country
j by entering upon a policy of expansion? I
j take no part in this work of increasing the
! amount of irredeemable paper money, nor of
1 imposing new burdens upon labor.
! Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. President, I believe
! the proposition now before the Senate is one
j; to modify the twenty-second section of the
i! banking act so as to authorize an increase of
!! the circulation notes of the national banks to
! the extent of 320,000,000. It is a very simple
i proposition ; there is but very little in it; but
I gentlemen have gone outside of the question
| before the Senate, and they are discussing the
I effect upon property, upuii real estate and per-
! sonal property, the effect upon the wages of
! the laboring man, of a return to specie pay
