108
SUPPLEMENT TO
Question. What exception is that?
Answer. It was a part of what he said about
the Freedmen's Bureau. Somewhere about
the commencement of, I should say, the latter
halt of his speech by time, he went somewhat
into details and figures which I omitted to take
down.
Question. Did you write out your notes in
full?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. You never did that?
Answer. I never did that.
Question. And you have not now cither the
notes or any transcript of them?
Answer. Only this.
Question. You have got a newspaper; 1 un-
derstand that. Now, did you prepare for the
newspaper the report that is theio contained ?
Answer. I did.
Question. And you prepared it on the plan of
some part verbatim and some part condensed?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. What was your rule of condensa-
tion and the motive of it.
_ Answer. I had no definite rule that I can
give. The reason why I left out a part of what
he said of the Freedmen's Bureau was 
Question. That was not condensed at all,
was it?
Answer. That part was not taken. That I
did take was somewhat condensed.
_ Question. I am only asking about what you
did take, not what you did not take. What was
your rule in respect to what you put verbatim
into your report and what you condensed?
How did you determine which parts you would
treat in one way or the other?
Answer. Well, sir, perhaps I was influenced
somewhat by what X considered would be a
little more spicy or entertaining to the reader.
Question. In which interest, that of the Pres-
ident or his opponents?
Answer. Well, I do not know that.
Question. Which side were you on ?
Answer. I was opposed to the President.
Question. But you do not know which you
thought the interest was you selected the spicy
part for ?
Answer. I was very careful of those parts
that occasioned considerable excitement or
interest in the crowd, in his hearers, to take
them down carefully, as he said them.
Question. The parts that the crowd were
most interested in you tlioughtyou would take
down carefully?
Answer. With more particularity.
Question. And the parts thatthcy were inter-
ested in, as you observed, wore thoso that they
made the most outcry about? Was it not so ?
Answer. Yes, sir; partially so.
Question. That was your judgment and
guide?
Answer. Considerably.
Question. Now, in regard to the condensed
part of your report, are you able to say that
there is a single expression in that portion of
your report which was used by the President,
so that the words as they caine from his mouth
were there set down ?
Answer. No, sir; I think it is not the case
in those particular points that I condensed. 1
did so by the use, in some part, of my own
words.
Question. And for compression of space, did
you not?
Answer. Yes, sir; primarily.
Question. Was not your role for condensa-
tion partly when you had got tired of writing
out?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Not at all 1
Answer. One reason was it was getting on
between three and four o'clock, and I was
directed to cut down toward the last, and I did
so more toward the last than I did in the
earlier parts of the speech.
Question. In order to be ready for the press ?
_ Answer. In order to be ready for the morn-
ing press.
Sir. EVARTS. We object to this report as
a report of the President's speech.
Mr. Manager BUTLER, (to the witness.)
Mark it with your initials and leave it on the
table. [The witness marked with his initials
'•E. D. S." the copy of the Cleveland Herald
referred to by him.] I forgot to ask you what
arc the politics of the Herald.
The Witness. It was at that time what we
called "Johnson Republican." Some culled
it " Post Oflice Republican." The editor of
the llerald had the post office at that time.
_ Mr. Manager BUTLHR. I propose now,
sir, to ofl'er as the foundation, as the one upon
which X rely, the Leader's report as sworn to
by Mr. Hudson, the first witness as to this
speech.
Mr. EVARTS. That we object to ; and the
grounds of objection, made manifest doubtless
to the obseivation of the Chief Justice and the
Senators, are greatly enhanced when I find that
the managers are in possession of the original
minutes of a short-hand reporter of the whole
speech and his transcript made therefrom and
sworn to by him. Wo submit that to substitute
for this evidence of the whole speech, upon
this mode of authentication, the statement of
Mr. Hudson upon the plan and theory as testi-
fied to^by him, is contrary to the firot princi-
ples of justice in evidence. He has not said
how much is his and how much is the reporter
Johnson's, and it is in considerable part con-
densed, a statement of "drift," determined
by circumstances, not of the President's utter-
ance. The same objection will be made if this
second or Cleveland Herald report is pre-
sented.
Mr. Manager BTTTLER. I do not propose
to argue the question. Suppose we were try-
ing any other case for substantive words,
would not this be a sufficient proof? I do not
propose to withdraw the other report of Mr.
McEwen. I propose to put it in, subject to
comment, to be read if these gentlemen desire
it read, and the other report, so that we may
have all three reports: the Post office report,
the Republican report, and the Democratic
report. A natural leani.ig makes me lean to
this particular report as the one which I mean
shall be the standard report, because it is sworn
to expressly by the party as having been writ-
ten down by himself, published by himself, and
corroded by himself, and I am only surprised
that there should be objection to it.
Mr. EVAUTS. Nothing can better mani-
fest, Mr. Chief Justice, the soundness of our
objection than the statement of the Manager,
lie selects by preference a report made by and
through the agency of political hostility, and
on the planof condensation, and on the method
of condensing another man's notes, the amount
and quality relatively not being discerned, in-
stead of a sworn report by a phonographer
who took every word and brings his,original
notes transcribed and brings his transcrip-
tion and swears to their accuracy; and here
deliberately, in the face of this testimony as
to what was said, thus authentically taken
and authentically preserved and brought into
court to be verified, the honorable Manager
proposes to present, as of the speech in its pro-
duction, the notes framed and published in tho
motive, and with the feeling and under the in-
fluence and in the method, that has been
stated. We object to it as evidence of the
words spoken.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. If, Mr. President
and Senators, I had not lived too long in this
world to be astonished at anything, I should
have been surprised at the tone in which this
proposition is argued. Do I keep back from
these gentlemen anybody's report? Do I not
give them all reports—everything I can lay my
hand on ? Am I obliged to go into the enemy's
camp? Shall I not use the report of my friends
and not of my enemies, and then give them an
opportunity of having the reports of my ene-
mies to correct that of my friends? Is all
virtue, all propriety in the Democratic report?
Can that never be wrong? Atone time I think
President Johnson, if I remember, would not
like to have had me put in the " World's" re-
port of him ; and when they changed exactly I
do not know. I have offered this report—why ?
Because this is the fullest complete report.
The reason why I did not rely upon Mr. Mc-
Ewcn's report is that bo testified on the stand
that lie got tired and went, away and did not re-
port the whole speech; but this is a report of
the whole speech, and the only report which
purports to be a report of the whole speech. Mr.
Stark's report, as lie says, left out aportion. Mr.
McEwen expressly swear she left out a portion.
Hence I cannot put them in, or if I offeied
to do so I should be met with the objection,
"You do not put in the whole speech." I do
choose the report which the witness swears is
a complete report of the speech except so far
as he synopsized ; and then, so far as the other
two reports go, I bring them in here to correct
it, so that the President shall take no detri-
ment. Oh, how he stickles now for exactness !
The President was willing that Mr. Moore
should make a speech for liim on the 18th of
August, and that went out. Now, then, hero
are three reports, representing the three un-
fortunate divisions of opinion on this question ;
and wo offer them all to the counsel. We say
which we prefer, and then he almost berates
us, as much as his courtesy will allow him to
do, because we choose our friends, and I am
glad to say not his. The question is not of
competency but of weight of evidence, and has
simply been argued so. [Mr. Evarts rose.]
I ask that there may be a decision. I think
I have the close sometimes, sir.
Mr. EVARTS. Not on our objection.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I beg your par-
don; it is on my offer.
Mr. EVARTS. Our objection.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. No ; my offer.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Do the counscl
desire to be heard further ?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Does not the pre-
siding officer think we have tho close ?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The counsel for
the respondent have not exhausted their hour.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Have we got to
keep on in order to get tho close until we oc-
cupy our whole hour?
^ The CHIEF JUSTICE. The rule of the
Senate is that each side shall have an hour.
Air. Manager BUTLER. Be it so. I can
even get on with that rule.
Mr. EVARTS. Discredit is now thrown
upon the most authentic report, first by an
observation that it omits a part of the speech,
and secondly by a suggestion that it has but
Democratic responsibility. There you have it
fairly and squarely, that it is not on the accu-
racy of phonography nor on the honesty of
transcription, but on the color of the mind
through which the President's speech is to be
run, and by double condensation reproduced
to the tone and the temper of a party print.
There is precisely that condensation in the first
original notes of Mr. Hudson, and condensa-
tion then from those notes into the space that
the newspaper takes, and is offered confess-
edly on the principle of selection which the
learned Managers have adopted of preferring
what they consider a friendly report. Mr.
Chief Justiee and Senators, I have read neither
of them. I did not know before that the ques-
tion of whether the authenticity of stenography
was reliable depended upon the political opin-
ions of the stenographer. We submit that there
is no proper evidence; there is no living wit-
ness that by memory can produce the Presi-
dent's speech, and there is no such authentica-
tion of notes in any case but Mr. McEwen's
that makes the published speeches evidence.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I shall not debate
the matter further. 1 rise simply to say that
I have made no such proposition. I think this
is an accurate report so far as we have put it
into the articles. It is an accurate report, a
sworn accurate report, and by a man whom we
can trust and do trust. The others, we think,
are Just as accurate perhaps; that we do not
go into we simply put them forward, so that
if there is any change the President may have
the benefit of it. He comes in here in his
answer and says that we will not give him tho
