1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3189
mediately, having been suspended for over a
quarter of a century. What was the success?
They passed their act. Some Senator said
yesterday fix a day—I think it was my friend
from Indiana 
Mr. MOR TON. I did not say that.
Mr. HENDERSON. Then I take that back ;
but some Senator said, " Fix a day for the^ re-
sumption of specie payment and work up to it."
Mr. MORTON. I said that, but I was not
speaking of the Bank of England.
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly not; but
you would fix a day here, and that is just what
thy English Government did. They thought
when the war closed with great glory to the
Government that prosperity and everything
else would come upon the resumption ot spe-
cie payments. Why, sir, the English Govern-
ment were enabled to carry on the war with
Napoleon simply because they suspended spe-
cie payments, and never could have done it
otherwise. Every man who knows anything of
the history of that Government, knows perfectly
well that it would have been utterly imprac-
ticable for them to carry that war through on
the basis of specie.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask the
Senator 1 his question : when the final resump-
tion by the Bank of England took place was
it not in consequence of the English Govern-
ment having fixed a period of three years
within which to resume, and did not the bank
resume in a year and a half?
Mr. HENDERSON. If the Senator wants
my opinion, I give it in this way: the English
Government fixed a time again and again ;
they fixed on theyear 1810 for resuming; and
what was the result? The premium on gold
increased immediately on the passage of the
act instead of diminishing, and when the day
for resumption came they had produced a
monetary distress in the country tliat had not
existed for ten years preceding. They then
fixed 1818 for resumption ; and what was the
result? They brought another monetary panic
in that country. They then fixed 1820 and
again 1822; and the history of the times will
unclose the fact that every effort on their part
resulted in new disasters. Go back to the
history of that time, and you will find that such
is the fact. Why? Simply because you can-
not bring about specie payments by an edict
of Parliament or Congress.
Mr. WILSON. They got to a specie basis
there at some time.
Mr. HENDERSON. They got there before
the expiration of the last term, as the Senator
from Indiana properly states. Thev did fix the
time again in 1821 or 182-3, and before the time
arrived they did resume specie payments, but
they resumed it upon the increasing business
of the country, upon the revival ot industry,
and upon other things that bring about specie
payments, not upon the act of Parliament. So
it will be here. Wo shall resume specie pay-
ment when the business of the country justifies
it and when our productions are more than,
equal to our importations. When wehavebuilt
up foreign balances and can draw upon those
foreign balances, and can increase our circulat-
ing medium in the precious metals in this
country, then we shall resume specie pay-
ments, not before. The precious metals have
departed ; they are not in the country ; and it is
idle to talk about resuming specie payments
until the revival of business, commercial pros-
perity. agricultural prosperity, and mechanical
prosperity shall have put large balances abroad
to our credit, ft cannot be done otherwise.
Mr. MORTON. 1 should like to ask the
Senator if the demand for gold is not governed
by the ordinary law of supply and demand ;
' and while there is no demand iu this country
for gold except to pay duties. I ask him if gold
wilfnot continue to go out ot the country?
There is no demand for gold now except for
the purpose of paying duties, and therefore
gold does not stay here, but goes where it is
used as currency, where it is demanded tor
other purposes besides duties.
i Mr. HENDERSON. I thought, gold was
S very much in demand. I have not heard a
Senator make a speech on this subject who did
not crave a return to specie payments. Every
Senator seems to look forward with as much
delight to that happy period as lie would to
the haven of rest before him. I cannot see
that former times justify the belief of Senators
that we are going to have such prosperous times
when we do return to specie payments, because
we have had financial difficulties and panics, as
I have shown, during periods of specie payments
and necessity brought ustoasuspensionofspecie
payments, ft will not be a year after wc have
resumed specie payments before an act of Con-
gress will be passed justifying a suspension of
specie payments. You will t-.ee an act of Con-
gress passed in less than twelve months after
resumption, justifying or legalizing the action
of the banks in suspending specie payments.
You talk about resuming specie payments !
What are you going to resume with? The little
coin you have got in the Treasury—$100,000,-
000? What will be the result? You have
§350,000,000 of greenbacks out. Then, I
suppose, we shall rush to the Government
vaults and draw that out. The banks will do
it, of course, in order to resume thernselv. s.
How much money have they got? They have
not over fifteen or twenty million dollars in
their vaults and $800,000,000 out. How are
they going to resume? Is there coin enough
to do it? Surely not. What will be the result?
You will have a discount on paper instead of
having a premium on gold and a uniform value
to your paper throughout the country, both
greenbracks and circulating notes, and they
are worth just as much in Missouri as they are
in New York to-day. Your paper is now per-
fectly uniform, though it is depreciated. I
admit it is depreciated, but it is uniform ; but
it will not be uniform alter that occurs; and do
you not know it ? You then set shaving shops
to work from one end of this land to the other.
Why? Because instead of having a premium
on gold you have a discount upon paper, and
it i;> exactly the same, and you will have to
legalize your suspension or every national
bank will be wound up. When you have taken
up your greenbacks and canceled them, and
the national banks have suspended specie pay-
ment, I should like to see the glorious haven
of rest you have entered. What is the use of
gentlemen talking otherwise? Do they not
know that such will be the case?
This is a plain, practical view ot this ques-
tion, and every man of business interests or
doing business in the country knows if. ^ hat
is the use of disguising it, what is the use
of trying to conceal the fact, and with a five-
cent piece iu our pocket swearing to the world^
that we are rich? There is not a word of
i truth m it. We are not rich. We have been
| engaged for five or six years in destroying
I property. We have destroyed hundreds and
I thousands of millions of property. We nave
i been compelled to take the laboring men from
| the plows and workshops throughout the coun-
■ try and send them into the Army to defend
j the Union. That was all right enough ; but
j you caunot take a million men for live or hx
i jeais and keep them occupied in destroying
j property, abandoning all the industries of the
; country, and still remain rich.
| Mr. WILSON. Does the Senator mean to
' say that wo have not as much wealth now as
; before the war ?
I Mr. HENDERSON. T mean to_ say that
| we have not as much wealthier copilu now as
| before the war. 1 heard the Senator on that
j point; I know all about ms views. He has a
! bloated state of affairs. lie has blown a blad-
! der up in the New England States and thinks
| he is rich. I know exactly what he is ; I know
| exactly what the New England people are.
I I know they have accumulated very largely,
| and did accumulate during the war, because
i of their situation. You had not this war on
1 your own soil as we had in Missouri. We
I were engaged in destroying each other's prop-
erty—necessarily so engaged. Civil war was
upon our soil, and we were destroying each
other, and destroying each other's property.
You wers not doing so in New England. Y'ou
were carrying on your workshops and supply-
ing the Army. You were supplying knapsacks;
you were supplying harness ; you were supply-
ing guns; you were supplying every article
used by the Army; and you sold at enormous
rates. You sold to the Government at three
and four prices, did'you not? You had the
capital of the country. What little we had
w'as destroyed. You took bonds at forty cents
on the dollar ; and now, having them in your
pocket, you come to Congress and say, "Gen-
tlemen, we must resume specie payments."
Why did you not talk about doing business
on the specie basis during the war? Why did
yon insist upon selling a set of harness for
a cavalry horse to us at ninety dollars, when
at the old prices we could have bought it at
thirty dollars : and you know it.
You insisted on so selling, and did so sell to
the Army. We had to give our obligations to
you for ninety dollars for an article really not
worth over thirty-five dollars. Now, imme-
diately after that is done, and you have got
the compensation in your pocket in the shape
of a Government bond, you come before the
country and say, '• Yes, you have got a limit-
ation of $300,000,000 on national banking, and
you must withdraw the greenbacks, take them
out of the question," and immediately upon
doing that you know you come to suspension,
and the country will be bankrupt. You say,
"I cannot help that: I have got a bond and
want to appreciate it to par." We will see
what it will be worth after you have done it.
That will depieciate instead of appreciating it.
[twill depreciate everything in the country;
and every man knows it. Why? Because
you have produced a monetary panic, which
always depreciates property and always depre-
ciates bonds and everything else.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senator if there
is not more taxable property to-day in the
State of Missouri than there was in 1800?
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON, Is it not so in every loyal
State of the Union?
Mr. HENDERSON. No, sir.
Mr. WILSON. And measured by the gold
standard, too?
Mr. HENDERSON. No, sir.
Mr. WILSON. The loyal States are worth
I at least $4,000,000,000 more than they were
I in 1860.
Mr. HENDERSON. All the loyal States
taken together?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, all the loyal States
together are worth ST.000,000,000 more than
S in 1800. and that, too, on the gold basis.
| Mr. HENDERSON. 1 am not talking about
| the aggregate wealth. I spoke of the wealth
i per capita a little while ago. I know that
! population has increased. -There has been an
| immense immigration to this country. The
| Senator must recollect that in 1800 our popu-
\ lation was thirty-one millions, and now it must
' be in the neighborhood of forty millions. I
' apprehend that there is a greater aggregate
: wealth ; but the Senator knows perfectly well
j that in all the seceding Stales there has been
! not only a destruction of S500,000.000 of prop-
1 prty, but there has been a depreciation of
' $yi)0.000.00() more. He knowsthat land worth
, fifty and seventy-five dollars an acre previous
to the war is now selling for two dollars and a
' half and five dollars; and a very slow sale at
1 that. In regard to the seceding States, I know
thev brought these consequences upon them--
| selves : they are but the penalty of their own
' corrupt doings : 1 will not justify them : bftt to
1 deny that there is a depreciation of properly ts
;i idle and useless. The Senator knows to the
contrarv. , . ,
; But, "Mr. President, I have nothing to do*
' now with the aggregate wealth nor the per
1 capita wealth of the country. I am simply
l talking about this measure. Why is it that we
