1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4213
country should be Iield to support any of its
citizens in the perpetration of such an act. I
stated that, as I understood it, when I was up ;
and upon that proposition there can be no dif-
ference between the honorable Senator and
myself; but he went onto say that as he under-
stood it the oiFense of the British Government
consisted, when prosecuting these parties, in
using testimony obtained in the United States
to show the animus with which they went
abroad. Mr. President, it is not difficult for
the British Government to obtain testimony in
Great Britain to convict persons of Irish nation-
ality, no matter whether they remain domiciled
in Ireland or have become expatriated and
taken citizenship in the United States. If the
case is to be thus made up that a man of fri^h
extraction and nativity, who returns to his
native land or to any part of Great Britain, is
to be held to return under the suspicion that
prima facia he goes there to commit crime
and that words spoken and acts done in the
United States are to prove that that was the
case, then there is but one other link in the
chain of testimony necessary to convict him
and deprive him of his libertj7; and that is to
obtain some perjured man for a price to swear-
that he saw him do it. That is what I allege
has been done. I simply demand that our
Government shall inquire and find the facts,
and that finding the facts not to be as stated
by the honorable Senator from Missouri, (for
if they were to be so found, he and I could not
disagree,) but to be that an innocent man and
a citizen of ours has been deprived of liberty,
it shall become the duty of tins Government to
demand his release; and if that he refused,
and the refusal persisted in, then the highest
duty of this Government consists in securing
that release at any cost. That is my case.
Permit me to say on the other subject to
which the Senator referred, that when the
treaties come up we will discuss it.
Mr. DltAKE. I merely wish to say that
the position just taken by the honorable Sena-
tor from California converts the Government
of the United States in the given ease into a
court of errors to reverse the decision of the
British courts.
Mr. FESSKNDKJNT. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to j and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Satuuday, July 18, 180S.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. II. De IIaas, D. D-, of Washington.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
CREDENTIALS OS' MKMBKILS-KLKCT 
Mr. DAWES presented the credentials of
John B. CaliiSj claiming to have been elected
a Representative from the fifth congressional
district of Alabama; which were referred to the
Committee of Elections.
Mr. DAWES also presented the credentials
of W. Jasper Blackburn, claiming to have been
elected a Representative from the fifth congres-
sionaldistrictof Louisiana; which were referred
to the Committee of Elections.
Mr. DAWES. I will yield for a few moments
to the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Laf-
I'lX;] the chairman of the Committee on Print-
ing.
INTERNAL REVENUE LAvV,
Mr. LAFLIN", from the Committee on Print-
ing reported the following resolution ; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Itoafved, Thatthcrebe printed ten thousand copies
of the internal revenue law lately passed, six thou-
sand for the use of the House, and four thousand for
the use of the Treasury Department.
Mr. LAF'LIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted : and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RECONSTRUCTION LAWS, ETC.
Mr. LAFLIN also, from the same commit-
tee, reported the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That there be printed so many of the
general and special orders pertaining to reconstruc-
tion transmitted from the War Department as may
appear to the Committee on Printing necessary to
indicate the extent of powers exorcised, by command-
ers of the military district created in the reconstruc-
tion act of March 2, 1867.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
STATIONERY I5UUKAU.
Mr, LAFLIN. I ask leave to offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be re-
quested to inquire into the expediency of establishing
by law a stationery bureau from which all Depait-
raents of the Government in the District of Columbia
shall obtain supplies of stationery.
Mr. JENCKES. I wish to state for the
information of the House that that subject is
already being considered by the Committee on
Retrenchment.
Mr. LAFLIN. Then I withdraw the reso-
lution.
PRINTING OF PATENT SPECIFICATIONS.
Mr. ELA/from the Committee on Printing,
reported a joint resolution (H. R. No. 345)
relative to printing specifications of patents ;
which was read a iirst and second time.
The joint resolution provides that no bills
shall be paid by the Treasurer for printing
specifications of patents above the contract
price except that seventy cents maybe added to
each thousand words for the additional cost of
composition occasioned by change made in
printing by order of the Committee on Patents.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. WASIIBUIINE, of Illinois. I would
ask the gentleman from New Hampshire, who
has been examining into the subject of print-
ing for the Patent Office, to state the facts
upon which that resolution is founded. I un-
derstand that there are some great abuses there
which the House should understand at once,
mid I desire the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire either to make a verbal statement or to
have his report read.
Mr. ELA. I call for the reading of the re-
port.
The Clerk read the report, as follows:
The Committee on Printing, in obedience to the res-
olution of the House instructing them to inquire
whether the Commissioner ot Patents has procured
any printing, binding, or blank books except at the
Government Printing Othce, and if so, to what
amount, ot whom, and by what authority of law,
report:
That they find the Commissioner of Patents is
prot'u nnsr pi in ting, binding, and blank books outside
the Government Printing Oilice, and without au-
thority ot law. The^ present acting: commissioner
temporarily in the office has made no changes, but
tallowed the precedents and practice&of the ofhccas^
he found them, except that payment for punting of
the speeiiieutions^of patents has been suspended
since February, 18uS.
We have therefore confined our examination
ruainJy to a period commencing with the punting ot
specifications of patents instead ot having them
written, m November, 1S66, and extending down to
the time tho Commissioner U-lon. T. C.Tueakei) le-
■ sivcucd in January, lHthj.
1 The persons omplo\ ed  nd tho amout paid to each
i is as follows, trom jSevcmbcr 20.1&66, to Jauuaiy,
1S0S;
To Philp & Solomons:
i Printing from November -3, 1836, to January ol,
I l36y  --
' For paper used in printing  f-
For blank books and binding,  ^,84/ 2o
To Dempsey tfc O'Toole :
For printing 
Paper for printing....  ^
Plank books ami binding  12,61)0 65
To McGill & Withcrow:
Printing    ^
To William Jl. IS"alley :
Blank books  _,4Sj 30
lating it; and which course is sought to be Justified
upon the ground that the expense is paid from the
patent fund and not from the Treasury* It is but
just to the Commissioner to say that he claims his
action to have met tho approval of the Secretary of
the Interior.
A largo part of this sum, amounting to $74,556 58,
is for composition and press-work on specitications
of patents* under a contract made with Philp & Sol-
omons on the 12th of July, 3866. This contract pro-
vided lor printing ten copies of each specification
for twenty-seven cents per hundred words—tho
Patent OUice to furnish the paper—and tor each
additional copy one cent per hundred words. The
contract provided that tho typo tor tho specifica-
tions should be set in double columns for each page.
Before any were iuruished under the contract speci-
men samples were printed and shown the Commis-
sioner, one of which was in single column, which ho
considered the most" artistic,'' and decided to have
the woik done in that iorm. Tins change added to
the cost of tho work only by increasing the measure-
ment of the composition when performed by tho
piece, and the Commissioner without making new
arrangements paid the contractors an advance of
bixty-fccven per cent, upon the fuv*fc ten copies.
Au extraordinary feature of the contract was that
the Commissioner furnished the paper for this print-
ing. It has been puiehased at the cost of eighty
dollars per thousand sheets, when, in the opinion of
the committee, thirty dollars would have been a very
liberal price and very much above what three of tho
four bidders agreed to contiact to furnish it for in
June, 186$. The amount used in printing specifica-
tions is about one thousand sheets per day, yielding
a daily prolit of at least fifty dollars.
The Interior Department, which contracts for the
stationery for the Patent Office, invited no competi-
tion for "bond paper" until 1868, and the committee
of tho Department to award contracts for 1868 state
in their report to the chief clerk of the Interior De-
partment "that, in addition to tho quantity on hand,
an order had been given for tnrce hundred thousand
sheets, which had been furnished when the bids were
opened, and of which fact tho person representing1
tho Patent Office on the committee was aware, and
which he made known to the committee."
Of tho four parties bidding to furnish the Interior
Department with stationery, Bianchard & Mohun
bid to furnish three hundred thousand sheets ot'bond
paper lorS2,5U0, Philp & Solomons for $6,230, CoyJe
k Towers for $7,0U0, and Dempsey k O'Toole for
£20,000,- yet, "in addition to the quantity on hand/'
an order v.'as given and filled 44 befoie the bids were
opened" for tho same amount, for £24,000. Tho com-
mittee of the Interior Department goon to say "as
the PatentOllicc would not need any more of the arti-
clein question," the bids above named were "prop-
erly disregarded." What will prevent the Patent
Othce iroci again paying $24,000 for the same quan-
tify " belore the bids are opened," and again having
bids for that kiud "t paper "properly disregarded."
The manner in which supplies for the whole Inte-
rior Department are estimated, when advertising for
contracts, will be seen when we state that averaging
the highest and the lowest bids the whole aggregate
amount advertised for was offered to be furnished
for $20,758 42, while the Patent Office alone paid for
paper for printing in fifteen months, $44,47*1 56.
The contract for printing specifications was made
without advertising for competition or furnishing
written specifications of what would bo required.
Parties were informed verbally, and the contract
was made for three years. The reason offered for
this course, anl for not resorting to the Government
Oilice, was that the work was very important, intri-
cate, and difficult, sueh as the Government Office
would not be likely to be able to perform in the
manner and at the time required; and that it was
such an experiment that a failure would be disas-
trous, and therefore none but the most responsible
parties were invited to compete. The work may
have been, and probably was, fully up to the speci-
men which the Commissioner selected, but the com-
mittee have been unablotodiscover anything but an
ordinary specimen of punting, which, in style, re-
flects no credit upon the mechanical bureau of the
country, and which could be "set up" and 44 worked
off" by most apprentices m a country printing oilice.
Tho accounting officers of the Treasury seem to
have passed the«r, bills for printing outside the Gov-
ernment Oflice because they were paid out of the
patent iund, and therefore not subject to the law
n.Htuniivr all pi in ting for the 44 executive and judicial
departments to be done at the Government Printing
Ohice."
The amendment to the appropriation bill made
during the examination hi s piovided against the
continuance of this evil by again ordering all print-
ing to be done at the Government Olhee, and cover-
ing all patent funds into tho Treasury as other
money goes there; and no further remedy is pro-
posed.
That legislation was required in regard to the
1 patent fund fiom the above statement, taken in
i connection with that which follows, will not bo
I doubted. In 1S65 there were 10,664 applications and
i 1,937 caveats filed in the Patent Office, and
i patents issued, In 1867 there were 21,276 applica-
! tions and 3,597caveats filed, andlo.015patents issued,
i The cash receipts in 1H65 were §348,79184, ana la
; 1867 they were *646,88193.
§271,199 34, and in 1867 they were 5039,26332. Aoes®
: figures show that while the business and^
the Patent Office for 18b7 were.very-near tmoe^
Total  $181,810 34 !|
The committee are of tho opinion that this large !
sum has been expended in opposition to the law, fol-
lowing the practice before there was any law regu-
much as in 1&S5, the expenses had
three times as much as in 18o5,reversing s>
rale that increase of busings docs u Vbilo the
portionate increase of .e^PfR{"S0 vr06is dimin-
* * **
