THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
107
full benefit of all he said : und then, wlien we
take great pains hereto bring everybody that
made a report that we cau hear of in this case
and we ofter them all, he says we must take a
given one. To that we answer we take the
one that has the whole speech. And now I
will test the question: if the gentlemen will
agree not to object to McEvven's report, be-
cause it is not a report of the whole speech, I
will take that.
Mr. EVAIITS. We will not make that
objection.
Mr. Manager BUTLER,. Very good; put it
in then.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The honorable
Manager then withdraws his proposition to read
the Cleveland Leader?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. No, sir; I am
going to read this and put in both the others !
as evidence, with your leave. I will take this
as the standard copy.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, if the Man-
agers have no objection to it, I desire to move
that the trial be postponed until to-morrow at
the usual hour, for the purpose of enabling ttie
Senate to transact some business.
Mr. CONKLING and others. Let us finish
this matter.
Mr. HOWARD. I withdraw my motion for
the present.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Mr. Clerk, will
you have the kindness to read this ? [handing
to the Chief Clerk the Cleveland Leader of
September 4, 1866.]
Sir. EVAIITS. The honorable Managers
will correct us if we are in error in supposing
that when I had made manifest our objections
to the imperfect reports, as matter of lawful
right on our part to object, the Managers said
that if we would not object to McEwen's for
incompleteness they would put that in as the
report of the speech. Now, it seems, they pro-
pose to put the others in also.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. We want to be
fully understood, so that we shall have no
mistake. We put this in as the standard. We
put in the other two, so that if the Pi-esident
comes in here with witnesses to say it is not
true, (because all things are possible,) then we
shall have the additional authentication of the
other two reports.
Mr. EVARTS. The learned Manager is
familiar enough with the course of trials to
know that it will be time enough for him to
bring forth these additional copies to contra-
dict this movement of ours when we make it.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I never knew that
was the way. Will you allow this to be read,
or do you still make any objection ? I claim
that they shall all go in.
Mr. EVAIITS. We object to the two copies
from newspapers.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Very good. I ask
that that question be decided, then. We say
thcv all go in.
The CHIEF JUSTICE, (to the Managers.)
You offer the Cleveland Leader first?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I offer the whole
three at once.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
will not put the question upon all three at once
unless so directed by the Senate.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Under the direc-
tion of the presiding officer, 1 will offer first the
Leader, and ask a vote on that.
The CHIEF J UST1CE. The Managers offer
ii report made in the Leader newspaper of
Cleveland, as evidence in the cause. It appears
from the statement of the witness, Hudson, that
the report was not made by him wholly from
his own notes, but from his own notes and the
notes of another person whose notes are not pro-
duced, nor is that person himself produced for
examination. Under these circumstances the
Chief Justice thinks that that paper is inad-
missible. Docs any Senator desire a vote of
the Senate on the question?
Mr. DRAKE. 1 ask for a vote on the ques-
tion, sir.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I supposed this
question was to be decided without debate.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. It is. Senators,
you who are of opinion that the Leader news-
paper is admissible in evidence 
Mr. CONNESS and Mr. SUMNER called
for the yeas and nays ; and they were ordered.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Senators, you who
are of opinion that the Leader newspaper is
admissible in evidence will, as your names
are called, answer "yea;" those of the con-
trary opinion, " nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 85, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Cattoll, Chand-
ler, Cole, Conkhujj, Ounness, Ooructt, Gra^in, Drake,
fttlmmvK F,"i ry, Fe.s->emtcn, Frelingbuvsen, iicu-
rtcrson. Howard, johnson, Morgan, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Norton, Nye, Patterson of
New Hampshire, Poraeroy, ltamsey, Boss, Sherman,
Sprafrue, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Van
Winkle, Willcy, and Williams—-35.
NAYS—Meters. Buekalew, Davis, Dixon, Doolit-
tle, Fowler, Hendricks, Howe, JMeCreery, Patterson
of Tonnessee, Trumbull, and Vickers—11.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Bayard, Grimes, XIarlan,
Morton. Saulsbury, Wade, Wilson, and Yates—8.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. On this question
the yeas are 35, and the nays arc 11. So the
report of the Leader is admitted in evidence.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I now offer also
the report of Mr. MeEwen. Is that objected
to?
Mr. EVAIiTS. Our former objection. We
make no additional objection.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Then I understand
that is in evidence. 1 now offer the leport of
Mr. Stark in the Cleveland Herald. Is there
any objection to that?
Mr. EVAIITS. The same, I suppose.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Now I will read
the report in the Leader, as it is a short one.
Mr. HOWARD. I understand that the hon-
orable Managers are about, to read these
speeches from the reports.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Unless the read-
ing may be dispensed with and they be put in
print.
Mr. JOHNSON. Let them be considered
as read.
Mr. STANBERY. We do not want them
read.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Very well, then,
I do not want the reading. They will bo taken
as read, and printed. [''Agreed."]
The reports thus put in evidence are as fol-
lows :
[Prom the Cleveland Leader.]
President Johnson's Hpccch.
Fellow Citizens:—It is not for the purpose of
making a speech that 1 now appear before you. 1
am a-ware of the fcreat curiosity which prevails to see
strangers who have notoriety and distinction in the
country. I know a laitce number of you desiro to see
General (Irani, and to hear what ho has to say. [A
voiee: " Three eheeis for G rant.-"J But you cannot
see him to-night. He is extremely ill. J repeat 1
am not betorc you now to make a speech, but simply
to moke your acquaintance— to hay how are you and
to bid you irood-byc. Wo are on our way to Chicago,
to participate in or witness the laying of the corner-
stone of a monunj en t to thememoiy of adUtiii^uibbed
fellow-eiti'/en who is now no raoro. It is not neces-
sary for me to mention the name of Stephen A.
Douglas to the people ot Ohio. (Applause.; lam frco
to say I am tlattcicd by the demonstrations 1 have
witnessed, and being flattered, 1 don't mean to think
it personal, but as an evidence of what is pervading
the public mind, and Ibis demonstration is nothing
more nor less than an indication of the latent senti-
ment or feeling of the gi eat masses of the people with
regard to this great question. _
1 conic betbie you as an American citizen tnmply,
and not as the Chief Magistrate clothed in the insig-
nia and parapiici naha of state; being an inhabitant
of a State ot this Union. I know it has been said
that I was an alien; (Laughter,) and that I did not
reside in one ot the States of the Union and there-
ioie 1 could not be the Chief Magistrate, though the
Constitution delaresthat 1 must be a citizen to occupy
that othce. Therefore all that was neccssary to depose
its occupant,was to declare theollicevacant,orunder
a pretext to prefer articles of impeachment. And
thus the individual who occupies the Chief Magis-
tracy was to bo disposed of and driven from power.
There was, two yeais ago, a ticket betore you for
the Presidency. I was placed upon that ticket with
a, dis ting di~hed citizen, now no more. fVoices—"It's
a pity;" "Too bad;''" Unfortunate."] \cs. Iknow
there arc some who bay, "Unfortunate.'' Yes, un-
fortunate for some that God rules on high and deals
injustice. (Cheers.) Yes, unfortunate I The ways
of Providence arc mysterious and incomprehensible,
controlling all tho„-o who exclaim, "Unfortunate."
["Buliy for von."] I was proms to -ay, my country-
men, a short time since I was elected and placod
upon the tickct. There v, a.-> a pla tform proclaimed and
adopted by thoso who placed mo upon it. Notwith-
standing a mendacious press; notwithandine a sub-
sidized gang of hirelings who have not ceasea to tra-
duce ine, I have discharged all my official duties, and
fulfilled my pledges. And I say hero to-night that
if my predecessor had lived, the vials of wrath would
have poured out upon him. (Cries, "Never!"
"Never!" and three cheers for the Congress of the
United States.) I oame here as I was passing along,
and having been called upon ior the purpose of ex-
changing: views, and ascertaining, if we could, who
was wrong. [Cries, "You are!"] That was my
object in appearing before yovt to-night. I want to
say that I have lived among- the American people,
and have represented them m some public capacity
for the last twonty-five years. Where is the man or
the woman who can place his finger upon one single
act of mine, deviating from any pledges of mine or
in violation of the constitution of the country.
[Cheers and cries of "New Orleans!"]
Who is he—what language does he speak ?—what
religiondoeshe profess—lhatcan come and place his
finger upon one pledge I ever violated, or one prin-
ciple I ever proved false to? [Voice "New Orleans!"
Another, "Why don't you hang Jeff. Davis?"] Ilung
Jeff. Davis? [Shouts and cries of " Down withlnm!"]
Hang Jeff. Davis? [Voice "Hang Wendell Phil-
lips*!"] Why don't you hang him? [Cries of "Give
us an opportunity!"] Haven't you got the court?
Have n't you got the Attorney General? Who is
your Chief Justice, who has refused to sit on his
trial? [Groans and cheers.] I am not the Chief
Justice 1 I am not the Attorney General 1 I am no
jury! But I'll tell you what I did do. I called upon
your Congress, that is trying to break up the Gov-
ernment. [Hisses and cries of " A lie!" Great con-
fusion. Voice "Don't got mad!"] I am not mad.
[Hisses.] I will tell you who is mad. "Whom the
gods want to destroy they first make mad." Did your
Congress oidcr any of them to be tried? [Three
cheers for Congress] Then, iellow-citizens, we might
as well allay our passion and permit reason to re-
sume her empire and prevail. In presenting the few
remarks that I designed to mako, my intention was
to address myself to your common sense, your judg-
ment, your better feelings, not to the passion ana ma-
lignancy ofyour hearts. [Voice.1'lIowaboutMof.cn? "J
This was my object in presenting myself on this oc-
casion, and to say " how dye" and "good-bye." In
the assembly hereto-night the remark has been made
"traitor!" Traitor, my countrymen! Will you hear
mo? (Cries, " Yes!") And will you hear me lor my
cause and for the constitution of my country?
["Yes! Yes! Go on !"j
I want to know when or where or under what cir-
cumstances Andrew Johnson, not as Executive, but
in any capacity, ever deserted any principle, or vio-
lated the constitution of this country. _ [Never!
never!] Let mo ask this large and intelligent au-
dience if your Secretary of State, who served four
years under Mr. Lincoln, and who was placed upon
the butcher's block as it were and hacked and gashed
all to pieces, scarred by the assassin's knife—when
he turned traitor? [Cries of ""never !"J If I were
disposed to play the orator and deal in declamation,
even to-night I would imitate one of the ancient
tragedies, and would take Mr. Seward, bring him
before you, and point you to the hacks and scars upon
his person. ["Voice, God bless hun!"l would
exhibit the bloody garments saturated with gore from
[Cheers.] i have been fighting traitors in the {South.
They have been whipped anderushed. They knowl-
edge their defeat and accept the terms of the con-
stitution. And now, as I go round the circle, haying
fought traitors at the {South, I am prepared to light
them at the North [Cheers,] God being willing with
your help. [Cries, " we won't give it.''] They will be
crushed North and this glorious ,"Union of ours will
be preserved, ]Cheeis.j 1 do not come here as the
Chief Magistrate of twenty-five States out oi thirty-
six. [Cheers.]
I come here to-night with the flag of my country
and the eouhtellatiouof thirty-six staisuntarnished.
Arc you ior dividing this country? [Cries "No."]
Then J am President, and President of the whole
United states. [Cheers.] 1 will tell you another
thing, i understand the discordant notes in this
crowd to-night, lie who is opposed to the restora-
tion of the Government and the Union of the
States is a gtoater Uaitoi than Jeff. Davis ur
Wendell Phillip*. [Loud eheersj I am against
both of them. [Cries, " Give it to them."] Some of
I you talk about traitors in the South, who have not
| courage to go away from your homes to light Iheiu.
i [Laughter and cheers) The courageous men. Grant,
! Sherman, i-'arragut, and the long list of % the dis-
1 tmgiuthed sons of the Union, weie in the field, and
j led on their gallant hosts to conquest and to vietoiy,
j while you remained cowardly at home. [Applause,
, Bally.J Now when these brave men have returned
homo many of whom have leit an arm or a leg or
their blood upon many a battle-field, they found you
at home speculating and committing frauds upon
the Government. [Laughter and cheers.] 1 ou pre-
tend now to have great respect and sympathy lor the
poor, brave fellow who has left an arm on the battle-
field. (Ciies, " Is this dignified ?"J 1 understand
you. You may talk about the dignity >.<£ the Presi-
dent. [Cries, "How was it about his making a
speech on the 22dof February?''] I have been with
you on the battle-fields of this country, and I can
tell you furthermore to-night, who ha\e to pay
these brave men who shed their blood. You specu-
lated and now the great mass of the people have got
to work it out. [Cheers.]
It is time that the great mass of the American peo-
ple should undeistand what your designs are. [A
voice, "What did General Butler say?"J What did
General Butlercay? (Hi^se?.) What did Grantaay?
