108
SUPPLEMENT TO
(cheers) and what docs General (J nmtsayabout Gen-
eral Butler? (.Laughter and cheers ) What does
General bucrman bay ? [A voice, " What docs Sheri-
dan bay V New Orleans] New Orleans!**j General
Sheridan says that he is lor the lestorution ot the
government that General Sheridan fought for.
(Jiully.) But follow citizens, let this all pavs. 1 enre
li'Ji lor my dignity, There i« accrtain portion oi uar
codatrymeii will respect a citizen wherever he is
entitled to respect. LA voice: "That's s-.o."j There
id another class that have 110 respect ior themselves,
and ^ouocqucntly they cannot re-speet any one eUe.
[Laughter and cheers.J X know a man and a gentle-
man whenever 1 meet him. 1 have only to look in
his face, and if 1 was to ^ec yours by the light oi day
i do not doubt but that I should nee cowardice and
treachery wnttea upon it. [Laughter and checrs.J
Come out here where I can bee you. [Cheers. J If you
evor shoot a man you will do it in the dark, and pal!
the tncrger when 110 one is by to see. LCheeis.J 1
undeibtand tiaitors. i have been lighting them at
the southern end ot the line, andwe arc now lighting
them 1 l! 1 he other direction, [Laughter and choots]
I came licre neither to criminate oi recriminate, but
when attacked, my plan is to defend myself. [Cheois.J
When encroached upon,1 care not from what q Hur-
ler it come.-1, it will meet with icsisiancc. AsOhiet
Magistrate licit, after taking theoath to support the
Constitution, and when I saw encroachments upou
your constitutional rights, 1 dared to sound the toc-
sin ot alaun, (Three cheers ior Andrew Johnson.)
Then it this bo right, tho head and front of my
offending is in telling when the Constitution of our
countiy was trampled upon. Let mo say to those who
tlnr^t lor more blood, who are .still willing to sacri-
fice human life, if you want a victim, and the coun-
try requires it, creetyour altar and lay mo upon it to
pour the last libation to human freedom. (Loud ap-
plause.) I love my country. Every public act of
iiay lite testifies thatit is so. Where is tho man that
can put his linger upon anyone act ot mine that goes
topi ove to the contrary. And what is my oiicndi ng ?
(Voice, "Bccauso you are not a radical," and eries
of " veto.' ) Somebody says ' veto.' Veto of what ?
 is called tho Freedmon's Bureau bill? I can tell
you wnat.it is. Before Uioiebeilion commenced there
%vere lour millions of slaves and about 310,UUO white
people living 111 the South. Tiieso latter paid ex-
penses. bought the lands and cultivated them, and
after the crops were gathered, pocketed tho profits.
That's the way tho thins stood up to tho rebellion.
The rebellion commenced, the slaves wore liberated,
and then came up tho Froeduicn'sBureau bill. This
provides lor tho appointment of agenta and sub-
ageuts in all States, counties, and school districts,
wuo havo power to make contracts for tho troedmen
and to hire them out, and to uso tho military powor
to carry them into execution. The cost of this to tho
people was tvvolvo million dollars at tho beginning.
Tho lurcher expense would bo greater, and you are
to bo taxed for it. That is why 1 vetoed it. 1 might
refer to thoCivilRights bill, whicliisevou moreatro-
cious, 1 toll you, my countrymen, that though tho
powers ot hell and Thad. Stevens and his gang wore
by, they could not turn me from my purpose. There
is no power tnat could turn me, except you and tho
God who .spoke mo into cxisUnioo.
In conclusion, ho said that Congress had taken
much pafns to poison their constituents against lum.
But what had Congress done'/ Have thoy done any-
thing to lestoro tho Union of these Srates? No, on
tho contrary, they had done everything to prevent
it; and, because ho stood now whore ho did when
the lebcltiou commenced, ho had been donouneed as
a traitor. Who had run greater risks or mado greater
sacrifices than himself? But Congress, factious and
domineering, had taken to poisoning the minds of
the American people. It was with (hem a question
of powor. Every friondof theirs who holds an othce
as assessor, collector, or postmaster, [A voice—
"Turn Bouediot out!"j wanted to retain his place.
Hotatiou in ottino used to ho thought a good doetrino
by Washington. Jofiorson, and Adams; and Andrew
Jackson, God bless him, thought so. (Applause?
This gang of ollicc-holdors—these blood-sucicois autl
cormorants—had got fat on tho country. You havo
got them oyer your dislrict. Hence you see a system
of legislation pioposod that these men shall not be
turned out; and the President, the only channel
through which they can be reached, is called a
tyrant, lie thought tho time had come when those
who had enjoyed fat otliues forfouryears should give
"way for those who hadlbughtfor thecountry. Hence
it was seen why ho was assailed and traduced, lie
had stood by them in the field and God willing he
would continue to stand by them, lie had turned
aside from the thread of his remarks to notice the
insult sought to bo given, him. W hen an insult ottered
lio would resent it in a proper manner. Jjut ho was
free to say he had no revengeful or resentful feel-
ings. All he wanted when the war was over and
peace had come was for patriotic and Christian men
to rally round tho flag of the country in a fraternal
hug, and resolved that all shall perish rather than
that the Union shall not be restored. While refer-
ring to the question of suffrage, souio oue in tho
crowd asked him, "How about Louisiana?" To
whichhe responded, "Let the negroes vote in Ohio
befoie you talk about their voting in Louisiana."
[.Laughter and cries of "Good!"j Take the beam
put of your own eye before you see tho mote in your
brother's." [Renewed laughtor.J In conclusion,
after some further remarks, ho invoked Cod's best
blessings on his hearers. [Applause.]
[D. C. MdEwen's report of the Cleveland Speech.]
Fellow Citizens oj? tiik City of Cleveland : In
being presented here to-night, not for the purposo
01 making a speech, I am well aware of the great
curiosity that oxistb on the part of strangers in refer-
ence toseeingindividualswiioiirehore amongstthem i
who have notoriety and distinction in tho coun-
tiy. Most of the D'-i -ons here to-night--',. A voice
"Louder!"] Weil, you must remember there are a
good many people U';ie to-nrdn, und it ie<iunes a
pretty strong voice to le.x-h the utmoct verge oi tills
uudieme to-night, and c\ pcciaiiy one who, from
speaking lor the l<t>r two or tuieo dajs, bus to some
extent mutied ordostjojed what lit: U- \ otee he had.
J)ut lor tho time I consume, 1) you will hour with me,
1 will try and make myself hoard, notwithstanding
tiie hoaiftCiiOSs undci winch 1 labor. What I was go-
in;; to b:iy, though, i<, I know that a large number are
hero who would desire to see Gen. Giant and to hear
what he might say. [A voice—" That's so"j 15 ut ihc
f.iot r-5 that Gen. Grant is extremely ill ili^hoallh
v,Ml not permit of iu> appearing beioie this audience
hero to-night, it wouid be much more plca-uieto me
to iieai lain hcio bel'01 e you, and to hear what heimght
ha\ e to say, than to 'rive a Speech of_ my own, ui to
give the reasons of hi<- absence on rhi* occasion. So
then it will not be expected he will behoie. lie w ill
not addiesvyou to-night. You cannot see him to-
night, fo far as that goes, 011 account of his extreme
indisposition.—
Fellow citizens, in being befoie you to-ni^ht, it
is not for the purposo of making a speech, but simply
to make jour acquaintance, and whilulam telling
you " ilow do j oudo,''—.it the very samo tune to tell
you " Good bye." We are here to- day on our tour to
a visit loi the purpo.-e of participating 111 or witness-
ing the laying ot the chief corner .-tone to a monu-
ment to be erected to one ot oui dirtmguished fol-
low citizens w ho is no more. It is not necessary for
me to mention tin; name of Stephen A. Douglas to
the people oi Ohio. [Cheers.! it is a name familiar
to all; and, being ou a tour to participate in the
eo? omonies, passing thiough this city, and section of
country, and witnessing the demonstration or mani-
festations ot regurd and icspect which have been
made, 1 am free to say to you I hut so l.ir as 1 am con-
cerned,—and I think 1' may .-poak lor all those who
accompany me,—that we leel extremely flatteicd and
giatiJied at thcdemon-drKtion-i that havo been made
by the poopleol thecountry through which we have
passed. And in being Mattered 1 want at the same
lime to state that 1 don't coir-idei that entirely pt r-
sonal, but as an evidence of what w pervading the
public mind, that there is a great issue before the
country tha t u not yet settled, and these demonstra-
tions aio nothing more nor less than an indication
of a latent sentiment of the feeling of tho great mass
of tho people which is being developed in refercnco
to tho proper settlement of those great questions,
[Cheers.J
Aud 111 coming before you to-night, I come before
you an American citizen. iS7ot simply as the Chief
Magi,-diate icceiving, and going along as an officer
with tho insignia and paraphernalia ol State, but
appear before you as a fellow citizen, being ari indi-
vidual of ouo of the Stales of this Union. 1 know
that it has been said and c intended for on the part
of some that 1 was an alien;—[laughter and cries of
" shamoj'j—that I did not reside mono of tho States
of the Union, and therefore I could not bo Chief
Magistrate, though the Constitution declared that 1
was. And all that was necessary was simply to intro-
duce a lesolution dcclaiing the oflicc vacant or de-
posing the occupant or under pretext to prefer arti-
cles of nnpcachment, and that the individual who
occupied tho Chief Magistracy was to bo disposed of
ami driven fiom power [Cries of "Never.J'j JJut,
fellow citizens, but a short timo since you had a
ticket before you for the Presidency and Vice Presi-
dency. 1 was placed upon that ticket with a distin-
guished fellow citizen who is now 110 more. Yes, I
know there arc some that will complain. Unfortu-
nate! \es unfortunate forsomo that God rules on
high and deals in right. Yes, unfortunato that the
ways of Providence aro mystorious aud incompre-
hensible, controlling all those who exclaim "unfor-
tunato." [Voices " Bully ior you."J 1 was going to
say, my countrymen, but a short timo sinco 1 was
selected and placed upon the ticket; and there was
a platform proclaimed and adopted by thoso who
placed 1110 upon it.
And now, notwithstanding [?] a subsidized gang of
hirelings (Cheers) [and traducersj I [havedischarged
all my official duties]. And 1 say hero, if my prede-
cessor had lived, tho vial-? of wrath would havo been
pouicd out upon him. (Cheers. Cries of " Never;'1
three cheers for the Congress of the United States.)
I came here to-night in passing along and being
called upon for the purpose of exchanging, to the
extent that the time would permit, of opinions and
views, and to ascertain, il we could, who was in the
wiong. (Laugliteranderiesof "Oh, oh.") Thatwas
object in appearing before you to-night, and X want
to say this, that I havo lived with and been among
tho American people and have represented them in
some capacity for the last 25 years; and where is the
man living, or the woman, in the community where
1 have lived and had the confidence of tho people,
that can place his linger upon 0110 single [(?)] devi-
ating from any pledge lever made,—in violation of
the laws of my country? (Cheers. A voice " llow
about New Orleans?'') "Wliero is he? What lan-
guage does ho speak, what religion does ho profess
that can come forward and place his finger upon one
pledge 1 have violated or one principle I (over) [?]
[A voice "New Orleans."] New Orleans. (Hang
JcfL Davis.) Just n_pon that subject—Ilang Jeff.
Davis? [Voices "No'' and "Down with him.'']
[Hang Wendell Phillips."] Han* Jeff. Davis? [" No"j
["Yes"] Why don't you? Why don't you? [A
voice, "Give us the opportunity." J Haven't yougot
the court ? Haven't you got the Attorney General ?
[A voice " No, he is removed."] Who is your Chief
Justice and has refused to sit upon the trial ? [Cheers.]
I am not the Chief Justice; I am not the prose-
cuting Attorney. ["Good" and checrs.] I am not
the jury.
But I will tell you what I did do. I called up our
i Congress that is trying to break up the Government
, | A voice, " l"ou lie," and checis. "Not so," lilies.
" " Don't get mad, Andy, "j Wolhlwnl toll you who
i is mad, " Whom the Gods intend to de.-troy, thej first
make mad." Yos, Did your Coi.gres-* order any of
i thun to be tried? [Thice cheers for Gen. Grant und
', Congress..) Then fellow citizen.-, we .might as well
.I allay our feelmgi and let pa.siou Miiuide and reason
- resume her empiic and prevail [CheeisJ In jue-
; renting myseli in the few remarks that I in tended to
j make, my intention was to address myself to your
common sense, to your judgment, to the better ieei-
11 ing, not the pu3mou and tho malignancy of your
't heart?. (Cheers) This was my object in presenting
' i myself on this occasion, and to merely tell you "llow
;) do you do," and at the same timo to bid you "Good
,j bye." in th.i- eiowu here to-nurhr, the reinaik has
j! been made " Traitor," " lVaitor''? My countrymen
|j will you hear me? [Voices " Yos"J And will you
;j hear me for my cause and for the Constitution of my
;; countiy? [Cries of "Ycs"j I want to know when
or where or under what ckcumstaiu-es Andrew John-
j! son—not as Chief Executive but acting iu any other
capacity— over deserted any principle or violated tho
Con.-tilution of his country [Cties of "Never " and
"You abandoned your party.' j
Let me ask this lai go and intelligent audiencc hero
1 to-night if jour Seeretaiy of State, who served four
years under Mr. Lincoln, and who was pi iced upon
the butcher's block, as it were, and chopped in pieces,
' hacked, and scarred all over by the assassin's knife,
j when ho turned traitor? ("Oicsof "Never.") Butifl
I were disposed to play the orator and deal iu decla-
j malum hcic to-night, I would imitate one of tho
j ancient tragedies that we have such a graphic ac-
j count of,—yes, 1 would tnke William H. Seward, and
j 1 would bring him before you, and would point you
j to the hacks and sours upon hid person (A voice,
1 "God bless him") Yes, I would exhibit his bloody
; garments, caused by blood from wounds inflicted by
! (he assas.-in's knif«\ v'fhieo Cheers for Seward.)
Y"c«, f would unfold hi^ bloody gaimcnts before >ou
to-night, and ask who had < ommitted treason. (A
voice Thud. Stevens.) Yes, 1 would ask yoa whj Jeff.
l>a\ is was not hanged ? [And I wouldgiv e the leason
and hang Thad. Stevens and Wendell Phillips.]
1 tell jou, my countrymen, ~L have been fighting
the Soulh. They have been whipped, they havo
been crushed ; and they are veiy willingto acknowl-
edge then error and accept the terms of the Consti-
tution; and now, as 1 go around tho circle, having
fought traitors at the South, 1 am prepared to fight
traitois at tho North. (Cheers.) God being willing
with your help (Cries "We will do it," and "We
won't do it,") they w ill be ciushcd North and South,
and this glorious Union of ours will he preserved,
and in coming hero to-night [it] was not coming as
the Chief Magistrate ot twenty-five States. No. I
camo here to-night as tho Executive of 35 States.
[Cheers.] 1 como hcie to-night with the flag of my
country in my hand, a constellation of 36, not twenty-
live stars. [Cheers]. I come here to night with the
constellation of my country intact—[noise and con-
fusion J—dctcrmiucd to defend the Constitution of my
country let the conscquenccs be what they may. I
come here to-night with tho Union, the entire eirele
of the States [not a segment of a circle.] (A voice
"llow many States make you President?") How
many States made me President? Wa'n't you
against scces-ion ? [" Yes."] Were you for dissolving
tho Union? ["No"] Weie you for dividing this
Government? ["No."J Then I am President, and
1 am Picsidcnt of the whole United States. [Cheers,]
And 1 will tell you another thing, I will tell jou
another thing, lunderstand the discordant notes in
thisciowd hcrc^to-night. And I will tellyoufuithcr-
moro; he that i* opposed to the restoration of tho
I fought the traitors of the South, and I will now
fight them in the North. And I will tell you another
thing, I have boen with them down there, and when [?]
men wero sleeping 011 their arms ; [I kuew who was
with them and about them.] When some of you talk
about traitor in the South you hadn't courago to get
out of your [closets] hut persuaded [somebody else] to
go. [Laughter and applause.] Thecourageous men-
while Grant, Sherman, Farragut.—the long list of
the distinguished sons of tho United States—were in
tho field of battle, loading on their gallant hosts to
conquest and%vietory, you were cowardly at home.
[Cbeeis.j [Cries of " Bully."] And now when these
brave men have returned home, many of them leav-
ing an arm or a leg or his blood in or upon some
battle-field,you were at homo speculating nnd com-
mitting frauds upon your government. [Laughter
and cheers.! You protend now as great respect and
sympathy for the poor brave fellow that left his arm
011 the battlo-lield [voices and confusion] I under-
stand you. And you may talk about the dignity of
the President [if he does not make a speech on the
22d of July or the 22d of February.]
1 have been with you (A voice " That was whisky")
I havo been with you in the battle of th's country.
And I can toll you furthermore I know who has to
pay for it. These brave men shed their blood; you
speculated and got the money, and now the great
mass of people must work it out (cheers) [and all
this hanging.] I care not for your prejudice; it i3
time forth© great mass of the American people to
understand what your designs arc. [A voice, " That's
so,"] and in addition to this, the South, in proposing
to come to terms, even proposed to come forward and
pay their part (A voice—"Xjot them come.") I say then
let them come. (A voice—"That's right") and these
brave men that conquered them, and after having
prostrated them, [?] (while) these gentlemen with tho
heel of power upon their necks, what do they say?
