2166
THE COJN GKESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
March 27,
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Well, sir, that is
all the time I have. My purpose is to move
the previous question at furthest at the expira-
tion of the hour.
^ Mr. ELDRIDGE. What does the gentle-
nan' mean by saying he has but one hour? I
understand this bill to be in his control. It
is not imperative that he should call the pre-
vious .question at the end of the hour.
. Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I mean simply
this: th.at I am now in possession of the floor,
and under the rule of the House I am enti-
tled to hold it for the period Of one hour.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. But it is not necessary
that the gentleman should then call the pre-
vious question.
. Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It is my purpose
to demand it at the expiration of the hour.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It seems to me, as the
bill was gotten through the House in a manner
which was confessedly a surprise upon the
minority of the House, the veto message ought
not now to be considered in one hour. More
time than that ought to be given. The gentle-
man said we might have had an opportunity
to debate this question when it was before the
House if we had sought that opportunity, and
he lectured us for not having availed ourselves
of the rights which sometimes we have 
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. A good-natured
lecture.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Yes, sir; ho gave us a
very good-natured lecture; one, perhaps, which
was just and which we deserved. But I must
say that I shall have to change my views of his
good nature if he shall insist that this matter
is to be considered now in one hour.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Oh, the gentleman
does not appear to be in a bad humor.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I shall believe that he
was not sincere when he said that he thought
we might have had an opportunity to debate
this bill if we had sought it.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Why is not the
gentleman now addressing himself to the sub-
stance of the veto instead of lecturing me?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I did not expect that the
gentleman from Iowa would allow me to do
that. Much as I appreciate his liberality, I
supposed that if I undertook to talk on that
he would at once call me to order.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman
from Wisconsin will remember that for two
Saturdays this matter has been discussed, and
I propose to let the debate run through the
hour to-day. At the end of that time I will
submit to the House a demand for the previous
question. If the House sustains me, well; if
not, well. I desire to have the bill passed.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest to the chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary that
he let the debate run on till four o'clock, and
then call the previous question. I have some
curiosity to hear what gentleman can say
  against this bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentlemen appealed
to me, and said that I knew that on two Sat-
urdays this matter had been discussed. I must
say to the gentleman that I do not know that
fact. I only know the fact that the manner in
which the bill passed was discussed and not its
character, its merits. I do not understand that
its merits have ever been discussed before this
House. The gentleman from Iowa, therefore,
cannot call me to the stand as a witness to that
fact.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Oh, 110; I am not
calling the gentleman to the stand as a witness
on that or any other point. I merely staled
the fact that this bill had been discussed 011
two Saturdays. I will now yield fifteen min-
utes to the gentleman fromPennsylvania, [Mr.
woodwabd.]
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, I can-
not do justice to this subject, nor to myself,
nor to the gentleman from Iowa in fifteen min-
utes. If he will give me half an hour I will go
on. [Cries of " No!" "No!" and " Give him
that time.'']
Mr. WILSON", of Iowa. Other gentlemen
may desire a part of my time ; bat it it is sat-
isfactory to the other side of the House, I will
yield the gentleman that time—thirty minutes.
Mr. BROOKS. I hope my friend from
Pennsylvania will not take fifteen minutes.
Mr. WOODWARD. I cannot take fifteen
minutes.
Mr. BROOKS. Let them gag the bill
through.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Well, if the gentle-
man from New York meets my proposition in
that way, when I am proposing to yield the
gentleman from Pennsylvania the amount of
time asked by him, I will withdraw it and re-
new my offer of fifteen minutes.
Mr. BROOKS. What I said was that I
would not advise my friend to take fifteen min-
utes for the discussion of a constitutional ques-
tion, of which there has not been fifteen min-
utes' discussion here in this House.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Yes, and the gen-
tleman from New York made that suggestion
after I had proposed to give the gentleman
from Pennsylvania half an hour.
Mr. BROOKS. I had not heard the offer
of half an hour when I made the suggestion.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I liavestated that
if *it is satisfactory to the minority of the
House that the gentleman from Pennsylvania
shall consume thirty minutes of my time, that
is satisfactory to me, and he can have that
time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not wish it to be
understood that that time is satisfactory to the
minority of the House. We do not consider
that it is a proper and reasonable time for the
discussion of such a measure, and as one of
the minority I protest against this bill being
rushed through now, after one hour's discus-
sion.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Well, I will de-
mand the previous question at the expiration
of an hour, and the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Woodward] may proceed for thirty
minutes, if he pleases.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, Ihave no
expectation of being able to submit anything to
this Honse which will induce the majority to
pause for a single hour in passing this bill. I
do not rise to speak with any such vain expect-
ation. But I consider it my right and my duty,
both to the House and to the country, to call
attention to the position in which the House is
placing itself in passing the bill.
If that be a position which gentlemen shall
be proud to occupy they are entitled to the
benefit of it. before the country. If it be a
position which will involve disagreeable con-
sequences it is but kindness to gentlemen to
point them out now. And, therefore, while I
do not expect to convince the most fair-minded
man in the House who is inclined to favor
the passage of this bill that it is not worthy to
be passed, I trust I shall not be considered as
trespassing upon the House in submitting, in
the short time allotted to me, the views which
it seems to me are appropriate to the occasion.
Mr. Speaker, the bill consists of two sec-
tions, the first of which extends the appellate
jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the United
States to cases arising under the revenue laws
of the United Slates, mere money cases. The
second section takes away the appellate juris-
diction of the Supreme Court in cases affecting
personal liberty.
Now, the first feature of the position in which
the House is placing itself to which I wish to
call the attention of gentlemen is this: that
while they are conferring upon the Supreme
Court jurisdiction in cases of revenue they are
taking away jurisdiction in cases of human
liberty. The cases that arise under our revenue
laws are very numerous ; but they are compar-
atively unimportant; tlicy affect only such
questions of taxation and collection of revenue
as, under our very complex revenue laws, arise
from time to time, and which we are unwilling
to leave to the final arbitrament of the inferior
courts. The first section of this bill secures to
the parties and to the Government the right to
take the judgment of the Supreme Court in
these eases. I have 110 complaint whatever to
make of that section, of its spirit or its object.
I think it is proper; I think it should be passed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE, It gives the largest lib-
erty.
Mr. WOODWARD. It allows the largest
liberty to tax-payers and to the Government to
have considered before the highest tribunal of
the country all such questions as may arise
under our revenue laws. And what is the con-
stitution of that human mind that can insist
upon and claim such a law for the tax-payer
and yet deny to the citizen of the United States
the right of habeas corpus, which has come
down to us from the remotest antiquity ot the
common law? What is to be thought of the
spirit of legislation which secures to the citizen
the right to have the opinion of the highest
judicial tribunals of the country upon a mere
Question of dollars and cents, and yet denies
to the citizen the right to have the opinion of
that tribunal upon a question of life or liberty ?
Is it possible that gentlemen mean that ques-
tions of taxation, which touch only the pocket,
are superior to the questions which touch the
lives and the liberties of the citizens? Are
gentlemen, descended from that Saxon ances-
try who toiled and suffered for centuries to
obtain and maintain the great principles of
civil liberty, now ready quietly to surrender
them, while they will hedge around and guard
by all the legislation in their power the interest
which a man may have in a question of public
taxes ?
I cannot enlarge on this point. I do not in-
tend to enlarge upon any of the points which I
may make. I wish merely to call the atten-
tion of the House to the fact that they are
placing themselves before the country as will-
ing to extend to revenue cases the highest pro-
tection which, under the Constitution and law3
of the country, can be given to them, while they
are not willing to extend to the imperiled life
and liberty of the citizen the ordinary privi-
lege of the habeas corpus. That is one thing.
Now, here is another point. When this Gov-
ernment entered upon the perilous enterprise
which is known as reconstruction, and that
even more questionable scheme which is known
by the name of the Freedmen's Bureau, both
which measures, taken separately or together,
were nothing more or less than invasion of sov-
ereign States with the military power of the
Government, and to force upon the people of
those States a government not of their choice,
but such a government as we chose to dictate
from these Halls—when we entered upon that,
it was apparent to every man that conflicts were
liable to arise in those localities; that your
agents of theFreedmen'sBureau,yourteachers
of negro children, the negroes themselves 
Mr. KERR. And organizers of loyal leagues.
Mr. WOODWARD. Yes; those organized
in loyal leagues and other treasonable combi-
nations were extremely liable to fall under the
operation of some local law and to be im-
prisoned for misdemeanors.
As a part, therefore, of this system of sub-
jugation upon which we had entered, tlie act of
1867 was passed. It had always, since the or-
ganization of theFederal judiciary, been within
the competency of any Federal judge to issue
writs of habeas corpus; but as this power was
limited to the local district and circuit courts,
and as it was possible that those judges might
sympathize in the local feeling, thereby caus-
ing the oppression of some negro or some
Freedmen's Bureau agent, an appeal from the
decision of the local judge to the Supreme
Court of the 17nited States would be necessary
to secure to that negro or to that agent of
the Freedmen's Bureau his personal liberty,
and hence this act of 1867 came into existence.
I cannot mistake its character, its history, or
its objects, because I take my information from
the recent argument of Mr". Trumbull before
the Supreme Court of the United States and
in the Senate. And I say that, looking at the
general interests to which I alluded just now,
I regard that law as a law in fayor of human
liberty. It was very possible, in the conflict
which the bad legislation that. Congress has
