1868.
THE (JON(tRKSS.IONAL GLOBE.
3191
Mr. CAMERON. Does tlie Senator desire
that I t-lia.ll repeat what I said?
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, as Senators gen-
erally seem to be very much-amused.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator said that he
had not made a long speech and did not desire
to occupy the time ot' the Senate, but it might
take him until five o'clock to get through with
his remarks. I said in reply that I hoped to
God he would not occupy much more time than
he had already done upon this subject?
Mr. HENDERSON. At this session ?
Mr. CAMERON. To-day.
Mr. HENDERSON. Oh! Well, Mr.Presi-
dent, I do not know that I have occupied a
great deal ot' the time of the Senate recently.
1 always listen with a great deal of pleasure to
the Senator from Pennsylvania, and i think he
has occupied much more of the time of this
body than 1 have. I think generally 1 hear him i
every day when 1 am here. JSurely I have not !
participated in any debates here for the last
two or three weeks. I have said nothing in
the body during that time. For two or three
weeks past i have certainly not attempted to
make a speech or a remark on any subject.
Mr. CAMERON. May I ask the Senator
from Missouri whether there is any special
reason why he has made no speech the last few
weeks ? '
Mr. HENDERSON. I am making a speech
now because of the fact that I have heard
views expressed here yesterday and to-day that
I could not, as a representative of any part
of the West, listen to without replying to them.
I see perfectly well what is to be the result; it
is to make the people of the West pay this
public debt; and everybody else can see it.
You are holding a depreciated debt now which
was contracted with a depreciated currency,
and the proposition is to resume specie pay-
ments instantly, and every Senator seems to
fall into it,; and almost every Senator 1 have
heard speak derives the idea of stopping the
contraction of the greenbacks, whose contrac-
tion we suspended a short time ago, during
this very session of Congress, by a large major-
ity. Senators seem to condemn the action of
the Senate and House of Representatives which
stopped contraction on the part of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury; and now almost all
demand that at least there shall be no further
expansion, and that in the course ot a. short
time these depreciated notes shall be funded
in a six per cent, gold-bearing debt. I am
opposed to it. I suppose I shall be left almost
alone here; but I can tell Senators they will
never carry a portion ot the people ot this
country upon any such proposition. A large
proportion of them will see to it that no such
proposition shall be carried, because I believe
the people entertain correct views in reference
to this matter.
But, Mr. President, as I said in the begin-
ning, I do not wish to enter into these ques-
tions, because they are questions that do not
legitimately belong to the discussion of the
bill under consideration. The measure before
us is a proposition to enable States to have a
circulating medium which now have none. It
does not propose to take from New England
anything according to the view of the Senator
from New Hampshire. I do not propose to
take a dollar from Massachusetts, and I do
not believe we have a right to do it. I do not
propose to take from Rhode Island and Con-
necticut, because it would injure the business
of those States. I do propose however to pass
this bill though it does not satisfy me. if 1
had my way 1 would take off the limitation
entirely and let us bank freely anywhere. Let
us do that, and then if you want to withdraw
the greenback circulation you can do it; and
do you not arrive at specie payments the mo-
ment you do it?
The Senator from Massachusetts says we
must, not take off the limitation, but must go
on funding the greenbacks until we get them
down to S^OO,000.000. Why, sir, the country
will be bankrupt before we reach it. W hy not
take off the limitation first, and then go on to
reduce the greenback circulation, if you want,
to arrive at specie payments? Do not produce
a pressure without providinga means of reliev- j
ing the community ; and then, if they .com- j
plain, all they have to do is to deposit bonds i
and take out circulating notes, and the very
moment the greenbacks are reduced to $250,-
000,000 my impression is that you have arrived
at specie payments. That is just what I would
do ; I would take the limitation off national
banking, I would have none upon it, and then
if you want specie payments proceed to with-
draw the greenback circulation, and by that
process of course you arrive at specie pay-
ments. Whether it is going to do us any good
to come to specie payments as suddenly as
some gentlemen suppose is necessary, is another
question that I do not propose to go into now ;
but at the proper time 1 think I can show some
reasons why it is not expedient with the pres-
ent condition of our industries in this country
to attempt anything of the sort. It will only
result in disaster and monetary ruin.
Mr. President, I shall not detain the Senate
much longer, as I promised my distinguished
friend from Pennsylvania and others that I
would not do so. I rose merely to protest
against the views expressed by several gentle-
men, because*they seemed to be almost unan-
imously concurred in by .Senators all over the
House, or at least I have heard no dissent,
although we adopted the contrary policy in the
beginning of the session. Everybody now
seems to be for specie payments. Some want
to cancel the greenbacks, some want to fund
them in bonds at six per cent.; but everybody
wants to get rid of them. Sir, I am opposed
to any such policy. The Senate may overrule
me, but they will not try it a great while. I
am willing to reduce gradually, bat lam never
willing to reduce until you take the limitation
entirely ofl' banking and make it free, so that
the people of the country may relieve them-
selves whenever you undertake this pressure
of the withdrawal of greenbacks.
Mr. MORTON. I wish to understand if the
Senator's proposition is to make banking free,
and then allow the banks to redeem their issues
in paper money instead of gold and silver?
Mr. IIEMDERSON. The Senator asks me
if that is my intention. I will read the pro-
viso to the bill which I had the pleasure of
reporting from the Finance Committee, and it
will show him what my proposition was. The
bill was to make banking free, to repeal the
twenty-second section of, the banking law
entirely, and then it was accompanied by this
proviso:
Provided, That whenever the amount of United
States notes and circulating notes of national banks
combined shall bo in excess ot $700,000,000 the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is authorized and required to
retire and cancel as rapidly as possibteUnited States
notes to the extent of such excess, until the whole
amount of United States notes outstanding shall be
reduced to $250,000,000.
I was authorized by the Finance Committee
to report that bill in the early part of the ses-
sion. It does not express my views, because
I would put on no limitation ; but the Com-
mittee on Finance supposed it would be proper
to put a limitation of 3700.000,000. That was
saying, "Open the door to banking ; let every-
body bank as he chooses; but as banks in-
crease, and the circulating medium of the
banks—national notes—go into circulation, the
Secretary of the Treasury shall retire the Uni-
ted States notes in that proportion, leaving at
all times ST00,000,000 out." That was the
proposition reported. It would at least make
banking free. That would be an infinitely
better proposition than this ; but I go for this
because it is just as far as it goes. It is just to
the States that have not now their proper pro-
portion of national circulation; and 1 do not
want to derange the monetary affairs and the
commercial business of the New England
States or of New York. New York has more
than her share of national bank notes.
Mr. CONKLING. No.
Mr. HENDERSON. I say that since her
banks have adopted the national system "New
York has more of the national circulation than
her population entitles her to; but suppose we
should undertake to withdraw seven or eight
or ten millions of the circulating medium from
New York under legislation such as my friend
from Kentucky proposes, what effect would it
have on business in New York? My friend
from New York [Mr. Ooxkling] is too good
a financ^r not to know that it would derange
business in that great city very much. My
friend from Massachusetts, who talks of giving
up $10^000.000 from the manufacturing indus-
try of New England, because the Massachusetts
banks have their circulation all over New
England, does not for a moment contemplate
what sort of effect it would have on the busi-
ness interests of that section of the country?
The proposition of my friend from Kentucky is
all wrong; the true remedy is to take down
the bars, take off the limit, and let banking be
free like all other business.
Mr. President^ suppose you reduce the green-
back circulation S100,000,000 more, leaving it
only §256,000,000, would not every Senator
feel that we should have approached within a
few cents on the dollar of a specie standard?
Why? Because with a free-banking system
almost every dollar of the greenbacks would
be required in the reserve banks, and whenever
the whole amount of United States notes is
required as a reserve in the national banks,
specie payments come as a matter of course,
because there are then no greenbacks in circu-
lation, and the greenbacks held by the banks
answer the purpose of gold. It is only, I repeat,
through the medium of the banks that you can
come to specie payments at all.
Mr. President, 1 hope this bill will be passed,
and I am astonished that any opposition should
be presented to it. It is but a measure of
justice to the States which have no bank cap-
ital, and can have none under the laws of
Congress. We find the people without any
bank facilities. We have killed the State banks
by act of Congress, put them out of existence,
forced them to that Procrustean bed of which
my friend from New York spoke yesterday.
It is impossible for them to bank. Now you
insist upon preventing the State banks from
doing anything, and also insist upon putting a
limitation of $300,000,000 upon the national
banks. Is there any justice in it; any reason
in it? There is none except this idea ot forcing
specie payments. Go on with your hot-bed sys-
tem, and see what it will result in. You will
see what sort of specie payments you will have
without specie and $600,000,000 to pay. Make
any attempt to do it, and the business and
industry of the country will come to disaster
and ruin.
Mr. President, it does not expand the cur-
rency a dollar to pass this bill. You have to
redeem. It only requires that, a larger amount
of the United States notes shall enter into the
reserves of the banks ; a larger part of the
greenback circulation will be absorbed as a
reserve, and although you increase this circu-
lating medium it has the effect simply to give
facilities where facilities are needed; and it
the people of the South need these facilities at
home, it will only result in putting back into
the banks of New England, and of New York
and Pennsylvania, the same amount there.
Gentlemen seem to suppose that if the banks
have paper somebody will rush there and bor-
row it at eight or ten or twelve per cent, for the
mere purpose of having money in his pocket.
Senators should not imagine that people are
generally so short sighted as that. People do
not borrow money from banks unless they
want money. If my friend from New York
would only consider for a moment that a large
portion of the bank notes of New York are
now circulating in the southern States, anu
that the result of this establishment of facili-
ties in the South will only have the effect to
put the bants nearer to the people of the South
I where they can get accommodation, I think ne
! will be reconciled to it. How won d a man
from Richmond do in the city of New lork
borrowing money, where he has to give a couple
of indorsers ? I apprehend he would have
