THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
109
Theydonotsayanythingaboutit.—[Avoice—1" What i
did General Butler sav ?''J God. Butler? [Hisses] '
What does Genera! Grant say? [Cheers! Aud j
what does General Grant say about General Butler ? j
[Laughter and applau.*ej What does Gen. Sher-
man ^ay? (A voice—"What did General Sheridan
say?") General Sheridan says ho is for a restoration
of the Government. General Sheridan fought for
it. [Cries of "Bully."]
But follow citizens,let this all pass. I care not for
my dignity. There is a certain portion of our coun-
trymen that will respect their fellow citizen when-
ever he is entitled to respect, [A voice " that's so,"—
and cheers.] There is another portion of them that
have no respect for themselves, and consequently
they cannot respect anybody else [cries of Bully, and
cheers, and other exclamations 111 the audience.] I
kuow a gentleman and a man whenever lean see
hiin. And furthermore, I know [when I look a man
in the lace and can tee him]—[The President was
here understood to express a wish that he could see
some one in the crowd] I will bet now if there can
be a light that eowaidioo and treachtry can bo seen
it. [Laug.iter k cheers] Come out here where we
can see you. (Cheers) And if ever you shoot a man
you will shoot in the dark and pull your trigger when
no one is by. [Cheer J I understand traitors. I
have been fighting them for live years. We (fought)
it out on the Southern end of the line, and now
wo die going to go the other direction. And this
man,such a one as insulted me to-night, when vou [?]
you will see that he has ceased to be a man. But in
ceasing to be a man ho shrank into the dimensions
of a reptile [Cheers.] And having so shrank, as an
honest man I will tread upon him. I camc here to-
night neither to criminate nor to recriminate; but
when provoked, my nature is not to (advance), but
it is to defend [Cheer?.] And when encroached upon,
I care not Irorn what quarter it comes, it U entitled
to resistance—[as lesistance to oppression.!
As your Chief Magistiate [have I toll for taking
the oath to support the Constitution of my country,
alter I saw the encioachments of the enemy upon
your constitutional lights.] 1 saw the cu.idel of
libeily encroached upon, and ns an honest man, and
being placed there as your sentinel, I have dared to
sound the tocsin ol alarm, (A voice " God bless An-
drew Johnson.'0 Should I have ears and not hc r?
Should 1 have a tongue and not speak? (Voices
" No, no") Then if this be right, the head andlront
oi my offending is in [saying] when the Constitution
ot my country was tram pled upon. [A voice " Bully."
And let me say to-night, though my [head] has been
thieatened, though it has been said tuat my blood is
to be shed.—[A voice—" 1 can't see it."] Let mo say
to those that thirst for my blood—(A voice—" There
is better blood than yours shed.")—Let mo say_ to
thOft© who are still willing to saculiee human life,
let me say to those, if you want a victim, and my
country requires it, erect your altar (A voice "Bully
lor 3011.") [The coniusiou prevented the reporter
Lorn hearing the remainder of the sentence save
the words "and the individual who addresses you
to-mirhf.''] Erect your altar if you still thirst for
blood (Cries of "Never.") And if you want it, take
out the individual who addresses you, lay him upon
your altar, and the blood that now warms and ani-
mates his existence shall be poured out as the last
libation to human freedom. (Loud applause.) _ 1
love my country [over populaiity] and all my lile
testifies that it is so (A voice " Tuat is so.'\) Where
is the man that [used to be] toiling foi a home and
abiding place for his children that can look Andrew
Johnson in the face and say that ho was not his
friend? Where is the man that has participated m
any and all oui war?, ranee our war with Mcxieo
down to the present time, that can put his linger
upon any one act that goes to prove [but what ho
stood at all times for tiio country ?]_ (A voice "That
is so,"] Then what is my_ oftendinc?? (A voice—
"Bccause you are not a Hadical.") (Cries of " Veto.")
Somebody says "Veto." (A voice—"Bully lor the
veto,"—cheeis.) Veto of what? What is called the
Freedmen's Bureau Bill. And I can tell you what
it is. (A voice—"Tell us.") Before the Rebellion
commenccd there were lour million of persons, that
were called colored pt-rsone, that were held at slaves
l>y about 340,000 people living in the South. These
310.OU0 slaveholders paid the expenses [worked the
nem*oe?d as they are commonly called, and at the
expiration of the year, [whonj the rice, tobacco, and
cotton were sold, alter paying all the expenses, the
slaveholders put the money in their pockets. Your
attention, they put the profits, it there was any, in
their pockets. In many instances theie were no
piufits, [thus he that bought the land ami the slaves
came out(?)] Well that is the v. ay the thing t-tood
before the rebellion. The rebellion commenced, the
slaves were turned loose, and then we come up to
the Freedmen's Bureau Bill. Wliat didtheFreed-
meii's Buieau propot-e? It is to appoint agents and
sub-agents, in alt the States, counties, school dis-
tricts, and parisiies, with power to make contracts
for all the slaven, with power to control, power to
hire them out and to dispose ot them : :md in addition
to that the whole military power of the Government
to aid the execution ot the Freedmen's Bureau Bill
(A voiec—"Bully.") I never fear clamor (A voice—
"Good for you.") I nevir Shave] been afiaid of the
people, lor it is in them 1 relied, and upon them 1
always relied. Then when X got the truth, the argu-
ment and the fact and reason on my side, neither
clamor nor frowns nor monaeescandrivemefrommy
purpose. [Cries of "Bully," and cheers]. _
And now to the Freedmen's Bureau Bill. What
■was it? Four millions of slaves were emancipated,
given an equal chance, a fair start to make their own
support; to work, pioduce, and having worked and
produced, to appropriate the product of their own
labor to their own sustenance and support. But the
Freedmen's Bureau comes along nnd says that we
must take charge of four million of slaves. (Cries of
"No," nover.) The Freedmen's Bureau comes along
and proposes to appropriate a traction less than
$>12,000,000 to sustain thisFreedmen s Bureau. I want
to give some tacts; I want to put the nail in, and
having put it in, to clinch it on the other side.
[<Jheers| Then we come along and propose at tho
beginning, as an initiative, to appiopnatc $12,000,000
to detray tho expense of emancipating four million
of slaves. In the hrst instance it has cost you three
thousand million ot dollars. Three million of dol-
lars you havo expended; and after having given a
lull and fair opportunity to enjoy the products of
his own labor, then these gentlemen that are such
great philanthropists, that are such great friends to
humanity—tho great masses of the people who toil
and labor six days m the week, and some of them not
even resting on the 7 th, must be taxed to pay $12,000,-
000 to sustain that Freedmen's Bureau (.Tho system
so kept on the country would run up to htty millions
of dollars]. In tho days ot John Quiney Adams
&12,000,0u0 was looked upon as an enormous expense
[to the existence of the Government] but here are
$12,000,000 ior the Freedmen's Bureau. Your atten-
tion my countrymen, i have not got to tho point yet.
(Cheers)
Your attention, X would rather speak to five hun-
dred men who would give me attention than to ten
tnousand who aro not willing to hear me. How docs
the matter stand? Tho whole proposition stands to
tiansfer 4,000,000 of slaves from the original owners—
as! have just told you—m thcSouth tothoirnew task-
masters; [yes,] a worse system of slavery than ever
existed belore [was to transfer four million of slaves
to a new set of task-masters who were to work them,
to control them, to make their contracts; and in the
end if there wcro any prolits made, they would put
them into their own pockets instead of—[tho .re-
mainder of the sentence was broken by choers and
voices "True" " True"]. But on tho other hand, if
the system turned out to be unpiofit able and was
losing business, you the people had to toot up the
bill and tho Government pny the expense. That is
the Freedmen's Bureau Bill.
.Now when tiiey talk about power and usurpation,
1 stand to-night where I have always stood. [See
this measure before you.] Before this Congress came
up or this rebellion commenced; and because I op-
posed it, exercising one of the most conservative
powers in the Constitutions ot tho country. ^ What
eould 1 do by the veto power [A voice " Send it over
your head'M (Jan you {.present anything?] No. But
all that the Executive can do, who was the repre-
sentative of tho people, the people's tribuuo, is to say
whon a measure is unconstitutional, is to say when
it is extravagant and iinpiovidont and [?] let the
people consider of it (Cheers) Was there any tyranny
m stopping the measure until you can got tho people
to consider it? [A voice "No."j Then as your tri-
bune, as your representative, L said when this bill
was [passed]—and a bill, too, il I had been disposed
and with plenty of power, 1 could have taken it into
my hands, with thousands ot satraps and Irom 12 to
50 millions of expenditure, 1 could nave declared my
self dictator,—I said no, that the power is where ttic
Constitution placed it. in tho hands ot the people.
(Cheers.) So much lor the Freedmen's Bureau Bill.
And if I was disposed to [comej along, in connec-
tion with this [and] call your attention to the Civil
Rights Bill, it is only more enormous than tho other.
[Confused voices mingled with cheers.] And let me
say to you, all tho threats and menaces emanating
from what is called tho extreme men, vour Ste-
vknses, your Sumners, and your Philhpses, and
fiom all that class, 1 care not; as they havo once
talked about forming u league with hell and a cove-
nant with the devil. | Laughter and cries ot "bully."]
X tell you, my countrymen here to-night,that though
the poweis of hell and Tiiad. Stevens and his gang
[were by,] they could not turn me Irom my purpose.
There is no power to contiol mo save you and the
God who spoke me into existence. ["Three cheers"]
in bidding you farewell, [I would be willing] that
tins Congress which has been m session and which
has taken so much pains to poi«on the minds of their
constituents against me—what has this Congress
done? (A voice, "Not inng."j lias it done anything
to restore the Union of these States? [A voice—
"No/'] But on the contrary, they have done every-
thing m their power to prevent it. [A voice—"That
is so."] But because I stand now where X did when
this rebellion commenced, 1 have been denounced
as a traitoi and recreant to the cause of my country.
[Cries ot "Never."] AJy eountrymcn hero to-night,
who has sulfered more than i ? [Cries ot "No one."]
Who has run greater lisKs — who hasdonemore than
1 that address you hero to-nighi? [Cries of "No one,"
and "God bless you, old man."j But this iactiou-i,
domineering tyrannical parly m Congress has under-
taken to poison the liimd.- ot tho Ameiican people.
(Voices—"That's «-o and cheers.) it is justaques-
tion of power; and the attempt lias been [?] every
man that held a place in their districts. The Presi-
dent cannot control it—oh no; [my] Congressmen
control it. [Laughter.] Yes, voui\ assessors and
collectors and postmasters—(A Voice—"llit 'cm
again.")—Why they used to have an axiom in old
times that rotation in office a. good thing. Wash-
ington used to think so, Jefferson thought so, Mon-
roe thought so; Jackson—God bless him!—thought
so. [Cheers, a Voice, "Hero's a second Jackson."]
But now when we talk about—[The sentence was in-
terrupted by confusion in the assembly.] Your at-
tention. 1 would rather have youi attention [than
to listen to you.]
Now how does the matter stand? Why, this gang,
this gang ot cormorants and bloodsuckers, that have
lived at home and fattened upon thecountry tho last
four or five years, never going into the field,—oh,
they are groat patriots and everybody [wantsto turn
them out(?)] Look them [?.] Evervoody are trni-
tora that aro against us. Hence you hear a system
of legislation proposed, to do what? [Why that these
men shall not be turned out. "We have got our
particular friends in nower in the districts(?)3 and
tho President, the tribune of tho people, the only
channel through which you can reach and vacate
these places and bring honest men in, is denounced
as a tyrant because he stands [in vindication of the
people. (Cheers.) All it wants is lor the country to
[understand.] I think the timo has come when those
who have stayed at homo and enjoyed all the fat of-
fices four or iivo years, got rich,—X think it is noth-
ing more than right that a few of those who bave
fought the battles of tho country [as well as] others
who havo staid at home [should join in] the benefits
of the victory. [How it is with Tennessee? Why, it
is that [I mean to say that I stood up with these men
at home] and m tho licld, and God being willing, I
intend to stand by them again. [Cries of "Good,"
" Bully," and cheers.]
Then, my countrymen,—I havo been drawn into
this, i intended simply to make my acknowledge-
ments for the cordial welcomo that you have given
mo. But even in going along, passing the civilities
ol life, it I am insulted while the civilities are going
on X will resent it m a proper manner. [Cries of
"Good" & cheers.] Then in parting with you here
to-night, if I know tbe feeling3 ot my own heart,
there is no anger. X have 110 revengeful feelings to
gratify. (A voice "Everybody loves you") AH that
I want is—now that peace has come, now when tho
war is over—is for all patriotic and Christian men to
rally round the standard of their country, and "unite
in one [eternal, patriotic oath,] and swear by the
altar and their God that all shall sink together but
what this Union shall be restored. (Cheers.) Then
in parting with you here to-night, I hand over to you
this Hag, not with 25 but with 36 stars; I hand over
to you the Constitution oi my country unimpaired,
though breaches have been made upon it, with tho
confident hope that you will repair the breaches and
preserve the Constitution intact. I hand it ovei to
you, in whom i have always trusted, and upon whom
i have always relied, andsofarihavenevordeserted.
And 1 feel conlident, though speaking here to-night
lor heart that responds to heart—men that agree in
principle, men that agreo in some great doctrine
[that compare ideas or notions, when they come to
the hour of acting m harmony and concert.] Then m
parting with j ou to-night, X hand over the flag, the
Constitution and the Union into hands that I know
will preserve it, and at the proper timo will render
the proper[?j. ,
Then larcwell; and the little ill-feeling that has
been [strickcn out);—if some man who has been
morose and felt malignant under tho influence ol
some party leader and that don't leel that ho is tree,
let me say just in conclusion, and in this connection
I tell you theie are a good many white men in this
country need emancipating. And let the work of
emancipating go on. Strike the shackles from the
white man's limbs and let him stand erect. You free
your folks at homo before you go to tho negroes. 1 ou
let the negroes vote in Ohio before you talk about
negroes voting in Louisiana. [A voice "Never."]
Take the beam out of your own eye before you see
the mote that is m your neighbor's. You aro very
much disturbed about Now Orleans, but you won t
ict a negro [go] to the ballot box to vote in Ohio.
[Then my countrymen this is my claim] We under-
stand these questions.
Then in parting with you—[Tho speech is not con-
cluded in my notes—C. McEvvcn.j
[Cleveland Herald report.]
Prest. Johnson then stepped forward and spoke as
follows:
PREST. JOHNSON'S SPEECH.
Fellow Citizens of ClevelandIt is not for tho pur-
pose of making a speech X came here to-night. I am
aware oi the great cuiiosity that exists on the part
of strangers in reference to seeing individuals who
arc here amongst us. [Louder.] \ou must remem-
ber there arc a good many peoplo here to-night, and
it requires a groat voice to roach tho utmost verge
of this vast audience. X have used my voice so con-
stantly for some days past that I do know as X shall
be able to make you all hear, but X will do my best
to make myself hpard.
What I am going to say is; There is a large num-
ber here who would like to see General Grant, and
hear him speak, and hear what ho would have to
| say: but the fact is General Grant is not here. He is
I extremely ill. His health will not permit ol his ap-
1 pearing before this audience to-night, it would be
i a greater pleasure to me to see him here and have him
1 speak than to make a speech of my own. So then
i it will not be cxpected that he will be here to-night,
i & you cannot see him on account of his extreme
1 indisposition. . .
Fellow Citizens: In being before you to-night it js
not for the purpose of making a speech, but simply
to make your acquaintance, and while I am telling
you how to do, and at the same time toll you good-
bye. We are here to-night on our tour towards
a sifter State for the purpose of paitieipating m and
witnessing they laving of the chief corncr stone over
a monument to one ol our fellow citizens who is no
more. It is not necessary for me to mention the
name of Stephen A. Douglas to the citizens ot Ohio.
It is a name familiar to you all, and being on a tour
to participate in the ceremonies, and passing thiougfa
your State and scction of country and witnessing
the demonstration and manifestation of regard <£
respcet which has been paid me, 1 am free to say to
you that so far us I am concerned, and I think i am
speaking for all the company, when I say we leel
extremely gratified and flattered at the demonstra-
tion made oy the country through which wc have
! pROfwi, and in boing fluttered, 1 want to stato at the
