1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2167
devised for the southern States was liable to
produce, that individuals might suffer false im-
prisonment. It was very pioper, therefore,
that the Supreme Court of the United States
should have appellate jurisdiction over these
local tribunals to protect the liberty of every
man. For I hold that every man in the land
who lives under the Constitution of the United
States is worthy of protection. Though he be
black, though he be mean, though he be a
criminal, he is entitled to the protection which
is secured to every man in virtue of his .man-
hood by the fundamental principles of our Gov-
ernment.
I have therefore no complaint to make of
the act of 1867. It never would have been
necessary, however, if your reconstruction laws
and your Freedmen's Bureau acts had not been
passed. It grew out of a necessity of your
own creation; and when so violent measures
as those were forced upon the people it was
wise and salutary to accompany them by such
an act as the act of 1807.
Now, it so happened that an individual of
Mississippi, of whom I know nothing, but whose
name has become familiar to the public ear as
McCardle, fell a victim to the military tyranny
which has been sent into those States. As I
understand, his offense consisted in criticising
in a public print some measures of the com-
manding general. It was the exercise of the
right of freedom of speech and of the press
for which he was restrained of his liberty, and
thrown into jail. He applied for habeas cor-
pus. It was denied him in the local court.
He took his appeal to the Supreme Court of
the United States. The case came into that
court under this act of 18G7—this very law that
you passed for the purpose of securing to peo-
ple their liberty. Mr. McCardle came into the
Supreme Court of the United States pleading
that law. After an argument by counsel, who
denied that the ease came within that law, the
Supreme Court decided that they had jurisdic-
tion in the ease under the law; and they de-
cided it unanimously. I read the argument of
Mr. Trumbull upon that question as reported
in the papers. I have not read the opinion of
the court as delivered by the Chief Justice;
but I understand it was a unanimous decision.
And what was it in legal effect? It was a de-
cision that that court was entitled to take juris-
diction of McCardle's case, that jurisdiction
had attached in the case and that the argument
should proceed. In pursuance of that decree
the argument did proceed by distinguished coun-
sel on the one side and on the other.
Now, I call the attention of the House to
the fact that by all this Mr. McCardle acquired
certain rights in that court, rights just as well
defined as his right to life. He acquired the
right of taking the judgment of that court on
his case. It was a right which vested by
the circumstances to which I have adverted,
and not one of which will be controverted. It
was a vested right. It was a vested right in
respect to one of the highest interests of the
man—his liberty. It was a vested right which
the act of 18G7 showed you were ready to re-
spect when asserted by a negro. It was a
vested right which, I say, is just as worthy of
respect when assorted by a white man as when
asserted by a negro.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Do you go that far?
Mr. WOODWARD. Yes, sir; I will go that
far. I say that the. vested rights of this man
are just as worthy of the respect of this Con-
gress as if he were a negro.
Now, sir, what happens? This House hav-
ing allowed the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means to take up by unanimous
consent a bill relating to the revenues of the
country, to which nobody had any objection,
the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. WiLson.] the
chairman of the Judiciary Committee, offered
as an amendment this section, which takes
away the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court
under the act of 1867, and takes away the
vested, attached jurisdiction of the Supreme
Court in McCardle's ease. Such is not only
the legal effect of it; but, upon interrogation
on this floor, the gentleman from Iowa declared
that such was his intention in offering that
amendment. I asked the question myself;
and the gentleman made that distinct declara-
tion. Nay, more, he not only admitted that
that was his intention, but, with infinite bad
taste, seemed to be proud of it—seemed to be
proud that he had slipped in this amendment
to rob a fellow-citizen of his vested rights in
the Supreme Court of the United States. It
was the first time I ever saw a lawyer, not to
say a chairman of a Judiciary Committee,
plume himself both upon the thing done and
the mode of doing it when both were so ques-
tionable. I was shocked last Saturday, in the
running debate we had here, at the spirit and
manner of my friend from Iowa. When my
friends around me here complained of that
which I did not feel disposed to complain of—
the manner in which this amendment was in-
troduced—it was evident from the tone of the
gentleman's remarks, as it had been evident
from the tone of the remarks of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Suiiexok,] a few days
before, that they were proud of what gentlemen
on this side called a trick.
I did not call it a trick. I would be sorry to
call it so. They talked of their superior vigi-
lance, of their being always "wide-awake,"
and advised us on this side to keep awake and
not confide in them to the extent that we had
done, advice, this last, which will probably not
be lost on this side of the House. I say all
this seemed to be in exceedingly bad taste.
For what was the gentleman doing? He was
trampling upon the rights of a fellow-citizen.
I tried last Saturday to make him see the posi-
tion in which he was placing himself. I cared
nothing about this minor question as to the man-
ner of doing it. I tried to fix the gentleman's
eyes upon the real nature of the thing he was
doing, the essential quality of the enactment.
But he was so much occupied with self-admi-
ration of the manner of doing the thing that I
succeeded badly. I could not get him to con-
template the essence and quality of the thing
itself, so much enamored was he of that which
honorable gentlemen did not hesitate to call a
trick. [Laughter.]
But, let that matter pass. The thing was
done. The bill was passed without a word of
debate or explanation. It was afterward jus-
tified and even boasted of, and now these des-
ultory thoughts that I am expressing are the
first words of debate upon the measure that
have been heard in this Hall.
Now, sir, I have said that the act of 1867
was a law in favor of human liberty. This bill
proposes the repeal of the law, which has not
been asked for by the people of those States in
whose behalf the law was passed, not demanded
by any great public necessity, but dictated,
according to the confession of the gentleman
from Iowa himself, merely by a desire to pre-
vent the Supreme Court of the United States
from deciding McCardle's case. And the rea-
son of this desire was a fear that the Supreme
Court would declare the reconstruction laws
unconstitutional and void.
Sir, in former times, candid and wise legis-
lators were most anxious that questionable
legislation should be brought to judicial test at
the earliest possible moment. If anybody
doubts the constitutionality of air enactment
for which I vote while I may have the honor
of a seat on this floor, I will facilitate the ju-
dicial investigation of the question by all the
means in my power. I shall consider it a val-
uable privilege to bring a questionable measure
for which I may cast my vote before the judicial
tribunals of the country; and such 1 believe
has generally been the prevailing sentiment in
legislative bodies in this country until the pres-
ent time.
But it was rumored that the Supreme Court
were likely to declare the reconstruction laws
unconstitutional: and this bill was reported
and passed, says the gentleman front Iowa, for
the purpose of preventing that. Mr. Speaker,
when the country understands that the act of
1867 was a law in favor of human liberty, that
a citizen restrained of his liberty had availed
himself of this law for the purpose of obtain-
ing the decision of the Supreme Court of the
United States, what will they think of the
chairman of the Judiciary Committee of this
House, coming in with such a section at such a
moment for such an avowed purpose? And
what will they think of the action of this House
in sustaining such a bill over a veto from the
President ? Will they not see that it is a deadly
blow at the liberties of a citizen? That it is
an unworthy device to prevent a review of most
questionable legislation? That it amounts in
effect to a confession on the part of the House
that their legislation cannot stand the ordinary
judicial tests to which all laws are subjected?
I desire that the people shall understand this
matter. If there is honor in it, gentlemen are
entitled to it; if there is responsibility in it,
gentlemen must expect to bear it. The peo-
ple of the country shall have their attention
riveted upon the facts of this case, if I can
rivet it.
There is another point which I trust will not
be overlooked by the public. The Government
under which we live happily distributes its
powers in three separate coordinate depart-
ments. The legislative is one of them, but
the judiciary is also one of them. And the
judicial power is vested in the Supreme Court
of the United States and in such inferior courts
as Congress may establish. Now, McCardle's
case was ajudicial case. It presented a ques-
tion for judicial inquiry. Jurisdiction had at-
tached. The rights of McCardle had vested.
And I deny that the legislative department has
any power to meddle with the coordinate de-
partment, the judiciary, while the latter is per-
forming its appropriate functions in respect
to jurisdiction of a particular case that has
attached.
I am not going to discuss the question which
was started between the gentleman from Iowa
and myself us to the legal effect of this repeal-
ing law. I did ask him in that colloquial dis-
cussion on Saturday whether, in his judgment
as a lawyer, the effect of this repealing law
would be to divest that jurisdiction ? He very
promptly answered it would; that was the ob-
ject, and he had no doubt that would be the legal
effect. I ventured to express a doubt that such
would be the legal effect. He said it had been
decided, and I asked him where? He said he
did not have the authority tlien, but he would
bring it, to me. On Monday he brought me
three cases, I presume in answer to my in-
quiry. I will say, for the satisfaction of the
gentleman from Iowa, that I have examined
those three cases carefully, and I have exam-
ined several other eases, and when the ques-
tion comes up, if it ever does come up in the
House, on the legal effect of this repealing law
I will be prepared to discuss with my friend
from Iowa the cases he has referred to and
other cases to which I will take the liberty of
referring him. I will not discuss them now.
I cannot do if in the half hour allowed me, nor
do I think it expedient to do so.
On the contrary, Mr. Speaker, I choose to
place myself upon his ground and to admit, for
the purpose of the argument, that the passage of
this law v. ill divest jurisdiction in the McCardle
case. That is his position. I concede it for
the present. Then I say that is a posture of
the ease which I think will interest the people
of the country. Here is an American citizen
with the vested right to the judgment of that
court, about, according to common rumor, to
obtain favorable judgment, when the legislative
department rushes in and takes the case out
of the hands of the judicial department. It de-
cides the ease against the ciiizen. The gentle-
■man says that will be the legal effect of this
law.
Now, sir. I say if the gentleman is right in
that legal opinion, and for the present I will
not question it, this law prostrates all distinc-
tion between the coordinate branches into
which the political power of this country was
divided. It is no longer true that meheiai
power belongs exclusively to the judicial depar
