1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4215
tives, except those who constitute the commit-
tee, knowinganything about it. Here was this
fund dedicated by statute, used and used well
for the purposes for which it was appropriated
ar.d to which it should be applied ; and now for
the first time in the history of this Govern-
ment, without notice, without even debate, it
is undertaken to raise a revenue out of the
inventive genius of the country, and yet refuse
to them the business which they are entitled to
have done in order that their inventions may
avail them. I will not longer trespass upon
the time of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. DAWES resumed the floor.
Mr. JENCKES. I give notice that I will
wiove to refer the joint resolution to the Com-
mittee on Retrenchment.
Mr. DAWES. I yield to the gentleman from
New Hampshire £Mr. Ela] for ben minutes.
Mr. ELA. The gentleman is very much
mistaken when he asserts that this report is
made on hearsay evidence.
Mr. JENCK.ES. 1 did not say that; I said
partially so.
Mr. ELA. The report is made upon the sworn
•statement of the Commissioner of Patents, the
scting Commissioner at present, the chief clerk,
and disbursing officer of that office, and the
Comptroller of the Treasury; and in addition
to that it is made from a report made by a
committee for the purpose of awarding the
contracts from the Interior Department. And
now, Mr. Speaker, one word more in regard
to the law under which the gentleman says this
matter has been brought in. The law the gen-
tleman refers to in relation to the Patent Office
was repealed the next year after it was passed,
leaving all this matter to the general law. And
j'et the gentleman has argued to the House that
these expenses are paid under that law. lie
is also mistaken in supposing all the Depart-
ments are doing printing equally without law.
The Treasury Department are authorized by
law to perform certain printing, such as the
envelopes they manufacture, circulars, and
come other kinds of printing. I have not
attempted in this report to go beyond the duties
imposed by the House on the Committee ou
Printing. But, sir, if the mere surface-skim-
ming which the gentleman alludes to develops
sucli a system of corruption as this report shows,
I would like to know what you would find if
you should probe it to the center. Why, sir,
this paper which the gentleman has spoken
of, upon which specifications are printed, was^
offered to be furnished by three bidders, the
highest of the bids being for three hundred
thousand sheets at $7,01)0, and the lowest
$2,500. And yet your acting commissioner,
before the bids were opened, contracted for
an amount above what was then on hand, for
three hundred thousand sheets, at an expense
of $24,000, which put into the pocket of the
man who furnished the paper more than
$15,000. I have no disposition to follow this
matter further, because tae law upon which the
gentleman fiom Rhode Island founded his
whole argument was repealed four years ago,
and because the report states the matter fully.
I now call the previous question.
Mr. JENCKES. Is not my motion to refer
in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not, for the gentle-
man was not on the floor to make that motion,
thegentlemanfrom Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
having resumed it before that time.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes (34, noes 30 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. J exckes
and Ela were appointed.
The House divided; and thetellers reported—
ayes seventy-two, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered ; and
under the opeiation thereof the joint resolution
was ordered to be engrefssed and read a third
time ; and being engrossed, it was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ELA moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PURCHASE OF ALASKA.
Mr. DAWES. I yield to my colleague to
take up a matter if it does not cause dehate.
Mr. BANKS. I ask to take from the Speak-
er's table the amendments of the Senate to the
Alaska bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
POSTAL LAWS.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask unanimous
consent to take from the Speaker's table the
Senate amendments to the bill amending the
postal laws for the purpose of non-concurring
and having a committee of conference.
Mr. SPALDING. I object to taking any
bill from the Speaker's table out of its order.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will not
the gentleman allow the Senate amendments
to the deficiency bill to be taken up ?
Mr. SPALDING. No, sir; I object to any
bill being taken up out of its regular order.
CHRISTOPHER C. CAREY.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (II. R. No. 1436)
for the relief of Christopher C. Carey, of Ten-
nessee ; which was read a first and second time,
and reierred to the Committee of Claims.
CAPTAIN ISAAC A TAYLOR.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, also, by unan-
imous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1437) for the relief of Captain Isaac A. Taylor,
of Tennessee ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
GEORGE W. KTKK.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, also, by unan-
imous consent, introduced a bill (II. it. No.
1438) for the relief of Colonel George W.
Kirk, of Tennessee; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
votes by which the bills were severally referred ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LOYAL CITIZENS OF TENNESSEE.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. I ask unan-
imous consent to introduce a joint resolution
pledging the faith of the nation to the loyal
citizens of Tennessee.
Mr. MULLINS. I object.
CHARGES OF DESERTION.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask unanimous con-
sent to report back from the Committee on
Military Affairs the joint resolution (H. R.
Xo. ol'.t) in regard to charges of desertion in
cases of soldiers honorably discharged.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that in all cases where private soldiers in the
late war for the Union served out the term of
their enlistment and were honorably discharged
from the service, or died in the service while
in the line of duty, it shall be the duty of the
Secretary of War upon application of the parties
to remove any charges of desertion^ that may
stand on the rolls against such soldiers where
there has not been a conviction for desertion
by a court-martial.
Mr. WARD objected, but subsequently with-
drew his objection, and the joint resolution was
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsiderthevote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ELECTION CONTEST SWITZLER "VS. ANDERSON.
Mr. DAWES. The Committee of Elections,
to whom was recommitted the report of that
committee in the contested-election case of
Switzler vs. Anderson, have instructed me to
report the following resolution, upon which I
demand the previous question:
Resolved, That in the matter of charges of disloy-
alty made by Hon. J. P. Benjamin against the
contestant for a soat in this House from the ninth
district of Missouri, and by the contestant against
the sitting member, all the testimony betaken intho
manner prescribed in the act regulating contested
elections, all the notices in each case to be served
respectively upon the respondent and the person
making the charge, and all the testimony to be filed
with the Clerk of the House within ninety days from
the passage of this resolution.
Mr. ELDRIDG-E. Is this privileged?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It seemsto methatthere
can be no other purpose in the matter except
to keep the contestant out of his seat until this
Congress is ended.
The SPEAKER. The resolution, however,
is privileged. It proposes to provide how the
contest shall be continued.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw the previous question to enable me
to offer an amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I will hear it read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved further, That the sitting member and the
contestant be allowed within the time and iu the man-
ner mentioned in the above resolution to take addi-
tional testimony in relation to the character of the
registration of Callaway county for the election of
the year 1866.
Mr. DAWES. I cannot yield for that amend-
ment to be offered. There is no reason given
on either side why they had not sufficient time
to take testimony. I yield for a moment to
my colleague on the committee, [Mr. Kerr.]
Mr. KERR. 1 hope the gentleman will not
yield to allow the amendment to be offered.
Mr. DAWES. I have declined to yield.
Mr. KERR. Then I have nothing further
to say.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FOURTEENTH AMENDMENT TO CONSTITUTION.
Mr. DAWES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Elections to report back the official
noisice of the ratification of the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States by the Legislature of the State of Louis-
iana, and to ask that they be discharged from
its further consideration, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Reconstruction.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent
laid before the House a communication from
the Governor of the State of South Carolina,
transmitting a joint resolution of the Legisla-
ture of that State, ratifying the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States; which was referred to the Committee
on Reconstruction.
LOUISIANA AND SOUTH CAROLINA MEMBERS.
Mr. DAWES. I am instructed by the Com ■
mittee of Elections, to which were referred
the credentials of persons claiming to have
been elected members of this House from the
State of Louisiana, namely, J. Hale Sypher,
for the first district; James Mann, for the sec-
ond district; Joseph P. Newsham, for the third
district; MichaelVidal, for the fourth district;
andW. Jasper Blackburn,for the fifth district;
and from the State of South Carolina, B. F.
Whittemore, for the first district, and James
H. Goss, for the fourth district, to report that
they have examined those credentials and have
found them in due form of law, azid that the
State of Louisiana and the State of South ar
olina have conformed in all respects 0
1 requirements of the laws of Congr®.
j committee therefore .recommend M
j gentlemen be admitted to seats in this House
