110
SUPPLEMENT TO
same time that I don't consider that entirely per-
sonal, but as evidence of what is pervading the
public mind, that there is a great issue before the
country, and that this demonstration of feeling, is
more than anything else, an indication of a deep
interest among the great mass of the people in regard
to all these great questions that agitate the public
mind. In coming betoreyou to-night, Xcome before
you as an Aineiioan citizen, and not simply as your
Chief Magistrate. I claim to be a citizen of the
Southern States, and an inhabitant of one of the
States ot this Union. 1 know that it has been said,
and contended for on the part of some, that I was
an alien, lor I did not reside in any one of the States
of the Union, and therefore I eould not be Chief
Magistrate, though the States declared I was.
But all that was necessary was simply to introduce
a resolution declaring the office vacant or depose the
occupant, or under some pretext to prefer articles of
impeachment, & the individual who occupies the
Chief Magistracy would be deposed and deprived of
power.
But, fellow-citizens, a short time since you had a
ticket before you for the Presidency and Vice Presi-
dency ; 1 was placed upon that ticket, in conjunction
with a distinguished fellow citizen who is now no
more. (Voice, "a great misfortune too"), X know
there are some who will exclaim, "unfortunate.'' I
admit the ways of Providence are mysterious and
unfortunate but uncontrolable by those who would
exclaim unfortunate. I was going to say my coun-
trymen, but a short time since. I was selected and
placed upon a ticket. There was a platform prepared
and adopted by those who placcd mo upon it, and
now, notwithstanding all kinds of misrepresenta-
tion: notwithstanding since after the sluice of mis-
representation has been poured out, notwithstanding
a subsidised gang of hirelings have traduced me and
maligned me ever since I have entered upon the dis-
charge of my official duties, yot I will say had my
predecessor have lived, the vials of wrath would
have been poured out on him (erica of never, never,
never.) I come here to-night in passing alone:, and
being called upon, for the purpose of exchanging
opinions and views as time would permit, and to as •
certain if we could who was in the wrong.
X appear before you to-night and I want to to say
this: that I have lived and been among all Ameri-
can people, and have represented them in some ca-
pacity for the last twenty-five years. And where is
tho man living, or the woman in the community,
that I have wronged, or where is the person thatcan
place their finger upon one singlo hair breadth of
deviation from ono single pledge I have made, or
one single violation of the Constitution of the coun-
try. "What tongue does he speak? What religion
does ho profess? Let him como forward and place
his lingerupon one pledge I have violated. (A voice.
"Hang Jett Davis"): (Mr. President resumes.) Hang
Jeff Davis? Hang Jeff, Davis? Why don't you?
(Applause.) Why don't you? (Applause.) Have
you not got tho Court? Have you not got the Court?
Have not you got the Attorney General? Who is
your Chief Justice—and that refused to sit upon tho
trial? (Applause.) X am not the Prosecuting At-
torney. 1 am not the jury. But 1 will tell you what
X did do; X called upon your Congress, that, is trying
to break up tho Government, (immense applause.)
Yes, did your Congress order hanging Joff Davis?
(Prolonged applause, mingled with hisses.)
But, fellow citizens, wo had as well lot feelings and
prejudices pass; let passion subside; let reason re-
sume her empire. Xn presenting myself to you in the
few remarks 1 intended to make, my intention was
to address myself to your judgment and to your good
sense, and not to your anger or thomalignity of your
hearts. This was my object in presenting myself on
this occasion, and at tho same time to tell you
good-bye. I havo heard the remark made in this
crowd to-night, "Traitor, traitor!" (Prolonged con-
fusion.) My countrymen, will you hear me for my
cause? For tho Constitution of my country? X
want to know when, where and under what circum-
stances Andrew Johnson, either as Chief JSxeeutivo,
or m any other capacity ever violated tho Constitu-
tion of his country. Let me ask this large and in->.
teliigent audience here to-night, if your Secretary
of State, who served four yeais under Mr. Lincoln,
who was placed under the butcher's blow and ex-
posed to tho assassin's knife, when he turned traitor,
if 1 were disposed to play orator, and deal in de-
clamation, here to-night, I would imitate one of the
ancient tragedies we have such account of—1 would
take William H Seward and open to you the scars
he has received. I would exhibit his bloody gar-
ment and show the rent caused bv the assassin's
knife. [Three cheers for Seward.] ires, I would un-
fold his bloody garments here to-night and adv who
had committed (reason. 1 would ask why Jefl
Davis was not hung? Why don't you hang Thud
Stevens and Wendell Phillips? 1 can tell you, my
countrymen 1 have been fighting traitors in the
South, fprolonged applause,] and they have been
whipped, and say they were wrong, acknowledge
their en or and accept the terms of the Constitu-
tion.
And now as f pas? around the circle, having fought
trai tors at the South, I am prepared to fight traitors
at the North, God being willing with your help
("\on can't have it/' and piolongcd confusiun,]
they would be crushed worse than the traitors of the
South, and this glorious Union of ours will be pre-
served. In coming here to-night, it was not coming
as Chief Matrix trate of twenty-five State.0, but I come
here as the Chief Magistrate of thirty-six States. 1
came here to-night with the flag of my country in
my band, with a constellation of thirty-six ami not-
twenty-five, stars. I came here to-night with the
Constitution of my country intact, determined to
defend tho Constitution, let iho consequences be
what thoy may. I camc here to-night for the Union;
the entire circle of these States. [A Voice. u IIow
many States made you President?"] How many
Statesmademe President? Was you against seces-
sion? Do you want to dissolve the Union? [Avoice,
No.] Then I am President of the whole United
States, and I will tell you one thing. I understand
the discordant nptes in this audience here to-night.
And X will tell you furthermore, that he that is op-
posed to the restoration of the Government and the
union of the States, is as great a traitor as Jeff
Davis, and I am against both of thein. I fought
traitors at the South, now I fight them at the North.
(Immense applause.)
X will tell you another -thing; I know all about
those boys that have fought tor their country. I
have been with them down there when cities were
besieged. I know who was with them when some of
you, that talk about traitors, had not courage to
come out of your closers, buc persuaded somebody
else to go.
Very courageous men! "While Grant, Sherman,
Farragut, and a long host of the distinguished
sons of the United States were in the field of battle
you were cowards at home; and. now when these
brave men have returned, many of them having left
an arm or leg on some battle-field while you were
at home speculating and committing frauds upon
your government, you pretend now to have great
respect and sympathy for the poor fellow who left
his arm on the battle-field. I understand you, who
talk about the duty of the President and object to
his speech of the 22d of July, (Voice, "22d of Febru-
ary")—22d of February. X know who have fought
the battles of the country, and I know who is to pay
for it. Those brave men shed their blood and you
speculated, got money, and now the great mass of
the people must work it out. (Applause and confu-
sion.) X care not for your prejudices. It is time for
tho great mass of the American people to understand
what your designs are in not admitting the Southern
States when they have come to terms and oven pro-
£oscd to pay their part of tho national debt. X say,
et them come; and those brave men, having con-
quered them and having prostrated them in the dust
with the heel of power upon them, What do they say?
(Voice," What does General Butler say?") General
Butleu I What docs General Grant say ? And what
does General Grant say of General Butliui? What
docs General Sheiman say? He says he is for res-
toration ol the Government; and General Sherman
fought for it.
13ut fellow citizens let this all pass. I care not for
malignity. There is a certain portion of our conn-
tiymen that will respect their fellow citizen when-
ever lie is entitled to respect, and there is another
poition that have no respcctfor themselves, and con-
sequently have none lor anybody else. I know a
gentleman when X see him, And furthermore, Xknow
when I look a man in the face—[Voice,—" Which you
can't do."] I wish X could see you, X will bet now,
if there could be a Lghtrefiected upon your face that
cowardice and treachery could bo seen m it. Show
yourself. Como out lieio whcrowccan see you. If
ever you shoot a man, you will stand in the dark
and pull your trigger. Iundeistaml traitors, I have
been lighting them for live years. Wc fought it out
on the Southern end of tho lino, how we are lighting
in the other direction. And those men—such a one
as insulted me to-night—you may say, has ceased to
be a man, and in ceasing to a. man sliiunk into tho
denomination of a reptile, and having so shrunken,
as an honest man, I tread upon him. I came heie
to-night not to criminate or recriminate, but when
provoked my nature is, not to advance, but to de-
fend, and when encroached upon, 1 care not from
what quarter it comes, it will find resistance, and
resistance at the threshold. As your Ouicf Magis-
trate I havo felt, after taking an oath to support the
Constitution of my country, that I saw tho encroach-
ments of the enemy upon your sovereign rights. I
saw the citadel of liberty intrenched upon and, as an
honest man, being placed there as a sentinel, 1 have
dared to sound the tocsin of alarm. Should I have
ears and not hear; have a tongue and not speak when
tho enemy approaches?
And let mo say to-night that my head has been
threatened. It has been said that my blood was to
bo shed. Let me say totho<e who are still willing to
sacrifice my life [derisive laughter and cheery] if you
want a victim and my country requires it, erect your
altar and the individual who addresses you to-night,
while here a visitor, [No, No." and laughter] erect
your altar if you still thirst for blood, and if you want
it, take out the individual who now addresses you
and lay him upon your altar, and the blood thatnow
eourscs his veins and warms his existence, shall be
poured out as a last libation to Freedom. 1 love my
country, and I defy any man to put his finger upon
anything to the contraiy. Then what is my offense?
]Voiees. "You ain't a Radical,'' "New Orleans,"
"Veto"] Somebody sajs "Veto." Veto ol what?
What is called the Frcedmen's Bureau Bill, and m
fine, not to go into any argument hereto-night, if you
do not understand what the Froedmea's Bureau Bill
is, I can tell you. [Voice—"Tell us"J Before the re-
bellion there were 4,000.000 called colored persons
held as slavesby about 340,000 people living in the
South. That is 310,000 slaveowners paid expenses,
bought land and worked the negroes, and at the ex-
piiationof the year when cotton, tobacco, and rice
was gathered and «old,ai'rer all paying expenses, these
slave owners put the money in their pocket—(slight
interruption)—your attention—they put the prop-
erty in their pocket. In many instances there was
no profit and many como out in debt. Weil, that is
the way things stood before the rebellion, The rc-
belUou commenced and the slaveswere turnedloose.
Then we come to the Freedmen's Bureau Bill. And
what did the bill propose? It pioposed to appoint
agents and sub-agents in all the cities, counties, school
districts and parishes, with power to make contracts
for all tho slaves, power to control and power to hire
them out—dispose of them, and in addition to that,
the whole military power of the Government applied
to carry it into execution.
Now [clamor and confusion] X never feared
clamor. X have never been afraid of the people, for
by them X have always been sustained. And when
I have all the truth, argument, fact and reason on
my side, clamor nor affront, nor animosities can
drive me from my purpose.
Now to the Freedman's Bureau. What was it?
Four million slaves were emancipated and given an
equal chance and fair start to make their own sup-
port—to work and produce; and having worked and
produced, to have their own property and apply it
to their own support. But the X^reedmen's Bureau
comes and says we must take charge of these 4,000.000
slaves. The Bureau comes along and proposes, at
an expense of a fiaction less than $12,000,000 a year
to take charge of these slaves. You had already ex-
pended three thousand million dollars to set them
free and give them a fair opportunity to take care
of themselves—then these gentlemen, who are such
great friends of the people, tell us they must be taxed
twelve million dollars to sustain the Freedman's
Bureau. [Great confusion.] I would rather speak
to five hundred men who would give me their atten-
tion than to one hundred thousand that would not,
[With all this mass'of patronage he said he could
have declared himself dictator.]
The Civil Itights bill was more enormous than the
other. I have exercised the veto power, thoy say.
Let me say to you of the threats from your Stevense3,
Sumncrs, Phillipscs and all that class, I care not for
them. As they once talked about forming a " league
with Hell and a covenant with the devil." I tell you,
my countrymen hero to-night, through the power of
Hell, death and Stevens with all his cowers com-
bined, there is no power than can control me savo
you the people and the God that spoke me into ex-
istence. In bidding you farewell hero to-night, I
would ask you with all the pains Congress has taken
to calumniate and malign me, what has Congress
done? Has it done anything to restore the Union of
the States? But, on the contrary, has it not done
everything to prevent it?
> And because I stand now as I did when the rebel-
lion commenced, I have been denounced as a traitor.
My countrymen here to-night, who liassufiered more
thanl? Who has run greater risk? Who has borne
more than I? But Congress, factious, domineering,
tyrannical—Congress has undertaken to poison the
minds of the American people, and create a feeling
against me in consequence of the manner in which I
have distributed the public patronage.
While this gang—this common gang of cormorants
and bloodsuckers, have been fattening upon the
country for the past four or five years—men never
going into the field, who growl at being removed fi om
their fat officcs, they are great patriots! Look at
them all over your district! Everybody is a traitor
that is against them. I think the time has come,
when those who stayed at home and enjoyed offices
for the last four or live years—I think it would be no
more than right for them to give way and let others
participate in the benefits ol office. Hence you can
see why it is th,at X am traduced and assaulted. X
stood up by these men who were in the field, and I
stand by them now.
1 have been diawn into this long speech, while I
intended simply to make acknowledgments for the
cordial welcome; but if I am insulted while civili-
ties are going on I will resent it in a proper manner,
and in parting here to-night, I have no anger nor
revengeful feelings to gratify. All I want now—
peace has come and war is over—is for all patiiotic
men to rally round the standard of their country and
swear by their altars and their God, that all shall
sink together but what this Union shall besupported.
Then in parting with you to-night, 1 hang over you
this flag—not of 25 but of 30 stars—1 hand over to you
the Constitution of my country—though imprisoned,
though breaches have been made upon it—with con-
fidence hoping you wiJl repair the breaches, 1 hand
it over to you, in whom I have always trusted and
relied, and, so far, I have never deserted—and I feel
confident, while speaking here to-night, for heart
responds to heartof man, that you agree to the same
great doctrine.
Then farewell! The little ill feelings aroused here
to-nightfor some men have felt a little ill; let us
not cherish them. Lot mo say, m this conncetion,
there, are many white people in this country that
need emancipation. Let the work of emancipation
go on. Let white men stand erect and free. [A
voice, "What about Now Orleans"]. You complain
of the disfranchisement of the negroes in the South-
ern States, whileyou would not give them the right
of suffrage in Ohio to-day. Let your negroes vote in
Ohio before you talk about negroes voting. Take
the beam out of your own eye before you see the
mote in your neighbours eye. You are very much
disturbed about New Orleans—but you will not allow
the negro to vote in Ohio.
This is all plain, we understand this all and in
parting with you to-night let me invoke the blessing
of God upon you, expressing my sincere thanks for
the cordial manner in which you have received me.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
sitting for this trial stand adjourned until to-
morrow at twelve o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to make a mo-
tion that takes precedence of that, that when
the court adjourns it adjourn to meet on Mon-
day next.
Mr. DRAKE. That has been decided against.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It can be considered
