3m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
June MS,
some difficulty in doing it. He is unknown ;
hisj neighbors and friends are unknown. lie
wants ihe facilities in Richmond. So a man
in New Orleans wants the facilities there ; he
does not want to go to Boston to borrow
money; his indorsers are not known there;
his bill of exchange cannot be sold to the Bos-
ton bank. The result of this movement will
simply be that you put the circulating medium
where it is needed and where the people can
be accommodated at their own doors, where
the indorsers are known, and where their
paper can be discounted ; and it will simply
result in putting back into the New England
banks that redundancy of circulation not needed
and which is now circulating in the southern
States.
Mr. President, it js but just to the people of
the South, it is but just to the people of the
States which have no circulating medium.
Why is it that gentlemen insist on an irredeem-
able circulation issued in their own States, a
forced loan to the people who cannot have
bank stock themselves? How just is it to
force your currency on thein, irredeemable as
it is, making a loan upon the people of every
other State of the Union, and you yourselves
receiving interest on it? Why not let the peo-
ple who have to borrow receive the dividends
on the banks. They cannot get stock in your
banks, and if they could, it would not do them
any good, because, as 1 said before, they could
not get accommodation from your bank coun-
ters. Let the accommodations be among the
people who want them. Let them own the
stock. Is that anything more than just and
right? Surely not.
Senators need not imagine that people will
go to a bank and borrow for the mere glory of
having money in their pockets. Let us trust
the people as we trust ourselves. We are not
fond of paying six or ten per cent, for money
for the mere privilege of having it idle in our
pockets. A man does not borrow usually
unless he wants it in business, and when he
does want it in business, in the name of com-
mou sense give him facilities near his door,
where those who indorse his paper are known.
Is there anything wrong or unjust in this?
Surely it does not extend the circulation a
dollar.
if you mean to takeoff the limitation entirely
and let banking be perfectly free, there would
not be an expansion of a single dollar. The
people will not borrow money unless they want
it; and if they do not want it there will be no
expansion, and the banks are not likely to put
out any more than the people demand, because
bankers know perfectly well that they have to
redeem what they put out either in what you
call United States notes or in gold ; and when
the Supreme Court comes to decide that the
legal-tender clause is void that very moment
the banks find nothing to be lawful currency
of the United States except gold, and they
will have to redeem (heir entire paper in that.
Hence the banks are very cautious, at least
during the present year. They must be very
cautious in putting out paper in the face of any
probability or even possibility of a decision of
that sort. Mjr friend from Oregon, [Mr. Wil-
liams,] I believe, has argued the case before
the Supreme Court; the case is pending there
to be decided at the beginning of the next
term. But even if the Supreme Court should
not decide in that way, the disposition of Con-
gress seems to be to fund the greenbacks,'U)
cancel them, to get them out of the way. If
that be done, what can the banks redeem in
except coin ? Are they likely, in view of the
prospect of being compelled to redeem in coin,
to put oai any more paper than the business
demands of the countiy require? Surely not.
Then why is it that Senators insist that this is
a proposition to expand the currency. 1 repeat
afftliu, and i want the people to understand,
that the proposition of gentlemen simply is to
force specie payments by denying a circulating
medium to the'people, and whenever you get
specie payments in that way you bring disaster
and I'uiii on the country.
Mr. COBBETT. It seems that this is not
a question of circulation in the West, but a
question of the profits of the banks. It re-
solves itself right to that point. If a man has
the money to establish a bank in the-western
country he must go East to purchase the bonds
on which to issue his bank currency. If the
West now have the currency to establish banks
with $20,000,000 of circulation what will be
the result? Take, for illustration, a bank with
$100,000capital. Suppose a man in St. Louis
has the money with which to establish such a
bank; he goes to New York and purchases
$100,000 of United States stocks, which are
worth 110. He must therefore pay $110,000
in currency, legal-tender notes or bank notes,
which he takes from St. Louis, for $100,000
of bonds. He takes those bonds and deposits
them with the Treasurer of the United States,
and gets in return $00,000 in bank currency,
which he takes back to St. Louis. The result
is that he has $90,000 to circulate among the
people of Missouri, whereas he had $110,000
before. Therefore it is not a question of cur-
rency, for he reduces his currency $20,000,
but it is a question as to the profits of the bank
which he establishes. If the people of the
South and West have the currency there now
with which to establish these banks, what is
the use of establishing the banks? If they
have the currency aud desire to establish the
banks the result is that when they take that
currency to New York and convert it into
bonds and get their banks going they have less
currency than they had before. What is the
use, then, of increasing the bank circulation,
except for the profits they make in banking?
To assert that the issuing of $20,000,000
more currency is not expansion, seems to me
to be folly. This is a direct proposition of
expansion, which we have pledged ourselves
to the country against. 11 is against the policy
of resumption of specie payments upon theroad
to which we entered after the war. You have
now seven dollars of currency in circulation
to one dollar of gold. Add this $20,000,000,
and you make it $7 20 to one dollar, and you
are just that much further from specie pay-
ments, and I do not see how we are to reach
resumption by increasing the volume of cur-
rency and increasing the price of everything.
The office-holders, the clerks in your Depart-
ments, are coming here because the price of
everything is so high aud asking you to in-
crease their salaries twenty per cent. You
hesitate to do tliatj and now you propose to
issue a currency that will make it cost them
more to live than it does at present. You have
already doubled the price of every article they
use here for the sustenance of life ; you hesitate
about increasing their salaries twenty per cent.;
and now you propose to increase the currency
$20,000,000, which will add two and a half
per cent, to the value of gold, and the result
will bethatthe price of everything will advance.
The necessaries of life will advance in price:
these persons will be compelled to pay more
anil they will have to come to yon and ask for
a. still further increase of salary. The question
is whether we shall keep on increasing this
circulation, advancing prices, adding to sala-
ries, to the pay of Senators and all employes
of the Government, or whether we shall stand
still and work up gradually to a position where
we can see a prospect of resumption.
I do not desire to contract the currency at
present, but I implore Senators to look well to
this, and at least let us stand where we are.
If the West have money to invest in banking
capital, they do not need this provision, for
they have more currency than they will have
after they establish these banks. It is a mere
question of dollars and cents as to the profits.
Why increase the cunency for the purpose of
giving profits to people in the West? It would
seem that the people of the East have more
money in New York to-day than they want and
are only getting three or four per cent, for it.
If the people of the West desire money, it will
flow Chere for speculation in flour and products
of every kind ; but I say they have more cur-
rency now than they can use. I hope this bill
will be laid on the table ; it seems to me that
it is only a proposition to increase the circula-
tion, and to placeourselves in a worse position,-
further off from specie payments than we were
before.
Mr. POMEROY. If we could ever get to
a vote on this question it would be gratifying
to me. I voted with the Senator from Ohio
two or three days ago to take up this bill
because he assured roe that we could complete
it that day.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not my fault that
we did not do so. I have sat here perfectly
quiet all day to-day and have not heard the
pending amendment discussed more than fif-
teen minutes during all this livelong day.
Now. I hope the Senate will stand by me until
this hill is defeated or passed or pat out of
the way in some mode.
Mr. POMEliOY. I have made up my mind
never to vote to take up another bill in regard
to banks. It is an endless theme. Whenever
we begin a discussion about banks there is no
end to it. My excellent friend from Oregon
[Mr. Cokbett] has shown that it is a grand
system of retrenchment. The new idea of my
friend from Oregon is exceedingly interest-
ing, because he shows that if we now organize
new banks under this provision we shall have
$20,000 less of currency on every $100,000
than we had before, if this is a system of
retrenchment of that kind, 1 am against it.
I was going to vote for it until my friend from
Oregon proved that it, was such a reduction of
currency to issue $20,000,000 more that I am
in doubt whether 1 shall vote for it or not.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CORBETT. A reduction to your sec-
tion of country.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the bill be
laid on the table.
Mr. CONKLING. We had better take the
vote on this amendment first.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well; I withdraw
the motion for the present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Davis] to the amendment of
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, I beg to occupy
the attention of the Senate for one minute. I
want to get the sense of the Senate on the
simple proposition whether they will recall
$20,000,000 of circulation from the New Eng-
land States. That is the result of the propo-
sition of the Senator from Kentucky. If the
Senators from New England are willing to
agree to that, I have no objection, aud if the
Senate so decide, I am then prepared to con-
form my action to the judgment of the Senate
on that noint.
Mr._ POME ROY. I should like to ask how
this circulation can be withdrawn? There is
no law to withdraw it.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the question to
be solved. Let us have the vote.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 15 : as follows;
TE^LS—Messrs. Bayard, Buck:ilew, Cameron,Cole.
Conlirina, Corbett, Davis, Doohttle, Feiry, Harlan,
Hendricks Howe, McOrcerv, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Patterson of New Hampshire. Patterson of
Tennessee, Pomeroy, Stewart. Sumner, Thayer.
Tipton, Trumbull, Yickexs, Wade, Wilson, and
Yates—27.
.NAY'S—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Chandler, Cra-
gin, Fessenden, Henderson, Howard, Morgan, Mor-
rill of Maine, Nye, it<fss, Sherman, Sprague, Yaa
Winkle, and Williams—15.
ABSENT —Messrs. Conness, Dixon, Drake, Ed-
munds, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Johnson,
Xorton, ltamsey, Saulsbury, and Wiltey—12.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
bill, with the amendments, be laid upon the
table; aud on that motion I ask for the yeas aud
nays.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the Senator from
Michigan will withdraw the motion for *
