1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4217
making or issuing the same, by reason of acci-
dent, mistake, inadvertence, or urgent neces-
sity, and without willful design to defraud the
United States of the stamp, or to evade or
delay the payment of the tax on such instru-
ment, then, if such instrument, or if the ori-
ginal be lost, a copy thereof, duly certified by
the officer having charge of any records in
which such original is required to be recorded,
or, if not recorded, otherwise duly proved, to
the satisfaction of the collector, shall within
six calendar months after the 1st day of
August, 1808, be biouglit to the said collector
of revenue to be stamped, and the stamp tax
chargeable thereon be paid, it sliall be lawiul
for the said collector to remit the penalty pro-
vided by law, and to cause such instrument to
be duly stamped.
Mr. ROSS. Will that cover deeds made in
the southern States during the rebellion ?
Mr. ALLISON. That class of cases is
already covered by existing law, and this will
extend the time in this and all other cases for
six mouths.
Mr. BOSS. I have letters asking for such
a law. Parties want an opportunity to affix
the United States stamps to their instruments
of writing.
Mr. ALLISON. This will covcr all cases
in every collection district of the United States.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TRIAL OF BOILERS.
Mr. O'NEILL. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on Commerce a
ioint resolution authorizing the trial of boilers
for steam vessels.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that the Secretaiy of the Treasury shall have
power to permit the trial of any boiler or boil-
ers of any other material than charcoal plates
or wrought iron upon such steamboats or
steamships as the manufacturers of said boiler
or boilers may furnish, provided there be no
expense to the Government arising therefrom.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I object.
Mr. BROOKS. I now call for the regular
order of business.
FUNDING TIII5 NATIONAL DEBT.
Mr. SCHENCK. T move that the rules be
now suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union upon the special order.
The rules were accordingly suspended ; and
the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Pomeroy in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
the committee will resume the consideration
of Senate bill No. 207, for funding the national
debt and for the conversion of the notes of the
United States.
The Clerk read the pending section, as fol-
lows :
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That from and
after the passage of this act no percentage, deduction,
commission, or compensation of any amount or kind
shall be allowed to any person for the sale or nego-
tiation or exchange of any bonds or securities of the
United States, disposed of at the Treasury Depart-
ment or elsewhere, on account of the United States:
and all acts and parts of acts authorizing or permit-
ting, by construction or otherwise, the Secretary of
the Treasury to appoint any agent, other than some
proper officer of his Department, to make such sale
or negotiation ot bonds and securities arc hereby
repealed.
Amendments of the committee:
Strike out " or negotiation" and insert "negotia-
tion or exchange:" and insert after the words " of the
United Slates" the words "or of any coin or bul-
lion."
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL. I move the following as
an additional section:
And be it finilin- rnneted, That after the pn-'sa-go
of this act ail exchange, purchases, or sales of
the bonds of the United States shall bema.de by in-
viting the competition of the public by advertising
for proposals for any such exchange, purchase, or
sale, which shall be awarded to the best bidder or
bidders, the Secretary of tho Treasury reserving the
right to reject any such bids should he deem it to the
public interest to do so.
I do not think the chairman of the commit-
tee will object to that. The object of the
amendment is that when the exchanges of these
bonds are made the public shall be made aware
of exactly what is going on in tho Treasury
Department in that regard, so that the pur-
chaser of a fifty-dollar bond shall know it just
as a wealthy millionaire who takes his $100,000.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read the next and last amendment
of the Committee of Ways and Means, to add
the following as a new section :
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That hereafter
the tax on any income arising from the bonds and
other interest-bearing securities of the United States,
payable to any person, State, municipality, body
politic or corporate, company or society, whether cor-
porate or not corporate, out of the Treasury of tho
United States, shall be assessed and collected by tho
Treasurer or other disbursing officers of the United
States, charged with paying any interest upon the
debt of the United States, in the same currency in
which said interest is paid, and such collection shall
be made by deduction of the amount of the tax from
thecouponsor interestdueatthe time of payment of
such interest.
Mr. KELSEY. I desire to offer a substi-
tute for the whole bill.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not yet in order.
There is an amendment pending.
Mr. LOGAN. Before the last scction is
reached I desire to offer a new section to come
in after section four that has just been passed
upon.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now is upon
the last section which has been read.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to add after the
words United States in the third line the words
'' other than those authorized by the first section
of this act.''
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend the section by striking out the words
"the tax on any" and inserting in lieu thereof
the words " there shall be a tax of live per cent,
on any profits, gains, or so that it will read,
" that hereafter there shall be a tax of five per
cent, upon any profits, gains, or income arising
from the bonds," &c. The proposition I make
is this: we have an income tax apparently of
five percent, upon income arising from bonds,
but we do not provide that it shall be collected
anywhere except upon the conscience of the
person holding the bonds. Now it is found
that there is only one tenth of the income
returned, because men can pass the coupons
from hand to hand and nobody knows whose
coupons they are or to whom the money is pay-
able. Now I have offered an amendment to
put the exact tax upon income arising from
bonds as upon all other property in the United
States, and have it honestly collected. The
honest men now do pay ; the dishonest men do
not. Yfe do not get more than $1,500,000
from the interest on bonds now ; we ought to
get §20,000,000, being eight per cent, on the
interest on $2,500,000^000, taking the currency
income. Now, I propose to tax this income at
the source. Let every man who owns a bond
pay his five per cent, precisely as we, when we
go"to our pay-rolls here, get our money with our
five per cent, deducted, and as every other sal-
aried officer or emploj'6 of the United States
gets his money with the income^ tax deducted.
All I desire now is to collect this at the place
where it is payable, and I can see no objection
to it. I move'd the other day to put on a tax
of ten per cent. I think it might be ten per
cent. now. But I want to avoid that question
now. I want simply to provide for the honest
collection of the revenue from income on bonds,
whoever holds them. Now, I shall be met
with this objection: that this will^ collect the
interest on bonds in the hands of foreigneis.
Well, sir, that is precisely what England has
always done, and what precisely we di> now
when we order the income tax to be deducted
from every railroad, caual, or other corpora-
tion bonds by the Treasurer. It was keptbaek
and was put into the act of 1866, whether the
owner is a non-resident alien or citizen. -
Again, sir, with this honest collection of the
tax, there will be a strong inducement for men
to fund their bonds. There is no inducement
now. They escape taxation now, and they
have always escaped it,-and the only effect of
my proposition is to make men or corporations
honestly pay their income tax on these bonds.
Mr. LYNCH. Suppose tho income tax
should be raised to ten per cent., or reduced
to two and a half per cent., then will not this
be a discrimination?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. When
that is done we can alter this. I am speaking
of it as it is now. I do not know what it will
be when it is altered.
[Here the hammer fell.]
MESSAGE FIIOM THE SENATE.
Here the committee rose informally; and the
Speaker having resumed the Chair, a message
from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham, its Secre-
tary, announced that the Senate had agreed to
the report of the second committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the amendments to the bill (S.
No. <^52) to authorize the temporary supplying
of vacancies in the Executive Departments.
MESSAGE ]?B.031 TUB PKESIDENT.
Two messages in writing from the President
of the United States were presented by Mr.
W. G. Moore, his Private Secretary, who also
announced that the President had approved
and signed a bill of the following title :
An act (H. R. No. 202) to create the office
of surveyor general in the Territory of Utah,
to establish a land office in said Territory, and
extend the homestead and preemption laws over
the same.
FUNDING TIIK NATIONAL DEIST.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union then resumed the consideration of
the funding bill.
Mr. ALLISON. I do not think the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] is at all necessary. The
tax now upon all incomes arising from bonds
of the United States and all otliev property
is five per cent. As the section now stands the
tax of five per cent, would be deducted from the
interest on all bonds atthe Treasury. Now the
suggestion of the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Lyxcii] is a very good one, that if we should
reduce the income tax to three per cent, upon
all other classes of incomes, then this would
remain at five per cent., which would be a dis-
criminating tax against the holders of United
States bonds, or if in any emergency we should
raise the tax we would be compelled to amend
this law or discriminate in favor of the holders
of these bonds. The Committee of Ways and
Means simply provide by this section that
whatever tax is charged upon other incomes
shall attach to the income derived from United
States bonds and be deducted from the cou-
pons. It is a flexible section that will apply to
any future law that may be made upon the sub-
ject. 1 yield the remainder of my time to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield. J
Mr. GARFIELD. I rise to oppose the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, and to say that in very adroit language
the gentleman has proposed, and I was sur-
prised that it was not objected to as out of
order, to levy a tax, not au income tax, there
is not a word about an income tax, but to levy
a tax on all bonds.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
stand that.
Mr. GARFIELD. I have the floor.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Look
and see. , .. . . „
Mr. GARFIELD. I object to being inter-
rupted until I have made my statement.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object
to having misstatements made. . . f .
Mr. GARFIELD. It is not a misstatement.
The proposition of the gentleman leads, 1 ho.
