THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill
again, because other business has been done in
the meantime.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to a point of order,
that under the rules the motion to adjourn takes
precedence.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chair is of
opinion that the motion to adjourn takes pre-
cedence of every other motion if it is not with-
drawn.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will withdraw it at the
request of the Senator from Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can afterward renew
the motion to adjourn.
The CHIEF J USTICE. The Senator from
Maine moves that when the Senate sitting as
a court of impeachment adjourns it adjourn
to meet at twelve o'clock on Monday.
Mr. FERRY called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 10, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buekalew, Corbett, Davis, Dixon,
Doolittle, Kcssenden, i'owk-r, Henderson, Johnson,
McCreery, 'Norton, Nye, Patterson of Tennesseo,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, and Viekers—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Cattell, Chand-
ler, Cole, Conklui?, Oonness, Cragin, Drake, Ed-
munds, Ferry, Frelinghuysen, Hendricks, Howard,
Howe, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Patterson of Now Hampshire, Pomeroy, Ross,
Sherman, Spraptue, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Willey,
and Williams—29.
NOT VOTING— Messis. Bayard, Crimes, Ilarlan,
Morton, Ramsey, Saulsbury, Tipton, Wade, and
Y ates—9.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
sitting for this trial adjourn.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator from
Vermont moves that the Senate sitting as a
court of impeachment adjourn until to-morrow
at twelve o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
Satuhday, April 4, 1808.
The Chief Justice of the United States en-
tered the Senate Chamber at twelve o'clock and
took the chair.
The usual proclamation having been made
by the Sergeant-at-Arms,
The Managers of the impeachment on the
part of the House of Representatives appeared
and took the seats assigned them.
The counsel fortherespondentalso appeared
and took their seats.
The presence of the House of Representa-
tives was next announced, and the members
of the House, as in Committee of the Whole,
headed by Mr. E. B. Washhurne, the chair-
man of that committee, and accompanied by
the Speaker and Clerk, entered the Senate
Chamber, and were conducted to the seats pro-
vided for them.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the minutes of the last day's proceedings.
The Secretary read the Journal of the pro-
ceedings of the Senate yesterday sitting for the
trial of the impeachment.
The CHIEF J L'STLGE. Gentlemen Man-
agers, you will please to proceed with your evi-
dence. The Senators will please to give their
attention.
L. L. Walbtudck sworn and examined.
By Mr. Manager Butler:
Question,. What is your business?
Answer. Short-hand writer.
Question. How long have you been engaged
in that business?
Answer. Nearly ten years.
Question. Have you had during that time
any considerable experience ; and if so, how
much in that business?
Answer. Yes, sir; I have had experience
during the whole of that time in connection
with newspaper reporting and outside.
Question. Reporting for courts?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. With what papers have you been
lately connected?
Answer. More recently with the Missouri
Democrat ; previous to that time with the Mis-
souri Republican.
Question. Do the names of those papers
indicate their party proclivities, or are they
reversed ?
Answer. They are the reverse.
Question. The Democrat, means Republican,
and the Republican means Democrat ?
Answer. Exactly.
Question. To what paper were you attached
on or about the 8th of September, 1800?
Answer. The Missouri Democrat.
Question. Did you report a speech delivered
from the balcony of the Southern Hotel in St.
Louis by Andrew Johnson ?
Answer. I did.
Question. What time in the day was that
speech delivered ?
Answer. Between eight and nine o'clock in
the evening.
Question. Was there a crowd in the streets?
Answer. Yes, sir, there was, and on the
balcony also.
Question. Where were you?
Answer. I was on the balcony, within two
or three feet of the President while he was
speaking.
Question. Where were the rest of the presi-
dential party?
Answer. I cannot tell you.
Question. Were they there ?
Answer. I have no recollection of seeing
any of the party on the balcony.
Question. Did the President come out to
answer a call from the crowd in the street
apparently?
Answer. Yes, sir, I judge so ; I know there
was a very large crowd in the street in front
of the hotel, and there were continuous cries
for the President, and in response to those
cries 1 supposed he came forward.
Question. Ilad he been received in the city
by a procession of the various charitable socie-
ties ?
Answer, lie had during the afternoon been
received by the municipal authorities.
Question. Had the mayor made him an
address of welcome?
Answer. He had.
Question. Had he answered that address?
Answer. He had.
Question. Did you take a report of that,
speech ?
Answer. I did.
Question. How fully?
Answer. I took every word.
Question. After it was taken, how soon was
it written out?
Answer. Immediately.
Question. How was it written out?
Answer. At my dictation.
Question. By whom?
Answer. The first part of the speech previous
to the banquet was written out in one of the
rooms of the Southern Hotel. That occupied
about half an hour, I think. We then attended
the banquet, at which other speeches were
made. Immediately after the conclusion of
the banquet we went to the Republican office
and there I dictated the speech to Mr. Mona-
han and Mr. McHenry, two attaches of the
Republican.
Question. You have spoken of a banquet;
was there a banquet given to the President and
his suite by the eity?
Answer. There was at the Southern Hotel,
immediately after the speech on the balcony.
Question. At that banquet did the President
speak ?
Answer. He made a very short address.
Question. And there was other speaking
there, I presume.
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. After that speech was written out
was it published ?
Answer. It was.
Question. When?
Answer. On the very next morning, in the
Sunday Republican.
Question. After it was published did you
revise the publication by your notes?
Answer. I did.
Question. How soon?
Answer. Immediately after the speech was
printed in the Sunday morning Republican I
went to the Democrat office in company with
my associate, Mr. Edmund T. Allen, and we
very carefully revised the speech for the Mon-
day morning Democrat.
Question. Then it was on the same Sunday
that you made the revision ?
Answer. Yes, sir; the Sunday after the
speech.
Question. When you made the revision had
you your notes?
Answer. I had.
Question. State whether you compared the
speech as printed with those notes?
Answer. Yes, sir; I did at that time, and
since.
Question. When you compared it did you
make any corrections that were needed, if any
were needed?
Answer. My recollection is that there were
one or two simple corrections, errors either in
transcribing or on the part of the printer. That
is all that I remember in the way of corrections
of the speech.
Question. Did you afterward have occasion
to revise that speech with your notes?
Answer. I had.
Question. When was that?
Answer. I think that was little over a year
aS°- .
Question. v\ hat occasion calledyou to revise
it with your notes a little over a year ago?
Answer. I was summoned here by the Com-
mittee on the New Orleans Riots, and imme-
diately after receiving the summons I hunted
up my notes and again made a comparison
with them of the printed speech.
Question. How far did that second compari-
son assure you of corrections ?
Answer. It was perfectly correct.
Question. Now, in regard to particularity of
reporting ; were you enabled to report so cor-
rectly as to give inaccuracies of pronunciation
even ?
Answer. Yes, sir. I did so in that instance.
Question. Where are your original notes now ?
Answer. I cannot tell you, sir. I searched
for them immediately after I was summoned
here, but failed to tind them.
Question. You had them up to the time you
were examined before the committee on the
New Orleans riot?
Answer. I had, and brought them with me
here, but I have no recollection of them since
that time.
Question. Have you a copy of that paper?
Answer. 1 have.
Question. Will you produce it?
[The witness produced a newspaper, being
the Missouri Democrat of Monday, September
10, I860.]
Question. Is this it?
Answer. It is.
Question. From your knowledge of the man-
ner in which you took the speech, and from
your knowledge of the manner in which you
corrected it, state whether you are now enabled
to say that this paper which 1 hold in my hand
contains an accurate report of the speech of
the President delivered on that occasion?
Answer. Yes, sir; I am enabled to say it is
an accurate report.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I propose, if there
is no objection, to offer this in evidence, and
also if there is objection.
Mr. EVARTS. Before that is done let us
cross-examine this witness.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Certainly.
Cross-examined by Mr. Eyaets :
Question. I understand that you took down,
as from the President's mouth, the entire
speech, word for word, as he delivered it ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. In the transcript from your notes
and in this publication did you preserve that
form and degree of accuracy and complete-
ness? Is it all the speech?
Answer. It is the whole speech.
Question. No part of it is condensed or para-
phrased ?
