114Q
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 13^
662.) Then again he says, citing Hawkins,
Blaekstone, Bast, and Iiussell, all familiar
names in our courts, each aa oracle:
"The doctrine of misprision, as now understood
may be stated as follows: to m^ke a man liable fora
crime committed through the physical volition of
another, his own will must, in some degree, concur
in, or contribute to the crime. But when it is treason,
or Jelony, and. he stands by while it is done, without
using the means xn his poioej• to prevent it, though his
tout concurs Jiof in it} or when he knows of its having
been m hi* absence committed, but neither makes dis-
closure of tt to the authorities, nor does anything to
bring the offender to punishment—the law holds him
guilty oi a breach of the duty due from every man to
the commumtywherein he dwells and the Govern-
ment which protects him."—Bishop, Criminal Law,
vol. I. sec. 6d5.
I adduce these authorities in order to show
that, by the common lap, as illustrated by some
of its best names, Mr. Thomas is beyond all
question an offender. Clearly he did not use
"the means in his power" to prevent the trea-
son of his son; nor did he " make disclosure of
it to the authorities," according to the received
rule of law.
But the statutes of the United States leave
us no room for doubt or indulgence. Accord-
ing_ to the precise text, the present case is
anticipated and provided for. The statute of
crimes adopted in 1790, at the beginning of the
national Government, after declaring the pun-
ishment of treason, proceeds to declare the
punishment of "misprision of treason" as
follows:
1' That if ani/ person or persons having knowledge of
the commission of any of the treasons aforesaid shall
conceal and not as soon as may be disclose and make
known the same to the President of the United States
or some one of the judges thereof or to the President
or Governor of a particular State or some one of the
judgos or justices thereof, such person or persons on
conviction shall be adjudged guilty of misprision of
treason, and shall be imprisoned not exceeding seven
years and fined not exceeding $1,000."—1 Statutes-at-
Large, page 112.
Apply these plain words to the present case.
Nobody can doubt that Mr.' Thomas "had
knowledge" of the treason- of his son; and
having this knowledge failed "to disclose and
make known the same" to the President of the
United States or the other proper authorities.
Abraham Lincoln was at the time President.
There is no pretense that the father communi-
cated the crime of the son to this patriot magis-
trate, nor to any other loyal officer by whom
he could have been arrested! Therefore,
beyond all question, on the facts of the case,
the father is guilty under the statute, and liable
to seven yeaxs of imprisonment and a fine of
$1,000. And now, instead of seven years'
of imprisonment and a fine of $1,000, it is pro-
posed to give him six years of trust and honor,
as a Senator of the United States, with an
annual allowance of $5,000.
According to the old law, the indictment
against Mr. Thomas would allege, that, "not
having the fear of God before his eyes, but
being moved and seduced by the instigation
of the devil," he perpetrated his crime. And
now with this crime unatoned for, he comes
hero, to ask your support and countenance.
We are to forget all that he did, " moved and
seduced" by evil instigation, and welcome him
to this Chamber, instead of handing him over
to judgment.
It is treating this case with a levity, which
it is hard to pardon, when Senators argue that
the father was not under obligations^ to exer-
cise all the paternal power in restraint of his
son, or at least in denouncing him to the proper
authorities. What is patriotism? What is the
sacred comprehensive charity of country, if a
father can be blameless after such a license to
Id's son? The country was another mother to
this son, and he went away to strike this mother
on the bosom. There is a case in antiquity,
which illustrates the solemn duty of the lather
at least to detain the son. I quote from Sal-
lust. This remarkable writer, in his history of
the Catalinarian conspiracy, tells us that there
were many not enlisted in the conspiracy who
went out to join Cataline; that among these was
A. Fulvius, the son of a Senator ; and the histo-
rian adds without comment that the father when
hisson was brought back ordered him to beslain.
Mtere tamen extra conjurationem complures,
qui ad Catalinam profeeti sunt; in his A. Ful-
vius, Senatoris films; <{uem retraclum ex itin-
ere parens recari jumt. (Cataline, cap. 39.)
Humanity rejects the barbarous exercise of the
paternal power according to the Roman law;
but patriotism may find even in this example
a lesson of paternal duty. The American
father should not have slain his son; but he
should have kept him from joining the ene-
mies of his country. This requirement of
duty was none the less strong because not en-
forced by death. I utter not only the rule of
patriotism, but the rule of law when I say that
it was positive and peremptory. I will not
admit that an American citizen can be blame-
less who dismisses a son from the paternal
roof, with money in his purse to make war
upon his country. All that the son did after-
ward, all that the son sought to do became
the act of the father who sent him forth on his
parricidal errand. The father's treason was
continued and protracted in the treason of the
son.
In making this contribution to the rebellion,
the act of the father was enhanced by his emi-
nent position. He had held a seat in the Cab-
inet, binding him more than any common citi-
zen to the most watchful allegiance and giving
to what he did peculiar importance. A soldier
contributed to the rebellion by such a person
was a startling event. It was aid and comfort,
countenance and encouragement of far-reach-
ing significance. It was a hostile act, directly
injurious to his country and of evil example,
the influence of which no man can measure.
How many others were weakened in loyalty by
this parricidal act, who can tell?' When the
citizen, who has enjoyed public trust and been
a "pillar of State" gives way, others about
him must fall likewise. So great a parricide
must cause other parricides.
And now this father, who gave a son to the
rebellion, comes into this sanctuary of the Con-
stitution, where loyalty is the first condition
of admission, and asks for a seat. Immo in
senatum venii. Is there not hardihood in the
application? Of course, he cannot be admitted
without your act having an influence propor-
tioned to the importance of the position. It
will be felt everywhere throughout the country.
Admit him and you will unloose the bonds of
loyalty and give a new license to the rebellion
in its protracted struggle. On the contrary if
you send him away, you will furnish a warning
to the disloyal, and teach a lesson of patriot-
ism which will thrill the hearts of good citizens
now anxiously watching for peace and recon-
ciliation through the triumph of loyalty.
I speak this positively, because on this case
I see no doubt. The facts are indisputable,
and over all towers one supreme act of parri-
cide, for which there can be no excuse or apol-
ogy. Asoldierwas contributed to the enemies
of his country. There is no question of mo-
tive. The parricidal act was complete, and it
explains itself. There is no doubt that it was
done. In the presence of such an act, so
absolutely criminal, there can be no room for
inquiry as to the motive. All this I put aside
and look only at the transcendent fact, in which
all pretense of innocence is so entirely lost and
absorbed that it cannot be seen. As well seek
to find a motive if a son struck at the bosom
of his mother. The law supplies the motive
when it says in its ancient phrase, "moved
and seduced by the instigation of the devil."
Some there are who doubt the motive of the
father and claim for him now the benefit of that
doubt. Even if the motive of this criminal acl
were in question, as I insist that it cannot be,
then do 1 say, that, in a case like this, when dis-
loyalty is to be shut out of this Chamber, I give
the benefit of doubt to my country.
There is another voice which sometimes
reaches me. We are told that if the applicant
be disloyal, then we may expel him. For my-
self, I prefer to take no such risk. Viewing the
case as I do, I have ns right to take any such
risk. Disloyalty must be met at the door and
not allowed to enter in. The old verses, more
than once repeated in our public discussions
are applicable now; never more so:
"I hear a lion in the lobby roar!
Say, Mr. Speaker, shall we shut the door
And keep liim out, or shall we let him in
And See if we eaa get him oat again 1
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President,, to all
that has been so eloquently said by the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts as to the necessity of
keeping from these Halls all disloyalty and all
disloyal persons I fully assent. _ But, sir, that,
it seems to me, is not the question under con-
sideration at the present moment. I am not
aware that there is any testimony or any accu-
sation of present disloyalty against the Senator-
elect from the State of Maryland. If there
were, and a case were made out, of doubt even,
as to his present loyalty, I should agree with
the Senator from Massachusetts that he ought
not to be permitted to take a seat here; but
there is no evidence before the Senate upon
that subject. And if he is to be excluded from
his seat here it is because he does not possess
the qualifications required by the Constitution
of the United States or the laws which have
been passed in pursuance thereof. We are
not here passing upon the confirmation of a
person nominated to office ; the Senate is not
now in the exercise of its jurisdiction as a part
of the appointing power to determinewho shall
fill the offices under the United States; but we
are passing upon the right to a seat of a per-
son who has been elected as a Senator by one
of the States of this Union. He may not be
such a man as we would have selected ; cer-
tainly he is not such a one as I"wish the State
of Maryland had selected; but it belongs to
the State of Maryland to be represented upon
this floor by whomsoever she pleases, so that
she sends here a man possessing the qualifica-
tions which the Constitution of the country
requires and elected in pursuance of the laws
passed under and by virtue of the Constitution.
Now, sir, I do not know that I shall bring
anything new to the consideration of this ques-
tion ; the ground has been gone over; and I
should have said nothing in regard to the case
but that I am one of the members of the Judi-
ciary Committee, to whom the subject was
referred, and I have felt it incumbent on me, as
one of the committee who investigated the ease,
to state, as I shall very briefly, the considerations
which will control my vote on the present
occasion.
It is not pretended that Mr. Thomas does
not possess the qualifications of age and citi-
zenship and inhabitancy required by the Con-
stitution of the United States. It is not alleged
that he has not been duly elected by the Legis-
lature of the State of Maryland. Why, then,
is he not entitled to take his seat on taking the
oaths prescribed by the Constitution and by
law ? He is entitled to take it if he can truth-
fully take the oaths which havebcen prescribed:
and I agree again with the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts that if he cannot, in our opinion.,
truthfully take the oath required by the law
of 1862 we ought not to sit by and allow him
to subscribe and take it.
Sir, what is that oath? It was enacted on
the 2d of July, 1802, after considerable debate
and considerable opposition in Congress. It
was enacted for the purpose of keeping out of
these Chambers persons engaged in rebellion,
engagedm armed hostility to the United States,
m an effort to overthrow the Government. It
seemed to me, and it seemed to Congress, that
it was preposterous that any man should come
here to legislate for the United States and take
an _oaA to support the Constitution of the
united btates who was engaged in an effort to
overthrow and disrupt the Onion-. Now, what
does the law require? It requires that the
party shall swear that he has " never volun-
untarily borne arms against the United States
since he has been a citizen thereof"—it is uot
pretended that Mr. Thomas has—that "lhave
voluntarily given no aid, countenance, counsel,
