2170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2$,
* ^1 i -SO N. of Iowa. Then I cannot
yield.
Now, sir, the House of Representatives lias
not, in the passage of this bill, moved one step
beyond the line of power recognized by the
Supreme' Court of the United States. In 5
Wallace I find a decision made in the ease of
Insurance Company vs. Ritchie, the opinion
being delivered by the Chief Justice, all the
judges concurring, in which this doctrine is
held:
_ " The case before us is a case under the act of 1864.
It is a case of which, because of the fact that the ap-
peuants and appellees are citizensof thesamo State,
we have no jurisdiction except under the act of 1833:
and the act of 1866 declares that the act of 1833 shall
n<>p be construed so as to apply to such a case.
. .1S ®<iuivalent to a repeal of an act giving
jurisdiction of a pending suit; it is an express pro-
u n e,x?rciso of the jurisdiction conferred
by the act of 1833 in cases arising uuder the internal
revenue laws.
" It is clear that when the jurisdiction of a causo
depends upon a statute the repeal of the statuto
takes away the jurisdiction ; and it is equally clear
that where a jurisdiction conferred by statuto is pro-
hibited by a subsequent statute the prohibition is
so far a repeal of tho statute conferring the jurisdic-
tion."
The principle here recognized of the power
of Congress to divest a court of jurisdiction,
and thus arrest the progress of cases pending,
supports fully our power to pass this bill;
and no one has or will seriously question it.
The jurisdiction given to the court by the act
of February 5, 1867, is the law of the remedy
in and for cases coming within its provisions.
We established it aud may demolish it; we
passed the act and may repeal it, or any part
thereof. If the McCardle case falls the coun-
try may have escaped the danger of another
political decision by a majority of the Supremo
Court. I do uot know how this may be, but I
I do know that in all this thing we have fol-
lowed aud are following strictly our constitu-
tional power. We have kept within its lines
as defined by the Supreme Court. We are
exercising 110 doubtful power whatever, and its
exercise in this instance is for a rightful, just,
and proper purpose. The passage of this bill
will give relief to the court and advance the
interests of many waiting suitors, whose causes
have been delayed by the persistent efforts
which have been made to induce tho court
to enter upon political questions involved in
the reconstruotion legislation of Congress. It
springsfrom higher considerations than those
of hostility toward the court.
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman cannot hope
that the majority of this House, possessing
the legislative power of the Government with
the majority in the Senate, will yield, on any
misconstruction of law or any political subter-
fuge, the right to settle into a condition of
peace and repose this country, reorganize the
rebel States upon just, firm, and abiding found-
ations, and restore them to the Union. I de-
mand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded—ayes
80, noes 80.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays on ordering the main question, as this is
the only opportunity we have to vindicate our
right to debate.
Mr. WOODWARD. Does not the Consti-
tution require the vote to be taken by yeas and
nays 1
The SPEAKER. Only on the final passage.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The questiou was taken; and it was decided ,
in the affirmative—yeas 111, nays 34, not voting
44 ; as follows : 1
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Arnell.Delos K. I
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baker, Baldwin, i
Banks, Beaman, Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Bine- '
ham, Blaine, Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall, Buck-
land, Cake, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Chirke, Coburn,Oook,Covode,Oullom, Dawes, Dixon,
Drisgs, Eckley, Eggleston, Eliot, Farnsworth, Fer-
riss, Berry-, Fields, Gravely, Halsey, Hill, Hooper,
Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard, Ilulburd, Hunter,
Ingersoil, Jenekes, Judd, Julian, Keliey, Kolsey,
Ketcham, Kitchen, Koomz, Laflin, William Law-
rence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Mallory, Maynard,
MfClurg, Mereur, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Mor-
reil. Mulliiis, Myers, Neweomb, O'Neill, Orth, Paine,
l'erham, Peters, 1'iko, Pile, Plants, Poland, Polslcy,
Price, Raum, Sawyer, Schenek, Scofield, Selye,
Shanks, Smith, Spalding, Aaron F. Stevens, 'l'had-
dcus Stevens, Taffe, Taylor, Thomas, John Trim-
ble, Twichell,Upson, Burt Van Horn, Robert X. Van
Horn, Van Wyck, Ward, CadwaladerC. Washburn,
ElihuB. Washburne, William B. Washburn, Wolker,
Ihomas Williams, James F. Wilson. John X. Wilson,
Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—111.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axteli, Barnes,
Beck, Brooks, Burr, Cary, Chanler, Kldridge, Fox,
Getz, Glossbrennor, Golladay, Holman, Hotchkiss,
Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Johnson, Kerr,
Knott, Marshall, Mungen, Niblack, Nicholson,
Pruyn, Ross, Sitgreaves, Stone, Taber, Lawrence S.
Xrimble.VanAuken.Van Trump, and Woodward—34.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Barnum, Blair,
Boyer, Butler, Cobb, Cornell, Bodge. Donnelly, Eia,
Finney,Garfield,Griswold, Grover.IIaight, Harding,
Hawkins, Higby, Asahel W. Ilubbaid, Jones, George
V. Lawrence, Loughridge, Lynch, Marvin, McCar-
thy, MeCormiek, McCullough, Morgan, Morrissey,
Nuun, Phelps, Pomeroy, Randall, Robertson, Rob-
inson, Sheila barker, Starkweather, Stewart, Stokes,
Trowbridge, Van Aernam, Henry D. Washburn, Wil-
liam Williams, and Wood—44.
So the main question was ordered.
During tho roll-call,
Mr. O'NEILL said: My colleague, Mr. Ran-
dall, is paired with Mr. Cornell ; the former
would have voted " no" and the latter "ay."
Mr. PRUYN. My colleague, Mr. Wood, has
been called away by illness in his family ; if
here he would vote m the negative.
Mr. WOODWARD. My colleague, Mr.
Boyer, is absent; he would have recorded his
vote in the negative.
Mr. SITGREAVES. My colleague, Mr.
Haicht, is absent on account of illness; he
would have voted "110."
Mr. FOX. My colleagues, Mr. Robinson
and Mr. Morrisslv, are detained from the
House on account of illness; they would have
voted against the bill if here.
Mr. MAYNARD. My colleagues, Mr.
Stokes and Mr. Nl.nn, are absent; if here
they would vote in favor of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The question, under the
Constitution,is, "Willthe House 011reconsider-
ation agree to the passage of the bill?" The
questiou will be taken by yeas and nays.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 114, nays 31, not voting 41; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Ames, Anderson, Arnell, Delos R.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baker, Baldwin,
Banks, Beaman, Beatty, Benjamin, Ben ton, Bingham,
Blaine, Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland,
Cake, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
kins,Chester 1).Hubbard,Ilulburd, Hunter,Ingersoll,
Jenekes, Judd, Julian, Keliey, Kelsey, Ketcham,
Kitchen, Koontz, Latlm, William Lawrence, Lincoln,
Loan, Logan, Loughridgo, Mallory, Maynard, Mc-
Ciurg, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell,
Mullins, Myers, Neweomb,O'Neill, Oith, Paine, Per-
liam, Peters, Pike, Pile, Plants,Poland, Polsley, Pom-
eroy, Priee, Raum, Sawyer, Schenek, Seoiield, Selyo,
Shanks, Smith, Spalding, Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus
Stevens, Talle, Taylor, Thomas, John Xrimble,
Twichcll, Upson, Burt Van Horn, Robert X. Van Horn,
Van Wyck, Ward, CadwaladertJ. Washburn, ElihuB.
Washburne, William B. Washburn, Welker, Thomas
Williams, JamesF. Wilson, John X.Wilson, Stephen
F. Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—114.
NAYS — Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axteli, Barnes,
Beck, Brooks, Burr, Cary, Chanler, Eld?Hge, Fox,
Getz, Glossbrenner, Golladay, Hoiman, Hotchkiss,
Richard 1). Hubbard, Humphrey, Johnson, Kerr,
Knott, Marshall, MeCormiek, Mungen, Niblack,
Nicholson, Pruyn, Ross, Sitgreaves, Stone, Taber,
Lawrence S. Trimble, VanAuken, and W oodward—31.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Barnum, Blair,
Boyer, Butler,Cobb,Cornell, Donnelly, Bla, Finney,
Garfield, Griswold, Grover, Haight, Harding, Haw-
kins, Higby, Asahel W. Hubbard, Jones, George V.
Lawrence, Lynch, Marvin, McCarthy, McCullough,
Morgan, Morrissey, Nuun, Phelps, Randall, Robert-
son, Robinson, Shellabarger, Starkweather, Stewart,
Stokes, Trowbridge, Van Aernam, Van Trump, llenry
D. Washburn, William Williams, and Wood—41.
The SPEAKER. Two thirds having voted
in the affirmative, and it having been certified
to the House that the Senate, on a similar recon-
sideration, have, by a two-thirds vote, agreed
to thepassageof the bill, I do, by the authority
of the Constitution of the United States, de-
clare that notwithstanding the objections of the
President the bill (S. No. 213) to amend an act
entitled "An act to amend the judiciary act,
passed the 24th of September, 178'J," has be-
come a law.
During the roll-call,
Mr. HUNTER said: My colleagues, Messrs.
Williams and Washburn are absent on leave.
If they were here they would votei"ay."
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky, said-: My col-
league, Mr. Jokes, is paired with Mr. Harding ;
if here he would vote "no."
appropriation's for indian department.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the amendment of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 819) making a partial appropria-
tion for the expenses of the Indian Depart-
ment and for fulfilling treaty stipulations.
Mr. BLAINE. I move that the amendment
of the Senate be referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. WINDOM. 1 move that it be referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
'Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to reserve the
point of order on that amendment, that it must
have its first consideration in Committee of the
Whole.
The SPEAKER. That point of order can
be raised when the amendment shall be reported
back to the House. An appropriation bill can
be considered in the House so far as referring
it to a committee is concerned.
Mr. HOLMAN. I only desired to make the
point of order in time.
Mr. BLAINE. This is a regular appropria-
tion bill. It came from the Committee on
Appropriations, and it ought to be referred to
that committee.
Mr. WINDOM. Are remarks in order on
the motion to refer?
The SPEAKER. The motion is debatable.
Mr. WINDOM. I desire to say that I am
aware that this is an appropriation bill, and I
am at the same time aware that it is an appro-
priation bill the design of which is to change
the entire Indian system, and that being the
case it seems to me that it is very proper that
it should be referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
I desire to say further, that I believe a very
injurious usage has grown up in this House;
I do not expect to correct it, but I have an
opportunity of calling attention to it and I
desire to embrace that opportunity. Now, I
believe it is the rule in the .Senate that all ap-
propriation^ bills are, by courtesy, referred to
the appropriate committees. For instance 
Mr. BLAINE. Not all.
Mr. WINDOM. I know they do go to those
committees.
Mr. BLAINE. Not at all. The gentleman
is entirely mistaken in regard to the proceed-
ings of the Senate. No such rule prevails there.
Mr. WINDOM. I do not know what the
rule is, but I know that by courtesy all appro-
priation bills go before the appropriate com-
mittees and are examined. The Post Office
Committee^ has an opportunity of examining
and proposing amendments in committee to the
Post Office appropriation bill; and the same of
the military committee, and the naval commit-
tee, and throughout the entire list of commit-
tees.
Mr. BLAINE. Allow me to correct the
gentleman. What he has got into his head is
this: when an appropriation bill is pending in
the Senate the appropriate committees may
move amendments thereto, because the rule of
the Senate requires that an amendment to an
appropriation bill must be recommended by the
committee to which the subject appertain?, and
it is not in order, as here, for an individual
member on his own responsibility to move an
amendment.
^ Mr. A\IND0M. I think I am not mistaken
m the idea that there is such a usage fn the
Senate, that by courtesy all these different ap-
propriation bills are examined by their appro-
priate committees. Now, that opportunity is
entirely denied in the House. 1 say nothing
against oiir Committee on Appropriations 5 itis
a very wise^ and proper committee. But the
Appropriation Committee of this House has
absorbed all the business of the House, so far
as appropriations are concerned. That, per-
haps? would not be so objectionable if the bills
