3194
of circulation, and here is their $1,000,000
of deposits, all liable to be called upon at a
moment's notice ; all must be redeemed, if
called upon, by drafts on New York: they are
compelled to keep large balances there. A
w -S1\00()>0°0 of deposits and
*1,000,000 ot circulation is compelled,in order
«" nn nnn 8 "J® °,ondition> to keep at least
SoOO.OOO constantly on an average on deposit
m the eastern cities.
I he banks in those cities are anxious to pay
four per cent, interest upon this reserve fund,
it amounts to an enormous sum. I have on
my desk a statement that the average amount
ttie year around is over seventy-three million
dollars, I hey are anxious to pay four oer
cent., and why? Because the average amount
ior which they loan these reserve funds is six
percent, and upward. They make not only
the tour per cent., they pay, but they make fifty
per cent, additional upon the four per cent,
they pay; the average is Over six per cent, and
has been for the last six years, and will be for
the six years to come.
^ As I stated a short time ago, the proposition
itself is atrocious, because here are the heavi-
est banks in the United States, and the most
reliable, standing ready to pay four per cent,
and anxious to do it; but yousay tljat if banks
who are forced to make these deposits receive
that four per cent, on them they shall im-
mediately go into bankruptcy. Mr. Presi-
dent, this first section is and should be desig-
nated a croposition to swindle the whole people
of the Luited States for the benefit of a few
banks and bankers in the three great cities of
the United Stales.
Mr. President, if this section is to pass, I
propose to offer an amendment, and I will read
it now, but i will not offer it. I do not propose
that these rich banks and bankers, these few
individuals in the three great cities, shall enrich
themselves at the expense of the entire people
of the United States. These little banks, these
seventeen hundred banks scattered all over the
United States are in the habit of paying the
fourper cent, which they receive in New York
for trust funds and court funds and other
funds that lie there permanently. Strike off
the possibility of their receiving that four per
cent, and they will refuse to pay the four per
cent.; therefore you are robbing not the banks,
but the trust funds and the widows' and orphans'
funds all over the nation. If this section is
not stricken out, 1 shall, after the vote is taken,
offer an amendment which 1 will read now, but
do not yet offer. It is made by this first sec-
tion the duty of the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency to see that this act is observed, and 1
propose to put in after "observed" the fol-
lowing proviso:
Provided, Thatitshall be unlawful for any nn tkm:;.l
bank or banking association in tlie cities of ]STew
York, Philadelphia,, or Boston, receiving deposits
from national banks as provided in this section, to
loan any portion of their deposits; nnd it is to be
nmde the duty of the Comptroller oiHhe Currency to
see that this proviso is enforced; and uponvioiation
thereof by any national bank or banking assumption
lie is to be authorized and required to proceed, as in
other cases of default, to appoint a receiver and wind
up the affairs of such association, according to the
provisions of section fifty of said act
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J une 16,
If yott prohibit them from paying interest,
. prohibit them from receiving interest. The
banks in these great cities are very differently
situated from the country banks anywhere
throughout the United States. If a bank in
New York or in Boston has to-day $100,000 or
$500,000 over, that it thinks it will not require
for four or five days or for thirty days, its
cashier steps out and says, "I will loan this
surplus for thirty days or five days or one day
for five or six per cent.," and ho will take his
interest for one day or thirty days or sixty days;
but it is not so with the banks throughout the
country. They are compelled io take their
regular business paper in the regular way, and
rely on the receipts from that paper for their
interest account; but in New York, as every-
body well knows, the banks loan to the last
dollar this surplus fund, this seventy odd mil-
lions that continually lie there as a permanent
fund almost. They can tell within $1,000,000 I
any day the amount that will be there, and it !
amounts, I say, to a permanent fund. j
The banking institutions of those great cities
are ready and anxious to pay four per cent. 1
under competition ; but the getters up of this
b'"—I do not believe it was got up in the
Committee on Finance, I do not believe they
would do so unjust a thing; I believe it was
gotten up by a committee from these banks—
not satisfied with receiving two per cent, or
three per cent, excess over the four, want the
whole. Instead of making their $1,500,000,
which that per cent, would give them on the i
seventy odd millions, they want to make six or '
seven per cent, out of it, and defraud the
entire people of the United States to do it. A
beautiful thing it would be if carried !
If the Senate shaH refuse to strike out this
first section, which is in all its phases atro-
cious, then I shall offer and hope to carry this
proviso compelling them that pay no interest
to receive no interest, compelling them to
hold their reserve deposits on hand and not
loan them. What is good for the country
banks is good for them. Let them receive
nothing upon their deposits and pay nothing,
and then they will always be ready to meet
their liabilities. I hope the first section will
be stricken out.
Mr. CAP TELL. Mr. President, I am vcrv
sorry, indeed, to detain the Senate, already
exhausted by a very extensive discussion upon
this bill; and having heretofore, when the sub-
ject was belore the Senate three months ago,
explained my views in regard to the first sec-
tion of this bill, 1 regret being compelled again
to trespass on_the indulgence of the Senate.
But the malicious attack of my friend from
Michigan upon this first section, denominating
it atrocious, which I believe the dictionary
says js the sum of all wickedness, and denounc-
ing it as a swindle upon the people of the
United States, as I am willing to acknowl-
edge the paternity of the section myself, it
seems to me incumbent that I should say a few
words in reply to the assault.
Mr. SPBAGUE. If the Senator will give ,
way, I will submit a motion to adjourn, and he i
can be heard to-morrow on this question. I
move that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust not. We shall
have a vote in afew minutes. ["No." "No."']
_ The PRESlDIiNTjoro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered ; and being taken
resulted—yeas 1G, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Anthony, Buckalcw. Cameron,
Chandler. Uorbctt Crasin, Doolittle, Hendricks,
Howe. MeCrcery. Patterson of Tennessee, Sprague,
Vickers. Wade, Wilson, and Yates—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Cattell. Cole, Conness, Davis Har-
lan. Morgan, Morrill of Maine. Morrill of Vermont
Patterson ot ISlew Hampshire, Sherman, Stewart*
hiumier, Shaver. Tipton, Tiuinbull, Van Winkle!
Willey, and Williams—IK.
ABSENT — Messrs. B/tyard, Conkling, Dixon,
Drake, lidmunds I erry, i'essenden, Fowler. Freling-
huysen, Grimes. Henderson, Uow.ird, Johnson, Mor-
ton Norton . IS ye, Pomeroy, llamsey, Ross, and
baulsbury—20.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. CATfELL. Mr. President, I shall
j detain the Senate but a few minutes on a sim-
l pie explanation of the principles, as I under-
stand them, involved in the first section of the
bill which the Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Chandler] now moves to strike out.
When this bill was under consideration some
two months ago I advocated at some length
the principle contained in this section ; and 1
should not now trouble the Senate further on
the subject but for the malicious attack made
upon this section of the bill by the Senator
from Michigan, who has seen fit to speak of it
as "atrocious," and to call it a swindle. The
simple purpose of the section is to prohibit
the payment of interest, by national banks, on
the deposits or balances pf other national
banks, and thus prevent the indirect use of the
reserve required to be held by all national
banks.
The national currency act provides for the
maintaining in all the national banks of a
given reserve of lawful money, a sum consid-
ered by those who originated the system and
by all who are familiar with the principles of
banking as essential to the safety and security
of all banking operations. Every intelligent
merchant, and every intelligent banker knows
that there must always be held, behind either
his commercial business or his banking opera-
tions a reserve upon which to fall back miter
extraordinary circumstances and upou extraor-
dinary occasions. Before the establishment
of the national banking system in all the com-
mercial cities the clearing-house arrangement
established a rule among themselves requiring
each of the banks connected with the associa-
tion to maintain a given amount of reserve in
lawful money. During the period of specie
payments that reserve was, of course, held in
coin, atfd always in lawful money. So particu-
lar were these associations in regard to this
subject, and so important did they deem 'it,
that they agreed among themselves that reports
made weekly under oath by the officers of each
bank should be submitted to the association in
order to ascertain whether this agreement was
complied with.
In the establishment of the national banking
system this principle of maintaining a reserve,
which is the conservative power of the mon-
eyed interest of the country; just that which
pievents a bank from working up to its maxi-
mum and putting to use its last dollar; just
that which is the safety and security of the
immense business operations of the" country,
was wisely provided for. A skillful and pru-
dent engineer would not carry a pressure upon
a steam boiler up to its maximum capacity.
If he should do soj the slightest accident or
derangement of the machinery would result in
disaster. And your laws wisely limits the pres-
sure which shall be put upon steam machinery
far below what has been found by actual test
to be its maximum capacity.
It is upon that principle, upon the principle
that it is unsafe to work up the whole of the
capital of the country, especially of a country
with a large amount of paper currency, that
this lawful reserve is required to be kept by
the banks of the country. And it is this reserve
that constitutes, in my judgment, the balance-
wheel of our financial system.
In the fixing of this lawful reserve, it was
provided that in the large cities, in the local-
ities where the demand was likely to come in
larger amounts, and where sudden emergencies
are always soonest felt, a reserve of twenty-five
per cent, upon the entire indebtedness of the
banks should be always maintained; and in
order that the currency of the national bank-
ing system should be uniform in its character,
order that it should make a circulating
ifiedium of equal value all over the country, it
was provided in the organization of the system
that the banks in the interior should redeem
their currency at certain commercial centers,
and nineteen cities of the Union were named
as points at some one of which the banks
organized in the interior should maintain a
deposit for the redemption of theircirculation.
In \ tew of the fact that these banks were com-
pelled to redeem at these commercial centers,
the national banking act provided that they
should only be required to maintain in alia
reserve ot fifteen per cent, of their indebted-
ness, making at once a difference of ten per
cent, between the reserve which was required
of the banks in the large commercial cities and
the reserve required of the interior banks—a
discrimination in favor of the latter.
And more than that; the law not only dis-
criminated in favor of the country banks for
this reason, by providing that only fifteen per
cent, should be required of them as a reserve,
but in view of the fact that, for the sake of
establishing a uniform currency, it had been
provided that_ these banks should establish
redemption points in one of these cities, the
law went a step further, and provided thai out
ot the fifteen per cent, of reserve, out of this
lower percentage which was granted for this
