THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
113
your attention to this—if he has served two years;
and $100 if he has seived three year?.
Now, mark you, the colored man that Served 2
years can get his $100 bounty. 13ut the white man
must serve three before he can get his. [Cheers]. But
that is not the point. While they were tickling and
attempting to please the soldiers, by giving them
£50 bounty for two years' service, they took it into
their heads to vote somebody else a bounty, [laughter]
and they voted themselves not $50 for 2 years service;
your attention—I want to make a lodgement in your
minds of the facts because I want to put the nail in,
and having put it in, I want to clinch it on the other
side. [Cheeisj. The brave boys, the patriotic young
men woo followed his gallant officers, slept in the
tented field, and periled his life, and shed his blood,
and left hislmibs behind him and came home mangled
and maimed, eon get $50 bounty, if ho has served 2
years. But the members of Congress, who never
Smelt gunpowder, can get 51,000 extra pay. [Loud
cheering]
This is a faint picture, ray countrymen, of what
has transpired. [A Voice, *' Stick to that question."J
Fellow citizens you are allfamihar with the work ot
restoration. You know that since the rebellion col-
lapsed. since the armies were suppressed on the field,
that everything that could be done has been done
by the executive department of the Government l'oi
the restoration of the Government. Everythiughas
been done with the exception of one thing, and that
is the admission of members from the eleven States
that went into the rebellion. And after having ac-
cepted the terms of the Government, having abol-
ished slavery, having repudiated their debt, and sent
loyal representativ es, everything has been done, ex-
cepting the admission of Representatives which all
the States are constitutionally entitled to [Cheeisj
YVhen you turn and examine the Constitution of the
United States, you can And that you cannot even
amend that Constitution so as to deprive any State
of its equal sufirage m the Senate. [A voice, "They
have never been out."] It is said belore me, " they
have never been out." 1 say so, too and they can-
not go out. [Cheers] That being the fact, under the
Constitution they :ire entitled to equal suffrage in
the Senate of the United States, and no power has
the right to deprive them of it, without violating the
Constitution. [Cheers!. And the same aigument
applies to the IIou-c ot' Representatives.
liow, ttien does the matter stand? It used to be
one of the arguments, that if the States withdrew
their Representatives and Senators, that that was
seee-sion—a peaceable breaking up of the Govern-
ment. Now, tlio Radical power in this Government
turn around and assume that the States arc out of
the Union, that they arc not entitled to representa-
tion iu Congress. [Cheers.] /Thatis to say, they are
dis&olutionists, and their position now is to perpetu-
ate a disruption of the Government, and that, too,
while they are denjing the States the li-rht of repre-
sentation, they impot-e taxation upon them, a prin-
ciple upon which, in the revolution, you resisted the
power ot Gi eat Britain. We deny the rightof taxa-
tion without representation. That is one of our great
principles. Let the Government be restored. I have
lahoredfor it. Now I deny this doctrine of secession,
come from what quaiter it may, whether from the
Noi th or from the South. I am opposed to it. Tain
tor the Union of the States [Voices, "that's right,"
and cheers. j I am tor thirty-six States, remaining
where they are, under tho > Constitution, us your
fathers made it, and handed it down to you. And if
it is altered, or amended, let it be done iu the mode
and manner pointed by that instrument itself, and
in no other. [Cheers.]
I am lor the restorai ion of peace. Let me ask this
people lieie to-night it we have not shed enough
blood: Let me a.-k, are jou piepared to go into an-
otner civil war. Let weask thispeople hereto-night
arc they prepared to set man upon man, anu, in the
name of God. lilt his hand against the ducat of his
iellow. [Voice " Never"J Arc you prepared to see
our fields laid waste again, our business and com-
merce suspended and ail trade stopped. Are you
prepared to s-ee this land a^ain drenched in our
brothers' blood? Heaven avert it, is my prayer.
[Cheers.] I am one of tho.se who believe that man
doessin, and havmgsirmed, i belie\ e hemu&tiepeut.
And, sometimes, having smnedand having repented
makes in m a better man than he wanbcfoie. [Cheei s.j
Iknow it has been said that I have exercised the
pardoning power. Y-<<-s, I have, [Cheers and
" What, nbout-Drakc'sconstitution ?"] Y-a-£, 1 have,
and don't you think it is to prevail ? I reckon i have
pardoned moie men, turned more men loose and set
them at libeity that were imprisoned, I imagine,
than any other living man on God's habitable tjlobc
[Voice, " bully loryou,'' and cheers.] Yes, I turned
l'oi ty-sevon thousand of oar men who civ,m ged in this
struggle, wirh the arms they captured with them,
and who were then in prison, I turned them loose.
[Voice, " bully tor you, old fellow," and laughter.]
Largo numbers have applied for pardon, ami I
have granted them pardon. Yret there are some who
condemn and hold me responsible torso doing wi ong.
Yl>, there aie some who stayed at home, who did not
go into the held on the other side, that can talk about
others being traitors and being treacheious. There
are some who can talk about blood, and vengeance,
and crime, and everything to "make treason odious,"
and all that, who never smelt guupowdcr on either
side. [Cheers] Yes, they can condemn others and
recommend hanging and torture, and all that. It I
have en fd, I have erred on the side of mercy. Some
ot these croakers have dared to assume that they are
better than was the Saviour of men himself—a kind
ot over righteousness-—better than everybody else,
and always wanting to do Deity's work, thinking he
cannot do it as well as they can. [Laughter and
cheers] Yes., the Saviour of man came on the earth
and found the human raeecondemned and sontenced
SrPPJiEMEXT—B.
under the law. But when they repented and believed,
he said, " Let them live." Instead of executing and
putting the world to death, he weut upon the Cross
and there was painfully nailed by these unbelievers
that 1 have spoken of here to-night and there shed
his blood that you and I might live. [Cheersj Think
of it! To exccutc and hang, and putto death eight mil-
lions of people. [Voices, "never"] It is an absurd-
ity, and such a thing is impracticable even if it were
right. But it is the violation ot all law, human and
divine. [Voice, "hang Jeff. Davis."] You call on
Judge Chase to hang Jeff. Davis, will you? [Great
cheering] I am not the Court, I am not the jury, nor
the judge. [Voice, "northo Moses."] Before the
case comes to me, and all other ca«es, it would have
to come on application as a ca.sc tor pardon. That
is the only way the case can get to me. Why don't
Judge Chase—Judge Chase, the Chief Justice of the
United States, in whoso district ho is—why don't he
try him? [Loud cheers.] But, perhaps, I could an-
swer the question; as sometimes persons want to bo
facetious ami indulge in repaitee, I might ask you a
Question, why don t you hang Thad. Stevens and
Wendell Phillips? [Great cheering.] A traitor at
one end of theline is as bad as a traitor at thoother.
I know that there are some who have got their
little pieces and sayings to repeat on public occa-
sions, like pauots, that have been placed in their
mouths by their superiors, who have not the courage
and the manhood to como forwaid and tell them
themselves, but have their undeistrappers to do their
work tor them. [Cheers] 1 know there is some that
talk about this universal elective franchise upon
which they wanted to upturn the government of
Louisiana and institute another; who contended that
we must send men there to control, govern, and man-
age their slave population, because they are incom-
petent to do it themselves. And yet they turn round
when thoyget there and say they are competent to
go to Congress and manage the affairs of State
[Cheers] Beforeyoucommcneo throwingyourstones,
you ought to bo sure you don't live in a glass house.
Thou, why all this clamorl Don't you see, my coun-
trymen it is aquestion of power; and being in power
as they ai e, their object is to perpetuate their power?
lleiice, when you talk about turning any of them out
of olliee. oh, they talk about "hicad and butter."
[Laughter.] Y es, these men are the most perfect and
couiple!e "bread and butter party" that has ever
appealed in thi^ government. [Croat cheering.]
When you make an effort, or struggle to take the
nipple out ot their mouths, how they clamor! They
have staid at home here five or fdx yeais, held the
offices, grown fat, and enjoyed all the emolumcntsof
position; and now, when you ta lk about turning one
of them out, " Oh, it i-> pi use rip turn ;" and hence they
come lorwnrd and propose in Congress to do what?
To pays laws to prevent the Executive from turning
am body out. [ Voice," Vut'oinout."J ilence, don't
you see whar the policy was to be? J believe m the
good old doctrine advocated by Washington, Jeffer-
son, and Madison, of rotation in ojlice.
These people who have been enjuj mg these offices
seem to have lost sight of this dootiine. I believe
that when one set of men have enjoyed the enioiu-
mentsot olhce long enough, they should let another
poition of the people have a chance.t [Ciicots]
How are these men to be got out— [Voice, "Kick
'em out." Cheeis and laughter] unless your Execu-
tive can put them, unless you can icacli them
through the President? Congress savs ho shall not
turn them out. and thev are irying to pass laws to
prevent it beingdouc. Well,let me say to youif you
will stand by me in this action [Cheeisj if you will
stand by mo in tning to give the people a lair
chanec, soldiers, and citizens, to participate in those
office*, God being willimr, 1 wiU "kick them out"
ju.-t us fast as T can. [Gieatehcering ] Let me say
to jou ill concluding, what 1 have said, and [ in-
tended to say but little, but was provoked into this
lathei than otherwise, I euro not for tiie menaces,
the taunts and jeers, I care not for the threats; 1
do not intend to be bullied by my enemies nor ov<>i -
awed by my friends [cheers]; but, (rod willing with
your help, 1 will veto their mea-ures whenever they
come io me. [Cheers.] I place myself upon the ram-
parts of the Constitution, and when I see the enemy
approaching, no long as 1 have eyes to see, or cars to
hear, or a tongue to sound the alarm, so help meGo-l,
I will doit and call upon the people to be mv judges.
[Cheer.-.] I tell you here to-night that the Constitu-
tion of the countiyis being enchroached upoq. 1
tell you here to-night that the citadel of libeity is
being endangered. [A voice—"Go it, Andy."J
1 say to you then, go to work; toko the constitu-
tion a- your palladium of civil religious liberty: take
it as our chief ark of safety. Jn-t let me ask you
here to-iiifflit to cling to the Constitution in this
gieat struggle for freedom, and lor it* preservation,
as the ship-.vrecked manner clingsfo the mastwhen
I the midnight tempest closes around him. [Cheer.]
I So far asmy publichfc hasbccn advanced, the people
of Missouri, as weil as of other States, know that my
i efforts have been de\oted in that direction which
I would ameliorate and ele\ ate the intei estsof theerre.i t
i mats otthe people. [Voice: "'Chat's so " I Why, where's
! tii e speech, w here's the vote to be got of mine.butwhat
ha- always had a tendency to elevate the groat work-
ins clashes of the people? [Cheersj When they
i talk about tyranny and despotism, where's one act
i 0f Andrew Johnson's that ever encroached upon the
I rights of a tieeman in this land? But because 1 have
' stood as a faithful sentinel upon the watch tower of
' freedom to sound the alarm, hence all this traduction
j and detraction that has been heaped upon me.
! [" Bully for Andy Johnson"]
i X now, then, in conclusion, my countrymen, hand
| over to you the flag of your country with thirty-six
> stars upon it. I hand over to you your constitution
1 with the charge and responsibility of preserving it
.1 intact. I hand over to you to-night tho Union of
these States, the great magic circle which embrace
them all. I hand them all over to you, the people,
in whom I have always trusted in all great eiucr-
fencies—questions which are of such vital interest—
hand them over to you as men who can rise above
party, who can stand around the altar ot a com-
mon country with their faces upturned to heaven,
swearing by Him that lives forever and over that the
altar and all shall sink in the dust, but that the con-
stitution andthe Union shall be preserved. Let us
stand by the union of these States, let us fight ene-
mies of tho Government, come from what quarter
they may. My stand has been taken. Yott under-
stand what my position is, and in parting with you
now, leave the Government in your hands, with the
confidence I have always had that tho people will
ultimately rediess all wrongs and set the Govern-
ment right. Then, gentlemen, in conclusion, for the
cordial welcome you have given me'in this great city
of the Northwest, whose destiny no one can foretell.
Now, [Voice: "Three cheers for Johnson,"] then, in
bidding you good night. I leave all in your charge,
and thank you for the cordial welcome you have
given me in this spontaneous outpouring of the peo-
ple of your city."
Joseph A. Dear sworn and examined.
By Mr. Manager Butler :
Question. What is your business?
•Answer. Journalist.
Question. How long has that been your
business?
Answer* Five years.
Question. Can you report speeches made?
Answer. I am a short-hand writer as well.
Question. Did you join the presidential party
when it went to St. Louis, via Cleveland?
Answer. I did at Chicago on the 6th of Sep-
tember, 18GG, I believe.
Question. Were you with the presidential
party at St. Louis?
Answer. 1 was.
Question. Did you take a report of any of
the speeches made there?
Answer. I reported all the speeches made
there.
Question. For what paper were you report-
ing?
Answer. I was with the party as the corre-
spondent of the Chicago Republican. I made
the reports for the St. Louis Times.
Question. Have you your notes of that re-
port?
Answer. I have part of them.
Question. Was there speaking on the steam-
boat?
Answer. There was.
Question. Did you report that speech?
Answer. I did ; part of it. Yes, I reported
that speech on the steamboat.
Question. Was that in answer to an address
of welcomc by the mayor?
vLiszcer. I think that was a speech in answer
to an address of welcomc by Captain Eads.
Question. Who was he? Whom did he rep-
resent ?
Answer. I believe he represented a commit-
tee of citizens which met the party at Alton.
Question. How did you make this report?
Answer. By short-hand writing.
Question. How soon did you write it out?
Answer. That evening.
Question. IJow accurate is it where it pur-
ports to be accurate?
Answer. ItwasareportmadefortheSt. Louis
Times ; and, as a matter ofcourse, reporting for
a paper of strong Democratic politics, I cor-
rected inaccuracies of grammar. That is all.
Question. Have you since written that out
from your notes, bo far as jou have the notes?
'Answer. I have.
Question, (handing a mauuscript to the
witness.) Look there and see if that is your
writing out from your notes ?
Answer, (examining the manuscript.) This
is.
Question. An exact transcript?
-'Itt.s'irer. An exact transcript.
Question. So far as it goes, is it an accurate
report of the speech as delivered by Andrew
Johnson ?
Answer. With the exception I have men-
tioned.
Question. With the exception of inaccuracies
of grammar 
Mr. STANBERY. Is that the speech at the
steamboat or the hotel?
