1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
421d
never been any such taxation as that in the
United States, and I trust there never will be.
Your Congress never taxed the plow in the
furrow ; your Congress never taxed the ham-
mer upon the anvil; your Congress never taxed
the shuttle in the loom; your Congress never
taxed the grain in the bushel. I trust it never
will tax them.
But I eome to the discrimination made here.
I know of no pressure whatever that will in-
duce me to put the crippled soldier who lost
his leg at Gettysburg upon the same level as to
taxation as the millionaire. The discrimina-
tion heretofore made in the legislation of this
country was, in my judgment, awisc discrimi-
nation, which imposed five per cent, on in-
comes exceeding 81,000, exempting those be-
low §1,000 ; yet by the amendment this is not
to obtain in reference to the holder of our
bonds, although it may not amount to more
than $300. If I were sure it would not work
to the injury of the public creditor I believe
I should not object to the substitute of the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Pike;] for that is
the only difference at last between the substi-
tute offered by the gentleman from Maine and
the proposition reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means. The proposition reported
by the Committee of Ways and Means seems
to infer the foreign holder of our bonds is
not subject to taxation. My impression is
that it is the right of every nationality to sub-
ject the holders of its securities, wherever they
may be, to some rule of taxation, whether they
are citizens or foreigners. That is the only
difference between the substitute, so far as I
can see, and the proposition of the committee.
Mr. PIKE. I except $1,000.
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly; they both ex-
cept $1,000. I am glad that it is so, to^add a
further word byway of caution, thatno iurther
income tax shall be chargeable upon the bonds
than that which is herein provided.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to strike out the last word pro forma. I
desire to call the attention of the House to
this matter for the last time. Wo are very
chary and careful whenever we come to touch
the question of taxing bonds, and members
say, •' Oh, we must not touch the income de-
rived from bonds belonging to the lame sol-
dier who comes down from Gettysburg.1' But
when that lame soldier is employed in the ser-
vice of the United States at $100 a month,
we take five per cent, out ot it directly, and
nobody whines. Whenever he comes before
us standing on one leg at the desk, or with one
arm writing for his pittance for his bread as
an employe of the Government, then we say
you must pay each dollar ot tax to be taken
from your pay as you receive it.
Now, let us see what the proposition is on the
part of the Committee ot Ways and Means.
It is to tax everybody but foreign bankers or
bondholders. The gentleman from Ohio agrees
that the foreign bankers or bondholders shall
be exempted, and the Committee of Vv ays and
Means also want to exempt the bankers of this
country from taxation. They ^ are careful to
do that. Thereisno income arising from banks,
and therefore they are ready to report a propo-
sition to collect a tax oil income. This propo-
sition from the Committee of \\ ays and Means
•—undoubtedly not intended to be so—is a
cheat, a snare, and a delusion ; I had almost
said, meant to be so. I do not, however, say
anything about motives; I only say that the
same committee who report this tax on incomes
but not on the banks, came in the other day
and reported that there was no law, human or
divine, which would allow a law to be made
with such a provision, and within a week they
brought in the same provision; the same in
substance and effect. The only difference
was that one member of the committee says,
"This is meant to tax everything;" and
another one says, "It is not meant to do so."
Now I desire the House to come to a vote and
say whether they will agree honestly and fairly
to tax the income from the bonds in the hands
of everv man alike, and not with exemptions
in favor of the rich and powerful. But the law
now is however poor a soldier may be, if he
holds a railroad bond, or a bank share, or a
canal bond, or any other corporate bond, be
has to have five per cent, taken out of the
coupon or the dividend, whether he is a citizen
or an alien. Let me read from the act of July,
1806:
"Pay a tax of five per cent, from the amount of
such interest or coupons, or dividends or profits,
whenever and wherever the same shall be payable,
or by whatsoever party or person the same may be
payable."
Thus our tax law on incomes now includes
everybody, whether citizen or alien. You tax
every railroad bond, every bank share, every
canal share, or bond ; you tax every corporate
bond in the hands of the crippled soldier, in
the hands of the foreigner, in the hands of the
widow, m the hands of the orphan. You do
it with an iron hand, taking the tax right from
the coupon or dividend; but the moment you
come to apply the same to the bonds of the
United States in the hands of the banker, there
is a hue and cry raised, and gentlemen shelter
themselves under the widow and orphan.
Mr. O'NEILL. I desire to ask the gentle-
man this question : is there not some difference
in the inducement which led capitalists to sub-
scribe to railroad bonds or railroad stock and
that which led them to subscribe to the bonds
of the Government when it was in its hour of
peril and need?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir;
there is a difference. I agree that the sub-
scribers for railroad bonds did not expect to
get but about ten per cent, profit, but those
who subscribed for Government bonds did ex-
pect to get and did get sixty per cent. That
is the only difference of inducement.
Mr. O'NEILL. One set of banks were
created by the State governments and the other
created by the Government of the United States
when we were in the dark hours of the war
subscribed for because of patriotism.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, the
patriotism which waited till the dark hours of
1804 before they subscribed; till the country
was compelled to pay them sixty per cent, in
gold for the patriotism of these bondholders.
1 ain quite well acquainted with his forty per
cent, patriotism, and dear at that.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to say that I can-
not understand the necessity of all this excite-
ment, but I do understand, and I desire pass-
ingly to comment upon the fact, that the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butleii]
somehow or other cannot speak of the argu-
ment or action of anybody or of any commit-
tee of this House without discovering in it
some intrigue, some purpose founded upon a
bad motive, and he never speaks of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means except in that way.
1 said once before, and I now repeat, that so
far as impeachment of motives is concerned,
I scorn it; it is not worth reply, because if we
cannot stand before this House and this coun-
try without being injured by such wholesale
flings as that, when we are in the ordinary ex-
ercise of our duties here as members of the
House or as members of that committee, our
reputations are not worth trying to defend.
But, sir, what does the gentleman say I He
says that we do not hesitate to let oft the for-
eign banks while we come down upon poor
men at home. Nothing was said about for-
eign banks. We spoke of the foreign holders
whoever they may be, poor men or rich men.
Again, he saysthat the law, as it now stands,
does tax these foreigners, and he read from
■ the law in relation to railroads and banks to
prove it. Now, sir, according to my under-
standing of the law there is nothing in that at
i all. All these are but the details of an income
I tax law or of the law which provides for a tax
! upon incomes, which sets out the character of
i the persons upon whom all these taxes are to
1 be levied, and they are taxes levied ' • upon the
\ profits, gains, and income ot any citizen ot
i the United States residing abroad, whether
derived from any kind of property, rents,
dividends, &c., as well as upon every person
residing in the United States." The gentle-
man reads and perverts another section by
giving it an application which it has not at all
in order to make out his case. I read it:
Sec. 122. And be it further enacted, That any rail-
road, canal, turnpike, canal navigation, or slack-
water company, indebted for any money for which
bonds or other evidence of indebtedness have been
issued, payable in one or more years after date, upon
which interest is stipulated to be paid, or coupons
representing the interest, or any such company that
may have declared any dividend in scrip or money
due or payable to its stockholders, including non-
residents, whether citizens, or aliens, as part of the
earnings, profits, income, or gains of such company,
and all profits of such company earned t.o the account
of any fund, or usod for construction, shallbe subject
to and pay a tax of five per cent, on the amount of
all such interest, or coupons, dividends, or profits,
whenever and wherever the same shail be payable,
and to whatsoever party or person the same may be
payable, including non-residents, whether citizens
or aliens, &c.
That is, it is not non-resident aliens that are
to be taxed, but our people and our corpo-
rations from the gains which they derive, al-
though those gains may be derived from that
which is paid by non-residents and aliens. The
gentleman has been trying to make the House
believe that there is written down here in the
law because these words are used a provision
to tax persons of that description. Now, all
that is in the law is that that which is taxable
in the possession and ownership of our own
citizens and corporations shall be taxed, no
matter from whom they derive it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Derive
what?
Mr. SCHENCK. Why, derive the profits.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh,no;
when an alien has a bond he has five per cent,
taken off.
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir; it is not anything
about taxation of interest.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. When
they pay the bond, does he not have five per
cent, taken off?
Mr. SCHENCK. There is the provision of
the lav/ which I have read to the House, and
everybody is able to comprehend it. In laying
down a general proposition as to who are to be
taxed and proceeding to tax them there is a
provision that their gains and profits, their divi-
dends, that which they receive upon bonds
issued by them, and whatever is payable to
them shall first be taxed.
Mr. BUTLEIl, of Massachusetts. Allow me
to ask what company ever received any dividend
on its debts?
Mr. SCHENCK. I say that the language
of the law is clear and^ plain, and every gentle-
man can judge for himself. The gentleman
quotes the law and applies it by his construc-
tion in such a way as to make it appear that it
is the person who is taxed when the law itself
is onlyspcaking of the person whoever he may
be, at home or abroad, from whom the gains
are derived. That is all I wish to correct.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER,, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to move to amend
this section so that it shall read :
That hereafter a tax equal to the income tax on
other incomes shall be assessed on the interest arising
from the bonds and other interest-bearing securities
of the United States, payable to any person what-
over, either foreigner, citizen, or alien, <fcc.
Now, I do not desire to enter into any wrang-
ling discussion about motives or anything of
that kind, but I desire to make myself under-
stood, if lean. I say now that so far as this
| section is concerned I have not understood it,
nor do I yet understand it, as the chairman ot
I the Committee of Ways and _ Means [Mr-
Schexok] seems to understand it. 1 didno
| intend to be understood, nor do I now in: e
to be understood, as being m favor of exempt
ing foreign bondholders from P&ylD&. rot!ose
the interest from their bonds. Then
if this section shall mean what tb^a.rman
of the Committee of Ways andM 7 ^
means, to amend it so as to
