114
SUPPLEMENT TO
Mr. Manager BUTLER. At the Southern
Hotel, on the balcony. They are both here ;
but I am nowaskingforthe one at the balcony.
The Witness. The first is the speech at the
Lindell Hotel.
Question. The other, the one we are inquir-
ing about, wag at the Southern Hotel?
Answer. At the Southern Hotel.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I mistook. I saw
the memorandum ''steamboat" there. [To
the witness.] Now take the speech at the
Southern Hotel. So far as your report goes,
as I understand, it is an accurate report of the
speech ?
Answer. It is.
Question. Why is it not all there ?
Answer. I have lost part of my notes.
Question. Whereabouts does it commence?
Answer. The speech in my notes commences
abruptly in the middle of a sentence, "Who
have got the shackles upon their limbs, and
which are as much under control and will of
the master as the colored men who were eman-
cipated."
Mr. HOWARD. Where was this speech
made?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. At the Southern
Hotel, St. Louis. It is the same speech that
has been read. [To the witness.] Will you
read, sir, where your report begins?
Answer, (reading.) "Who have got the
shackles upon their limbs, and which are as
much under control and will of the master as
the colored men who were emancipated.
[Hisses and cheers.] And I call upon you as
freemen to advocate the freedom " 
Question. That will do for the present. Does
the speech then go through ?
Answer. It goes through to the end.
Mr. Manager BUTLER, (to the counsel
for the respondent.) Gentlemen, you will see
that this report begins at about the top of the
first full column of the previous report after
the speech commences. [To the witness.]
Have you ever compared that with this paper'!
Ansicer. I do not know what "this paper" is.
QuestioA. This paper is the St. Louis Dem-
ocrat.
Ansicer. No, sir; I never have.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. We offer this paper
now in evidence ; I do not care to read it. The
variations are not remarkable.
Mr. STANBERY. We will first cross-ex-
amine the witness.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Certainly.
Cross-examined by Mr. Staxbery :
Question. Was this copy of yours published
anywhere?
Answer. Yes.
Question. In what paper ?_
Answer. In the St. Louis Times.
Question. What date?
Answer. The Sunday following: I think the
9th.
Question. State how much time it requires
a short-hand writer to write out his notes in
what is called long-hand, compared with that
which is required in taking down the notation.
Answer. We generally reckon the difference
between the rates of speed in writing long-hand
and short-hand as about one sixth or one
seventh.
Question. That is, it lakes six or seven times
as long to write out the speech as it does to
take the notes?
Ansicer. No, sir.
Question. How then?
Ansicer. There are frequently interruptions
in the course of a speech ; there are frequent
pauses of a speaker, and a great many things.
Question. But suppose there are 110 pauses,
but you are merely taking down the speech ?
Ansicer. If a man talks steadily for two or
three minutes together, it will take from twelve
to twenty minutes to write out what he may
say in three minutes time ordinarily.
Question. That is, four times as long?
Answer. Yes.
Question. Suppose he speaks rapidly and
excitedly?
Answer. If lie is a very fluent speaker it may
take longer.
Question. Of course there is a difference
between speakers as to that?
Answer. A very great deal of difference.
Question. In a rapid speaker what is the pro-
portion of time?
Answer. My last answer covers it; I cannot
say more precisely than that.
Question. Does the standard you give of four
times as long apply to those who speak delib-
erately?
Answer. Yes; I think that would. Amp
could easily write out the remarks of a delib-
erate speaker in four times the length of time.
Question. What, then, is the proportion of
time in the case of a rapid speaker?
Ansicer. Some men speak about as high as
two hundred and thirty words a minute. A
long-liand writer can write out about twenty-
eight or thirty words a minute steadily if he is
a rapid penman and has no difficulty in read-
ing his notes.
Question. Then it ought to be from eight to
ten times as long for a rapid speaker ?
Answer. About seven times as long.
Question. Twenty-eight to two_ hundred?
Answer. That is about seven times.
Question. Then the long-hand writer who is
reporting will get, in case of a rapid speaker,
one word in seven ?
Answer. If he attempts to write out in full.
Reexamined by Mr. Manager Butler:
Question. Do I understand you that the
whole of your report of the speech was pub-
lished in the Times from all your notes?
Answer. Not the whole of it.
Question. Was it condensed for that public-
ation ?
Ansicer. It was considerably condensed.
Question. Was Andrew Johnson a rapid
speaker in the manner that he spoke ?
A nsicer. Mr. Johnson is a very fluent speaker
and a very incoherent one.
Question. Repeating frequently his words?
Answer. Very frequently : very tautological,
very verbose.
Question. Does that enable him to be taken
with more ease ?
Answer. It enables him to be taken with
more ease.
Question. Ts it, not within your experience
that there are men who by practice in long-
hand by abbreviations can follow very accu-
rately or quite accurately a speaker who spoke
as Andrew Johnson spoke?
Answer. 1 think they could give the sense
of his speech without doing him any injustice.
Question. IIoW was it, taking into considera-
tion the interruptions, supposing such a writer
had been taking him from the balcony?
Answer. He would have to indicate the in-
terruptions; he could not write them out.
Question. But could he get the sense of what
the speaker was saying?
Answer. Of the speaker, or the interruptions ?
Question. Of the speaker.
Answer. Yes, he could.
By Mr. Staxheuy :
Question. A long hand-writer may take the
sense and substance of a speech ; that is, he
may take the sense and substance as to his
ideas of what are the sense and substance ?
Answer. Undoubtedly ; he must rely on his
own view of what was intended to be said.
By Mr. Manager Butler :
Question. By dictating a report from the
notes, with another person to write out, it can
be much more rapidly written out, can it not?
Ansicer. Yes, sir ; at least, one fourth.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I put this report
in evidence. I do not propose to read it.
Mr. STANBERY. Let it be printed.
Mr. Manager BUTLEIl. Certainly.
The report made by the witness, Joseph A.
Dear, is as follows:
Speech from balcony of Southern Hotel.
After a few words of thanks Mr. Johnson was in-
terrupted with inquiries " about New Orleans'' and
in reply ho charged the responsibility of that riot on
Congress, saying it wa' certainly planned and that
every drop of blood shed in it rested on the skirts of
the Radical Congress, defended himself fiom the
charge of having been a traitor, asked had he played
" Judas," to Thaddcus Stevens Wendell Phillips or
Charles Sumner, spoke of the majority m Congress
as "this same persecuting nefarious and diabolical
clan" and referring to an interruption about " Mo-
ses" said that there were other men in the country
who claimed their sympathy besides colored men.
(Transcript of note? resumed.) * * • y
who have got the shackles upon their limbs and
which are as much under control and will of the
master as the colored men who were emancipated
(hisses and cheers) and I call upon you as freemen
to advocate the freedom of the white man as well as
the colored man. Ihave nothing tocoinplain about
emancipation. I tried to do as much and have done
as much as—and when they talk about Moses and
the promised land—where is the promised land that,
these people propose to lead them to when they tain
about taking them out of America and sending them
to other chines what is it they propose? Why it is
to give them a Freedman's Bureau and then what ?
Why here in the South it is not necessary for me to
talk to you about the system and how it operates.
We know slaves have been worked here before.
Their original owners bought the land and bought
the negroes, paid all the expenses of carrying on the
farm and in the end after bringing the products to
the market, if there was any profit on them these
men put it into their pocket.
Iam not addressing myself to your passions, and
when reason and argument again resume their sway
on the public mind this prejudice must give way and
reason and argument become triumphant. Now let
me call your attention to a single fact, the Bureau.
This slavery was an accursed institution but after
emancipation took place the Congress here gave us
our commissioners, gave us twelve millions of dollars,
placed the power in the hands of the President or
the Executive, who was to work this machinery with
the army to sustain it, and let us work the four mil-
lions of slaves. In fine the freedmen's Bureau was
a simple proposition to transfer the four million of
slaves in the United States trom their original own-
ers to anew sctot taskmasters. X had been laboring
for years to try and get them freed and I was opposed
to seeing them transferred to a new set of taskmas-
ters to be worked with more-rigor than before. Yes,
under this new system they would work the slaves,
the government was to bear all the expense and if
there was any profits left they would pocket them.
So much for this question. I merely intended to
tender you here tonight my thanks tonight as we
go along and not to talk about this Congress that
says the President is wrong because he vetoed the
freedmen's Bureau Bill, and because the President
exercised the veto power, ho has committed a high
offeneeand therefore hooughtto be impeached. (Ho)
Yes they are ready to impeach him and if they were
satisfied of having as large a majority in the next
Congress as this, they would upon some pretext ot
violating some law or some provision of the consti-
tution they would vacate the Executive of the Uni-
ted States. As they talking about the soldiers let me
call the attention of the soldiers to this immaculate
Congress, this Congress which can make war upon
upon the I
the President because he stands by the J constitution
and exercises the veto power in behalf ot the people
they dared to talk about impeachment
By way of immortalizing themselves and increas-
ing'the confidence of the soldiers, throughout, this
country at one time they talked aboutimpeachment.
(llow about the Fenians?) (Laughter) So iar as
the Fenians are concerned let me ask any Fenians,
if there are any here to-night, to go back to my his-
tory and say who in the dark days of Know-nothmg-
ism, stood and made more sacrifice for their rights.
It has been my peculiar misfortune always to have
fierce opposition because I have always struck my
blows direct and fought with the right, and Constitu-
tion on my side. Yes here was the law of neutrality
and I \va- sworn to support the Constitution and see
that law faithfully executed ("Why didn't you do
it?") The law wasexccuted, and because it was exe-
cuted they raised a clamor and made an appeal to
the Fenians and they pretended to repeal the law,
but left it just as it was. They know that whenever
a law was presented to me proper in its character
and softening the provisions of the present law it
would meet my hearty approbation. But, to return
to the soldier, as they were pretty well broken down
and losing confidence at the end of secession, they
thought they must do something for the soldier.
What did they do? Who has done more for the
soldier than I have? who has sacrificed more tor
tho soldier than I have? But they to make them
the friends of tho soldier they come forward with a
proposition—to do what? To give to tho soldier
fifty dollars (600) bounty if he has served two (2) years,
one hundred dollars ($100) if he has served three (.);
years. Now markthis. Thecolored man thatserved
two years con get his one hundred (^lOOjdollars bounty,
but the white man must serve three for his.
But that is not the point. While they were tick-
ling and attempting to please the soldier by giving
him fifty ($50) dollars tor two (2) years servicc? tuev
took it in to their head to give somebody else a bounty,
not of fifty (s50) dollars for two years services—now,
attention 1 as I want to make an impression on your
minds of the facts—When, the brave boy who has
followed his gallant Officer, whoslept on tho tented
field, who perilled his life, shed his blood and lett his
limbs behind him.hecangetfifty ($50) dollars bounty
if he has served two years, but the Member of Con-
gress who never smelt gunpowder can get four thous-
and dollars ( 4,00U) extra pay (Loud Cheers) that
is a true picture my countrymen of what has trans-
pired in the past. Fellow citizens you are all famil-
iar with the work of restoration; you know that ever
