4220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
interest on bonds shall be taxable, no matter
in whose hands those bonds may be.
My proposition is and has been all the time
to tax all bonds except those provided for by
this bill, so that we may secure the exchange
of our outstanding bonds for the issue herein
provided for. If we expect to secure an
exchange of those bonds, we can do it by no
other means save that of taxing the bonds
sufficiently to induce holders to exchange them.
And if we tax them, then let the tax be equal
upon the citizen of the country and the for-
eigner. The foreigner is as much bound to
pay a tax upon the interest derived from our
bonds as our citizens are. Now, I say for the
purpose of correcting an impression that may
be upon the minds of some gentlemen here,
that this thing of alluding all the time to the
soldierand the sailor is sheer nonsense. This is
a mere question of taxation ; and the tax should
fall equally upon all, whether soldier or sailor,
citizen or foreigner, if we expect to do justice
to the Government and to the people.
We here to-dayare taxed upon our salaries.
Every time one of us draws his pay the Ser-
geant-at-Arms deducts the five jser cent. tax.
it has been said here during the discussion that
the soldier was not taxed unless bis income is
$1,000. I beg leave to correct that impression
if it exists here. Every man in the Army who
received a compensation from the Government,
no matter what his income was, had five per
cent, deducted when the paymaster paid him.
lie did not, as other men did, have ijl,000 of
his income exempted from the tax. And I say
to those who refer here to the soldier and sailor,
that they were the very persons you dealt un-
fitirly with in your income law, because you
taxed theirentire income, no matter how small
or how greatit was, while all others were allowed
an exemption of $1,000.
Mr. BliNTON. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask a question?
Mr. LOGAN. Certainlv.
Mr. BliNTON. The remark of the gentle-
man calculated to produce the impression
that the common soldier paid an income tax.
Mr. LOGAN. Not at all.
Mr. BENTON. The gentleman said the
soldier had live per cent, deducted from his
pay by the paymaster as a tax.
Mr. LOGAN. The officer is a soldier.
Mr. BENTON. That was a tax upon his
office.
Mr. LOGAN. Any one who held an office in
in the Army, no matter if it was only the office of
first lieutenant, although he bared his breast
to the steel of the enemy, was taxed ; and the
gentleman says he was taxed because he held
an office.
Mr. HIGBY. Will the gentleman allow mo
to ask him a question?
Jlr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. HIGBY. Did the law except that class
of individuals from all others, so far as the in-
come tax was concerned?
Mr. LOGAN. I say that the law taxed
them five per cent, on their salaries, whether
small or large.
Mr. HIGBY. Were they taxed differently
from everybody else ?
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, sir; everybody else
was exempted on his income to the amount of
$1,000.
Mr. HIGBY. Except the soldier?
Mr. LOGAN. There was no exception in
terms ; bat the salary of the soldier was counted
by law as income. There was no exemption
whatever; and the tax was paid on the whole
of it.
Mr. HIGBY. That was for want of a pro-
per rule.
Mr. SCHKNCK. Mr. Chairman, my only
purpose in rising is to correct gentlemen in
regard to what, with due deference to others,
i think is a mistake about the existing law,
tiveiy man who is taxed live per cent, upon
Ins salary, whether he be an officer of t!ir- Army
or a member of Congress, gets his exemption
to the amount of tfl,UU0 Salaries are regarded
as income, and the only difference between
them and other incomes is that persons receiv-
ing salaries from the Government do not get
the benefit of the deductions allowed to others
paying a tax on income. They are allowed
the exemption of §1,000 ; but from the amount
that remains there is no deduction for house
rent, for lost debts, for destruction of property
by fire, &c. The same disadvantage would be
experienced in deducting a tax from the cou-
pon upon the spot, and we have been willing
that those paying income tax deducted from
coupons shall be put upon the same foot-
ing as those now paying tax upon salaries
received from the Government. 1 did not sup-
pose there could be any doubt about this point.
I cannot at this moment turn to the language
of the law in relation to salaries, but I am sure
it is explicit. Gentlemen are mistaken in say-
ing that those who receive salaries from the
Government have not the benefit oi any exemp-
tion. A member of Congress, as well as every
other public officer, gets the benefit of the
exemption of $1,000, only the surplus being
taxed, but the difference is that upon this sur-
plus a public officer or an employG of the Gov-
ernment does not get the benefit of deductions
for house rent, losses, &c. A clerk receiving
from the Government a salary of $1,-00 is
taxed five per cent, upon $200, $1,000 being
deducted. So with an ollicer of the Army.
But either of these may pay four or live hun-
dred dollars for house rent; ho may suffer
during the year losses from bad debts and oth-
erwise, for which a deduction is allowed to
those receiving income from other sources ;
yet he does not get the benefit of those deduc-
tions, but pays his tax, although, in fact, lie
may all the while have been going behind
hand.
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman has spoken
of the exemption of officers' salaries to the
amount of $1,000. lie will allow me to make
a correction of my former statement. I was
mistaken in saying that there was no exemp-
tion allowed to officers of the Army. Accord-
ing to the law in force during the war, there
was an exemption of SGO0; but all the sala-
ries then amounted to over $600.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have now before me the
provision of the existing law, and it agrees
with the statement I have already made. 'The
language is—■
"That there shall he levied, collected, and paid on
all salaries of etlicers or payments lor services to per-
sons in the civil, military, naval, or other employ-
ment or service of the "United States, including Sen-
ators and Representatives and Delegates in Congress,
when exceeding the rate of frl.OOO per annum, a tax
of five per cent, on the excess above said ii.UOO,"
Mr. LOGAN. I withdraw my amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. ALLISON. I renew the amendment to
the amendment. Mr. Chairman, when this
section was reported from the Committee of
Ways and Means, I supposed that it applied to
the incomes from all bonds and securities of
the United States, wherever they might be
held; and I am not yet clear that that is not
the correct construction of the section without
any amendment. Hence, so far as any in-
trigue may be charged upon the Committee of
Ways and Means, that charge certainly does
not apply to mo. If the section is not perfect
it is because of atl inadvertence on the part of
some member of the committee in not making
it perfect. And I will say, Mr. Chairman,
that in drawing the section we followed sub-
stantially the language of another section in-
troduced hy the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] a day or two ago, except that
we do not make the unjust discrimination which
he then proposed, but which he now aban-
dons, having cither discovered that we have
not the constitutional power to make the dis-
crimination, or, having the power, that it would
he bad policy to exercise it.
Now, sir, so far as I am personally con-
cerned. if a deduction of live per cent, is to be
made at the Treasury from the interest of any
ij of the&c bonds, 1 am in favor of extending
|i that deduction to all the bonds of the United
(j States, and I must beg to differ with thy chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means as
to the construction of the present law so far as
regards the stock of railroad companies held out
of the United States. It was the intention of
Congress, in passing the law of June 13,1866,
to make that provision apply to all the bonds
and stock of railroad companies or other cor-
porations. That was the intention of the Con-
gress of the United States. It has been so
interpreted by the revenue department, and
if I am not mistaken the Chief Justice ot the
United States has so decided in a case m Bal-
timore. I tried to find the decision this morn-
ing, but was unable to do so, and I state the
substance of it from recollection only. He
declared that we had the right to pass such a
law. The question arose in the circuit court
of Maryland on this provision, the amount of
the tax having been deducted from the interest
on the coupons. I think I cannot be mistaken
when I state that such decision in substance,
at least, has been made by the Chief Justice.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If my colleague
will allow me, 1 think the Chief Justice de-
cided the reverse of what he states, and hence
the amendment in the law passed July 13,1866.
Mr. ALLISON. I allude to a different de-
cision, one made since the law of July 13,
18GU, and made under the provisions of that
act. I am not mistaken when 1 state that the
interpretation I now give is the one accepted
and acted upon by the executive and judicial
departments of the Government, and acqui-
esced in by the various corporations affected
by its provisions. If that law is just in its
provisions I can see no objection to the pro-
vision under consideration. In my judgment
there is no reason why a different rule should
be applied to the holders of United States
bonds than is applied to holders of railroad
bonds, or bonds of other corporations. This is
not a tax upon bonds ; it is a tax upon in-
comes, and does not change the existing law
upon that subject, except that it makes a dif-
ferent rule for the collection of the income tax
derived from this source, bringing the income
tax from this source within the provisions of
the act of July 13, 1866, as I have before
stated. The United States never has surren-
dered the right to tax incomes from whatever
source they may be derived. And from the
beginning of our legislation upon the income
tax we have assessed a tax upon the incomes
derived from interest upon United States
bonds, and we do not propose to levy a differ-
ent or other tax thau that imposed by law now.
If the tax is to be deducted at the Treasury it
will be impossible to ascertain when the bonus
are held, or who may be the owner of the
coupon presented, or at least it will be imprac-
ticable to make any rule by which the owner-
ship can be definitely ascertained. It seems
to me that we must either abandon this method
of collection or make it applicable to all cou-
pons presented at the Treasury.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to strike out the
last word, and 1 desire the substitute of I he
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Bike] may be
reported, so the question may be understood.
The Clerk read as iollows:
Sue. —. And be it fuititer eiifctea, That hereafter
a tax of five per cent, on income iumu? tvwu
bonds and other int.ciest-beann£; s, cun'ies >>t' tho
United iStales, except tho^e authov.^ed by this act,
payable to any person, State, municipality, body-
poutic, or c.jrpuiute company or society, whether
corporate ov not covpuiate, out of the lieasiuy of
the United State?, fliall he assessed and coHcetcd bv
tuo Ircasurei' oi other distmvsingoUiceis of the Uni-
ted Slates chained vwth paying any interest upon,
the LteV)i ot the United Starts, ui the same currency
in which said interest i? paid and s'aeii coUecuou
snail be made by deduction ot the amount oi the tax
irom the coupons or interest due at tile tiuic ui pay-
ment of such interest: I'rovulcd. That the sum so
uedueted horn the interest or coupons oi any person
navm* a >eaiiy incom} ot less than 61,000'.-hull be
1 eiunded to soeii person in accordance itit ruice ami
resolutions 10 be made bv tile Secretary n; t'lo
-il'easurs : Aa't p, ' '
m laii l,n all uico
ecnritics.
Mr. BlXtzrHAM. I desire the committee to
consider v.ill!I i s.ml bw'ort', Hiai tii>> substi-
tute of the gentleman from Maine differs in
Jititli'r, That, this
tax aiismg- oi"t of j-ai
I he
i i'ublio
