1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1149
that he should be permitted to take his seat;
but the Senate did, and by a very decided
vote. That was the construction of this body,
that a gentleman should be permitted to take
his seat on taking the oath, although he bad
held an office in the State of Tennessee after
the State of Tennessee went into the rebellion.
It is the decision of the House of Representa-
tives that the person who wrote the letter, a
paragraph or two from which I have read,
should be permitted to take his seat on taking
the oath.
_ Now you propose, or some do, to deny the
right of Mr. Thomas to take his seat, not be-
cause he wrote such a letter as this, not be.cause
he held any office under the rebel government,
(and it will be observed that this oath excludes
Earties from being members of Congress or
olding any office who had held an office under
the rebel government,) but because he gave
$100 to his son, and hissonwentinto the rebel-
lion, when there is no proof that this $100 was
given with any such design, and there is no
proof that it effected any such purpose ; none
whatever that it did in fact aid. It was neither
given for the purpose of aiding, nor did it in
fact aid, for he did not get into the rebel lines
with it. He spent it all and did not get there,
and afterward joined the rebel ranks when his
money was all gone. He was kept here for
three months, I think, after his father gave that
money to him, and got entirely out of money
long before he reached the rebel lines. It will
not do to say that he could not have got to
Washington without this $100. We all know
that he could. It was not many miles from
where his father resided to this city ; and he was
in this city for weeks before he joined the rebel
ranks and his money all gone. So that neither
in point of fact nor intention did the $100 go to
aid persons in armed rebellion to the United
States. *
I do not desire to prolong this debate, and I
should not have said this much but for the fact
that I am a member of the Judiciary Commit-
tee, and considered it incumbent upon me to
give the reasons for the faith which is in me and
for the vote which I shall feel constrained to
give when the Senate comes to a vote on this
matter.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, this is
one of the occasions when the tide, it is sup-
posed, is to turn, and a precedent is to be set
one way or the other that is to be a guide for
our future conduct. There has yet been
brought to our attention no case, whatever our
action may have been upon it, in which the
person who has been admitted into this Cham-
ber or into the House of Representatives was
not, during the war and through the war, a
thorough adherent, body and soul, to the cause
of the Constitution. We have admitted one
member here who, in-order to accomplish the
protection of the persecuted loyalists of Ten-
nessee, did exercise the functions of a civil
State office, in a certain technical sense, under
the confederacy, himself during all that time in
constant danger of the halter from the traitors
who were around him. And that is cited as a
parallel for the admission of this man into this
body 1 It is possible that we made a technical
mistake in admitting Mr. Patterson. It is
possible that it was in violation of the law. If
it was, is that any reason for honorable Sena-
tors to urge us to violate it again? Usually,
among sensible and patriotic people, one error
is enough—quite enough.
But, sir, whether we have committed an
error or not in the case of the Senator from
Tennessee, it is no parallel in any particular,
from its inception to its end, with this. Ex-
actly the same may be said of the case referred
to by my friend from Illinois in the House of
Representatives. A man writes a letter which
is treasonable in its character, undoubtedly, on
the face of it; a letter which, undoubtedly, is
aid and encouragement to the rebellion upon
the face of it, had it been carried to its ulti-
mate destination before it _ was recalled. I
agree with my honorable friend entirely upon
that proposition. But what happened in that
case? Before the letter reached the person to
whom it was addressed further information,
better emotions, penitence for the half-way
crime that he had committed, seized the man,
and from that time forth to the end of the war
his life was in peril in the ranks of the Union
Army. Is that a parallel for this case? Is
that the species of precedent and of argument
that is to be addressed to us as an inducement
for us to take this step in advance and admit
this man ? I am not surprised that precedents
of this description are referred to. A weak
cause marshals to its side all the resources that
ingenuity can produce, be they good or bad.
Now, what is this case and what is the law
that applies to it? It has been argued by Sen-
ators upon a variety of grounds. One Senator
believes that under the Constitution a rule of
qualification, inclusive as well as exclusive, is
declared, and that to that iron bed every can-
didate is to be applied, and if he possesses
the qualifications, or rather fails to possess
the disqualifications, that instrument describes,
we are bound to admit him or violate the law.
That is the proposition of the Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buckalew,] and when
asked whether he would admit an open, noto-
rious traitor here, although he were a citizen
of the State and of the requisite age, who had
been elected by the Legislature of Maryland or
some other State, he said that he should be
obliged to do it, or in such a case he would
take the responsibility of violating the Consti-
tution in order to save it. Mr. President, it is
a strange conception of the Constitution, in-
deed, that it is an instrument framed of such
weakness of vitality and such infinite want of
consequence and resource, that the only way
to uphold it is to break it down. I have not
carried my legal education yet to that extent
of refinement.
Mr. B UCKALE W. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. With the greatest pleas-
ure.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I do not think I ever
said what he supposes I did say, that I would
violate the Constitution of the United States.
I rather think I would part with an arm before
I would say that in this body, and I do not
think under any circumstances I would admit
that. What I said was this : alluding to a sup-
posed ease during the war, if a person who was
a rebel appeared here demanding membership
under an apparent regnlar election and with
constitutional qualifications, that we would
have the same right to resist his entrance into
this body by our physical power, by voice, and
vote, by calling to our assistance our officers,
or in any other way possible that our officers
and soldiers would be entitled to use in the
field—we would have the same right and the
same power to do it. It would be a case of
overruling necessity, and under the exercise
of the war powers of the Government of the
United States the act would be perfectly legal
and perfectly proper.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does my friend mean to
say that these war powers are within the scope
of the Constitution or without?
Mr. BUCKALEW. All I proposed was to
correct the particular statement. I am not
going to interrupt the Senator in his argument.
_ Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well. My friend,
like every other man who is put on thedefensive,
is not bound to testify in such a way as to crim-
inate himself ; he need not answer the question.
He has covered up now with a eoat of extra
constitutional war power the mistake that I
think he made the other day in stating the prop-
osition jthat he did. The record will justify
him or me in the quotation of the substance of
the observations that he then made.
' Now, to return, the question first is: what
are our rights under the Constitution over this
man without regard to the statute and without
regard to any overruling necessity ? The Con-
stitution declares, and that is all that it says
upon the subject that is pertinent here:
"No person shall bo a Senator who shall not have
attained the a«e of thirty years, and been nine years
a citizen of the United States, and who shall not.
when elected, bo an inhabitant of that State for
which he shall be chosen."
_ Senators will observe that these are nega-
tive statements; they are exclusive, every one
of them. It is not declaring who ^hg.11 be
admitted into the Senate of the United States.
It is declaring who shall not be eligible to elec-
tion to this body; that is all. It is the same
as tp the House of Representatives and as to
other officers—always in the negative, always
exclusive, instead of in the affirmative and in-
clusive. And upon what principle was this
Constitution founded? Will lawyers here deny
that we have a right to look to the course of
constitutional and parliamentary jurisprudence
in that country from which we derive our origin
and most of our laws to illustrate our own
Constitution and to enlighten us in this invest-
igation ? By no means. And what was that ?
The House of Commons in Parliament, using
the very language that in another section ot
the Constitution is used here, were the exclu-
sive judges of the elections, returns, and qual-
ifications of their own members. What was
their constitutional power tinder that rule ? It
was that they were the sole and exclusive
judges, not only of the citizenship and of the
property qualification of persons who should
be elected, but of everything that entered into
the personnel of the man who presented him-
self at the doors of the House of Commons
with a certificate of election for admission.
And what were those rules? One was that
an idiot could not be a representative in the
Commons; another was that an insane man
could not be ; and a variety of other disquali-
fications, of which the Commons themselves
alone were the sole and exclusive judges.
We declared in our Constitution that a cer-
tain class of persons should never, under any
circumstances, whatever their other qualifica-
tions might be, be Senators of the United
States; no alien should be a Senator. Did it
therefore follow that every citizen, male or
female, black or white, rich or poor, sane or
insane, innocent or criminal, should be a Sen-
ator? Not by any means, I take it. We
declared then that no person should be a Sen-
■ator who was not a citizen, who had not a
certain qualification of residence and of age,
and there we stopped the rule of disqualifica-
tion, leaving the common law exactly where it
stood before; and that common law, in the
very language of its immemorial time, was
inserted in another section of the instrument,
which declared that this body should be the
judges of the elections, returns, and qualifica-
tions of its members. And that very word
'1 qualifications,'' by the known history of juris-
prudence, had the scope and signification that
I have named; and that was, that it was the
duty of the body to apply it to the candidate,
to keep itself pure from association with crim-
inals and incompetent persons.
The honorable Senator from Maine [Mr. Fes-
senden] tells us, while he admits this power, I
believe, that it is a dangerous power. So it is.
I know no power that is reposed in the discre-
tion of anybody of men that is not dangerous.
The idea of power is danger itself. But he
must, indeed, be a timid statesman who refuses,
in a case like this, justly to exercise the power
he has, trusting to his fellows and to the future
to see that that power in another case is not
abused. The Senator from Maine has not
painted too highly the danger of exercising
powers of this description; but they must be
reposed somewhere. Government cannot exist
unless you repose power, which is liable in every
instance to abuse, in some officer or official or
body. And are we to be told that we must never
exercise a power in a proper case because it
is a power which involves in it the danger of
abuse? Sir, let us rather wisely and bravely
exercise the power in a case that can be made
clear and risk the consequences with those
who may hereafter exercise it, trusting that
they, like ourselves, will not use it unwisely.
Then I will endeavor to convince my friend
from Maine—for I know he is open to convic-
