THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
115
since the rebellion collapsed everything has been
done that could be done by the Executive department
of the Government—in fact, all has beendono exccpt
the admission of the members of the eleven btatcs
that went into rebellion, but having laid down their
alms, abolished slavery, repudiated their debts and
sent loyal representatives, everything has been done
except the admission of the representatives which
all tne States are constitutionally entitled to. When
you examine the Constitution of the United states
you will find that you cannot refuse to any state its
buffragein the Senate (They have never been out)
That's sol and 1 have always said they could not go
out (cheers) and that being so they are entitled to
their equal suffrage in the United States Senate, and
no power has the right or can deprive them of it
without violating the Constitution of the United
States. And the same argument applies to the llcp-
reseatatives in the House. It vised, to be said that
when the states refused to .send their representatives
that that was secession, a breaking up of the Union.
Now the Radical party have turned round and say
that tho States arc not entitled to representation m
Congress. That is to say they aro dissolutionistsand
their position nowisto perpetuate the dissolution ot
the Union and that too while they deny tho right of
representation they impose on them taxation—a
principle upon which in the revolution your fathers
resisted tho power of Great Britain. Wo deny the
right of taxation without representation—this is one
of the great principlesof ourgovernment. (Cheers.)
Let the government be restored, let peace be restored.
Many years I have laboied for and I am lor it now.
I deny this doctrine of secession come from whatever
quarter it may, whether from the North or South. 1
am opposed to it. I am for the Union of these states
for the thirty six stars representing thirty six states
remaining where they are. X am for the Constitu-
tion as our fathers have made it and handed it down
to us and if it is altered or amended let it bo done in
tho mode appointed for it by that, instrument itsell
and in no other. I am for tho restoration of poace.
Let me ask this people hero tonight if we have not
shed enough blood. Let me ash this people hero to-
night, are you prepared to go into, to go into, another
civil war? (No.) Let mo ask this people hercto-
niglit: arc they prepared to set Man upon man and
in'the name of God lilt up his hand against the throat
of his brother? Are you prepared to see our fields
again laid wasto our commerce and business sus-
pended and all trade stopped? Are we prepared to
seo this laud that gave a brother birth, dienehnd in
a brothers blood? X am ono of those who believe
that a man May sin and that a man May repent and
sometimes that having sinned & having repented it
makes him a better man than before, (Cheers.)
1 know it has been said that I have exercised the
pardoning power. Yes, Ihave (cheers) And X reckon
1 have pardoned more men than any other man
living on the habitable globe. \ es, 1 turned torty-
soven thousand of our men, who were engaged in
this struggle, who were in prison with the arms we
captured—Xturnedthemloose. Large numbers have
applied for pardons andthus I have grantedpardons
to some. But by some 1 am attempted to beheld
responsible for doing wrong. Yes, there are some
who stayed at home and did not go in to the held who
call out about blood and punishment and making
treason odious and all that (Laughter) who never
smellod gunpowderon the other side. Yes they would
condemn and they would hang and torture and all
that and they that make tho comparison—but it X
have erred X have erred on mercys side and some ot
these croakers assume to setup that they ai'e bettor
than tho Saviour of mankind, hinwolt—a kind of
over righteousness—thinking they are better than
anybody-else and are always wanting to do tho
Deity's work, thinking they can do better than lie
can. Y es, the Saviour came aud iomul man sentenced
and under the law but when they repented ho said
" let them live." Instead oi putting them to death
he went upon and was there painfully nailed by those
unbelievers that 1 have spoken ot and there shed
his blood and died that you and I might live. Will
you execute and put to death eight million of peo-
ple'? It is an absurdity and is impracticable even
if it were right, but it is a violation of all law human
and divine. Ulang Jeft Davis.) .
You call on Judge Chase to hang Jen. Davis; will
you? (Laughter.) I am not. the court, L am not tho
Jury nor tho Judge. Before tho ease comes to me,
and all other cases, it would have to come as a case
or application for pardon. That is the only way
cases can come before me. Wiiydon t Judge Chase,
Chief Justice of tho United States—in whosodislrict
he is—why don't he try him? But. perhaps I con
answer tho question, and as sometimes people will
be facetious and indulge in repartee, i might ask
you a question—why dont you hang Iliad btevens
and Wendell Phillips? Llii^es, Laughter, and
Cheers.] I say that a traitor at one end ot the line
is as bad as a traitor at the other. I know men on
t-oino occasions who repeat sayings thai have been
placed inthcir mouths by their superiors, who have
not the courage to come forward and say themselves,
but have their understrappers come forward. X know
thereare some who talk about the elective iranohise
for whu-h they wanted to overturn the Government
of Louisiana, who say, "We must mako contracts
and send men to these colored people and manage
their affairs tor them, and yet say tney are coram-
tent to go to Congress and and manage affairs of state.
Before you commence throwing your stones you
ought to be able to say that you dont live in glass
houses. Then why all this clamor ! Dont you see,
my countrymen, it is a question oi power and
being in power it is their object to perpetuato tnoir
power, llence when you turn any ot tnem out oi
Oiiice they talk about " bread and butcer. res, it
is the most perfect and complete bread and buuer
party that has ever appeared in this government,
and hence when you make an oner to take a single
piece out of their mouths how they clamor. The
man who has stayed at homo four or five or six years
and grown fat and indulged in all the emoluments
of office and grown rich, when you talk about turn-
ing one of them out it is " pro&eiiption," and hence
it is one of the objects of the Congress of the United
States to pass a law preventing the Executive from
turning any ono out. (Turn them all out.) Hence,
dont you seo what the policy was to be.
How were tho people to get hold of the offices. The
idea of rotation in office of the days of Madison and
Jefferson seems to be lost sight of; bui my belief is
that when ono set of men havo been in long enough
it is time somebody else should have a turn, How
are these men to bo turned out? (Kick them out)
How is this to bo dono unless you oan roach them
through the Executive. Congress proposes to pass
laws to keep them in. llow is this to bo done unless
it is by tho President of the United States. Wei 11 c t
me say to you, if you will stand by mo in vindication
of the constitution of tho United States in trying to
givo tho soldiers and people a chance. I will kick
them out as fast as I can (Loud cheers). I caro not for
the menaces, for the taunts, the jeers, the threats. I
don't intend to be bullied by my enemies or oven
overawed by my friends but God being willing with
your help I will veto every measure of theirs whenover
they come before mo. I placo myself on the ram-
parts of the constitution and when I seo the enemy
approaching so long as I hav.c eyes to sco or oars to
hear or a tongue to sound the alarm so help mc God
I will do it and call for you to tho rescuo (Loud
cheers). I tell you here to-night, thac the eon.■dilut ion
of the country has been encroached upon, tho citadel
of liberty is being endangered (Go in Andy!) Come
up to the work and protect your constitution as tho
palladium of our civil and religious liberty for it is
the ark of our safety. Yes let mo ask you to cling
to the constitution in this great struggle for freedom
as tho shipwrecked mariner clings to the plank in
the night whon tho tempest flows around him. So
far as my public life is concerned tho people of Mis-
souri know that my ciforts havo been in that direc-
tion which would elevate tho great masses of the
people. Whore is tho speech or vote of mine but
what has always had a tcndoncy to elevate tho great
masses of the people and when they talk about
tyranny or despotism where is ono net of Andrew
Johnson's that has encroached upon the rights of a
freeman.
JJut because I have stood upon the outworks of
freedom and havo sounded an alarm hcnce all this
detraction that has boon heaped upon me. Then in
conclusion here to-night X hand over the flag of your
country with thirty-six stars upon it. I hand over
the constitution ol'your country with tho charge and
responsibility of preserving it intact. X liaud over
to you to-night tho great circle of these states. X
hand thorn over to you, the people: I must Ihave
always trusted the people. The great questions which
pertain to your interest I baud them over to you
with the chnrgo to presorvo them as men who can
rise above party come around the altar of a com-
mon country it with faces upturned to heaven swear
by him and all shall sink into tho dust but that the
const itation shall bo preserved. Let us stand up for
the Union of these States, let us light the enemies
ot the government come from whatever quarter they
may. You understand what my position is—no tyr-
annv—and with you to-night, I leavo tho Union in
your hands with the coniidenco Ihave always had
that the people will redress all wrongs and set the
government riorht. Then gentlemen of this great
city of tho Western States in bidding you farewell I
leavo all in your chargo and thank you greatly for
the cordial welcome you havo given me to your city
(Loud cheers). JOSE]?II A. DEAR.
Robert S. Cm;v." sworn and examined.
By Mr. Manager Butucii :
Question. You are employed in the State
Department?
Answer. I am.
Question. In what capacity ?
Answer. Chief clerk.
Question. Is it part of your duty to super-
vise and know the commissions issued.
Answer. The duty devolves particularly upon
tho commission olerk of the Department to
prepare all commissions. The commission is
first made out by a clerk who is called the com-
mission clerk of the Department. It is brought
to me, and by mo sent to the President. AVhen
returned with the President's signature it is
submitted by me to the Secretary of State,
] who countersigns it. It then goes to the com-
mission clerk for the seal to be affixed.
Question. Then, when it does not belong to
your Department, where does it go—when it
is not a commission of an officer in your De-
partment ?
Answer. To the Treasury.
Question. That is to say, if I understand, the
commissions of officers in the Treasury aro
prepared at your Department ?
Answer. Yes, sir; of a portion of the officers
of the Treasury.
Question. Such as whom?
Answer. Such as Comptrollers, Auditors,
Treasurers, Assistant Treasurers, officers of the
Mint. Commissioner of the Revenue.
Question. Secretary and AssistantSecretary?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Then, after being prepared, they
are sent to the Treasury ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Those that belong there?
. Those belonging to your office are
issued from your office?
A?iswer. From the Department of State.
Qriestion. Now, will you have the kindness
to tell us whether, after the passage of the, civil
tenure act, any change was made in the com-
missions of the officers of your Department to
conform to that act?
Answer. There was.
Question. What was that change? Tell us
how the commission ran in that regard before
and how it has been since ?
Answer, (referring to forms.) The form of
the old commission was "during the pleasure
of the President of the United States for the
time being." Those words have been strickcn
out, and the words "subject to the conditions
prescribed by law" inserted.
Question. Does that apply to all commis-
sions ?
Answer. That applies to all commissions.
Question. When was that done?
Answer. Shortly after the passage of the
tcnurc-of-office act.
Question. About how soon, if you can tell us,
one month or ten days?
Answer. I cannot say exactly, but when the
first case came up, making it necessary for the
commission clerk to prepare a commission, he
applied for instructions under that act.
Question. Was the subject then examined in
the Department?
Answer. It was.
Question. Was this change made after that
examination or before ?
Answer. After the examination.
Question. Was it made by the direction of
the Secretary or not?
Answer. The case was submitted by the Sec-
retary to the legal examiner, and upon his opin-
ion the change was made.
Question. 13y order of the Secretary 7
Answer. I think so.
Question. You print the form of your com-
missions on parchment by copper-plate, do you
not?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Wasthe copper-platethen changed
to make all forms ?
Answer. It was.
Question. For the various kind of commis-
sions?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Have you blank forms of the vari-
ous kinds of commissions issued by your
Department?
Answer. I have. [Producing a number of
blank forms.]
Question. Prior to the passage of the act of
the 2d of March, 1807, being the tenure of
civil-oflice act, were all the commissions issued
to hold office " during the pleasure of the Pres-
identforthetimebeing?" Were they all issued
in that form ?
Answer. They were all issued in that form.
Question. Since this change have all com-
missions been issued in the changed form ?
Answer. They have been.
Question. Have such changed commissions
been signed by the President?
Answer. Tliey have been.
Question. Has there been, down to to-day,
any other change than the one you have stated?
Answer. None at all, that I am aware of.
Question. Has any commission whatever for
any officer been sent outfrom your Department
since the passage of tho act, except in this
changed form?
Answer. I am not aware of any.
Question. Could there have been, except
by accident, without your knowing it?
Answer. Not unless by accident.
Mr. Manager BUTLER, (to the counsel for
the respondent.) I now propose, gentlemen,
