1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4221
nowise from the section reported by the Cora mit-
tee of Ways and Means except m that it does
provide the holder of the securities of the
United States, whether domestic or foreign,
shall be subjected to an equal tax. Now, 1
desire to say in this connection, Mr. Chair-
man, that tho position I assume about this
matter cannot be snuffed out by any remark
about a skyrocket. The great body of landed
proprietors of this country do not pay one
dollar tax. After deducting costs, expenses,
and exemptions there is no income left to
tax. The result of the operation of the law
is that the great body of landed proprietors do
not pay one dollar income tax, although they
hold half the fee-simple of the continent. The
law is based on the Ameiican policy to en-
courage the productive iudustry of the nation,
from which this provision proposes no depart-
ure, neither does that of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, nor that proposed by !he Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. So far gentlemen
on all sides are agreed as to the general policy.
Then as to the exemption. I said before, and
I repeat now, that when you exempted $G00
the exemption included every soldier, whether
officer or private in the ranks ; and when you
exempted §1,000 yon exempted the income
of the members of this House and of every
other official in this country. Now, the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Massachusetts is
to out off the exemption as to holder of bonds,
and thereby discriminate against the public
creditor. And further, it is a double tax upon
him. Jt subjects him to an income tax of live
per cent, and then an additional five per cent,
on his gains, whatever they may be. There is
nothing said in his proposition about income
tax.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Incomes,
gains, or profits.
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir; incomes, gains,
or profits. If the gentleman means only to tax
five per cent, on the income, why does he not
say so? If that is all he means, what is tho
objection to the substitute of the gentleman
from Maine?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
not any.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, then, weare agreed,
and I am glad we are agreed for once. 1 have
come to the conclusion that it is competent for
the Government of the United States to tax
its securities by whomsoever held, whether at
home or abroad, provided the Government
shall subject r on-resident and alien holders to
the same rule as is applied to citizens of this
country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOAN. I take the floor for the pur-
pose of asking a question or two of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means.
First, I desire to know if ho believes that Con-
gress can confer authority upon the Slates to
tax the public securities of the Government?
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no doubt on that
question. I think Congress can confer no such
power to tax them.
Mr. LOAN. Then they are exempt from
taxation by State authority.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not say that I under-
stood that applies to the tax by the United
States itself upon the income from its bonds.
Mr. LOAN. That is the next question:
whether the United States ean tax its own
securities ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I believe that to be a mere
question of expediency. I think the United
States Government can do it if it is willing to
go into the market and borrow money with the
understanding declared upon its statute-book
that the very interest which it contracts to pay
it will take hack again in the way of taxes.
Mr. LOAN. That is the point I wish to get
at, whether the federal Government has
authority to tax these securities iu the hands
of holders. It'that is the case, I would like to
ask this further question, What is the limit of
that right of taxation ? Is it not possible to
tax the bonds out of existence ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I suppose this Government
could tax them to the whole extent of the
interest, or more, could tax them out of exist-
ence. I hold that there is no constitutional
i! power to give to the States, and no propriety
! in giving to the States under the Constitution
a control over that question to overthrow the
credit of the General Government. But if the
General Governmentitselfshall be mad enough
to tax its own credit out of existence it has the
power to do it.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to put a question to
the gentleman from Missouri. This way of
putting questions and making speeches against
the bill is a very good way to get off jokes in
the House. There is a great deal of talk
about taxing bonds in the holders' hands. I
would like to be informed how many bonds
the gentleman from Missouri supposes, origin-
ally issued by the Secretary of the Treasury,
are now in the hands of those who contracted
for them? I have got some, but I never con-
tracted with the Government for them.
Mr. ALLISON. 1 desire to ask the gentle-
man from Missouri a question ?
Mr. LOAN. Certainly.
Mr. ALLISON. Do I understand the gen-
tleman from Missouri to assert that we propose
by this bill to tax the bonds of the United
States ? Is that his understanding ?
Mr. LOAN. That is my understanding.
Mr. ALLISON. That is not my understand-
ing.
Mr. LOAN. It is disguised, it is true.
Mr. ALLISON. There is no disguise about
it. We tax the man who receives an income
from bonds of the United States the same
amount that we tax the man who receives an
income from tilling the soil or working in the
manufactures of the country. It is a tax on
the individual, not on the bonds or on the inter-
est, but on his income, and nothing less and
nothing more.
Mr. SCHENCK. I believe there is nothing
before tho committee, and I desire to present
something. I propose to amend the original
section before the vote is taken on the substi-
tute.
Tho CHAIRMAN. That is not now in
order, as there is an amendment pending.
Mr. PAINE. I propose to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Pike.J I do not desire to make any
remarks.
The CHAIRMAN. The formal amendments
heretofore offered will be considered as with-
drawn.
Mr. PAINE. I move to amend the substi-
tute of the gentleman from Maine, by striking
out the word " hereafter," and inserting in lieu
thereof the words "at the expiration of one
year from and after the passage of this act.''
The CHAIRMAN. The question is first on
the amendment of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] to the section reported
by the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw that amendment, being satisfied with the
amendment of the gentleman from Maine,
[.Mr. Pike.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the sec-
tion reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means, by adding to it the following:
And the Secretary of the Treasury shall proscribe
regulations ior the purpose of determining in each
case ^ho is the actual owner of the coupon presented
tor payment or ot the mtei est demanded, and whether
any exemption to winch such owner maybe entitled
has been already allowed or is to be deducted.
When this matter first came up I did not, nor
to this moment have I indicated any feeling on
the subject whether foreigners shall be taxed
or not. nor had I said anything on that subject
when the storm was raised. I did feel it my duty
when the question was raised, and there seemed
to be, as I thought, a misapprehension even
among some members of my own committee,
to call attention to the fact that there was a
difference between the proposition made by
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Pike] and the
proposition made by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] and the section as
drafted by the Committee of Ways and Means
in its application to foreigners, and that I ex-
plained by referring to the existing income tax
law. And why ? Because the amendment of
the Committee of Ways and Means does not
undertake to levy the tax ; it does not under
take to establish any system of taxation, but
simply provides a mode for the collection of
a particular kind of income tax. And, there'
fore, the amendment of the Committee of
Ways and Means, not seeking to put a tax sec-
tion into a bill which has nothing to do with
taxes, provides only that hereafter the tax on
any income arising from bonds shall be col-
lected in a particular way. That led us back
of course to see what income did arise, and
looking at the income law every gentleman
could see that under the existing law this tax
upon income is levied upon residents or upon
citizens residing abroad. That is the whole
of it.
Now, sir, I am willing to submit to this
House whether we ought to adhere to our exist-
ing policy, taxingincome only aswe have taxed
it heretofore—that of residents or citizens resid-
ing abroad—or whether we shall extend it to
these foreigners, so far as their bonds are con-
cerned. It is proper that the committee should
understand the difference. I admit, as this
section was drafted, that it does not apply to
foreigners, but only to persons residing here
and citizens residing abroad. I have therefore
prepared an amendment to this section, so that,
if it shall untimately prevail, it may not be
defective in the respect in which I admit it is
now defective.
This leaves open the question how you are
to ascertain, when a coupon is presented or
interest is demanded upon a bond, whether
the person holding the coupon or demanding
the interest is one liable to taxation, and it
leaves open the question to be ascertained
whether a person has or has not already had
the benefit of the exemption. I shall there-
fore move to add to the section a provision
that the Secretary of the Treasury shall pre-
scribe regulation;! by which to ascertain, in
every case where a coupon is presented for
payment or interest is demanded upon a bond,
whether the person who is the actual owner is
or is not, under the existing law, and under
this section, one to be taxed, and also that he
shall prescribe regulations to ascertain whether
he has or has not had his exemption. I think
that amendment is necessary in order to per-
fect the section reported from the Committee
of Ways and Means, whether it shall ultimately
prevail or not. 1 hope the committee will
agree to amend the section in that way, so that,
it the substitute for it moved by the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Pike] should not be adopted,
it will not then be detective in the particular
in which I admit it is now defective.
The amendment of Mr. Sciiexck was
adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am now willing lhatthe
vote shall be taken upon the substitute.
Mr. PIKE. If the committee will listen to
me, I desire to say one word upon the substi-
tute, because the question is now between my
substitute and the section as reported from the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 do not withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. PIKE. I ask that my substitute may
be read, so that what 1 say may be understood.
The Clerk read the substitute, as follows :
And be it further cnaeted. That hereafter a tax of
fivo per cent, on income arising from bonds and
other interest-bearing securities 01 the United States,
except those authorised by this act, payable to tuiy
person, State, municipality, body politic or corpo-
rate company, or society, whether corporate or not
corporate, out of the Treasury oi the United States,
shall be assessed and collected by the Treasurer or
other disbursing ofucers of the United States charged
with paying any interest upon the debt of tne
United States in the same eu'vency in which siua
interest is paid; and such collection shall he niaae
by deduction of the amount of the tax from tne
coupons or interest due at the time o:J^fSnctei]
such interest: Provided, That the having a
from the interest or coupons, if any person bavmga
yearly income of less than $1M ^aUber^anita
to such person in accordance with rules and resula
tions to be made by the Secretary of the lreasuiy,
