31^8
THE (JO iV (jrliESSlOis AL GLOBE.
June 16,
_ Mr. DAWES. I do not want t,o consume
time, although I am willing to discuss the
question, i will yield to the gentleman from
Tennessee simply for a question.
Mr. MULLINS. ] hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts will allow me to make a few
remaiks explanatory of my position. I was
not here when it passe'd before. I will not
consume five minutes of your time.
Mr. DAWES. How long do you want,?
Mr. MULLINS. Five minutes will do me.
Mr. DAWES. I will yield live minutes to
the gentleman from Tetiuessee.
Mr. MULLINS. Mr. Speaker, perhaps the
fewest number of men who live in the State
of Tennessee feel more solemnly or are under
a deeper sense of the importance of the cir-
cumstances which surrounded us than 1 am
myself; but at the same time while this is the
case, I wish the House to distinctly understand
from me that my vote here will be cast upon
the side maintaining the fundamental princi-
ples which stand as the flaming sword before
the gateway of this mighty sheepfold of our
Kepublic. guarding its way, not against men,
but guarding the principles that are here en-
couched and lie environed in this fortification.
I ask why we shall break down that rule in
regard to the test-oath? Let it bo taken by all
good men. I do not say this is a bad excep-
tion, and as a man I have no more to say in
regard to it than I have about the man in the
moon. I for one would be willing to forgive
all that is human to forgive, but, when we
surrender that principle to an individual I
do not want it to be understood nor recorded
in this House that I surrender it and vote to
break down the fortification that stands as the
Word of God to Israel. I maintain that you
should obey it and elevate the principle, put-
ting all upon the high and broad platform.
1 have nothing to say as between all parties
any more than if [ was not a Tennesseean. I
have no more obligation resting upon me than
to record my vote, believing this is a weak
point in the fortification. And now, as my live
minutes are about up, I only desire to add
that [ was in hopes this cup might pass by
me, but being here, I mustclear my conscience
before my country and my God.
Mr. STOKES. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the committee if this amendment of
the Senate repeals or modifies the test-oath.
Mr. DAWKS. It does not repeal or modify
it at all, but it prescribes that this man on
taking the oath of office shall not be required
to swear that he did not participate in the
rebellion.
Mr. STOKES. It is well known to this
House that on a former occasion I took very
high and strong ground against the repeal or
modification of the test-oath. I would do it
again to-day. I would not nowrecord my vote
to repeal or modify that oath generally. But
this is an extraordinary case of my colleague.
Here is a man who presents himself to this
body and asks us to permit him to take his seat.
He comes from one of the most loyal districts
in the State of Tennessee. He comes here by
a larger majority than any other member from
that State. He comes with a larger majority
of .soldiers' votes than any other member from
that State. lie comes into this House with a
majority of nearly eleven thousand votes of
the true and loyal men of Tennessee. Here
is an honorably discharged Federal soldier, who
has served his country, with-his discharge in his
pocket, a man who put his only son in the
Union Army to defend the flag of his country.
The committtee have wisely, as I think, pre-
scribed a way by which this man can he per-
mitted to take his seat in this Hall, and 1 for
one shall vote for the amendment of the Sen-
ate with a great deal of pleasure. At the
same time I do not in any way interfere gen-
erally with the test-oath. I hope the House
will pass the amendment, and do justice not
oiilv to my colleague but to the soldiers and
loyal people of his district who sent him here.
I asTs the House to stand by the proposition of
the Senate.
Mr. CHANLEIt. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts yield?
Mr. DAWES. I will yield three minutes.
Mr. OIIANLER. I am very much obliged.
Mr. DAWES. I would willingly let the
gentleman have all my time so far as I am
concerned.
Mr. OIIANLER. Oh, I understand—five
minutes to Tom and three to Dick. I do not
require one minute to state this case probably.
But this question is an illustration of the whole
course of these proceedings. I am for univer-
sal amnesty.
A Mkmbku,. And universal suffrage?
Mr. OIIANLER. But I do not think this is
the way to begin. I do not think this is a fair
test of the sentiment of this House universally
expressed as it should be in a vote for the ad-
mission of that member. There is no doubt
that during the rebellion Mr. Butler repre-
sented a constituency in the rebel govern-
ment. 1 understand that he went there on
the broad principle of representative govern-
ment, because that was a government dc facto
of bis section of the country. Under that
principle every member of the rebel congress
was entitled to his seat in such political organ-
ization as was phut off from the administration
of this Government by existing war. Univer-
sal amnesty looks to the admission of every
member of the rebel congress with as much
justice, right, and logic as we are now about
to confoss in admitting this member from Ten-
nessee. I do not wish to oppose on any per-
sonal ground the admission of this gentleman,
hut I hope the House will go further and throw
open the door to Mr. Butler's colleagues in the
confederate government, where he sat and
voted and acted with them, as illustrated by the
position in which he put himself upon the
Duncan letter, already fully exposed to the
House and the country.
Mr. DAWES. I believe my friend was for
him when the bill was up before.
Mr. C1IANLER. Your friend is for the
admission of every man who can show a good
record.
Mr. DAWES. Well, that includes this gen-
tleman.
Mr. OIIANLER. Excuse me ; you exclude
a great many gentlemen who are as good as
this one, and i am arguing exactly on that
point. Does the gentleman propose to let him
and all others in here because like me he is in
favor of universal amnesty? Oh, no; but
because this gentleman will, in case of a defeat
before the people and in the Electoral College,
when he conies here, vote with a certain organ-
ization to elect the Chicago candidates by a
vote of this House. He is merely organizing
for another election for presidential candidates
to admit this gentleman upon this floor by a
partisan vote, and five minutes are allowed to
otic man and three minutes to another to state
the facts of the case. I am quite willing that
this shall go before the people as a proof of
the breadth and depth of the earnestness of the
chairman of the Committee of Elections, and
his principles and practices in organizing liis
parly for luture victory. But if lie intends to
organize this Government upon representative
principles, let liitn admit the colleagues of this
gentleman from Tennessee who are now ex-
cluded from any positions under this Govern-
ment by express law as being outside of the
pale of loyalty.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has had
four minutes, and his time has expired unless
the gentleman from Massachusetts extends it.
Mr. OIIANLER. That would beasking too
much. I will ask permission to leave the ques-
tion with a brilliant flash of silence.
Mr. DAWES. Being sure of my friend's
vote ill carrying the measure, I will not quarrel
with his reasons. I now yield for three min-
utes to the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Mavxard. ]
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not think it will
require three minutes, for me to say that in giv-
ing my vote on this question I shall be gov-
erned by precisely the same considerations
1 which two years ago controlled my vote here
on a similar question that related to a gentle-
i man from my own State who was an applicant
f for a seat in the Senate, and wuo, like the
j applicant in the present case, had been during
j the war a Union man, as this gentleman baa
! been. I was, therefore, in favor, as 1 expressed
I myself at the time, of opening a side door to
I let in a friend to the Government, while 1 kept
1 the main entrance guarded to keep out its ene-
i mies ; and it is upon that principle that I shall
I cast tnv vole in favor of the present bill.
1 Mr. "MULLINS. Will my colleague allow
! me one minute?
! Mr. MAYNARD. Certainly; I yield my
! colleague the remainder of my time,
j Mr. MULLINS. This man voted men and
money to the confederate government that
hampered me and ruined my means and put
Union citizens in jail, and I cannot vote to
admit him. I wish him no harm, and I hope
his God will forgive him for it. I can forgive
it, but I cannot break down the barrier.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not stand here vin-
dicating or attempting to vindicate anything
that other gentlemen may have donej it is as
much as I can do to vindicate myself. While
the course of other Union men during the war
may have been different from that of my friend,
and different possibly from what I would have
adopted under like circumstances, yet when I
know that a man was a friend of his country,
and that he acted for what he believed to be
the good of his country, 1 will not stand here
and challenge him on a mere question of judg-
ment even if his judgment should fail to coin-
cide with my own.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I now move the previous
question.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. Will the
gentleman yield to me for a few minutes?
Mr. DAWES. I cannot yield.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. I want the
gentleman to answer a question which may
determine my vote.
Mr. DAWES. 1 will hear the question.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. I voted for
the bill now before the House when it was
formerly under consideration. I desire to
inquire now whether or not this proposition is
intended to be under the proposed fourteenth
constitutional amendment, and whether unless
this bill be passed by a two-thirds vote Mr.
Butler may be sworn in as a member of this
House ; and whether or not it is competent for
this House to pass upon Mr. Butler's case
and admit him, whether this bill receives a
two-thirds vote or not. The answer to these
questions may determine my vote upon this
measure.
Mr. DAWES. I do not know by what rule
the gentleman would cast his vote against this
bill under these ciicumstances. If it is ri "ht
that these disabilities should be removed I
should suppose that fact would govern his vote.
Ijut. that is not a matter for me to determine.
If this bill passes by a two-thirds vote, then it
steers clear of all question under that constitu-
tional amendment, whether it be now a part
of the Constitution or not. If It does not pass
by a two-thirds vote, then, if that amendment
18 a part of the Constitution, this bill will be
«V° aTwiVar ^tCS.' 1 tl10 Previous question.
Mr. HUMBLE, of Kentucky. The gentle-
man has not answered my question.
I he previous question was seconded and the
main question was ordered, which was upon
concurring in the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. MULLINS. I call for the yeas and navs.
liie yeas and nays were ordered.
I'he question was then taken; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 99, nays 28,
not voting 02; as follows:
I Anderson, Archer, Delos It A,h
ley, Bailey, Laker, Banlcs Barnes ♦♦
Benjamin, Benton, Bins-ham, Blaine Bl'S
Broomail, Buekiand, Cake, Churchill Header W
Clarke,Cook, Cornell, Dawes, ri;ihl nL'V
