2174
ISfflB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*-
Mareli 2;7,
U on satisfactorily to his own idea of profit?
ims is a singular defense gentlemen make for
the distiller, and I cannot but sympathize with
them. It is suggested that, although they m ty
lose by selling whisky at $1 50 a gallon, they
make it up by selling a vast quantity. [Laugh-
ter..] . But that will require a sortof back-handed
arithmetic that lam not myself prepared to say
would work out any such result.
Now, sir, I said when this subject was up
before, as I continue to say—for the informa-
tion on that subject is full, clear, and satisfac-
tory—that wherever distillers and dealers in
distilled spirits are engaged in committing
frauds upon the law they are in ninety-nine
cases out of a hundred aided by one or more
rascals in the revenue department of the Gov-
ernment in doing it. Therefore it was that we
put into the amendment as proposed in the
House from the Committee of Ways arid Means
a provision to catch the collectors, assessors,
and other officers. That not having been
agreed to by the Senate, we have gone to out-
general bill upon the subject and taken another
section out therefrom, which we ask the House
to pass in advance, as it was unanimously
agreed to by the managers both of the Senate
and House, and which will best explain itself
by simply being read to the House without
argument. We propose to add this amend-
ment as an additional section:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That if any officer
or agent appointed and acting under the authority
of any revenue law of the United States shall be
guilty of a gross neglect in the discharge of any of
the duties of his office, or shall conspire or colludo
with any other person to defraud the United States,
Or shall make opportunity for any person to defraud
the United States, or shall do or omit to do any act
with the intent to enablo any other person to defraud
tae United States, or shall make or sign any falso
certificate or return in any ease where ho is by law
or regulation required to make a certificate or re-
turn, or having knowledge or information of the vio-
lation of any revenue law by any person, or of fraud
committed by any person against the United States,
or any revenue law of the United States, shall fail to
report in writing such knowledge or information to
his next superior officer and to the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, he shall, on conviction, bo fined
not less than $1,000 nor more than $5,000, and bo im-
prisoned not less than six months nor more than
three years.
I think by that section, which is part of our
general bill, and which the managers of the
Senate have agreed with the managers of the
House to put upon this bill for immediate oper-
ation, we have struck at the root of the whole
matter—a provision that there shall be heavy
fines and imprisonment measured out to any
revenue officer of any grade whatever who shaft
be concerned in any way in aiding, conniving
at, or committing any of these frauds upou the
revenue. Now, unless gentlemen desire further
explanation, I propose to call the previous
question.
Mr. HUNTER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man whether, when the general tax bill is re-
ported, he expects to have this section placed
m it, so that the question cau be discussed by
the House?
Mr. SCHENCK. Unquestionably.
_ Mr. HUNTER. Or is this the only discus-
sion to be had on the section ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I have said again and
again, and I repeat now for the satisfaction of
my friend from Indiana, [Mr. Huxter,] that
we do not expect it will be possible nor do we
think it would be right to attempt to get a long
general law on the subject of internal taxation
through this House without having a free dis-
cussion of its various provisions ; and it will
be not only the purpose but the desire of the i
committee, when they bring in this general bill I
containing this and other sections relating to !
frauds and every other matter, that there shall !
be the fullest opportunity for amendment and 1
for discussion. j
Mr. KELLEY. I would like to put a ques- !
tion to the gentleman. I would inquire whether !
it would be practicable for the House, or whether j
any good result might be obtained from it, to '
non-concur in that part of the report by which j
the provision of the Senate imposing a two
mill tax on articles hitherto exempt from tax
has been accepted by the committee. I would !
like, if practicable, to have the House non-
concur in that amendment of the Senate and
concur in the rest.
Mr. SCHENCK. I suppose the gentleman
is aware that by parliamentary law this report
of the committee of conferehce will have to be
accepted as a whole, or rejected as a whole, and
I will say to the gentleman that I have not the
slightest idea that the Senate will agree by any
managers that they may appoint to any other
provision in regard to the two-mills tax than
the one we have in this bill. The matter was
fully discussed in the committee of conference.
Mr. PIKE. I would inquire whether this
two-mills tax is to be in addition to the tax now
paid by commission merchants, or whether it
is to be a substitute for it?
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir; it is not an addi-
tion. Thisdoes not apply to commission mer-
chants'. \V e have a similar provision with re-
gard to commission merchants. Our system
of special taxes is this : that a man shall pay
ten, twenty, or twenty-five dollars as a special
tax imposed upon hull for the business he car-
ries on, and then we provide in the case of
manufacturers and dealers that, in addition,
there shall be a further special tax of two mills
on their sales above $5,000.
Mr. PIKE. By the present law commission
merchants pay a tax on sales, and my question
is whether, in addition to that, they are to pay
this two-mills tax ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Oh, no ; this does not
relate to commission merchants. This relates
only to manufacturers ; there is nothing said
about commission merchants. If the gentle-
man means what I think he does, I will explain
that there has been a construction of the law
by which, if a commission merchant sells goods
for another party, the commission merchant
makes a return and is taxed, and the owner of
the goods makes a return and is also taxed.
By our general law we have provided that there
shall be deducted from any tax paid by the
owner of the goods that tax which he shall show
that his auctioneer or commission merchant
has paid on the goods, because we think that
the construction of the law which has prevailed
was wrong and has amounted to a double tax
on the same goods. That we have provided
against in our general law.
Mr. SELYE. A few days since the House
passed a bill, as I understood, to relieve man-
ufactures from taxation, and there was a
general rejoicing all over the country that labor
was not to be taxed in this country except on
whisky, tobacco, and other luxuries. Now,
then, i would like to know why the gentleman
consents to bring in a bill at this time to tax
them, notwithstanding what he has promul-
gated and the Committee of Ways and Means
have said here over and over again? The
country understood that manufacturers were
not to be taxed hereafter, and I would like to
know how much better off' they will be now
than they were before ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to say, in the first
place, that the gentleman has entirely misap-
prehended the position taken by the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means. The committee have
uniformly said that while they desired to re-
lieve these industrial pursuits, these manufac-
turers of the country, from the onerous tax of
two, three, and-five percent., imposed upon
their manufactures, yet they would have to
retain the special tax and the tax on sales.
The gentleman asks what good it will do to
manufacturers. Why, that is a question of arith-
metic. Just the difference between five per
cent, on the article and two tenths of one per
cent., and with the further difference that that
two tenths of one per cent, is not imposed on
any part of it until the sales get to be above
$5,000.
Now, Mr. Speaker, there is no disposition
on the part of anybody unnecessarily to impose
taxes upon the labor of the country, as the
gentleman from New York expresses it. Some- :
thing has to be taxed ; taxes must be raised ; j
and, on looking over the whole field, the com- |
mittep became satisfied, as. I think, the whole !
country is satisfied, that as far as it is possible
to relieve from taxes, the first, relief should be
extended to those things which are the product
of the industry of the country in the shape of
its manufactures. In pursuance of that idea
they have lifted this onerous burden of a direct
tax of heavy percentage off all those articles
when thus produced.
But, inasmuch as there must be a revenue
raised, we have limited the tax—not taken it
away entirely—to a mere special tax in the
nature of a license for carrying on the business;
not formidable, not large. And then when the
business is considerable, the sales amounting
to more than $5,000 a year, we put a small tax
on the excess of sales over $5,000. That is
the whole story.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to ask the gentleman a question.
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to inquire if the Committee of Ways and Means
have considered whether, under the law of
nations, it is possible for them to assess upon
the conquered enemy an amount of money
which would very considerably reduce the
amount of the public debt and of the public
taxes, whether that question has been before
them at all and considered by them?
Mr. SCHENCK. No, Mr. Speaker, we
have left all that to the Committee on Recon-
struction, and have confined ourselves to the
preparation of general provisions of lav/, weigh-
ing upon all alike. If any special revenue, to
be derived from the source to which the gen-
tleman refers, is to be obtained, we suppose the
provision for that purpose ought rather to come
from the Committee on Reconstruction than
from our committee.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The gen-
tleman certainly is not in earnest.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania.. The gen-
tleman cannot think that is a proper subject
for the consideration of the Committee on
Reconstruction. The gentleman is at the head
of the Committee of Ways and Means, and if
he js going to pursue the course which other
nations have pursued, he will inquire whether
a portion of the revenue of this country can be
raised from a conquered enemy. If it cannot,
then we must submit to the necessity of raising
all our revenue from other sources. I asked,
in good faith, whether that question had been
considered at all by the Committee of Ways
and Means, and I received a sneering answer
from the chief of that committee, who seems to
think that the true system for this country to
adopt is that our own loyal people shall bear
all the burdens, and the conquered enemy go
entirely free.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman says ha
asked me the question in good faith. I say I
answered in equal good faith, and without any
sneer at all, that the Committee of Ways and
Means have not felt that it devolved upon them
to propose any measure for the seizure of the
property, either real or personal, of the people
in the rebel States, whom, I suppose, the gen-
tleman refers to when he speaks of a conquered
enemy. The committee have confined them-
selves to general legislation, affecting all citi-
zens everywhere, so far as the laws for the
raising of revenue are concerned. And I say
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vexsJ that I think it would be going beyond
the objects for which they were appointed, and
beyond the duties conferred upon them by your
rules, for the Committee of Ways and Means to
attempt anything else than what I have indicated.
_ And I might give another reason for our ac-
tion in that regard. As we were not a com-
mittee to direct the seizure of real or personal
property, but only to provide means for levying
a tax for purposes of revenue upon such prop-
erty, we might have found that while the
Government was waiting for revenue from that
source, we were trying to sue a beggar and
catching only a flea.
Mr. BENTON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question.
