1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1-161
atid its ship of supply had been fired upon by
the rebels._
Well, sir, vigor and patriotism prevailed.
The Star of the West was sent out and she
was repulsed, and then, as this record that I
have read shows you, the next question was
whether a ship of war that could give blows
as well as take them should be sent to that
beleaguered fortress. And then, it having
been decided that the Brooklyn should go,
although unhappily she drew so much water
that she could not get over the bar, _ Mr.
Thomas on the very next morning_ publishes
to the country, rebels and all, that it is not in
his power to defend the Constitution of the
United States and support the President of
the United States in the measures that, by
dint of great exertions, Mr. Stanton and Mr.
Holt and Mr. Black had succeeded in getting
carried to relieve that fortress. He threw up
his commission in the face of the enemy and
told the President boldly to his face that the
reason why he would not continue at his post
was the fact that a ship of war was on its way
to Charleston to relieve that fort. And yet
my honorable friend from Illinois [Mr. Trum-
bull] has just told us that when Mr. Thomas
resigned there was nothing but peace 1
But, then, Senators say treason and_ rebel-
lion and that sort of thing are very different
from theft and from murder, and so on ; it is
rather a sentimental crime on the whole; and
it is not worth taking much notice of. Why,
Mr. President, we ought not to consider things
of this kind as a joke, as a mockery. There
is, after all, something real in that bond of
society which makes it aerimeto undertake to
overthrow it. Do Senators forget that it is the
bond of society, the disruption of which is
treason, that upholds everything else ? Where
is property, where is life, where is virtue, where
is progress or prosperity of any kind save that
you hold fast to the rock of the Constitution
• and the bond of society? And yet Senators
tell us that we must not look with very criti-
cising eyes upon conduct of this character,
because, after all, it was only making part of
a great war, as the Senator from Illinois tells
us, rather a large thing that shook the conti-
nent with the tread of its armies; and, so far
as it affects the propriety of personal conduct,
it is rather trifling to descend into a criticism
of individual men. I had supposed that it was
otherwise. I had really been brought up in
the faith that underlying everything that was
good and substantial and safe was this love of
country and this determination that fills the
law and makes treason the highest crime; that
we could descend to the individual citizen who,
being in no seceding State, although that would
make no difference to my mind, who, not hav-
ing even the wretched pretext of standing up
for State rights, being a citizen of a loyal State,
that is now represented by a loyal Senator,
throws up his commission in the face of such
events as those, because, in spite of his resist-
ance, tha weak President of the United States
bad been galvanized into activity enough to
reenforce that fort.
But this is not treason ! Oh, no ; it is not
even misprision of treason ; or, if it were, that
is a very small offense ; it is rather ridiculous
to take notice of it, Senators say! Mr. Pres-
ident, I am astonished at such arguments. The
Senate must have forgotten, as this debate has
gone on and as events have drifted so rapidly,
the precise circumstances under which this
man left his post in that Cabinet on the morn-
ing of the 11th of January, 1861. My friend
from Maine is mistaken, I think he will confess
himself, when he supposes that in the face of
these events this letter only refers to the ques-
tion of stationing a ship and collecting the cus-
toms outside of the harbor of Charleston. It
must clearly, I think, refer to that great drama,
or rather tragedy, in which Mr. I homas was
an actor on the wrong side, and which went
against his views on the night before, when he
threw up his commission. Here is the proof
of it. The daily papers of that time, as I have
said, from night to night and from morning to
morning, rang all the changes of this great
contest over the possession of this Govern-
ment ; and he was upon one side and Edwin
M. Stanton (whom the Senator from Wisconsin
drags into this debate as if to give him a taste
of that slander which that Senator himself ex-
perienced not long ago) was fighting upon the
other.
If one was supporting his country the other
could not have been, for they were striving in
opposite directions. So acting and so retir-
ing, this man went over to Maryland, to the
Eastern Shore—a land famous in the annals of
tkis war as being a country that furnished more
stalwart young men to the rebel side than any
loyal State ever did or ever will again—and
there he stayed. And what did he do ? He
seems to have lived on his farm in comfortable
circumstances, and the first that we hear of
him is in the testimony of his son as to his
specific acts; and that was upon a memorable
occasion ; many in the North have not for-
gotten it; it was when Maryland and Penn-
sylvania were invaded by the rebel army. This
son was determined to join the rebel army at
that time, while their banner was raised over
loyal soil. Then the father said to him—and
not at other times, as gentlemen would have
you suppose—"Why, you are making war upon
Maryland if you go into this war; Maryland
has not gone out of the Union." There is a
remarkable coincidence in point of time with
this constitutional, or legal, or patriotic objec-
tion, if you can call it such, that this man ad-
vanced. It was when the stars and bars were
over the soil of Pennsylvania and of Maryland
that it was done; and at no other time.
But we know something more of this gentle-
man during this period of time. The book of
the testimony shows that while at his own resi-
dence, surrounded by his old family associates
and friends, the lines, as they always are in
these civil wars, and as they always must be
so long as there is a distinction between right
and wrong, were tightly drawn ; social affinities
were given up. The men who were upon the
loyal side and stood by the Union associated
together by themselves; the others by them-
selves. They had no topics in common that
they could talk about.' They had many secret
schemes undoubtedly that could not be com-
municated to each other. The Unionists were
endeavoring to protect themselves and to aid
the country; the sympathizers with the rebel-
lion were endeavoring to protect themselves
and to aid the rebellion; Where was Mr.
Thomas? He, unhappily, was on the rebel
side. His most intimate friends and associ-
ates, with whom he had grown up from boy-
hood, and he ceased to be even on speaking
terms. They bow as they meet in the streets
and pass by silently. And yet this patriotic
man lives still upon his farm and blandly ad-
vises his son, when his own State is invaded,
that ho rather thinks he had better not join the
enemy at that time. That is what they call
loyalty to-day 1
Sir, is there any dispute about this ? You
can read the testimony. Mr. Thomas himself
was present in the committee during the whole
of this investigation, and heard the whole of
this testimony, examined the witnesses, was
free to be a witness himself, did make state-
ments as a witness, whether under oath or not
I do not remember; but he was careful to let
no word drop from his lips to correct any false
impression, if it had been false, that we might
have got from this chain of testimony as to
where he stood during this great struggle. He
was silent when he was accused1 of associating
exclusively with the sympathizers of the rebel-
lion. He was silent when a word from him, if
it had been true, could have shown us that
from some other motive or some other mis-
fortune it was that he appeared in this ques-
tionable light. There was not a word from him.
Must we not, then, take it that he was where
his act in 1861 showed him to be continuously
through that struggle?
What then? At last the rebels were de-
feated in Maryland and Pennsylvania and went
back, as it is written of the evil spirits, to the
place from whence they came ; and this young
man, still under the legal and moral control
of his father by the laws of Maryland, a mere
child in the hands of his father for everything
that parental authority or constitutional duty
could require, wanted to join the rebel army.
Did he try to run away, to escape in the night?
Was he afraid that liis father would turn him
over to the authorities, or shut him up, or
restrain him in any physical way? Oh, no.
They talked of it frequently. He wanted to
go ; and what kind of advice did his father
give him? Did he say, "My son, we are on
the loyal side; if you are to go at all you had
better go to Washington and enlist in the Mary-
land line that is fighting under the stars and
stripes instead of exposing yourself to death
in getting through the Union lines to join your
comrades who are fighting on the other side?"
Oh, no. He said, "You are going to be a doc-
tor, and you will slip up in your studies; you
are my only son, ana will be exposed to priva-
tion; you will not get any credit for it"—the
old gentleman was right about that; he will
not get any credit for that—" and I do not think
you had better go; I implore you not to go;
but.if you, on the whole, think you will I will
furnish you the means to do it with."
Now, Mr. President, when I say "the means
to do it with " I use substantially the language
of the father himself. I do not draw from my
imagination at all. It was the effort of the
defense, if I may so call it, conducted by my
honorable friend from Maryland—and no man
knows better how to keep an ugly truth out of
sight than he—to show that this money was
advanced upon the mere sympathetic spur
and emotion of the moment, and, therefore,
although it might be a crime in a strict and
severe sense, yet it was a venial one that the
sympathy of the moment would almost turn
into a virtue. The son had a little property
of his own, as most sons have, a sail-boat and
all those other utensils of pleasure that young
men like to enjoy; and in his desire to join the
enemies of his State as well as of his country he
proposed to dispose of all that he had, not to
give it to the poor exactly, as the Scripture
says, but to buy a gray suit aud army boots
and a gun and a blanket, with which to join
his comrades from the Eastern Shore in the
rebel lines. The father wanted to make it out
that he was not ignorant of the fact that the
son could have gone without his assistance. I
did not see the point of his making it out. If
ho did it would make it a little worse, to my
mind; but that is what he wanted to do, and
in so trying he alludes to this contribution by
unmistakable language as the essential outfit
of the enterprise.
But, sir, why do we dwell upon the mere
use of language by this man after what we_ know
of his history and of the transaction itself?
What was the fact, without weighing language
precisely? Here the boy himself was a noto-
rious rebel, if it is not uncivil, if it would not
offend the ears of my friend from Illinois, who
believes this to be a great man. He was a
notorious rebel; he was a traitor within the
language and spirit of the Constitution and the
laws; and his father, knowing that treason,
and knowing that he was setting on foot an
expedition to join the enemies of his country,
knew also that this boy could not take a step
either personally or legally without his volun-
tary consent. He was in his power perfectly
and absolutely. Instead of taking any step
whatever, as has been so well said by my friend
from Massachusetts, to give notice to theautlior-
ities when a war was on foot, that this young
man also was about to join with his musket
and bayonet the enemies of the Constitution
and of the country, he is silent. _ Instead ot
his taking any step himself to i e strain this 3 oung
man, who was absolutely under his legal and
parental control, he coolly advances to him the
money, which the young man himself confesses
he needed—to do what with? To keep him
from starving? Was he hungry, then? No.
Was he naked? No. He wanted the $100
