1152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
to travel to the enemy's lines with, to pay his
a f? j fe' to buy tho gray homespun suit
that he did buy, the army boots that he did buv
to get through the lines with. He set out upon
the expedition tarnished with that money, for
which it was really and actually used. As the
boy himself says, he set out with the money.
He bought these things with it in Baltimore.
He endeavored to get through the lines on the
upper i otomac, which, as we all know, were
guarded with oui■ sons. For three or four
weeks he was occupied with his comrades in
trying to get across. How many there were of
them 1 do not knowbut we all know, as a
matter of history, that there were hundreds
pressing from Maryland of the same class as
this boy to get through the lines all the time.
How many of our soldiers fell during those
three or four weeks that he was making a hos-
tile attack from this side to get out we do not
know; but we have a right to infer that a young
man of the spirit and ability and strength that
this young man had, with his comrades, and
famished with all the material necessary to
make this warfare, having the sinews of war,
the purse full in his pocket, we have a right to
suppose that the time was not made any easier
for our poor lads along the Potomac than it
would have been if the old gentleman had kept
his boy at home.
And yet my friend from Illinois [Mr. Trum-
bull] gays, and my friend from New Jersey,
[Mr. FRELijMJHuysfix,] whose heart is as ten-
der as his head is clear, says, and others say,
' Why, after all, this is an honorable man ; he
only yielded to the sympathies of the moment;
it was rather an affectionate kind of treason,
after all." I do not know but that it was. It
was.^ probably, loyal! I think we had better
call it loyal!
Mr. DRAKE. Patriotic!
Mr. -EDMUNDS. Patriotic! Ithinkitwas!
Now, I wish to call the attention of the gen-
tlemen who are of that way of thinking to what
is a fine description of a traitor. We have
found oat that this man by this course of con-
duct was demonstrating his fidelity to the Con-
stitution, and was doing no act which gave any
encouragement or aid or assistance of any kind
to this young man or to any other mail who
was engaged in hostility against the country.
This man, as clearly demonstrated by our
friends, is loyal! Now listen to a sworn de-
scription of what is, therefore, a disloyal and
a traitorous man:
"tiichuid H. lintier, of lawful ago, who, beingduly
gworn according to j;nr, deposes as follows:
" Question. Pleaso state it you ure the sou of It. It.
Butler, meuibei-cioct to Congress, and if you wove
connected with the rebel army; if so, state how you
became so connected, and how Sons you remained
with said anny, and how yon came to Isare the said
army ?
" An.v<i^jr. I am the son of K. It. Butler, morober-elcct
to Congress. In the sf ring of 18G.'i thero was a rebel
company stationed near the residence of my father,
in Johnson county."
This was in Tennessee.
Mr. WILLIAMS. What are you reading
from?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will tell you presently.
" The officers of said company persuaded me to go
off with yaid rehel company, and in their persuasion
with mo to join the rebel army they said fhey would
furnish me a horse and necessary equipments, except
saddle and bridle. I consented to go with said rebel
company unbeknown to my father, who was bitterly
opposed to the rebels in every manner conceivable.
And further, when said company was ordered away
from this. Johnson, county, my father had gone to
Taylorsville, and I had carried niy saddle o'.v:iy and
concealed it, and as the company passed my lather s
house I went oft with said company. 1'he omcers ot
Said company told me, when X started away with thom,
that if my father loilowed them they7 would protect
mo and not let him take me away froin them, fitter
wo started away my father, hearing of the company
taking me mill them, followed the company of rebels
that I was with and overtook them about six miles
from home, and took mo out of the company ana
made me carry my saddle and bridle on uiy back tiio
whole of the distance back home, and whipped mo
several times on the road home; and alter i get-
home he whipped me so severely that niy motaer
had to intercede for me. Jly lather stated that he
had rather see lue with my throat cut from ear to ear
than for mo to have gone into tho rebel army.'
This is from the evidence in the ease of Mr.
Butler. Thero is a traitor for you; Thomas is
a patriof. They are not at all alike, you can
see from the testimony; and I infer from the
argument of my friend from Oregon, and my
friend from Illinois, and my friend from Now
Jersey, that the world has got upside down in
some way or other, and that this Mr. Butler, of
Tennessee, is a tremendous traitor for his con-
duct toward his son who was joining the rebels,
and that Mr. Thomas is clearly the person
mentioned in the Constitution and in this law
as the man who has given no aid or encourage-
ment to tho rebellion. I think even the Sen-
ators themselves will be able to see that there
is, to say the least of it, a slight distinction
between the conduct of those two gentlemeif.
Mr. President, is it possible that we are to
be_ told by sensible men that conduct such as
this Mr. Thomas is, by his own confession,
proved to have been guilty of, gave no coun-
tenance or aid or encouragement to that son
who was him.-elf, as I have said, a traitor and
liable to the penalties of treason the very mo-
ment that he set on foot this expedition?
But Senators say that the motive is tho great
thing that runs all through criminal law, and
it the man has a good motive, if his motive is
not hostility to the country, if that ia not his
real purpose and design, then ho is perfectly
innocent.. Let us test that a little. 1 hope I
shall not shook anybody's nerves when I take
the case ol theft for illustration. A hungry
man (and there are a great many in this Dis-
trict) breaks into your house at night to steal.
He does not know you ; he does not intend to
do you any harm; but he takes a little pork
out ot your pork barrel and carries it home to
his children, and he is arrested the next morn-
ing. _ Does any lawyer pretend to say, does any
publicist pretend to say, does any moralist pre-
tend to say that that is not tho crime of theft?
It may go a great way with the judge who is to
pronounce sentence after he is convicted as to
the degree of punishmant that he will inflict
to know that this was the motive of that poor
man. Did he design to do any wrong to any-
body? Not at. all. It was tho highest motive
that can appeal to a well-regulated mind—that
ot love and affection for his children in present
need and suffering—not as this young man was,
in the pride and strength of manhood, with his
sail-boats and shot-guns about him; but the
suifering of hunger impelling the thief to break
into your house and steal, and yet you convict
him and send him to the penitentiary.
But these new doctors of philosophy would
have you believe that that has always been a
great mistake, and that stealing, where any-
body was hungry, or where it was for any other
purpose than to destroy the stolen goods, ought
rather to be encouraged of the two. Sir, 1 do
not believe it. It is not the law, and it never
was ; it is not ethics. Senators itave forgotten
the distinction between that great class of
crimes where it is the injurious act to the
community or to the person that is the essence
of the crime, and those which rest, as murder
does, upon what is called malice prepense, a
malicious determination beforehand to do in-
jury. And yet Senators all know that even
in a Case of homicide, as manslaughter, there
may not be any such motive in it, but it may
bo the result of a sudden gust of passion or of
frenzy, even in the defense of a child, which, I
take it, is a much stronger case than being
afraid that your child will get short of rations
somejmonths hence in the rebel service—a pros-
pective state of starvation and want, indeed.
Now, take treason itself. Is it any neces-
sary ingredient in the crime of treason that it
should be stirred up and promoted by a desire
to destroy the people against whom you make
war or from whom you secede? By 110 means,
Aaron Burr—a name not unknown to Senators,
I take it—when he conceived the magnificent
scheme of founding an empire iti the South-
west, had no design to overthrow the Govern-
ment of the United States, at least his friends
said ho had not, and he was tried upon thai !i
basis. He only wished to lop off a portion of p
the then redundant territory of ot>r country |
and set up an empire of his own ; and yet the ij
learned counsel who defended him with a vigor ii
of intellect and a breadth of fancy that have
never been excelled, failed to discover this
new light that has dawnc-d upon the modern
doctors of law, that it is necessary in order to
convict a man of treason to prove, in addition
to the injury and the fact of his levying war,
that he did it for the purpose of overthrowing
the Government itself. Senators forget when
they are discussing this question that it is the
very act itself of levying war against the coun-
try or of giving aid or countenance voluntarily
that constitutes the,crimes. Why should it
not? For the reason that the crime is of that
nature that it is injurious to society, and it is
just as injurious whether it is committed with
one motive or another. The law only makes
one exception, and that exception is charac-
terized by the very definitio'n that is contained
in this law and this oath ; that is, that it must
be voluntary, because a man who is acting
under duress is not supposed to be the master
of his own actions any more than an insane
man ;. it is not his act. But what is duress ?
How far must a man go to excuse himself from
ait act of treason by law and by morals? The
law-books all lay it down in this way, and I
need not tako time to read much, that a man
in order to excuse himself from an act of war
against his country, or an act of furnishing
money or troops, or giving intelligence to the
enemies of his country, must stand in danger
of instant death. That has been decided a
thousand times from the sources of the com-
mon law down through all history to this day,
in this country and every other. And yet gen-
tlemen tell us that this man, who having an
affection for his son furnishes him with money
to guard against prospective want when he is
fighting against his country, has committed no
crime. To show that 1 have stated the law
correctly let me refer to a work of admitted
authority:
"The same principle is to bo applied in construing
the phrase 'adhering to the enemies of the United
States' aa is adopted in the interpretation of the
phrase 'levying war.' Both were taken from the
samo English statute, and the rule laid down by
Marshall, 0. J., in Burr's case, that the common law
definitions were to be considered as authoritative,
bears equally on either. Under the English statute
every assistance yielded by a citizen to the enemies
ot the Government undur which he lives, unless given
from a well-grounded apprehension of immediate
death in ease of a refusal, is high treason within this
branch of the statute. ^Therefore, if citizens ol the
United States join public enemies in acts of hostility
against this country, or even against its allies, or de-
liver up its castles, torts, 01 ships of war to its enemies
through treachery or m combination with them, or
30m the enemy's forces, although no acts of hostility
be committed by them, or raise troops fortheenemy,
or supply them with money, arms, or intelligence,
although such money, intelligence, &e., be inter-
cepted and never reach them, all these are eases of
adhering to the enemies of the United States, and
the paities are guilty of high treason under the fed-
eral (sontt itution. Xfc has been ruled by a learned
judge that delivering iip prisoners and deserters to
tho enemy is adhering to them, giving them aid and
eomiort, and 13 treason against the United States.
r f-P1? ™"excu3,° H10 aet hnt a well-grounded fear
2737 — ™'larion s American Cnmtnctl Law, section
Why, sir, we had in this country ibr a good
while a law which until recently has boon en-
forced, called the fugitive .slave law; and roon
have been tried and convicted time'and
fur harboring fugitive slaves, concealing them
from their masters. What was their motive,
do you suppose? Did they want to make
sla^es of them? Did the (/linkers in Penn*
syl\ani«x, the State of my trieiid over the way.
who were rather in the habit of giving aid aud
comfort to these runaway people, want to make
slaves of them, does he think? Was their mo-
tive very evil? I suspect not. Now, let us
see what sort of ^fato reached them ; and it was
tho law, unhappily, even in a case as extreme
as that,. Says Mr. Justice Washington, a name,
too, historic, in the ease of Hill iv. Low:
tim uon woul. ircndcr.the an offender uud^r
w-Vv T* °iUt that ** toe deiondant knmnnsrly and
Willingly obstructed the plaintiff in scuin? the find-
tn o, no could not allege in his defense igT.oram eoi t he
Ivi'f Wn belief that the tH^ou eLiinied
as a lugitivedid not, in fact, owe service lothorbiw-
