118
SUPPLEMENT TO
know. Did the letter of authority in most of
these cases—take Hunter's case and Apple-
ton's case, for example—proceed from the
head of the Department or from the Presi-
dent?
Mr. EVARTS. We object that the papers
must be produced if their form is to be con-
sidered as material.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I am not asking
for form ; I am asking for fact.
Mr. EVARTS. That is the fact, as we sup-
pose—what the authority or the form of au-
thority was.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I am asking now
from whence and by whom issued; whether
the letter, whatever may be its form, came di-
rectly from the head of the Department to the
Chief Clerk, Mr. Hunter, or to Mr. Appleton,
who was the chief clerk, I believe—whether it
came directly from the head of the Depart-
ment or from the President.
Mr. EVARTS. The objection we make is
that the letter of authority shows from whom
it came, and is the best evidence of from whom
it came.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Suppose it should
happen to turn out that there was not any
lsttsr
Mr. EVARTS. Then you would be in a
situation where you could prove it by some
other evidence. The question is in regard to
letters of authority.
Mr.Manager BUTLER. I am asking from
whom the authority proceeded, because I do
not know now to whom to send to ask to pro-
duce the letter until I find out who wrote it.
The CHIEF JUSTICE, (to the witness.)
Were any authorities given except in writing
and by letter ?
The Witxeks. Only in writing.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I again say, sir,
that I am not able to know whom to send to
until I can ask from whom those letters came.
That is competent always.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. You can ask where
tfce papers are: where these writings are pre-
served ?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Well, I am in-
clined, may it please your Honor, to put this
question, with the leave of the presiding offi-
cer. [To the witness.] From whom did these
letters of which you speak come?
Mr. CURTIS and Mr. EVARTS. That we
object to.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The honorable
Manager will reduce his question to writing.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. What I propose
to ask is whether any of the letters of author-
ity this witness has mentioned came from the
Secretary of State or from any other oflicer.
if he says they all came from the President
that will end the inquiry. It' he says they all
came from the Secretary of State then I may
want to send for them. I really cannot un-
derstand the objection.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Do the counsel
for the President object to that question?
Mr. EVARTS. We object to proof of the
authority sought to be proved, except by the
production of the writing by which the witness
lias stated that in all cases it is evidenced. If
it is sought to be proved who made a manual
delivery of a paper where manual delivery was
made to this witness, this witness can speak
concerning that, and give such information as
pertains to that; but he can go no further.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I am not now
proving the authority ; I am proving the source
of authority. 1 am endeavoring to find out
from which source of authority these letters
came. If they came from the President, that
is one thing, and then I can apply there, if I
choose, for them : whereas if they came from
the Secretary of State, that is another thing,
and then I can apply there. I am asking, in
the usual course of examination, as I under-
stand the examinations of witnesses, whence
certain papers came; were they the papers of
the Secretary of State or were they the papers
of ilie President? That does not put in their
effect.
Mr. CURTIS. Do you mean to inquire who
signed the letters of authority ; is that your
inquiry?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I meant'o inquire
precisely whether the letter of authority came
from the Secretary or from the President.
Mr. CURTIS. Do you mean by that who
signed the letter, or do you mean out of whose
manual possession it came into this gentle-
man' s ?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I mean, sir, who
signed the letter, if you put it in that form.
Mr. CURTIS. That we object to.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. 1 do not do that
for the purpose of proving the contents of the
letter, but for the purpose of identification of
the letter.
Mr. CURTIS. The signature is as much a
part of the letter and its contents as anything
else.
Mr. EVARTS. Is this offered to prove who
signed the letter ? We say the paper itself will
show who signed it.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. The difficulty is
that unless I talk an hour these gentlemen are
determined that I never shall have the reply
on my proposition. My proposition is not to
prove the authority, nor to prove the signa-
ture, but it is to prove the identity of the paper ;
and it is not to prove that it was a letter of
authority, because Mr. Seward signed it, for
instance, but it is to prove whether I am to
look for my evidence in a given direction or in
another direction. If the witness says that
Mr. Seward signed it, for example, I should
have no right to argue to the Senate that,
therefore, it was the authority of Mr. Seward ;
but I am desirous, if I can, to ascertain whether
it is worth while for me to go any further than
to argue this question ; and the objection seems
to me over-sensitiveness.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the question propounded by the honorable
Manager.
The Secretary read as follows:
Question. State whether any of the letters of author-
ity which you have mentioned camo from the Secre-
tary of State or from what other officer?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. "Came from the
Secretary of State." Do I understand you to
mean signed by him?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I am not anxious
upon that part of it, sir. I am content with
the question as it stands.
The CHIEF JUSTICE^ The Chief Justice
conceives that the question in the form in which
it is put is not objectionable, but 
Mr. Manager IjUTLER. I will put it, then,
with the leave of the Chief Justice.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
was about to proceed to say that if it is intended
to ask.the question whether these documents
of which a list is'furnished were signed by the
Secretary, then he thinks it is clearly incom-
petent without producing them.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Under favor, Mr.
President, I have no list of these documents ;
none has been furnished.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Does notthe ques-
tion relate to the list which has been furnished ?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. It relates to the
people whose names have been put upon the
list; but I have no list of the documents at
all. I have only a list of the facts that such
appointments were made, but I have no list of
the letters, whether they came from the Presi-
dent or from the Secretary or from anybody
else.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. In the form in
which Ui_e question is put the Chief Justice
thinks it is not objectionable. If any Senator
desires to have the question taken by the Sen-
ate he will put it to the Senate. [To the
Managers, no Senator speaking.] You can
put the question in the form proposed.
Mr. Manager BUTLER, (to the witness.)
State whether any of the letters of authority
which you have mentioned came from the Sec-
retary of State, or from what other officer.
Mr. CURTIS. I understand the witness is
not, to answer by whom they were sent.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I believe I have
this witness.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
will instruct the witness. [To the witness.]
You are not to answer at present by whom
these documents were signed. You may say
from whom they came.
The Witness. They came from- the Pres-
ident.
By Mr. Manager Butler :
Question. All of them ?
Answer. Such is the usual course. I know
of no exception.
Question. Do you know of any letter of
authority for the Chief Clerk acting as Secre-
tary of State which did not come from the
President?
Answer. I do not.
Question. Will you upon your return to the
office examine if there is any aud report to me?
Answer. I will.
By Mr. Stanbery:
Question. Mr. Chew, I see by this list only
one instance of the removal by the President
of a head of Department during the session of
the Senate, and that was an early one, May 13,
1800. You know nothing yourself about the
circumstances of that removal?
Answer. Not at all.
Question. You do not know whether that
officer had refused to resign when requested,
or not?
Answer. I do not.
Question. In your knowledge since you have
been in the Department of State in the last
thirty-four years, do you know of any in-
stance in which ahead of Department when he
has received a request from the President to
resign, has refused to resign ?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Stop a moment;
I object to that.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Do the counsel
for the President press the question ?
Mr. STANBERY. Not now, sir. We have
the records.
By Mr. Stanbery:
Question. Have you examined the records
of the Department to ascertain under what
circumstances it was that President Adams re-
moved Mr. Pickering from the head of the Stale
Department in 1800 while the Senate was in
session ?
Answer. I have not.
By Mr. Manager Butler :
Question. Do you know that he was removed
while the Senate was in session of your own
knowledge ?
Answer. I do not.
Mr. STANBERY, (to the Managers.) You
have proved it, gentlemen, yourselves.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I now offer, sir,
from the ninth volume of the works of John
Adams  
Mr. STANBERY. There you will find it,
I guess.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I offer from the
ninth volume of Little & Brown's edition of
1854 of the works of John Adams by his grand-
son, Charles Francis Adams,, what purport to
be official letters from Timothy Pickering, Sec-
retary of State, to John Adams, President,
and from John Adams to him. Is there any
objection to my reading them?
Mr. JOHNSON. Will you state the page,
Mr. Manager?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Pages 53, 51, 55.
I offer these printed copies as the best evidence
of official letters of that date, it is so long ago.
We have not been able to find any record of
them thus far, but we are still in search. Is
there any objection?
Mr. STANBERY. Not at all.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Then I will read
them:
Sir;.As I perceive a necessity of introducing a
change in the administration of the office of State, I
think it proper to mako this communication of it to
the present {Secretary of State, that lie may have an
opportunity of resigning, if he chooses. I should
wish the day on which his resignation is to take place
to be named by himself, I wish for an answer to this
letter on or beiore Monday morning, because the
