3200
PIE CONGRESSIONAL (xLOBK
June 10,
years before. In 18G1 the State of Virginia
wentiuto the rebellion, and during the progress
of the war the Government of the G nited States
took possession of the canal and aqueduct. The
canal wasnearly destroyed. The aqueduct was
turned into a btidgi: for the use of the Govern-
ment and the public and used for five years for
the transportation of troops, munitions of war,
&c., into Virginia. During that period the old
aqueduct was about worn out.
At the close of the rebellion the old company
resumed possession and control of the canal,
but found itself bankrupt and without the means
to prosecute the work of repair. They there-
fore advertised that they would lease it to any-
body who would take it for a term of years tor
a fair consideration. The gentlemen named
in this bill came forward and made a lease
with the old company for ninety-nine years for
a certain consideration in money to be paid 10
the canal company. Fearing that the old canal
company had no authority in law to make the
lease, and that the State of Virginia had acquired
jurisdiction over the company by the act of
retrocession of 1840, these gentlemen, Messrs.
Wells, Qnigley, and Dungan, went to the Legis-
lature of .Virginia in 1807,1 think, and secured
the passage of an act authorizing the old com-
pany to make a lease and continuing any lease
that they might make.
The question may be asked why Congress
should ratify that grant or action of the Vir-
ginia Legislature. It may be said that it is
a rebel Legislature. I think not. it will be
remembered that Governor Peirpoint formed
a government, and established its headquarters
at Alexandria, during the rebellion in 1803,
and that that Legislature was recognized by Con-
gress when it, required the assent of the Vir-
ginia Legislature to the creation of the Slate
of West Viiginia out of the domain of old Vir-
ginia. After the suppression of the rebellion
this Legislature went to Richmond with Peir-
point at its head. In 1807 an election was
ordered, which was acquiesced in by the admin-
istrative authorities of the Government after
the suppression of the rebellion, and that elec-
tion resulted in the election of members of the
Legislature loyal to the Government of the
United States, and who have been recognized
as such up to this time. That is all the con-
nection that the Legislature of Virginia lias
had with the subject, it is proposed that the
corporation may have authority to make this
lease, and the sanction of that Legislature is
required.
.Now, then, what is asked by this bill? These
lessees of the old canal company have gone on
and expended the necessary amount of money
to put the old canal in thorough repair. They
have built a new aqueduct at a cost of at least
$250,0U0 to replace the old one which the Gov-
ernment used during the entire war without
compensation to the old company. They now
propose to build a bridge for tiie use of the
public on the same piers and on the top of the
framework of the aqueduct. It will make a
very convenient bridge, as regards location, for
the convenience of the public both in Virginia
and in the District of Columbia. They pro-
pose to build a bridge and to be remunerated
by the tolls that they shall collect. It will be |
remembered that there are two other bridges ■
in the District of Columbia—the Long Bridge !
and the Chain Bridge—and the people will at !
all times have their option over which bridge j
they will cross. It will be entirely at their !
option whether they will use this bridge for !
compensation to the builders or not. That is !
all there is in this bill. The committee have j
examined the proposition thoroughly, and, I j
believe without a dissenting voice, have recom- I
mended the passage of the bill as a public J
convenience, interfering with no public or I
private rights whatsoever in the District of J
Columbia ; and if nobody desires any further ,
information I will ask the previous question. !
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois; Oh, I
hope my colleague will not call the previous I;
question. I hope he will let us discuss this !:
bill a little.
Air. INGERSOLL. I cannot yield for dis-
cussion at the present time. If my colleague
proposes an amendment 1 will hear him, or I
will yield for a question only.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am much
obliged to my colleague for his courtesy. I
would like to move some amendments to the
bill. I do not know that it is in order to move
an amendment if the gentleman insists on the
previous question, but 1 presume the House
would like to know something in regard to the
bill before it votes upon it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not yield for the
purpose of discussion. I have told the House
something about the bill already, and if my
colleague is not satisfied with the bill I will
yield to him to offer amendments.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Iwillsug-
gest an amendment to my colleague.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I object to debate. If
the gentleman will suggest au amendment I
will hear it.
Mr. W'ASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is a
provision in the fifth sectiou of the bill that as
soon as the bridge is so far completed as to be
ready, lit, and convenient for the passage of
persons and animals, &c., but there is no pro-
vision here as to who shall certify when the
bridge is ready and fit. I propose to amend
that.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I yielded for an amend-
ment. and not for debate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am
stating an amendment and referring to the
portion of the bill to which it is applicable.
But I will first propose to strike out a portion
of the fourth section, it provides that the
said railroad shall be kept on the same footing
as postal roads are required to be kept. There
is no objection t.o that, but there is to what
follows, namely, "and the same is hereby
declared to be a postal road." I would like
to know of my colleague why he desires to
have such a provision as that in the bill ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. What objection have
you to it?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What is
the purpose of making this particular piece
of railroad specifically by law a pos'al road
for the benefit of this company. Does the
gentleman object to striking that out?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Well, not very much.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, let
it be stricken out, then.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will say in reply to the
gentleman from the Galena district, [Mr,.iVAKH-
bi'R.ve]—for I want to treat my colleague with
candor—the citizens of Georgetown many
years ago in their corporate capacity brought
an action against this Alexandria Bridge Com-
pany upon the ground that it was an unlawful
structure over a navigable liver, and was a
nuisance. You will find the case reported in
12 Peters. The Supreme Court held in that
case that it was not au unlawful structure; and
confirmed the decision of the circuit court, I
which dismissed the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Ifthatbe
so, then what is the use of this extraordinary
legislation ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will tell the gentleman.
No longer ago than last winter the citizens of :
Georgetown brought another action against j
this company upon the ground that, it was an
obstruction of the navigation ofthix river. The ■
ease was heard before the supreme court of
the District of Columbia, and after an elabo- :
rate argument, and a long hearing, the court ■
decided that it was a legal structure and not a i
nuisance, and dismissed the case. We have
thus had the adjudication of those courts upon
this question, and it is, perhaps, not really im-
portant for the interests of this company that j
Congress shall declare it a postal road, or a
public way for the Government. But it can do j
no harm, and will put at rest the constant litiga-
tion that the citizens of Georgetown insist upon ;
as against this company. j
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is j
just what I supposed was the reason why this I
was put in here. There is a matter of litiga- :
tion between this company and the city of
Georgetown. '
Mr. INGERSOLL. Oh! no.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. J here has
been.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Yes, sir.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. And gen-
tlemen want to come in here and cut oil
Georgetown and everybody else by patting tins
extraordinary provision in this bill.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. Will the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Ingeksoll] yield to me.'
Mr. INGERSOLL. For a question.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I wish to inquire
whether by a permanent provision ot the
present law all railroads are not postal roads
now? That is my impressiou, and I once had
something to do with tliis subject.
Mr. IN GERSOLL. if that is so, then lot
this provision on this subject be allowed to
remain in this bill. But I am not aware that
such is the law.
Mr. TRO WBRIDGE. I think it is.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I know that in the
Wheeling bridge case the company was chap-
tered to build a bridge ; and the Pennsylvania
Railroad Company brought suit against, tile
bridge, because, as that company alleged, it
was an obstruction to the navigation of the
Ohio river.
Mr. BROOM ALL. The city of Pittsburg
brought the action.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I think both the city
and the company did so. The States of Ohio
and Virginia chartered a company to build that,
bridge. One action was brought by, I think,
the Pennsylvania Railroad Company ; that is
my recollection, though I may be wrong about
that: still it was a Pennsylvania interest that
brought the action. Up to that time there
had been no congressional action whatever in
reference to that structure. Subsequently to
bringing that suit the bridge company came
before Congress and asked for some affirmative
legislation which should recognize it as a law-
ful structure. I do not say how that legis-
lation was got through Congress, for I do not
know, I was not here, i simply know the
fact that affirmative legislation was had. And '
the Supreme Court alter that recognized the
action of Congress as valid and binding upon
the Supreme Court when it declared that to be
a lawful structure and a post road. I have not
looked at the point whether all railroads are by
general law declared to be post roads or not.
Mr. fROWBlilDGE. They are.
Mr. INGERSOLL. It may be so; if they
are not, they ought to be. However, if the
House wants to strike out this provision I am
willing that they should do so.
1 he question was then taken upon the
amendment of Mr. Washburxe, of Illinois;
and it was agreed to. '
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is
another amendment which I think my friend
will be as willing to agree to as he has been
to this amendment. It is provided that as
soon as this bridge shall be completed for the
passage of vehicles, &e., they shall be allowed
to charge a toll. But there is no wav in which
that is to be determined : nothing is said about
who is to^ determine that fact.
. ^r' ^GERSOLL. If no one can cross the
bridge of course they cannot be made to pay
any toll. v J
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the
gentleman near me. We ought to provide,
before these parties shall be allowed to cnarye
this toll, that their road shall be completed.
™ove to amend section five, so it will read
as follows :
enacted. That a-s soon as
the cuitf engineer ot the Army shall eel-lily to tlio
^"boTeadf f, that.Sa,d   «, tar curnple
f-Miu tn 4\ " nuance, me iuliovvaig
tolls, to wit: lor any foot passenger eiuwu    
animal^t^^d(raWU by lwo
tbirty-fivo cents, bat no extra Vhar^slS'l
