1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2l7f.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that resolution
had better lie over. It would be impossible to
answer it. The information the Senator wants
is contained in printed reports so far as it can
be given. How is it possible to furnish all the
information lie asks for? I object to the reso-
lution. Let it lie over until to- morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it goes over under the rule.
TAX ON MANUFACTCKES.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the
Senate proceed to consider the report of the
committee of conference on what is known as
the manufactures bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senatf _
resumed the consideration of the report of the'
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to
the bill (II. R. No. 900) to exempt certain
manufactures from internal tax.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to make a state-
ment of the point involved, so that the Senate
may understand precisely what the report is.
There is no controversy between the two Houses
as to any of the amendments made by the Sen-
ate to the bill, because they have all been con-
curred in-substantially as the Senate passed
them. The modifications only relate to mat-
ters to carry into execution and to make more
clear and definite the amendments of the
Senate.
But the House of Representatives attached
an amendment relating to whisky to one of the
Senate amendments. There was nothing in the
bill in relation to whisky, and consequently
thus introduced the subject in the nature of an
amendment to an amendment. Ordinarily, I
should regard this as a fatal obj ection to the prop-
osition, and we should have resisted its passage,
because it is contrary to the usual course of
legislation and an improper example. The
House admitted that that was wrong usually,
but they insisted that the circumstances justi-
fied the addition of the amendment; that they
were j istilied in taking advantage of the pen-
dency of a bill relating to the internal revenue
to pass a measure demanded by the Secretary
of the Treasury and by the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue to stop an immediate injury
to the public service. They based it on the
exceptional condition of affairs.
The amendment, as it was passed by the
House of Representatives, was totally inad-
missible, according to the opinion of the Sen-
ate conferees. It contained three or four prop-
ositions that I would not agree to, and none
of us, I think, would agree to. One is that the
mere selling of whisky below two dollars a
gallon in any distiict should be prima facie
evidence upon which a distiller might be con-
victed of fraud and sent to the penitentiary.
Another clause is that upon the selling of
whisky in the market for ten days consecutively
in any district below the tax the collector and
assessor of that district and the district from
which it came should be suddenly suspended
without any further inquiry—a proposition that
we would not at all consent to. We therefore
opposed the proposition of the House. Then
they submitted to us whether, under the pecu-
liar circumstances by which we. were sur-
rounded, it was not important to adopt some
measure that would at once stop the distillation
of spirits.
It was shown to us that although the price
of spirits in the city of Philadelphia was now
about one dollar a gallon, tax paid, and in the
city of New York a little over a dollar a gal-
lon, and all through the country was far less
than the tax, yet distilleries were going on in
the large cities in great numbers, going on at
a time when the product of their distillation
would have to pay a tax to the Government of
two dollars, while its market value was a little
over one dollar, and it was palpable that this
was a case of fraud, and that no distillery
could thus be continued unless the expecta-
tion was to sell the product of the distillation
jn fraud of the law. The question was whether
we were entirely powerless to check this. Un-
40tii Oon«. 2i> Sess.—No. 137.
der the bill we passed sometime since prohib-
iting the exportation or redistillation of spirits
from bonded warehouses it is impossible for
the whisky "ring" or those persons who are
defrauding in whisky to get whisky out of
bonded warehouses. Heretofore most of the
frauds have been in getting the whisky out of
bonded warehouses, and in that way evading
the law; but now that door to fraud is at least
partially closed. There are something like
twenty million gallons of whisky in bonded
warehouse, and it is probably as safe there as
it can be anywhere. At any rate the frauds
in getting it out of the warehouses have in a
measure stopped. The result has been that
the distilleries are started again with a view to
kg£jniold of whisky before it goes into bonded
arehouse; and it is now being manufac-
tured in New York, Philadelphia, and most
of the great cities to a large extent. Under
these circumstances we agreed as an excep-
tional matter to the two last sections attached
to this bill. If Senators will look at them, as
they are now printed before them, they will see
precisely the extent of them. I will read them.
The fifth section provides:
That every person who shall engage in or carry
on the business of a distiller with intent to defraud
the United States of the tax on the spirits distilled
by him, or any pait thereof, shall forfeit tiio dis-
tiileiy and distilling apparatus used by Him, and all
distiiied spirits and all raw materials for the pro-
duction of distilled spirits, found in the distillery and
on the distitiery premises, and shall, on conviction,
be fined not less than $o00 nor more than $o,000, and
be imprisoned not less than six months nor more than
three years.
There is certainly no objection to that. To
convict a man you must prove the intent. The
next clause is the one to which objection might
be made ordinarily:
If it shall at any time como to the knowledge of
tho Commissioner of Internal ltevenue that distilled
spirits are selling, directly or_ indirectly, in any col-
lection district at a market price less than the tax on
such spirits, he shall forthwith institute a strict ex-
amination into tho causes of such i educed sates, and
into the business and conduct of ail the revenue
officers m the district m which such sales are being
made, and in the district in which such spirits have
been manutactured: and if sueh sales below tho
amount of the tax shall have been continued or shall
hereafter be continued in any collection district lor
a, period of ten days, the Commissioner of internal
"Revenue shall forthwith cause every distilieiy in
which the business of distilling is carried on in the
district to be seized and closed; aaid alter sueh seizure
no such distillery shall be permitted to continue or
resume business, either undcr'oond or any other pre-
text or arrangement, until relieved by tho Commis-
sioner ol internal ltevenue from sueh seizure.
The whole legal effect of this provision is
that where a distillery is being carried on under
circumstances that plainly and palpably involve
a ease of fraud the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue shall stop distilling in that district
until a different state of facts occurs. 1 do not
see that there is anything very harsh in that.
It was suggested here last night that perhaps
interested parties might run whisky into a dis-
trict with a view to keep the market price for
tpn dajs below lliotnx, and thusstop a distillery.
It would be very easy to stop a distillery for a
few days, but no such action is likely to arise.
At any rate, if this results in stopping every
distillery in the United States until the new
machinery which Congress proposes to provide
shall take effect with a view to collect the tax,
no great harm will be done. No harm will be
done now by stopping any distillery. The
season of the year has arrived or nearly arrived
when the distilleries should properly stop m the
ordinary course of their business. If the effect
of this law should be to stop, on the passage
of the act, every distillery in the United States,
no harm would be done; we should still have
in bond an ample stock of whisky to make
everybody drunk for one hundred days, and by
the time the new machinery takes effect we
shall probably be able to collect a portion of
tho tax. The present state of things is that
whisky is being made and no tax is being
collected.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
make a suggestion ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. I think the theory upon which
this section is framed is a correct one, but the
j conclusion to which it comes seems to use very
strange. The section is framed on the theory
that the selling of whisky below the tax de-
manded by tlie^ Government is evidence of
fraudulent dealing. The only consequence
which the section imposes on fraudulent deal-
ings, thus conclusively proved, is that every*
body in the district, whether engaged in those
sales or not, is stopped from manufacturing
whisky ; so that the penalty falls upon the just
and the unjust alike, and the penalty is nothing
more than to just stop distilling liquors; and
the section does not allow that penalty to be
imposed until they have looked on and seen
the sales going on for ten days. Now, I ask
the Senator if this section is not likely to work
a good deal more mischief than good, so con-
structed?
Mr. SHERMAN. The only effect it can
have is to stop distilling, and that, I think, is
not a mischief, but a good. The objection of
the Senator from Wisconsin is that the section
is not strong enough, not harsh enough; but
that was not the objection we feared to encoun-
ter in the Senate, and therefore we made it
what we thought would answer a good purpose,
and yet not so as to violate the rules of law and
rules of evidence. But, sir, I will go on with
my statement of what these sections provide.
The next section is nothing but a criminal
provision touching certain defined offenses by
officers of the revenue service. I do not think
there isanj thing remarkable in that, but it adds
a little to the penalties contained in the pres-
ent law. The law now does not provide pen-
alties for some of the offenses named there,
and this defines them very clearly and punishes
them by imprisonment. It extends to all reve-
nue officers. The House bill, as it was origin-
ally framed, required at once the suspension of
all the ofliccrs on a given state of facts over
which they might have no control.
So far as the actual disagreeing votes between
the two Houses are concerned, I believe they
have been reconciled substantially upon a basis
satisfactory to the Senate.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, last evening, on
a casual reading of this report, I made an in-
quiry as to what the scope of it was, and I was
not satisfied with the answer. The same an-
swer seems to be made this morning by the
chairman of the committee. I think that the
theory of this legislation rests entirely on an
unsatisfactory reason. The penalties attached
to a breach of the law with regard to distilla-
tion are in the shape of punishments for crim-
inal offenses; and they rest on the idea that
the distiller has been guilty of a criminal of-
fense, and hence the penalties attached. Now,
sir, 1 believe the presumption of law always
has been, and always will be, that a man is to
be considered innocent until he is provedguilty.
That has been the theory of our law, and I
hope it will continue to be. But here, sir, is
a provision that assumes prima facie the guilt
of all the men engaged in a certain business in
the same district. To that I object entirely. I
suppose that men may be engaged legitimately
in the business of distilling as well as in other
business, and a man who pursues that business
legitimately should not be subject to seizure
and the results consequent on a seizure of this
kind for the guilt of another.
Let me illustrate. Probably there is very
little whisky sold, comparatively, in the district
where it is manufactured. Suppose, for in-
stance, that I am a distiller in the city of New
Y ork ; the Government has put its meters upon
my distilling apparatus, and it has the eyes of
its public officers on my distillery day and
night. I am paying honestly two dollars a gal-
j Ion tax on every gallon I manufacture. From
the city of Cleveland one hundred or one thou-
sand gallons of whisky are run into the eighth
distiict of New Y'ork, if that, is the district in
| which lam distilling, and sold for$l SGagalion.
Those sales continue for the term often days. I
donotknowit. Iamnotoiferinganyofthearti-
| cle that I manufacture for sale. J am carryingon
| business upon my capital, not forced to sell, not
i desiring to sell, and with the approbation and
