1154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
sity for them. The reasons given by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts in his amendment, if
they stood alone, would not, in my judgment,
justify the exclusion of Mr.- Thomas. The
mere fact of his having given to his son a sum
of money, without all the surrounding circum-
stances being stated, and his mere neglect to
disclose the fact that his son was going into the
rebel lines would not, in my judgment, be suf-
ficient groufid of exclusion, because much may
be forgiven to parental feeling, and we can
hardly sustain ourselves in assigning such rea-
sons for excluding a man from position as a
Senator of the United States. While, there-
fore, I concur with the Senator from Massa-
chusetts in the result at which he arrives, I
shall certainly vote against his amendment
proposing to give reasons for it.
I base my vote mainly upon the conduct of
Mr. Thomas in the winter of 18G0-G1. The
events of that winter are as indelibly impressed
upon my mind as any events of my life. I
remember every day of the terrible month of
January, 1861. I remember the depression
that rested upon the minds of members of Con-
gress and the whole people ofthe United States.
I remember the anxiety with which every event
from the 1st of December, 1860, until the 1st
of February, 1SC1, was marked by the people
of the United States. Every day in that
memorable period was equivalent to an era in
ordinary times.
When the message of the President of the
United States came to us in December, 1860,
declaring that although secession was uncon-
stitutional there was no power to resist it, that
was a yielding by the head of the Democratic
party in a great measure to the doctrine that
then was endangering the Union. We all knew
then that a conspiracy had been formed in our
own midst, in this Senate Chamber, and in the
House of Representatives, to break down this
Government of ours by force of arms. No one
then contemplated that this Government would
be dissolved without battle and war. Alter
the election of Mr. Lincoln the men who in-
augurated the rebellion organized war; they
contemplated war; they provided for war; they
prepared for war; they bought arms and am-
munition and made all the arrangements for
battle, and they appealed to the god of battles
to maintain them in that contest. Step by step
this organization progressed. Here in the
Senate men met together and by telegrams
advised the people of the southern States to
resist by arms and by war the authority of the
United States. They environed Fort Sumter,
garrisoned by a little band of less than a hun-
dred men, with more than three thousand
armed men. They seized upon b ort^Moultrie;
they seized upon every place occupied by the
United States that they could possibly seize
upon. They seized upon our arsenals. Step
by step they proceeded, and every aet was an
act of war.
We were engaged in careful and anxious
watching for the progress of these events; but
the first, perhaps the most open, act of war
occurred on the 0th day of January, 1861. _ Up
to that time there was probably no organized
resistance to the authority of the United otates,
or none so organized as to amount to war.
The previous seizures of arms and ammuni-
tion had been in the nature of mobs and riots;
but on the 9th day of January, ISbl, this war
commenced by the firing of organized troops,
consisting of infantry, artillery, and cavalry
organized, upon the Star of the Yl est on i s
way to Sumter to relieve a garrison then envi-
roned by hostile arms. 1 Ins was the first act
of war; and it occurred on the .nh day of Jan
uarv, 1861. On the ICtli day of January we
had the news here in Con^e3S,Th^e^
then that war had commenced, lhe debates
on the 10th day of January will sliow how this
matter was felt. If you will rcferto the record
you will find that at once a debate sprang up
in the House of Representatives m which th
gage of battle was offered and accepted, it
was there stated by members of the House of
Representatives that if the South would per-
sist in this mode of resisting the authority of
the United States war must be the result. It
was on the 10th day of January, if I recollect
aright, when that issue was first made, and
war was accepted by the southern members.
They knew, then, from the spirit aroused among
the people'of the northern States that we would
not allow this Government to drift into anarchy
and to be broken into atoms without an appeal
to arms. Every man in Washington knew it.
The feeling aroused by the firing on the Star of
the West was only a premonitory symptom oi
what occurred when Fort Sumter was fired
upon. There was the same resolute determin-
ation, the same invincible courage manifested
then by the people of the North and the people
of the South that was more manifest afterward ;
men took their sides ; the old bonds that bound
men together in party alliances were snapped
into atoms. Then it was fur the fiist time that
Mr. Stanton, Mr. Holt, and other leading
members of the Democratic party sided with
the great body of those against whom they had
been opposed for life; then it was that Doug-
las and his patriotic associates announced their
purpose, if war must come, to resist war with
war.
Mr. President, what at that time was the
condition of Mr. Thomas? He was then a
member of the Cabinet of _ Mr. Buchanan.
These facts were known. By his implied assent,
although against his vote, as it came out after-
ward in the history, the Star of the West was
sent there with these provisions. He was dis-
satisfied with this aet of relief; and what did
lie do ? The 0th of J anuary was the day of the
firing on the Star of the West; the 10th came ;
it was known what had been the fate ot this
expedition ; and on the 11th day of January,
in the midst of the war, after the first gun had
been fired, he did all that he could to break
down this Government of ours; he committed
an act which, in my judgment, although per-
haps not technically an act of treason, was yet
an act of assistance to the public enemy more
marked and distinct than if he had at a subse-
quent stage taken a musket and shouldered it
and gone into the rebel ranks. On the 11th
day of J anuary, after this act of war was known
hero, and its effect all over the country was
known, when moii had arrayed themselves for
or against the Union, and for or against the
preservation of the Union by force of arms,
this gentleman, then occupying the high posi-
tion of Secretary of the Treasury, abandoned
the Government; and not only that, he gave
as his reason for its abandonment that this
Government had no power to maintain itself.
But in order that I may not do him injustice
I will read from his letter written after these
facts were known to every citizen of the United
States within reach of the telegraph. Under
date of January 11, 1801, he writes to Presi-
dent Buchanan:
" My Dear Sir : It has not been in my power, as you
aie aware, to agieo with you ami with a majority oi
your constitutional advisors in tho measures winch
have been adopted ill reference to the present con-
dition ot things in South Carolina; nor do X think it
at all probable that 1 shall bo able to concur m the
views which you ciitcrtjiin, so lar us X unucrstftnd.
them, touching the authority under existing laws to
enfoice the collection of tho cublouls at the port ot
Charleston."
Here is the point presented under the cover
of a good many words. What is the point
made by Mr. Thomas? Was there a mere
technical defect, in the laws by which the col-
lection of the customs could not be made?
Not at all. The defect was in the Constitution
of the United States, according to his theory,
that there was no power in the Government
against the ordinance of secession of South
Carolina to do one single thing in maintaining
the authority of the United States. The ground
taken by him, although not expressly stated,
was that against the ordinance of South Caro-
lina a United States officer could not collect
the customs in a port of South Carolina; and
if the doctrine then maintained by him was
true the South was fight and we were wrong;
all the blood that was shed in this war should
1 properly be charged to the people of the Uni-
ted States. Here this man, then, after the
war had commenced, holding a high position
of trust under the Government of the United
States, abandoned that position, left his post of
duty, and gajve as his reason for it the very
ground which justified, if anything could, the
war waged by the South against the nation.
It seems to me that neither Mr. Thomas nor
any of his friends can doubt where he stood
then No man doubts that then Mr. Thomas
was a secessionist, an enemy to his country, a
man who would not use the necessary means
to maintain the authority of the country;, and
here he deserted, not the Republican party,
for I would not vote against Mr. i nomas
because he is a Democrat, but he deserted all
that loyal mass of the Democratic party who
felt as I did when the Star of the est was
fired into and when Fort Sumter was fired
upon. He took his place with Robert ioombs
and Jefferson Davis and all those men who
threw their lives into the contest, and he is as
guilty as they. . The act of Mr. Thomas two
days after the Star of the West was fired into
was an act of assistance as open, direct, pal-
pable, and influential as any_ act by any of those
leading and prominent traitors. He took his
place with them, and since that time^to this
hour he never has wavered from that line.
I have no doubt that Mr. Thomas is a gen-
tleman. Certainly he is a man of kindly man-
ner and pleasing address; and I have no
doubt he is a gentleman in every sense of the
word; but it is not for that we should allow
him to take a seat here. If he has, in plain
violation of the law and oi tlie^ oath of office,
aided or assisted in this rebellion, from its
incipient stage to this hour, he is not entitled
to take the oath of office and he is not entitled
to seat here.
I say he has done that; and from that first
act to this hour he has never shown that he
regretted the aet; and all that he has done
since that time is perfectly consistent with the
position which he took two days after the Star
of the West was fired into. What did he dp?
lie went to his farm in Maryland and was quiet
there, and gentlemen say that is an evidence
of loyalty; but his neighbors, many of them
leading men of Maryland, testify that all his
moral influence, whatever it was, was against
the cause of the Union; and one significant
fact is testified to by two or three witnesses,
that he applied two or three times to vote at
the elections in Maryland, and when the pre-
scribed oath was put to him he refused to take
it and vote. Why? Senators may say that he
had constitutional scruples about the power of
the Legislature of Maryland to prescribe an
oath. If he had refused to vote at the first
two or three elections he might have shielded
himself by this pretense; but he refused to vote
after the people of Maryland, in their new con-
stitution, had prescribed the oath. He still
refused to take the oath then, and never, by
act or word or deed, showed loyalty to the
people of the United States or loyalty to the
Union.
I do not wish to go into the matter in regard
to his son, because we all know very we'd the
strength of the parental feeling. Undoubtedly
he did not resist the desire of his sontogointo
the rebel army as a true and loyal man would
have done. But if I were called upon to de-
cide the question on that alone I might for-
give him, because I know that none but the
old Roman was expected to sacrifice his son
for the benefit of his country. We must not
expect impossibilities of men ; and therefore I
do not place upon the fact of his having given
money to his son the great stress that other
gentlemen do. I.c-t us look, however, at the
reason for his doing it. The mere giving of
money to his son for any purpose whatever
■ might not be sufficient; but what was the ani-
j tuns? Gentlemen say he resisted his son's
: going, and tried to persuade him not to go ;
| urged him not to go. Why? Did he tell his
| son that it was wrong to fight against the
! Union, against the country, against the invader
I of his State, and the enemies of his nation?
