120
SUPPLEMENT TO
But, however, as it was the duty of John
Adams to send it first to the Senate, I presume
he did his duty and sent it first to the Senate
before he sent it to Pickering, I mean to say
further, thatit being all done on the same day,
it must be taken to be at the same time in law.
But another piece of evidence I adduce is, that
he asked Pickering to send in his resignation
becauseitwas necessaryto send a successor to
the Senate as soon as they sat, which he did.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Do the honorable
Managers require the Executive Journal any
further?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. No further.
Mr. STANBERY. We have a certified copy
of it.
[The Journal was returned to the Secretary's
office.]
Charles E. Creeoy recalled.
By Mr. Manager Butler :
Question, (submitting papers to the witness.)
Upon receipt of that notification by the Presi-
dent of the United States that he had sus-
pended Mr. Stanton according to the provis-
ions of the civil tenure-of-office act, .what was
done ?
Answer. A copy of the executive communi-
cation waa sent to the Treasurer, First Comp-
troller, First Auditor, Second Auditor, and
Third Auditor.
Question. Have you the letters of transmis-
sal there?
Answer. I have.
Question. Will yon have the kindness to
read them ?
Answer. Here is one :
Treasury Department, August lo, u8g7.
Sir: In accordance with tho requirements of the
eighth section of an act entitled " An act regulating
the tenure of certain civil officers.'' I transmit here-
with a copy of a letter fiom tho President notifying
this Department of tho suspension of Hon. K M.
Stanton from the office of Secretary of "War and tho
authorizing of (general Ulysses S. Urant to act as
Secretary of War ad interim.
I am, very respectfully,
ixugtn Mcculloch,
Secrctant of the Treasury.
It. W. Taylor, esq., First Comptroller, &e.
The same letter was sent to the others.
Question. Are those officers the proper
accounting and disbursing oliicers of the De-
partment?
Answer. They arc for the War Department.
Question. Then, if I understand you, ail the
disbuising ofticeis of (he Treasury for the War
Department were notified in pursuance of the
act.
Mr. CURTIS. We object to that.
Mr. FVARTS. That is a question of law.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Were thereupon
notified?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Wore you there to know of this
transmission ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Did you prepare the papers?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Did you prepare them in pursu-
ance of any other act of Congress except the
civil tenure-of-oflice act?
Answer. No, sir.
Mr. Manager B UTLER. That is all. [A
pause.]
Mr. CONNESS.. I was going to move a
recess; but if the witness is to be cross-exam-
ined now 
Mr. STANBERY. That will answer. 1 can
wait until tho recess.
Mr. JIOWAUD. Let the examination of
this witness be finished.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I cau say to the
Senate that we shall reach within a lew min-
utes a place to rest.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Does the Senator
from California withdraw his motion?
Mr. CONNESS. I understand the counsel
to wish a recess at this time. I move a recess
for fifteen minutes.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The honorable '
Manager informs the Senate that lie expects !
to close his evidence within a short time. !
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I expect to close
it with certain exceptions which I shall name.
Mr. CONNESS. There appears to be a
difference of opinion ; I only desire to repre-
sent the wishes of the body. I think we had
better have a recess.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. How long?
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate
take a recess for fifteen minutes.
The motion was agreed to; and the Chief
Justice resumed the chair at fifteen minutes to
three o'clock, and called the Senate to order.
Mr. CONNESS. There seem to be but few
Senators present and I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. No; I hope not.
Mr. CONNESS. If there is any chance of
getting them in, I will withdraw the motion.
Mr. SUMNER. The better motion would
be a call of the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. That is notjn order.
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Chief Justice, it is sug-
gested to me by my colleagues 
The CHIEE1 JUSTICE. Is the motion with-
drawn ?
Mr. CONNESS. I will withdraw it at
present,
Mr. CURTIS. It is suggested now by my
colleagues that I should make known to the
Senators thatit is our intention, if the testi-
mony 011 tho part of the prosecution should be
closed to-day, as we suppose it will be, to ask
the Senators to grant to the President's coun-
sel three days in which to prepare and arrange
their proofs, and enable themselves to proceed
with the defense. We find ourselves in a con-
dition in which it is absolutely necessary to
make this request, and I think, and my col-
leagues agree with me in that 
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
suggests to the counsel that it would be better
to postpone that matter until the Senate is full.
Mr. CUR TIS. The reason why I thought of
making it known at this moment, Mr. Chief
Justice, was that I was under the apprehension
that there might be some motion for an ad-
journment, which might in some way interfere
with this application, when it would not be in
order for me to present it after such a motion
to adjourn.
Mr. Manager BOUTWELL. Mr. President
and Senators, in tho schedule "B," offered
a short time since from the State Department,
the first name that appears among those ap-
pointed during the session of the Senate is that
of Timothy Pickering, who from that record
appears to have been appointed Postmaster
General on tho 1st day of June, 1794. We
think it a proper time to call the attention of
counsel for the respondent to the statutes
which we suppose explain the nature of that
proceeding. This is the only appointment of
the head of a Department which appears from
this. record as having been made during the
session of the Senate. The statutes are first
a statute of the 22d of September, 1789, in
which it is provided "that there shall bo
appointed a Postmaster General: his powers
and salary, and the compensation to the
assistant or clerk and deputies which he may
appoint, and the regulations of the Post Ofiiee
shall be the same as they last were under tho
resolutions and ordinances of the late Con-
gress." And it was provided in the second sec-
tion '' that this act shall continue in force until
the end of the next session of Congress, and
no longer.'' Showing that it was merely a con-
tinuance of the post office system that existed
under the Continental Congress.
Mr. JOHNSON. ■ Ywll the Manager give
the date of that act?
Mr. Manager BO I FWELL. That act was
passed on the 22d of September, 1789. On the
4t.Ii day of August, 1790, the Congress passed
a supplementary brief act in these words:
_ "That the act passed the last session of Congress
intituled An act for the temporary establishmentof
too Post Office be, and the same hereby is, continued
in toree until the end of the next session of Congress,
and no longer."
Vv hieh was a continuance of the continental
system of post office arrangement. On the 3d
day of March, 1791, Congress passed another
act:
"That the act passed the first session of Congress
intituled 'An act for tho temporary establishment of
tho Post Office,' bo, and thesarac is hereby, continued
in full force until the end of the next session of Con-
gress, and no longer."
On the 20th day of February, 1792, Congress
passed an act making various arrangements in
regard to tho administration of the post office
and establishing certain post routes ; and it is
provided in that act:
"That tho act passed the last session of Congress
intituled 'An act to continue in force for a limited
time an act entitled "An act lor the temporary es-
tablishment of tho Post Office,"' bo, and the same is
hereby, continued in full force until the 1st day of
June next, and no longer."
This act from which I now read did not con-
tain any provision for the establishment of a
Post Office Department as a branch of the
Government, but tho last section provided:
"That this act shall be in force for the term of two
years from the said 1st day of Juno next, and no
longer."
Which would continue this provisional post
office system until the 1st day of June, 1794.
On the 8th day of May. 1794, the Congress
passed an act covering the whole ground of
the post office system, and in that act they
provided for the establishment, at the seat of
the Government of the United States, of a Gen-
eral Post Office, arid that there should be "one
Postmaster General," which is the first act
which provides for the appointment of a Post-
master General; and then there were all the
provisions in regard to the details of the office.
The last section of this act which was passed
on the 8th day of May, 1794, declared :
" That this act shall be in force from the 1st day of
Juno next.''
Which was the day on which the provisional
post office department which was the contin-
uance of the continental system terminated.
That day was Sunday ; but on that day General
Washington, who was then President, thought
fit, although the Senate was nominally in ses-
sion, and although it was Sunday, to make the
appointment of Timothy Pickering, as Post-
master General. I suppose it will appear from
the Journal of the Senate that he was immedi-
ately nominated to the Senate and confirmed.
This fully explains the nature of the appoint-
ment of Mr. Pickering who is, as appears
from this record, the only person who was
made the head of a Department by an ap-
pointment during the session of the Senate.
_Mr. Manager WILSON. Mr. President, I
wish to call the attention of counsel for the
respondent to an entry on the Executive Jour-
nal of the Senate of the 10th of May, 1800,
also of the 12th of May, 1800, and the 13th,
showing that the Senate at that time met at an
earlier hour than twelve o'clock. On page 93
of the Journalof the Senate for Ma.y 10, 1800,
it is entered:
"TheSenate adjourned to eleven o'clock onJIon-
day morning.".
On Monday morning, May 12, 1800, the
Senate met, and the manner of adjournment is
as follows:
" After the consideiation of the executive business,
the Senate adjourned to eleven o'clock to-morrow
morning."—Page 04.
" Tuesday, Mny 1">, 1800.
" The Senate met in pursuance of said adjourn-
ment at eleven o'clock.''
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. Mr. President
and gentlemen of the Senate, we offer in evi-
dence severs] executive messages of the Pres-
ident ol the United States, of dates respectively
December 10, 1807; December 17, 1807 ;
again, December 10,1807 ; the fourth January
18, 1808, and the fifth December 19, 1807.
[The messages commuuicatc information of
the suspension of John II. Patterson from the
office of assessor of internal revenue for the
fourth district of Virginia; of Charles Lee
Moses from the duties of counsel at Brunai,
Borneo; of John II. Anderson from the office
of collector of internal revenue for the fourth
district of Virginia; of Charles H. Hopkins,
