3202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June :M,
hear tlie bill very distinctly, and I would like
to ask whether the bill does allow a broker's
business to be worked in utider the charter
which this bill grants?
Mr. INGERSOLL. There is nothing in-
tended to be "worked in."
Mr. GARFIELD. I will take that back.
I merely meant to ask whether this bill could
not be so construed, or whether it may not be
so intended, as to make this a brokers' com-
pany? Perhaps it may be all right.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will state all I know
about this bill, and all that there is in it, so far
as I know. I think not more than a year ago
Congress passed an act chartering what is
called the Washington Safe Deposit Company,
like institutions having been created in nearly
all the principal cities of the United States,
being for the safe keeping of valuable papers
or anything else of value inclosed in small
compass. Thiscorporation, chartered two years
ago,went on and erected a building, within
which it placed its vaults of the most superior
kind, and engaged in the business specified in
the charter. The company lias been in opera-
tion now for something like two years : it has
conducted its business in the most satisfactory
manner. Yet, it being a new business, an ex-
periment, it has barely managed, with the best
of management, to pay its expenses, although
it is composed of perhaps the best men in the
community in a business sense. They now ask
that their authority shall be extended so as to
embrace the receiving 011 deposit of small sums
of money; enlarging the power of that institu-
tion to some extent to that enjoyed by savings-
banks.
Mr. PRUYN. Will the gentleman allow me
to make a single remark?
Mr. UPSON. Is this a unanimous report
of the committee?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I think so; with the
exception of one member, perhaps.
Mr. PRUYN. Will the gentleman yield to
me now?
Mr. INGERSOLL. For a moment, yes.
Mr. PRUYN. I have looked over this bill
hastily, and I think several of its provisions
are very proper. But there are some tilings
mingled with the good which I think should
not be there.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then move to strike
them out.
Mr. PRUYN. I refer among other things
to a provision giving to this company power to
insure the faithful discharge of duties and
trusts, connected with the power to exorcise
the rights of savings-banks. Now, these two
things should not be coupled together ; no
savings-banks should incur such risks. I there-
fore move to strike out that part of the bill
which authorizes this company to make insur-
ances ; in fact, I move to strike out the entire
third section.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am willing to have
that portion stricken out to which the gentle-
man objects, relating to insurance.
Mr. PRUYN. That section embraces two
tilings ; one is authorizing this company, now
made a savings-bank, to act as general agents
for buying and selling property of all kinds;
the other is authorizing this savings-bank to
insure the fidelity of persons holding places
of trust and profit. Now, it strikes me that
these two things are quite incompatible with
the exercise of the power of a savings-bank.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Is not this a savings-
bank already?
Mr. INGERSOLL. It is not.
Mr. BOUTWELL. What is it?
Mr. INGERSOLL. It is a safe deposit
company, and nothing else.
Mr. PRUYN. I think it is a highly respect-
able and well managed institution.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will accept so much
of the gentleman's motion as refers to the insur-
ance power of this company.
Mr. BO I" i'WELL. I have an objection to
the details of this bill, and to the whole bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not yield to the
gentleman to argue against the bill.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Then I hope the House
will vote down this bill, for it contains propo-
sitions for different kinds of business, wholly
incompatible with each other, and such as we
should not r>nss in any bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. It may be that the
Republic will be overthrown if this bill should
pass. I call the previous question upon it.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Are we to have no time
in which to discuss this bill?
Mr. INGERSOLL. There are but^ three
minutes of the morning hour left, and it may
be that this is the last of my political exist-
ence, at least so far as the Committee for the
District of Columbia is concerned.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think the gentleman
should allow an amendment to this bill, pro-
viding that the gross receipts of this company
shall be taxed the same as the gross receipts
of express companies are now taxed.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have no objection to
that.
Air. MAYNARD. Then I move the amend-
ment I have indicated.
Mr. ALLISON. What does the gentleman
mean by gross receipts?
Mr. MAYNARD. That is a term well
understood in revenue laws.
'The amendment of Mr. Mayxagd was then
agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I now call the previous
question.
The question was taken upon seconding the
previous question; and upon a division there
were—ayes 80, noes 38 ; 110 quorum voting.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and this bill goes over until the
morning hour of to-morrow.
MESSAGE J.T.03I 'i'UU SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorhasi,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate, pursuant to request, returned to the House
the joint resolution (if. R. No. 291) giving addi-
tional compensation to certain employ6s of the
civil service of the Governmentat Washington.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a joint resolution (S. R.
No. 100) for the relief of certain contractors
for the construction of vessels of war and
steam machinery, in which the concurrence of
the House was requested.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNET*.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee 011
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled an act (II. R. No.
870) to remove the political disabilities from
Roderick 11. Butler, of Tennessee ; when the
Speaker signed the same.
UNITED STATUS MINT.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting a
letter from the Treasurer of the United States
Mint, recommending on increase of the salaries
of four clerks employed in said Mint, with the
further recommendation of the Secretary of
the Treasury ; which were referred to the
Committee 011 Appropriations.
QUARTERMASTER CENEHAL'S DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, transmitting, in compli-
ance with law, a statement of the contracts
made by the quartermaster general's depart-
ment during May, 1868 ; which were referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
LEAVJ4 or ABSENCE.
Mr. Laplin was granted leave of absence
for ten days.
KIVER AND IIAKBOJl BILL.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes the
consideration of House bill No. 1010, making
appropriations for the repair, preservation, and
completion of certain public works, and for
other pmpuses, on which the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 desire-to call up-my
motion to reconsider. .
- The SPEAKER. It is not now m order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to make a
motion that is in order. I move that we pro-
ceed to the consideration of the business upon
the Speaker's table._
The motion was disagreed to. „
Mr. ELIOT. Under the order of the House
this bill is to be considered in the House as 111
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. I ask the Chair if that is not so / _
The SPEAKER. It is to be considered m
the House as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. ELIOT. What is the rule m reierence
to the consideration of the bill in the House
as in Committee of the Whole?
The SPEAKER. When the House resolves
to consider this or any other bill in the House
as in Committee of the Whole it is understood
to mean that it shall be under the five-minutes
debate. If the bill were ordered to be con-
sidered in the House as in Committee of the
Whole without limitation, then the hour debate
would apply.
Mr. ELIOT. My understanding of the rule
at the time-the motion was made was that the
bill should be considered in the House as in
Committee of the Whole, and that general
debate was to be allowed ; and after that was
closed the bill should be open for five-minutes
debate. Under that impression I supposed it
would be competent for me to submit some
general considerations on this subject, vindi-
cating the action of the committee from sug-
gestions made in the report which has been
submitted by the minority of the committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
he will submit the question to the House for
them to determine, as they made the order.
When appropriation bills are ordered to be
considered in the House as in Committee
of the Whole it has always been understood
that they were to be under the five-minutes
debate.
Mr. GARFIELD. I understood the Speaker
to announce the other day. when it was agreed
to consider this in Committee of the Whole,
that the five-minutes rule would prevail. We
are all aware of that.
The SPEAKER. That is the general usage.
If the House understood it differently they can
manifest it.
Mr. SCIIENCK. Why should not the rule
apply in this as in any other case ?
Mr. ELIOT. I wish to say the construction
now given to the rule is different from what I
supposed the rule was. I am always glad to
get rid of the necessity for making speeches.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is familiar with the usage, and dur-
ing the many years he has been here he cannot
recollect an instance where, under like circum-
stances, there has been anything but the tive-
minutes debate.
Mr. I5L10r._ I do not question the construc-
tion of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. It is not the Chair's con-
struction, but that has been the usage.
Mr. PAINE. Does it require unanimous
consent for the gentleman to make his remarks ?
Ihe SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it does.
Mr. PAINE. I hope the gentleman will
not be deprived of the rights "that he could
exercise under the rules of the House.
Mr. ELIOT. I will not ask it.
Mr. PAINE. I desire the gentleman should
have an opportunity to make the remarks ho
has prepared. I was abou^o make the motion
unless unanimous consent was given. I hope
it will be.
Mr. SPALDING. I am always pleased to
hear the gentleman from Massachusetts, but i
must object.
Mr. ELIOT. Then I will avail myself as
well as I can of the privilege allowed me under
| the five-minutes rnle. Of course t shall be un-
| able to make some statements which it «ecr3
; to me proper should he made to show the pro-
j Prlety favorable action upon this bill. I
suppose the only thing to be done now is to
