1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2119
the evidence exists that lie himself is involved
in somc fraud or crime for which he forfeits
this right to pursue it. I have the highest
regard for the Commissioner of Internal lteve-
nue, but I would as soon authorize him to put
a torch to my distillery and burn it as I would
authorize him to hold it until in due course of
business he reaches an examination of my
case, one among a million. Sir, this will not
do. Tt is oppressive in its character, unjust
in its operation, however justly administered,
and it strikes a blow at the whole system of
trade which we have rested upon heretofore.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am quite
ill favor of making very stringent laws in re-
lation to these distillers. It must be known
to every one that there could not have been an
honest distiller of common ordinary whisky
in the United States for the last year. The
distillers of the superior qualities alluded to
by the chairman of the Committee on Finance,
commonly called Bourbon or old rye, in some
parts of the country, for which tliey obtain
three and four dollars a gallon, unquestionably
may be honest men. But the facts are that not
one fourth, probably not one eighth of the
amount distilled in the country pays the tax.
Undoubtedly these distillers pay much more
than the amount the Government receives to
their accomplices who aid and assist them to
defraud the Treasury. It is not, therefore,
very wide of the mark to suppose that the men
who are now remaining in the business are
guilty of fraud almost universally. But I am
disposed to believe that this section is alto-
gether too stringent, and I will suggest an
amendment that will cure, in part at least, some
of its objectionable stringency.
Mr. SUMNER, Mr. SHERMAN, and others.
The report of a conference committee cannot
be amended.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Imerelysug-
gest it for the consideration of any committee
that may be appointed if the report should not
be agreed to. On page 4, section five, line
twenty-two, I suggest that the words "shall
forthwith cause " be stricken out, and the words
"may, at his discretion, cause any or;" so
that it will read :
And if such sales below the amount of the tax shall
have been continued, or shall hereafter be continued
in anycullection district for a period of ten days, the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue may, at his dis-
cretion, cause any or every distillery in which the
business of distilling is carried on in the district, to
be seized and closed.
Under the provision as it now stands, it is
compulsory on the part of the Commissioner
to close up all the distilleries, whether there
lias been any fraud or not. Mr. President, at
the western distilleries they buy up large droves
of cattle ; they are feeding them upon the re-
fuse of the distilleries ; and it may be more for
the interest of (he distiller to lose something
on Ilia whisky than to lose on his fatted cattle.
There must be a great loss if the distillery is
stopped at once. His cattle must be fed, and
tliey must be fed from the grain if they are not
fed from the refuse of the distilleries. There-
fore I think this provision would work very
great hardship, anil it might be upon honest
men, men who were disposed to keep their
distilled spirits until tiicy could sell them at, a
price about equal to the tax. The amendment
I propose would remedy that in some degree.
It would leave it optional with the Commis-
sioner to do or not to do it as he saw fit, after
investigation.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend from Vermont
will allow me to interrupt him just to say that
it is not worth while to have a committee of
conference on that point, for we considered it
fully. The answer is conclusive in my opin-
ion : this is intended to make a sharp, certain,
and effective remedy; the proposition of the
Senator from Vermont would raise the case
as to every distillery, and as to the fraud and
intent of every distiller, to be decided by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, and would
throw upon him a burden of work which it
would be utterly impossible for liini to act upon.
This assumes the fact that the running of a
distillery when the price is below the tax is
evidence of fraud.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then, with
the interpretation the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance gives to it, I think it is even
more objectionable, because it will close up
every distillery to-morrow, or the moment the
law is passed, without any notice whatever. I
should consider that rather a hardship, some-
thing that we have hardly ever done in any
business.
While I am on the floor, I desire to suggest
an amendment on page 3, section four, which
I should be in favor of. It will be seen that
the tax imposed here is two dollars on each
$1,000 of sales of all manufacturers where their
sales exceed $5,000. It strikes me that by this
provision we are to ring in a large number of
manufacturers who have not heretofore paid
much if any tax. It will include shoemakers,
broom-makers, woodenware manufacturers who
are all over the country, and a great number
of that kind, and will entail a pretty heavy busi-
ness upon the Department to follow them all
up. I think it would be far better to increase
the rate of taxation a little and to enlarge the
amount of exemption ; place it, say, above ten
thousand dollars, and, if you please, increase
the rate sometning higher, say five dollars on
the $1,000, equal to one half of one per cent.
I think that would not be objected to by the
manufacturers. If they are to pay any tax at
all on sales, which I consider rather an objec-
tionable tax any way, I see no reason why we
may not make it one half of one per cent., and
thereby obtain a very considerable revenue.
A tax merely of two dollars on $1,000 will
only reach a very inconsiderable amount of
revenue. I would prefer to exempt small and
inconsiderable manufacturers and to tax the
others more.
Mr. MORTON obtained the floor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If my friend will allow
me, I want to ask an explanation of the sec-
ond section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) It becomes the duty of the
Chair at this hour to call up the unfinished
business of yesterday, which is the naval ap-
propriation bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be laid aside
informally.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can be
laid aside informally, if there be no objection.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object, unless my
colleague wishes to address the Senate now. I
do not think there need be any haste to pass
any such bill as this is proposed to be.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us have a vote on it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Indiana [Mr. Mortox] is entitled to the
floor, if the Senate are to proceed on the bill
that has been before the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I withdraw the
objection until he makes his argument.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The naval
appropriation bill will be laid aside by unani-
mous consent, and the Senator from Indiana
is entitled to the floor on the report of the
committee of conference.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will not interrupt the
Senator.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I object to
the fifth section of this conference report for
two reasons: first, because the first part of the
section, which makes a forfeiture of the distil-
lery and its material, and which provides for
punishing the distiller, is unnecessary, there
being penalties already prescribed in various
forms that cover the whole ground. Then I
object to the concluding part of the section
because I think it is unreasonable, and \vould
be unjust in its operation, and because it would
fail to accomplish anything.
Now, sir, 1 understand—I have not counted >
them, though I examined the law some time !
ago—that there are over one hundred penal- j
ties, crimes, and misdemeanors already created j
by law for frauds upon the revenue in connec- j
tion with whisky. The trouble is not that j
there are not penalties enough, but that the 1
law has not been enforced. We multiply pen-
alties, but we tail to enforce any of them.
On the 0th of January last I made an inquiry
at the internal revenue department, and from
all that I could learn at that time there had
been less than one dozen persons convicted
and imprisoned for frauds upon the revenue in
connection with whisky, and I could not find
more than half a dozen well authenticated
cases. Notwithstanding the many thousand
frauds that have been committed, the hun-
dreds and thousands of seizures that have been
made up to this time, I believe not one dozen
persons have been convicted and sentenced to
imprisonment or to infamous punishment for
these crimes ; and until something is done to
remove this miserable failure in the adminis-
tration of the law it is idle to talk about col-
lecting the whisky tax. You may multiply
penalties, you may adopt all the safeguards
that you can; but until you make it a matter of r
personal danger to a man to commit a fraud
upon the internal revenue in this respect you
will not be able to collect this tax.
As the administration of the law stands there
is no personal danger in committing a fraud
upon the revenue in regard to the collection &f
the tax upon whisky. The only penalty of
detection is a compromise—a compromise in
which the criminal escapes all personal pun-
ishment, and in which he escapes, as a general
thing, by paying far less than wnat he ought
honestly to pay under the law; so that there
is an absolute advantage in being detected and
compromising. The men who are guilty of
these frauds care nothing about the name of
it; the publicity of it has no terrors for them.
They are willing to be detected as long as there
is no personal danger connected with it, no
danger of-imprisonment, or of the penitentiary.
If it is a mere confession of judgment in a
civil action in the circuit court of the United
States, or if it is a mere compromise to be
made here with the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, by which they pay a certain sum of
money, they care nothing about that. If you
want to stop the whisky frauds you must make
it a cause of personal danger to the man that
commits them; and I undertake to say that
the conviction and punishment of fifty of these*
scoundrels, by incarcerating them in the peni-
tentiary, would do more than all that you have
done or can do to enforce the collection of this
tax. If these men, who care nothing about
the publicity of detection, who care nothing
about the name of the thing, were to under-
stand that they are incurring direct and immi-
nent danger of going to the penitentiary, they
would hesitate ; but so long as they can settle
the matter by confessing a judgment under a
compromise with the district attorney of the
United States, or under a compromise made
here, these things will go on.
Why, sir, how many thousand frauds have
been committed, how many thousand detec-
tions have taken place, and jet less than a
dozen men have been imprisoned for any of
these things. Compromises are made every
day here and all over the country. Indictments
have been found by the hundred; but where
have they been tried? Why have they not
been tried? Because, as a general thing,
they are settled in some way. The crimi-
nal will not compromise civilly and confess a
judgment and pay a portion of that which he
ought to pay while the criminal prosecution
hangs over him. The compromise of the ease
criminally is always a part of the compromise
of the case civilly ; and, therefore, if you would
begin at the very root of this evil, begin by
taking away from the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue, the Secretary of the Treasury,
all subordinate officers, and especially from
district attorneys, the power to compromise
these cases. Let there be a trial wherever
there is an indictment found, and put it out of
the power of the district attorney or of a rev-
enue officer to settle these criminal prosecu-
tions. Sir, need we be astonished that this
Government is defrauded out of forty or fifty
million dollars of revenue every year when wu
