3204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
The gentleman says that the Wisconsin river
cannot be made navigable. In that he dis-
agrees with the best engineering talent of this
nation. This river has been examined over
and over again by the engineer bureau of the
War Department, and they all say that it can
be made _ navigable. This appropriation of
$40,000 is but a small one, and is really
intended to verity the statements made by those
distinguished engineers, and to prepare the
work so that improvement upon a scale com-
mensurate with our necessities may be entered
upon in the future.
I tell the gentleman from Illinois that not
only his constituents, but the people of four
States of the West are vitally interested in the
progress of this work. It will cheapen the
expense of transportation from the Mississippi
river to the lakes at least thirty per cent.
Every article that is raised in the northwestern
States will be transported up and down that
river if it is properly improved. Every man
who raises a bushel of grain in Iowa, Wiscon-
sin, and Minnesota, is now compelled to pay
tribute to the great railroad corporations of
that region.
No man I ever heard of before ever said
that this was not a convenient water communi-
cation. Vessels have passed up and down that
river for years. It is a mistake to say that this
river cannot be made navigable by means of a
reasonable appropriation expended upon it.
It is true that General Warren suggests it may
eostfrom two and a half to three and a half
million dollars to make this work complete.
Now, I_know this does not appear to be an
Illinois river; it is a Wisconsin river in this
case. But though it does lie north of the
State of Illinois, yet 1 would call the attention
of the gentleman to the fact that there is a
vast region of country north of this Wisconsin
river, and west 0f it, and south of it, which
will be benefited by this improvement.
Mr. WASHBURNE, ofitlinois. Whydoes
the gentleman refer to the Illinois river?
Mr. ALLISON. I referred to the fact that
this is a Wisconsin river. And the people of
a large region of country are interested in the
improvement of this river, and desire to avail
themselves of a cheap water communication
by way of the lakes to the Atlantic sea-board.
If that appropriation is not to be made, then
there ought not to be one single item of appro-
priation made in this bill. I regard it as the
most important appropriation made there, not
because it affects my constituents alone, but
because it a (loots that great grain-growing
region of country. It affects the price of grain
in New England and New York, and the price
to the consumers of al! articles transported
from the East to the West and the West to the
East.
This Wisconsin river passes a point where
there is a canal only one mile and a half in
length, and that connects the Fox river with
the Wisconsin river. It is acknowledged to
be the cheapest means of communication be-
tween the Mississippi river and the lakes by
way of Green bay ; and I ask gentlemen to
remember that I speak here not only on behalf
of four million people who cultivate the soil,
but on behalf of the toiling millions of the
eastern States who are consumers of our pro-
ducts.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I with-
draw the amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move
to increase the amount to $50,000.
Mr. Speaker, the Wisconsin river, being a
large portion of it in my district, and there
being a large number of people living upon it,
and being useful, indeed, in navigation, I feel
bound to say a few words to sustain this appro-
priation. Now, sir, the object of this appro-
priation and the object of the improvement of
the Wisconsin river is to give complete navi-
gation from the Mississippi river to the lakes.
This is to create a ship-canal between the Mis-
sissippi river and the lakes. It is alleged the
Wisconsin river is impracticable and cannot be
made navigable for that purpose. I am not
here prepared to sav whether it can or cannot.
It is the opinion of General Warren that by
the expenditure of the sum of $3,000,000 it
can be made so navigable. If it can be made so
navigable no appropriation of money could be
made so advantageous to the country as this,
for I could easily demonstrate that the country
could save $3,000,000 annually by the aid of a
ship-canal from the Mississippi river to the
lakes. The distance is some two hundred
miles. I will say further that you have appro-
priated to the Fox river for the purpose of im-
provement a very large amount of laud. The
Fox river has beeu improved. Slack-water
navigation has been created; and there is a
canal from Wisconsin river aud the slack- water
navigation to Green bay.
Mr. WOODWARD. How do you propose
to improve the Wisconsin river?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. General
Warren, in the report which he has made on
the subject, shows you how ho proposes to do
'V .proposes to improve the bed of the
Wisconsin river not by a canal, but by a system
of dams.
Mr. WOOD WARD. There is no water there.
Mr. ALLISON. There is plenty of it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I will
state the character of the Wisconsin river.
Mr. WOODWARD. I know something about
this river, and 1 say there is no water there.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania says lie knows some-
thing about that river. That may be, but I
know something about it. I have lived near
its banks longer than I dare say, twenty-five
years at least. I know it is a very bad river,
not for the want of water, for there is abund-
ance of water, but it has a very wide, sandy
bed and the channel is constantly shifting There
is enough of water if you will confine it. Vou
may know there is water enough when I tell
you that the river is three or four hundred miles
in length and drains an extensive region of
country. It is the largest, river in Wisconsin.
There is abundance of water if it can only be
controlled. This bill proposes rather as an
experiment an appropriation of $40,000. 11'
it appropriated§a,000,000 I would not vote for
it, because I ain by no means certain on the
plan recommended by General Warren suc-
cessful navigation can be obtained. But 1 do
desire this appropriation of $40,000 should be
made.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. For what purpose?
Mr._ WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. As an
experiment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COBB. 1 rise to oppose the amend-
ment. I understand from the report of the
engineer, General Warren, that $40,000 is all
that it is desirable to have appropriated at this
time, and that it is contemplated to use that
money by way of experiment by constructing,
a wing-dam to test the practicability of the
improvement of this river. Therefore I op-
pose the increase as moved by my colleague.
But my principal object in seeking the floor is
to reply to the remarks of the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Washbcrxe] in regard to its
being conceded by everybody that this river
is not susceptible of improvement so as to
make it navigable. 1 think the gentleman is
mistaken in his assertion. A considerable
portion of this stream passes through the dis-
trict which I have the honor to represent, and
I know that it has always been the opinion of
those best acquainted with the stream that a
very trifling outlay of money judiciously applied
would make it navigable the year round. It
is true that the navigation of it has been aban-
doned; I have seen a great many steamboats
navigating it in years gone by, and it has always
been the opinion not only of engineers, but of
the numerous raftsmen who have navigated
the stream since the settlement of the country,
that it is capable of being made navigable all
the time. There is plenty of water, as has
been observed, but being spread over a wide
bed the depth is so shallow that sand bars are
formed which are constantly shifting, so that an
acquaintance with the channel of the stream
at one time does not enable the pilots to under-
stand it at another. But notwithstanding all
this, engineers give it as their opinion and
in this they are confirmed by the raftsmen—
that by the system of wing-dams at a great
many points in the river this difficulty may
be overcome; and I believe such will be the
result. I hope the appropriation will not be
stricken out.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I with-
draw the amendment.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to make it $30,000
instead of $40,000. There are two or three
questions about making this appropriation
which I think the House will do well to con-
sider. In the first place, the friends of this
improvement say that the $40,000 proposed to
be given here is only a small beginning, and
that it Avill require $2,000,000 more to accom-
plish anything. Now, I think in giving the
.$40,000 we determine the question whether
we are to give $2,000,000 hereafter, or to lose
the $40,000 altogether. It is another question
whether this improvement can ever be made,
even if we determine to give the $2,000,000.
Gentlemen who advocate it say that there is a
very large quantity of water; that it is a very
wide river bed; and that sand bars are formed
which shift from one side to the other con-
stantly, forming new channels. They propose,
therefore, to have the river bed walled in and
in some way confined. Now, it is very uncer-
tain—and the friends of this appropriation will
judge whether it is not so—whether if these
$2,000,000 are finally appropriated the stream
will after all be rendered navigable.
But, sir, back of all this there lies a very
important consideration. This stream is all in
one State. Almost all of it lies in the single
congressional district of my friend from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Cobb,] as he says.
Mr. COBB. A large portion of it, I said.
Mr. SCOFIELD. A large portion of it, then,
lies in my friend's district. Another small
portion runs through the district of his col-
league, [Mr. Hopkins,] and I suppose my friend
behind me [Mr. Paine] will claim some por-
tion of it in his. But it is all in the State of
\visconsin. _ Now, sir, we have in the State of
I ennsylvania just as large an improvement as
that which is here contemplated. We have*
chartered a company and they have gone on
and improved the Monongahela river; and
other States are making similar improvements
in the navigation ot rivers lying within their
units. It is different when you come to a
large river like the Mississippi or the Mis-
souri orthe Ohio. Butwhen you take a com-
paratively small stream, which is very difficult
of navigation and uncertain in regard to its
improvement, although the State m which it
lies may be benefited by the improvement, I
submit whether this House should at this time
enter upon the experiment of improving the
^40nnn0n' Pecaase if we appropriate" this
tn <£n?re UIxm And 1
to gentlemen who have matters in this bill
abou which there is no doubt, whether we
or^Whrfang°r 6 paSSage of iust measures
or absolutely necessary measures by putting in
so many appropriations for new "works, at a
me w en our national debt is every day iu-
fsSn^"8 °Ur taXSS are everj da>' dimin*
Mr. COBB. _ I would like to ask the gentle-
nf th Vs 1;Uestl0!i:."whether the improvement
of the harbor at Erie is one of those just meas-
ures to which he refers?
?rr' obtained the floor.
Mr. SOOBIELD. Allow me a
answer the question.
Mr. HOPKINS. Very well.
t) Pr I say to the gentleman
that I do not want to mix up any interest I mav
have in the bill with that of anybody else I
want to vote fairly and honestly on each incis-
ure. Gentlemen may retaliate on
moment to
the interests of my dls'tricTFth^ s^ (H btt
I know my friends from Wisconsin are above
