1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4229
Mr. VAN "WINKLE. I wish to say but a
word or two on that amendment. The com-
mittee directed that section to be stricken out,
in the first place because they could not under-
stand its object, and because it seems to make
two sets of laws operate together. It has
since been explained fhat the object of it is to
stop pensions in time of peace to all men,
although it was admitted by the Pension Office
authorities that there ought to be some pro-
vision in favor of the Navy, who are at all times
exposed to casualties. I have drawn up a pro-
vision to take the place of this section if it
shall be stricken out, and I suppose it can now
be read for information. If the provision
which I have drawn up should not be satis-
factory to the Senate, I am willing that this sec-
tion of the bill should be stricken out and the
subject-matter of it acted on at the next ses-
sion. I send my proposed amendment to the
Chair.
The PRESIDENT^ro tempore. The amend-
ment suggested bv the Senator from West Vir-
ginia in lieu of the second section will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the words proposed
to be inserted, as follows:
And be it further enacted, That no person shall be
entitled to a pension by reason of wounds received
or disease contracted in the service of the United
States subsequently to the passage of this act unless
the person who was wounded or contracted disease
was in the line of duty; and, if in the military ser-
vice, was at the time actually in the field or on the
march, or at some post, fort, or garrison, or after his
muster-ont or discharge for disability wasreturning
to his usual residence in the United States; or if in the
naval service, was at the time borne on the books of
some ship or other vessel of the United States at sea
or in harbor lately in commission, or was on his way
by direction of competent authority to the United
States or to some other vessel or naval station, or
aftrr his muster-out or discharge for disability, was
returning to his usual residence in the United States.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I ought to say that
this amendment, as I have now proposed it,
preserves the pensions to soldiers and sailors
when they are in actual service, and I think as
they are more liable to casualties than ordinary
men this ought to be preserved. The number
of the Army will be very much reduced, and
the number of the Navy also; and it cannot
be a great burden upon the country, and i
think we owe it to these men who are exposing
their lives handling fire-arms at sea, and doing
other things of that kind, to preserve a pen-
sion to them, for casualties and losses of life
happening even in peace.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will put the question on striking out the sec-
ond section and inserting the proposition pro-
posed by the Senator from West Virginia.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three,
line seven, to strike out "two" and insert
"three" before "years7 so as to make the
clause read:
And the failure of any pensioner to claim his or
her pension for a period of three yeais after the
same shall have become due, shall be deemed pre-
sumptive evidence thatsuch pension has legally term-
inated by reason of the pensioner's death, remar-
riage, recovery from disability, or otherwise, and the
pensioner's name shall be stricken from the rolls,
subject to the right of restoration to the same on a
new application, with evidence satisfactorily ac-
counting for the failure to claim such pension.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section seven,
after the word " amended," in line four, to in-
sert u and reenacted after "evidence," in
line fourteen, to insert "thereof;" in line six-
teen to strike out "minor" before " child
in line seventeen before "become" to insert
"severally;" in line eighteen to strike out
" minor j" and in linetwenty-two to strike out
"minor or minors" and insert "child or
children;" so as to make the section read:
Sfx.7. And be it farther enacted, That section eleven
of an act entitled "An act supplementary to the
several acts relating to pensions," approved June 6,
1866, be amended and recnacted so as to read as fol-
lows: 44 Thar, if any officer, soldier, or seaman shall
have died of wounds received or of disease con-
tracted in the Jine of dutyin the military or naval
service of the United States, leaving a widow and a
child or children under the age of sixteen years, and
it shall be duly certified under sea!, by any court
Saving probate jurisdiction that satisfactory evi-
dence has been produced before such court that the
widow aforesaid has abandoned the care of such child
or children, or is an unsuitable person, by reason of
immoral conduct, to have the custody of the same
or on presentation of satisfactory evidence thereof to
the Commissioner of Pensions, then no pension shall
be allowed to such widow until saidchildor children
shall have severally become sixteen years of age, any
previous enactment to thecontrary notwithstanding;
and the child or children aforesaid shall bepensioned
in the same manner as if no widow had survived the
said officer, soldier, or seaman, and such pension may
be paid to the regularly-authorized guardian of such
child or children."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eight of
section ten, to strike out "minor" before
"child."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section eleven,
after the word "duty," in line seven, to insert
"or in consequence of wounds received or
disease contracted therein so as to make
the section read;
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That section one,
of an act entitled "An act supplementary to the sev-
eral acts relating to pensions," approved June 6,
18ti6, shall be so construed as to secure to every per-
son entitled by law before the passage of said act to
a less pension than twenty-five dollars per month,
who, while in the military or naval service and in the
line of duty, or in consequence ot wounds received
or disease contracted therein, having only one eye,
shall have lost the same, a pension of twenty-five
dollars per month.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after
section eleven, as a new section;
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted. That the existing
laws in relation to pensions be so construed that the
lowest rate of pensions allowed to any adult person,
including widows of revolutionary soldiers, and for
the lowest degree of disability, shall be eight dol-
lars per month, and for a higher degree of disability
the pension allowed shall bo in accordance with the
first section of the act cited in section ten of this act
as thereby amended.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as an
additional section:
Sec. 13. And he it further enacted, That all officers
in the military or naval service, of the rank of cap-
tain in the Army or lieutenant in the Navy, and of
less rank, who have lost a leg or arm in such sex vice
and in the line of duty, or in consequence of wounds
received or disease contracted therein, shall be enti-
tled to receive an artificial limb on the same terms
as privates in the Army are now entitled to receive
the same.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I am instructed by
the Committee on Pensions to offer some other
amendments. I move this as an additional
section, to come in after section three:
And be it further enacted, That in all cases where
an increase of pension has been or may hereafter be
granted to any widow or guardian of children under
sixteen years ot age of a deceased soldier or sailor
umlei an act entitled 4'An act increasing the pensions
ot widows and orphans, and for other purposes,"
ap >roved July 2o, 1866, or any subsequent act, such
widow or the guardian of such children shall not be
deprived of such increase by reason of any child or
children ot such deceased soldier or sailor being the
inmate of any home, orphans' asylum, or other pub-
lic or privat e charitable institution organized for the
care and education of soldiers' orphans under the
laws of any of the State?, or in any school or institu-
tion where such orphans may in whole or in part be
maintained or educated at the expense of a State or
of the public.
This amendment presents this single ques-
tion, whether children who are taken into the
soldiers' homes and orphans' asylums shall be
deprived of the two dollars a month allowed
them by the law of 1S06 ? The law is express
that it shall be paid to the children, but by a
construction at. the Pension Office they decline
to pay those who are in these asylums. Many
letters have been written to the committee in
consequence of which this amendment is pro-
posed. It appears that these children have
their vacations, and they go home, so that
they are part of the time burdensome to their
mothers. At any rate, they have nothing from
the asylums but the regulation food and the
regulation dress of the institution, and it is
thought that the mother ought to have it in
her power to give them at their vacations, if at
no other time, a little extra food and clothing.
1 trust there will be no objection to this amend-
ment. It is in accordance with the law, but it
is necessary to pass it in order to correct a
construction at the Pension Office.
The amendment was agreed to.
. Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move to amend the
bill by adding at the end of section five:
Except that applications by or on behalf of insane
persons and cbildien under sixteen years of age may
be filed after the expiration of the said five years if
previously thereto they were without guardians or
other proper legal representatives.
This^ amendment explains itself. The pro-
vision is that if insane persons and children
without guardians fail to apply within the time
limited advantage is not to be taken of it to
deprive them of their pension.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move to amend the
bill by striking out all of the sixth section after
the word " practicable," in line three, and
inserting:
Give public notice of the contents of the foregoing
section, particularly at the offices of the several
pension agencies, and upon a^y application by letter
or otherwise for or on behalf of any person entitled to
the benefit of its provisions, or upon any notification
that such person is so entitled, to pay or cause to be
paid to him all such arrears of pension as he may be
entitled to under the provisions of the said section.
The amendment was ;
to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I offer the following
new section, which has been agreed upon by
the two committees, and will save Congress a
great deal of labor. It is to come in after
section eleven:
t And be it further enacted, That in all cases pen-
sions heretofore or hereafter granted by special acts
of Congress shall be subject to be varied in amount
according to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I now move in line
seven of section eight to strike out the words
" and after the proof has been completed ;n so
as to make the section read :
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That section six
of an act entitled "An act supplementary to the sev-
eral acts relating to pensions," approved June 6,1866,
be and the same is hereby amended and reenacted,
so as to read as follows: 44Thatifany person entitled
to a pension has died since March 4, 1861, or shall
hereafter die while an application for such pension
is pending, leaving no widow and no minor child
under sixteen years of age, his or her heirs or legal
representativesshall be entitled to receivetheaccrued
pension to which the applicant would have been
entitled had the certificate been issued before his or
her death."
Mr. HENDRICKS. It seems to me that
that is a very extensive proposition. How
long is the pension to run in favorof the heirs?
Mr. VAN WINKLE. According as the
law fixes now. It does not affect that. The
section now requires that a man shall not only
have made in his lifetime an application for
the pension, but that the proof shall have been
completed in his lifetime in order that his heirs
may get it. It was thought by the committee
unnecessary to exact that the proof should have
been completed. They thought that if a man
applied in his lifetime, though the proof should
be completed afterward, the heirs ought to be
entitled to the pension due him, and hence
they have moved to strike out these words.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I offer this amendment as
an additional section:
A nd be it further enacted. That the pensions for the
officers in the military service and Marine corps of
the United States hereinafter named and for officers
of assimilated rank, shall be as follows: for a major
general or officer of higher rank, fifty dollars per
month; for a brigadier general, forty dollars per
month; and for a colonel, thirty-five dollars per
month; and for the officers in the naval service here-
inafter named and officers of assimilated rank shall
be as follows: for a rear admiral or officer of higher
rank, fifty dollai'sper month; for a commodore, forty
dollars per month; and for a captain, thirty-five
dollars per month. And the pensions of the widows
and dependent relatives of the said officers entitled
to pensions by existing laws, shall be the same as
those of the decedents to whom they succeed: out
the increase of pension allowed by this sef10? s™
not be computed from any date previous to P
proval of this act.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like toask the
Senator how much this increases the p
Mr WILSON. By the pension jaws at the
present time tie big&st r«te is tbirtj dollars
