4230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
a month, that allowed to a lieutenant colonel,
and the same for the corresponding grade in
the Navy. This amendment would give a col-
onel an increase of five dollars per month, a
brigadier general ten dollars, and a major
general twenty dollars.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is a very ungracious
task to object to a pension of any amount to a
person who has been in the military service;
but I submit to the Senate whether it is wise
now, in the present condition of the public
business, at this stage of the session, the atten-
tion of the Senate having scarcely been called
to this bill, to raise the pensions of any por-
tion of the Army or Navy. At a time when we
are endeavoring to lower all the expenses of
the Government; when we have reduced all
our appropriations; when we have thrown off
$100,000,000 of taxes, and yet when taxes are
still very burdensome on our people ; when the
pension fund now is $33,000,000 a year—twice
as much as any nation in the world ever paid
before—I ask whether it is worth while for us
to increase our pension lists on a mere amend-
ment of a bill of this kind. I do not like to
object to anything of this sort, because I have
the same feeling that other Senators have, a
feeling of kindness and commiseration for those
who have been wounded in the service of the
country; but if this amendment is pressed I
shall have to make opposition to it and move
the postponement of the bill. If the bill is
Only intended to remove ambiguities in exist-
ing laws I have no objection, as the Senator
from West Virginia has stated, but I cannot
consent to this increase of pensions.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator that
I do not want to endanger the passage of the
bill as reported by the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. You had better withdraw
the amendment.
Mr. WILSON. The amendment I have
offered has the assent of the Military Commit-
tee and a portion certainly of the Naval Com-
mittee ; but rather than endanger the passage
of the bill, 1 will withdraw it and bring it up
at some other period.
Mr. SHERMAN. It ought to go to the
Pension Committee at any rate, to be there
considered.
Mr. WILSON. The chairman of the Pen-
sion Committee has examined it verv care-
fully.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know; but it ought to
go to the committee, and be reported upon by
them.
Mr. YAN WINKLE. With the permission
of the Senators, I think the Senator from Ohio
is under some misapprehension about this bill.
The bill as it has been acted on will reduce
pensions on the whole.
Mr. SHERMAN. I say I do not object to
the bill.
Mr. YAN WINKLE. This amendment is
offered simply to increase the pensions of the
higher class of officers. By the law now the high-
est pension to the grade of lieutenant colonel of
the Army and all over it, and the correspond-
ing grades in the Navy, is thirty dollars per
month. This amendment proposes that colo-
nels shall have thirty-five dollars, the ascend-
ing grade being five dollars a grade, a brigadier
general forty dollars, a major general and
higher rank fifty dollars. We are constantly
besieged with petitions which our committee
have felt themselves bound to return here in
many cases and refer them to the Military Com-
mittee, because they appeared to us simply as
gratuities. We do not concede that we have
any power to change the law. What we are
to do, and what we set ourselves to do with a
solemn feeling of duty in relation to it, is that
every person who by law is entitled to a pen-
sion shall get it. 1 do not care about pressing
this amendment upon this bill at this time,
though I apprehend from the small number
of these high grades the amount named upon j
the pensions would be inconsiderable. I leave
it to the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand it is with-
drawn.
Mr. WILSON. Rather than make any
trouble about it, I withdraw the amendment.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. SPRAGUE, it was
Ordered, That S. W. & 13. It. Clarke have leave to
■withdraw their petition and papers from tho files of
the Senate.
REPORTS Of COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, reported a bill (S. No. G:}5) to extend
the term of letters-patent issued to Richard
M. Hoe, accompanied by a report. The bill
was read and passed to a second read ing, and
the report was ordered to bo printed.
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, reported abill (S. No. 636) in reference
to certain accounts on the books of the Treas-
ury Department against John A. Dix, Richard
M. Blatchi'ord, and George Opdyke; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. FERRY, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of Thomas II. Dowling, praying the
passage of a law restoring to him the posses-
sion of his property known as the Island of
Yerba Buena in the harbor of San Francisco,
submitted a report, which was ordered to be
printed, and asked to bo discharged from the
further consideration of tho petition ; which
was agreed to.
FOURTEENTH CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the leave of the Sen-
ator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] I desire
to move that the Committee on the Judiciary be
discharged from the further consideration of
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 106) declaring
the ratification of the fourteenth article of
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States, which on my motion was referred to it
on Saturday, and that the resolution lie on
the table, as I desire to call it up. I have the
leave of the J udiciary Committee to make the
motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be made if there be no objection.
printing oif agricultural retort.
Mr. MORTON. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 022, with a view of getting a vote on
it this morning.
Mr. ANTHONY. I desire to make a report.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Reports
are in order.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
additional copies of the report upon agricul-
ture, have instructed me to report it back with
an amendment, and I ask for its present con-
sideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island asks the unanimous
consent of the Senate to consider the resolu-
tion reported by him at this time. Is there
any objection? The Chair hears none. The
resolution will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Kcnnhed. That there be printed for the use of tho
Senate twenty thousand extra copies of the agricul-
tural report lor 1807. and three thousand extra eopics
for distribution by the Agricultural Bureau.
Mr. MORTON. I believe my motion was
to take up Senate bill No. 022, with a view to
getting a vote upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That was
so; but during the morning hour, while there
is morning business, the Chair understands
that when a Senator rises to present morning
business he is not consenting to take up a bill
which requires the unanimous consent of the
Senate. Of course it cannot be understood
that he is urging his proposition for the morn-
ing business, and at the same time consenting
that another bill shall be taken up. Theiefore
this is in order, and the question is on agree-
ing to the resolution, the Senate having agreed
to take it up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand the com-
mittee have reported an amendment, and I
should like to know what it is.
Mr. ANTHONY. The amendment reduces
the number.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us hear it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I can state it quicker
than the Clerk can read it. The original reso-
lution proposed to print twenty-five thousand
copies of the report for the use of the Senate,
and five thousand for the use of the Commis-
sioner. The report of the committee reduces
the number to twenty thousand and three
thousand, the number that we printed last
year.
Mr. POMBROY. I do not understand the
Senator. What report is it proposed to pub-
lish?
Mr. ANTHONY. The report of the Com-
missioner of Agriculture ; the regular agri-
cultural report.
Mr. POMEliOY. How many copies do you
propose to print?
Mr. ANTHONY. Twenty thousand, tlia
same as last year. The resolution as referred
to the committee recommended twenty-five
thousand copies, and we have cut it down to
twenty thousand.
Mr. POMEROY. Is there anything in it
about a map of the United States, or any
maps? [Laughter.]
Mr. ANTHONY. Not that I know of. We
shall not have any maps printed with our con-
sent,
Mr. STEWART. I should like to inquire
what will be the expense?
Mr. ANTHONY. About a dollar a copy.
Mr. CAMERON. This is the usual resolu-
tion ordering the usual number of the agri-
cultural report to be printed, and of course
nobody will object to that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the ameudment of the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. RICE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to call up for consideration House
bill No. 1021.
Mr. DRAKE. I wish to make amotion that
pertains to the business of the morning hour,
and I object to the present consideration of tho
motion of the Senator from Arkansas, or that
of the Senator from Indiana.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it goes over for the present.
PRINTING OF AN AMENDMENT.
Mr. WILSON submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to the bill (S. No. 617)
to reduce the military peace establishment of
the United States; which was ordered to bo
printed.
EVENING SESSION.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate at
five o'clock to-day take a recess until half past
seven o'clock, for the purpose of considering
certain bills reported from the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. RAMSEY and Mr. STEWART. Say
general business.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to get through some
oi the business of our committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that at five o'clock the Senate take a recess
until half past seven o'clock this evening.
Mr. MORTON. I renew my motion to take
up Senate bill No. 022.
I he PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is a
motion pending.
Mr. POMEROY. If this recess is to be for
the continuation of the business that is before
the Senate I have no objection ; but if we are to
consider a bill for an hour and then lay it aside
and let it go over, I object to it. We have
got now as many as five or six unfinished bills
that have gone over and something eUe been
