124
SUPPLEMENT TO
whether any particular Secretary comes within
that rule depends on another question, whether
his case comes within the description contained
in the proviso. There is no language which
expressly brings him within the proviso; there
is no express declaration, as in the body of the
section, that "he is, and hereafter shall be,
entitled" merely because he holds the office
of Secretary at the time of the passage of the
law. There is nothing to bring him within the
proviso, I repeat, unless the description which
the proviso contains applies to and includes
his case. Now, let us see if it does.
"That the Secretaries of State, &c., shall hold their
offices respectively for and during the term of the :
President by whom they may have been appointed." |
The first inquiry which arises on this lan-
guage is as to the meaning of the words " for
and during the term of the President." Mr.
Stanton, as appears By the commission which
has been put into the case by the honorable
Managers, was appointed in January, 18G2,
during the first term of President Lincoln. Are
these words, "during the term of the Presi-
dent," applicable to Mr. Stanton's ease? That
depends upon whether an expounder of this
law judicially, who finds set down in it as a part
of the descriptive words "during the term of
the President," has any right to add "and any
other term for which he may afterward be
ejected." By what authority short of legisla-
tive power can those words be put into the
statute so that "duringthe term of the Presi-
dent" shall be held to mean " and any other
term or terms for which the President may be
elected?" I respectfully submit no such judi-
cial interpretation can be put on the words.
Then, if you please, take the next step.
"During the term of the President by whom
he was appointed." At the time when this
order was issued .for the removal of Mr. Stan-
ton was he holding "during the term of the
President by whom he was appointed?" The
honorable Managers say yes, because, as they
say, Mr. Johnson is merely serving out the resi-
due of Mr. Lincoln's term. But is that so
under the provisions of the Constitution of the
United States? I pray you to allow me to read
two clauses which are applicable to this ques-
tion. The first ia the lirs^ section of the second
article:
"The executive power shall be vested in a Presi-
dent of the United States of America. IIo shall hold
his office during the terra of four years, and, together
with the Vice President, chosen for the same term,
ho elected, as follows."
There is a declaration that the President and
the Vice President is each respectively to hold
his office for the term of four years ; but that
does not stand alone; here is its qualification:
"In case of the removal of the President from
office, or of his death, resignation, or inability to
discharge the powers and duties of the said office,
the same shall devolve on the Vice President."
So^ that although the President, like the Vice
President, is elected for a term of four years,
and each is elected for the same term, the
President is not to hold his office absolutely
during four years. The limit of four years is
not an absolute limit. Death is a limit. A
" conditional limitation," as the lawyers call it,
is imposed on his tenure of office. And when,
according to this second passage which I have
read, the President dies, his term of four }rears
for which he was elected, and during which he
was to hold, provided he should so long live,
terminates, and the office devolves on the Vice
President. For what period of time? For
the remainder of the term for which the Vice
President was elected. And there is no more
propriety, undc-r these provisions of the Con-
stitution of the United States, in calling the
time during which Mr. Johnson holds the office
of President after it was devolved upon him a
part of Mr. Lincoln's term than there would
be propriety in saying that one sovereign who
succeeded to another sovereign by death holds
a part of his predecessor's term. The term
assigned to Mr. Lincoln by the Constitution
was conditionally assigned to him. It was to
last four years if not sooner ended; but if
sooner ended by his death, then the office was
devolved on the Vice President, and the term
of the Vice President to hold the office then
began.
I submit, then, that upon this language of
the act it is apparent that Mr. Stanton's case
cannot be considered as within it. This law,
however, as Senators very well know, had a
purpose; there was a practical object in the
view of' Congress; and, however clear it might
seem that the language of the law when applied
to Mr. Stanton's case would exclude that case,
however clear that might seem on the mere
words of the law, if the purpose of the law
could be discerned, and that purpose plainly
required a different interpretation, that differ-
ent interpretation should be given. But, on the
other hand, if the purpose in view was one re-
quiring that interpretation to which I have
been drawing your attention, then it greatly
strengthens the argument; because, not only
the language of the act itself, but the practical
object which the legislature had in view in
using that language demands that interpreta-
tion.
Now, there can be no dispute concerning
what that purpose was, as I suppose. Here is
a peculiar class of officers singled out from all
others and brought within this provision. Why
is this ? It is because the Constitution has pro-
vided that these principal officers in the several
Executive Departments may be called upon
by the President for advice "respecting"—
for that is the language of the Constitution—
" their several duties"—not, as I read the Con-
stitution, that he may call upon the Secretary
of War for advice concerning questions aris-
ing in the Department of War. He may call
upon him for advice concerning questions which
are a part of the duty of the President, as
well as questions which belong only to the
Department of War. Allow me to read that
clause of the Constitution, and see if this be
not its true interpretation. The language of
the Constitution is, that—
"He [the President] may require the opinion in
writing of the principal officer in each of the Ex-
ecutive Deportments upon any subject relating to the
duties of their respective offices."
As I read it, relating to the duties of the
offices of these principal officers, or relating to
the duties of the President himself. At all
events, such was the practical interpretation
put upon the Constitution from the beginning
of the Government; and every gentleman who
listens to me who is familiar, as you all are,
with the political history of the country, knows
that from an early period of the administration
of General Washington his Secretaries were
called upon for advice concerning matters not
within their respective Departments, and so the
practice has continued from that time to this.
This is one thing which distinguishes this class
of officers from any other embraced witbin'the
body of the law.
But there is another. The Constitution
undoubtedly contemplated that there should be
Executive Departments created, the heads of
which were to assist the President in the ad-
ministration of the laws as well as by their
advice. - They were to be the hands and the
voice of the President; and accordingly that
has been so practiced from the beginning, and
the legislation of Congress has been framed on
this assumption in the organization of the De-
partments, and emphatically in the act which
constituted the Department of War. That
provides, as Senators well remember, in so
many words, that, the Secretary of War is to
discharge such duties of a general description
there given as shall be assigned to him by the
President, and that he is to perform them under
the President's instructions and directions.
Let me repeat, that the Secretary of War
and the other Secretaries, the Postmaster Gen-
eral and the Attorney General, are deemed to
be the assistants of the President in the per-
formance of his great duty to take care that
the laws are faithfully executed; that they
speak for and act for him. Now, do not these
two views furnish the reasons why this class
of officers was excepted out of the'law? They
were to be the advisers of the President; they
were to be the immediate confidential assist-
ants of the President, for whom he was to be
responsible, but in whom he was expected to
repose a great amount of trust and confidence ;
and therefore it was that this act has connected
the tenure of office of these Secretaries to which
it applies with the Presidentby whom they were
appointed. It says, in the description which
the act gives of the future tenure of office of
Secretaries, that a controlling regard is to be
had to the fact that the Secretary whose tenure
is to be regulated was appointed by some par-
ticular President; and during the term of that
President he shall continue to hold his office;
but as for Secretaries who are in office, not
appointed Uy the President, we have nothing
to say; we leave them as they heretofore have
been. I submit to Senators that this is the
natural, and, having regard to the character of
these officers, the necessary conclusion, that
the tenure of the office of a Secretary here de-
scribed is a tenure during the term of service
of the President by whom he was appointed;
that it was not the intention of Congress to
compel a President of the United States to
continue in office a Secretary not appointed
by himself.
We have, however, fortunately, not only the
means of interpreting this law which I have
alluded to, namely, the language of the act,
the evident character and purpose of the act,
but we have decisive evidence of what was in-
tended aud understood to bo the meaning and
effect of this law in .each branch of Congress
at the time when it was passed. In order to
make this more apparent and its just weight
more evident allow me to state, what is very
familiar, no doubt, to Senators, but which I
wish to recall to their minds, the history of this
proviso, this exception.
The bill, as Senators will recollect, originally
excluded these officers altogether. It made no
attempt,, indeed it rejected all attempts, to pre-
scribe a tenure of office for them, as inappro-
priate to the necessities of the Government.
So the bill went to the'House of Represents
tives. It was there amended by putting the
Secretaries on the same footing as all other
civil officers appointed with the advice and
consent of the Senate, and, thus amended,
came back to this body. This body disagreed
to the amendment. Thereupon a committee
of conference was appointed, and that com-
mittee, on the part of the House, had for its
chairman Hon. Mr. SonEXCK, of Ohio, and
on the part of this body Hon. Mr. Williams,
of Oregon, and Hon. Mr. Shermjjs, of Ohio.
The committee of conference came to au agree-
ment to alter the bill by striking these Secre-
taries out of the body of the bill and inserting
them in the proviso containing the matter now
under consideration. Of course when this
report was made to the House of Representa-
tives and to this body it was incumbent on the
committee charged with looking after its inten-
tions and estimates of the public necessities in
reference to that conference—it was expected
that they would explain what had been agreed
to, with a view that the body itself, thus under-
standing what had been agreed to be done,
could proceed to act intelligently on the matter.
Now, I wish to read to the Senate the ex-
planation given by Hon. Mr. Sojiexck, the
chairman of this conference on the part of the
House, when he made his report to the House
concerning "this proviso. After the reading of
the report, Mr. Schenck said :
" I propose to demand the previous question upon
the question of agreeing to the report of the commit-
teeot conference. Cut before doing so, I will explain
to the House the condition of the bill andthodecis-
ion of the conference committee upon it. It will be
remembered that by the bill as it-passed the Senate
it was provided that the concurrence of the Senate
should be required in all removals from office, except
m the case of the heads of Departments. Thelfouse
amended the bill of the Senate so as to extend this
requirement to the heads of Departments as well as
to other officers.
"The committee of conference have agreed that the
Senate shall accept the amendment of the House.
But, inasmuch as this would compel the President to
keep around him heads of Departments until the
end of his term, who would hold over to another term.
