1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4231
taken up. I have no objection to a recess that
will continue the business of the session; but
I hope when we enter upon the consideration
of abillthatwe shall finish it. Unless we finish
something all the bills will go over as unfin-
ished business.
Mr. WILSON. In order to prevent the
consumption of any more time I will modify
the motion as suggested, and run the possible
chance that of the many bills the Military Com-
mittee desire to have considered we may have
the privilege of getting up one.
Mr. CONKLING. You had better stick to
your original motion. You will carry that if
you stick to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the Senate take a recess from five o'clock
until half past seven o'clock this evening.
The motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. CAMERON. I beg the indulgence,
only for a minute, of the Senator from Indiana,
to pray that the Senate will take up a little
resolution allowing the importation free of
duty of the cap to a military monument at
Harrisburg, which has passed the other House.
Mr. DRAKE. I object.
Mr. CAMERON. On what ground do you
object?
Mr. DRAKE. Because this is the morning
hour, and the morning business is not dis-
posed of.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator will see that
there are just one or two minutes left of the
morning hour.
Mr. DRAKE. I have been trying for some
time to make a motion that belongs to the busi-
ness of the morning hour. The only reason
why I object to this bill, or any other, is because
I wish to make a motion that is, in my opinion,
a privileged question, and belongs to the morn-
ing hour. I move that the House of Repre-
sentatives be requested to return to the Senate
the bill looking to the restoration of Com-
mander Aaron K. Hughes to the active list of tho
Navy. I made the motion sometime ago, but
it was carried over, because there was then a
bill under consideration.
Mr. NYE. I object to the consideration of
that motion.
Mr. CAMERON. Now, Mr. President, I
hope you will put my motion. I pledge myself
that 1 shall not say a word in favor of it. I
merely desire to have the resolution read and
considered. It is only four lines, and I ask
the Senator from Indiana to give way for one
minute to allow me to do so.
Mr. MORTON. It is not nearly so import-
ant as the bill I ask the Senate to take up.
Mr. HENDRICKS. This demand for tho
consideration of the morning business is ex-
ceedingly earnest just now. It has been cus-
tomory when a bill has been called up to con-
sider it. The bill urged upon the Senate by
my colleague is one that has a claim upon the
consideration of the body, for it has been very
considerably discussed, anditis quite asappro-
priate to the morning hour as the proposition
of the Senator from Missouri. It is a bill of
great importance to western commerce, and
I think we have a right to expect of the Senate
its consideration. I ask that the motion made
by him shall be put to the Senate, and then
we shall know whether the bill has the favor of
this body or not.
Mr. CAMERON. Iam as much in favor of
the passage of the bill of which the Senator
from Indiana has just spoken as any gentle-
man here, and I shall give it my vote.
RIGHTS OF CITIZENS ABROAD.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired the unfinished business
of Saturday, being the bill (H. R. No. 768) con-
cerning the rights of American citizens in for-
eign States, is before the Senate, superseding
everything else.
Mr. CAMERON. I, ask the two Senators
from Indiana to give way for one moment to
pass the joint resolution to which I have
referred.
Mr. CONNESS. On the bill which is the
unfinished business, 1 desire to say that, so far
as I feel interested in it, I wish the Senate
would come to a vote without much further
discussion. Considering the condition of the
public business, I hope that that will be the
case. The Senate understands the question,
and I am willing that we shall come to a vote
upon it, and hope we shall.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senator why he
will not withdraw the amendment he proposes
and take the vote on the amendment as re-
ported by the Committee on Foreign Relations,
and be done with it?
Mr. CONNESS. For the reason that I
want a vote on my amendment. Of course,
if the Senate vote that down, then they will
vote on the amendment of the committee.
Mr. MORTON. I appeal to the Senator
from California to allow the unfinished busi-
ness to pass over informally for a short time,
and see if we cannot get a vote on the bridge
biil. It is very important that the vote should
be taken to-day.
Mr. CONNESS. I would yield to the Sena-
tor if to anybody, as he well knows; but the
importance of coming to a vote upon this bill
now cannot be overstated. I think we can get
a vote this morning so as to take it out of the
way and let the bill of the Senator from Indi-
ana and other pressing business be acted upon.
Therefore I hope we shall go on with it and
vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That bill
is before the Senate, and the question is on the
amendment offered by the Senator from Cali-
fornia to the amendment reported by the
Committee on Foreign Relations, which will
be read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is in
section three, line ten, to strike out the words
"to suspend in part or wholly commercial
relations with the said Government, or in case
no other remedy is available."
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire,
obtained the floor.
Mr. THAYER. The Senator from New
Hampshirekindlyyieldsto me for one moment.
It will be recollected that the other day a bill
of which I had charge had actually passed, at
least I think the vote was taken, (II. R. No.
1370,) and the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Henderson] asked me to delay it a short time
that he might make an inquiry in regard to
it. I desire now to have the vote declared on
that bill with the assent of the Senator from
Missouri.
Mr. CONNESS. The honorable Senator
cannot do that.
Mr. THAYER. It is simply to have the
vote declared. My recollection is that it was
taken and the bill was actually passed. It is
necessary to have it go to the House and have
the amendment concurred in. All parties are
satisfied in regard to it.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Chair will decide
that that may be done, I have no objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator knows as well as the Chair does, that while
this bill is before the Senate, nothing else can
be done except by unanimous consent.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I hope we shall go
on with it.
Air. ANTHONY. I understand the Senator
from Nebraska to move to postpone this bill
with a view to taking up the one mentioned by
him. .
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
did not understand him to make any motion.
If he did he will state it.
Mr. THAYER. The Senator from New
Hampshire yielded to me the floor. I did not
understand that the Senator from California
had any control of it. 1 simply desire to nave
the vote declared. The bill did pass, and I
might have insisted upon it then.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, ihe Sen-
ator from Nebraska must understand that his
motion can only be entertained by unanimous
consent of the Senate, and that the Senator
from California is objecting to it. Therefore
it cannot be considered.
Mr. THAYER. Then I move that the vote
on that bill be declared.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Nothing
can be done except to go on with the bill
under consideration.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to say to the hon-
orable Senator from Nebraska before we go
on, that I had stated that if the Chair would
decide that the vote might, be declared I had
no objection ; but I would object to anything
further.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator knows that the Chair cannot declare that
under the rule.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. Mr.
President, the Senator from California, after
having made his speech on this subject on Sat-
urday, seems very anxious that the vote should
now be taken without any further remarks;
but I think it would be well to consider a few
of the points which he made on Saturday
against the bill as it came from the Committee
on Foreign Relations. He moves an amend-
ment to the bill striking out the reprisal clause,
so far as commerce is concerned, but retains
it in reference to individuals, and that certainly
is the most offensive part of that section ofthe
biil.
I wish to say a word in relation to some
strictures which he made upon the committee.
He intimated that the committee had more
ideas than sympathy upon this subject. I
admit that they had some "views," as bo
expressed it, upon the subject which modified
slightly their sympathies; but that any mem-
ber of the committee had less sympathy with
the bill or the objects to be secured by the bill
than the gentleman from California, I deny.
They understood what perhaps he does not
understand, or at any rate what he did not
intimate in any remarks which be made, that
the bill immediately affects one sixth of the
entire population of this country. We have
six million foreigners in this country, every
man, woman, and child of whom is to be
affected by this bill. The committee under-
stood perfectly well that this class of people
had cast their lot among us; that we are in-
debted to them for wealth, for industry, for
their efforts to save our Government when it
has been assailed by the enemies of the coun-
try ; and though the country is theirs by adop-
tion, they have made it their own by burying
their heroic dead in its bosom. These are the
men who come hero and ask the passage of
this bill; and every member of the committee
is anxious that their claims and their voices
should be heard on this subject.
But the question is, whether we shall put
into the hands of the President of the United
States the power to make reprisals upon the
commerce and the innocent subjects ot foreign
Governments which may have otlended against
our citizens. I suppose the gentleman knows
perfectly well that this bill rests upon a differ-
ent understanding as to the law of nations
between some European Governments and our
own.
The gentleman from Michigan, very much
to my surprise, spoke of the " American doc-
trine" on Saturday. Why, sir, the idea that
the right of expatriation is inalienable, natural,
is not American in any peculiar sense unless
it is because the American people have adopted
the idea. It is older than the very existence
of our Government, and the doctrine was
advocated by publicists before the American
continent was discovered.
Mr. HOWARD. If the honorable Senator
will allow me a moment, I did not speak or
the right of expatriation, which is a rlS°t 8
old as the Roman law, as being pecabar/
American doctrine. What I spoke of °s the
peculiar American doctrine was this, ^ ^
a foreigner had become n®.tl"'" {h proteo-
laws, he was as much ent.tied to tfie protec
