1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2183
It is impossible to make a law that is en-
tirely perfect in all respects and that may not
operate with hardship in some individual cases.
But here is an evil of immense magnitude
staring us in the face ; here is a great fraud
that is permeating every part of the nation.
Hundreds, if not thousands, of men are en-
gaged in palpable violation of law and in ae-
1 ran ding the public revenues of the United
Slates, so that now we receive less than one
million dollars per month of revenue from
whisky, while we proceed here to legislate
upon the assumption that we are to receive
$•30,000,000 per annum of revenue from whisky.
There will be a great deficit in the revenues
of the next fiscal year or there must be some
rigid and effective provision made for the col-
lection of the revenue from whisky.
It may be that this would operate severely
and harshly in some cases, but they are incon-
siderable in number. Where the public safety
or the public good requires it you must make
a law that will be generally beneficial, even
though in pome particular case it may operate
with hardship. No general law upon the sub-
ject of taxation can be made that will not in
some individual or imaginable ease produce
hardship ; but that is no reason why the law
should not be enacted. If you proceed upon
that ground every proposition to enforce the
collection of taxes may be defeated.
Here I beg to say that the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue differs from the gentlemen
who have said on this floor that this law would
bo impracticable and that he could not enforce
it; for 1 conversed with him this morning on
the subject of this report, and he gave it as his
opinion that it was a good law and that it
would enable him to do very much in suppress-
ing the frauds that are now prevailing in the
country.
Mr. HENDRICKS. "Who was it gave that
opinion ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. The Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. And now, Mr. President,
suppose those distilleries are stopped ; suppose
that no more whisky is manufactured within
a given time, until the whisky upon the mar-
ket is exhausted ; or, if the manufactureisnot
stopped until the supply upon the market is
exhausted, suppose the manufacture is stopped
until the whisky.in the market rises to the
price of two dollars and forty cents or two dollars
and fifty cents a gallon on account of its scar-
city, I ask if that would not be of advantage
to the honest distiller? For then he could
proceed to manufacture his whisky and pay
his tax and make a profit upon his business.
And it is a fact perfectly demonstrable now
that no honest man can conduct the business
of distilling with profit. Closing up these
distilleries now, and bringing up the price of
whisky thereby to more than the amount of
the tax and the cost of production, would
enable honest men to pay the tax and to make
a profit in their business. Do this, and enable
the Commissioner, wherever he may find a
distillery making whisky contrary to law, to
seize it and keep it closed until the business can
be conducted according to the requirements
of the statute, and what will be the result?
The United States has on hand a very largo
amount of whisky that has been forfeited to the
Government, and under the existing law it can-
not bo sold for less than theamouiitof the tax.
Stop these distilleries at this time, let the price
lise, as it will if the manufacture ceases, and
then the Government can realize fromthislargc
quautitj' of whisky that it has on hand the
amount of the tax, and thus have a great addi-
tion to its revenue.
These are some of the considerations that
influenced the report of the committee. Every
Senator, I suppose, knows the amendment that
was adopted by the House of Representatives,
which was altogether more stringent and more
severe than this section which the committee
of conference has reported, and in this modi-
fied shape we consented to report it to the Sen-
ate. To say that it is objectionable on account
of its injustice seems to mo to be taking ground
j against that legislation which is necessary to
j secure the collection of the tax upon whisky,
f The Senator from Nevada says that this sys-
- tem of espionage and presumption is contrary
| to our principles of public law. I had sup-
i posed that our legislation in relation to the
collection of customs contained provisions of
law very similar to what are contained in this
section. Take our legislation upon the subject
of smuggling. When a man is found in pos-
session of goods that have been smuggled into
the country the law presumes that he is guilty
without a particle of evidence, and devolves
upon him the necessity of proving his inno-
cence.
Mr. NYE. Allow me to ask the Senator a
question. Is there any law under the customs
system that if one merchant be caught smug-
gling goods all other importing merchants in
that city shall be closed up ? If you can give
inc some such law as that I should like to see
it. I know of -no law by which other import-
ers are to be closed because one man is caught
smuggling.
Mr. WILLIAMS. No, sir ; there is no such
provision of law ; but the Senator denounced
this measure because it presumed that some-
body was guilty without proof from a particu-
lar circumstance ; and I referred to the case of
smuggling as illustrative of legislation of a
similar nature aud effect. Of course the law
makes no such provision as he says as to
smuggling, because there is no parallel between
that case and the caseof selling whisky; but
here the law proceeds upon the ground that
where a man is manufacturing whisky in a
place where it is selling for a dollar a gailoli
lie does not pay two dollars tax per gallon upon
that article and then sell it for one dollar. Is
there any violence whatever in that presump- .
lion? I understand that where prosecutions
have been carried on in some' States that has
been put to the jury as a circumstance of pre-
sumptive guilt, and the jury have found upon
that evidence alone that the peison charged
with the illicit manufacture of whisky was
guilty, because it is unreasonable to suppose
that a man would lose a dollar and a half on
every gallon of whisky that he made and still
conduct his business and fill his coffers with
money.
When was this discovery made that there are
so many honest men engaged in the distillation
of liquor? Sir, we expected to find in this
body, from the discussions that have heretofore
taken place, an assumption that nine tenths
of these men were necessarily violating law
and defrauding the revenue, for the arguments
heretofore have proceeded upon that ground ;
and when we avail ourselves of a supposed
opinion of the Senate that has been corrobo-
rated from every source of information on this
subject we arc met on every hand with decla-
mation, or perhaps I should say with argu-
ment, in favor of these honest men, to whom
the law ought to extend its protection, who
ought to be regarded as engaged in the same
lawful and praiseworthy business as any man
who is engaged in manufacturing any other
article.
But, sir, I do not know that it is necessary
to say any more on this subject. I have made
these suggestions and assigned these reasons
for this report. I care nothing about the adop-
tion or rejection of the report any further than
I believe that if wc are to have any revenue at I
all from whisky we must adopt some more !
rigid system than we have heretofore adopted, |
for every day the revenues are falling off; ;
every day fraud is becoming more unblushing \
everywhere in the country, more defiant of
law; and unless we take some step of this de-
scription we may as well make up our minds
to give up all revenue from whisky. It is for
the Senate to decide the question.
It is true—as allusion has been made to that i
subject I may speak of it—that the House of j
Representatives is perfecting a system of legis- ;
lation upon this subject, an entire system from !
beginning to end; but the Commissioner of j
internal iicveuuc, who is admitted by Senators 1
to be honest, while their argnments, as it seems
to me, contain some reflections upon his ad-
ministration of the office, esteemed it abso-
lutely necessary that now, without delay, some-
thing should be done to save to the country
some revenue from whisky; and it was under
this imperious necessity that the House acted,
and it is under this necessity that the Senate
committee concluded to make this report.
Now, if it plea es the Senate to reject it, very
well. If they are satisfied with the present
condition of things as to the revenue from
whisky of course I ought to be satisfied; but
it appears to me, taking everything into con-
sideration, that we should try this experiment,
and if it is found to be unprofitable, or inex-
pedient, or as unjust as Senators say, then the
general law which is to be introduced may take
its place.
Mr. NYE. Wo have learned now, Mr. Pres-
ident, the object of this legislation. By the
declaration of the honorable Senator from Ore-
gon its object seems to be to stop entirely the
manufacturing of whisky, for a sufficient length
of time, at least, to allow the Government to
realize upon that stock which it has on hand
that it has received by forfeiture : and he tells
us that it is about twenty million gallons of
that article.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I presume the Senator
does not wish to misconstrue what I said.
Mr. NYE. Not at all.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I mentioned that as one
reason for this legislation ; but I say that the
primary object is to raise the price of whisky
in the market so that honest men can distill
and sell for a price which will enable them to
pay the tax and reimburse them for the cost
of production.
Mr. NYE. I hold that such an object as
that is unworthy of the consideration of the
Senate for a moment. If the Senate is reduced
to the business of regulating the sale of whisky,
it has reached a point where I think it is en-
gaged in smaller business than it would be in
appointing masons and carpenters and black-
smiths in the navy-yards. No, sir; the only
legitimate object of your legislation should be
to collect the revenue upon the whisky made.
That is the point ; and I agree with the Sena-
tor from Indiana that the remedy lies in a dif-
ferent direction, and that the only possible
effect of this measure would be to stop the
manufacture of whisky.
Mr. President, 1 am no apologist for whisky
frauds, and I have the same object in view that
the Senator from Oregon has, to not only im-
pose this tax but to collect it. The difference
between us is in the means prescribed. I have
the highest regard and respect for the opinion
of the present Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue ; I have the highest confidence in his in-
tegrity and honesty; but if he has given his
opinion that this is the best means to produce
that revenue I beg leave to differ with him, as
I do with the honorable Senator from Oregon ;
and we arc not bound by the simple opinion
of any officer in regard to such a question.
I know enough of distilling to know that the
largest distillers of this country are not at all
concerned in the home market; I speak of the
largest distillers in our cities ; they never sell
one gallon at home. Their supremacy lies in
the superiority of the article they manufacture,
at a large ouilay of expense and a large ad-
vance of money to prepare for it. They man-
ufacture a superior article to the ordinary dis-
tillers, so that they sell in a foreign market
and ean afford to pay the two-dollar tax and
make money and conduct,theirbusinesslegiti-
mately. That is well known. They manufac-
ture the highest proof spirit that is taken to
Paris, tax paid, and undoubtedly it comes back
afterwards as French brandy through the ma-
nipulations of the French, and pays two duties;
first a home duty, and thou a duty when it
comes back afterwards as an import.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am sorry to correct my
friend, but the exported whisky never pays any
tax at all. .
Mr. NYIi. I grant that; I was mista-ken in
