1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1159
pean nations with tlie exception of Russia.
Examine that of Prussia and you find it the
same, with a single qualification concerning
deserters and those who leave to avoid con-
scription. And with regard to that excep-
tion which is also incorporated into this bill,
it leaves the Government, it seems to me, a
most narrow margin for diplomacy. In look-
ing over the diplomatic correspondence it seems
strange to me that the matter has not been
settled heretofore.
That requirement may be urged with pecu-
liar force against us, because upon our statute-
book stands the law regulating the military
duties which our citizens owe to the State in
the same language which I have incorporated
in the bill proposed by me, and almost identical
in phrase as well as substance with the Prussian
law. The differences are so small that it
seems to me they can be easily accommodated,
if there be any real intent to do so.
The next class of exceptions are those by
which a citizen of this country may, when
abroad, lose the right of protection accorded
by the first and third sections of the bill. There
are cases where citizens may voluntarily re-
nounce their allegiance to this country, and
cases where, without renouncing citizenship,
they can by their'acts forfeit any right they may
have to the protection of this Government.
And then there are those who while abroad do
not perform their duties to this Government
and are not entitled to its protection. These
classes may be included in the law. It may
be wise to leave something to the regulation
of the executive department and not have all
these classes of exceptions incorporated in the
statute. Rules of this kind should be more
flexible than a statute. Our representatives
abroad might be -embarrassed by the strict
letter of the law, where, if liberty is accorded
to the executive department, an arrangement
might be made of each difficulty as it arises
upon its own circumstances and merits.
We should place our declaration of what
constitutes citizenship and of the rights of citi-
zens before the world in clear and unmistak-
able language ; wo should give to the Executive
the power and discretion to carry out the re-
quirements of the statute in the spirit in which
they are enacted. Let it not be as the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs desire, to make repri-
sals or commit any other act of barbarism;
not to declare war, as proposed by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding ;] not to break
off intercourse with foreign nations, as pro-
posed by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Bctler ;] but let our negotiations with
foreign nations respecting the rights of citizens
be so conducted as not to disturb the operations
of commerce, not to shock industry in our own
country, not to interfere with the prosperity of
any section or any class. Let them be carried
on entirely outside and beyond the commercial
and industrial relations and be confined to the
settlement of particular cases as they arise
upon the principles which we recognize as a
part of the public law. Let those who conduct
the negotiations of the executive department
have the assurance that there is_ a power be-
hind them to enforce their claims; and let
those who are abroad seeking the protection
of the Government feel that that protection,
backed by that power, will in all proper cases
surely be given them.
Mr. "WILSON, of Iowa. I now move that
this bill, with the pending amendments and
the amendments of which notice has been
given, be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and that it
be made a special order until disposed of.
Mr. BANKS. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Certainly.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to state that the
Committee on Foreign Affairs had a regular
meeting this morning, and have instructed me
to inform the House that they desire this bill,
with the pending amendments, should be re-
committed to that committee. I therefore ask
the gentleman from Iowa to yield to roe to
make that motion, or to substitute it for his
own.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will yield to the
gentleman to move that as an amendment to
my motion, and let the sense of the House be
taken upon it.
Mr. BANKS. I move to amend the motion
of the gentleman from Iowa so that this bill,
with the pending amendments, shall be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I now call the
previous question.
Mr. BROOKS. I desire to propound a par-
liamentary question. Will not the effect of
referring this bill to the Committee of the
Whole be to indefinitely delay action upon it,
and in point of fact to kill the bill ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. There is no such
purpose as that on my part. I do not suppose
any gentleman in this House will seek to put
any obstacle in the way of the advancement of
the bill.
Mr. BROOKS. Is it the purpose of the
gentleman to have this bill made a special
order in the Committee of the Whole?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It is.
Mr. .BROOKS. To have action on it con-
tinuously?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Until disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say that
the general appropriation bills in Committee
of the Whole will take precedence of this bill,
unless set aside, which they may be by the
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. There will be no
difficulty, I presume, in doing that.
Mr. BANKS. It will be very difficult for
the House to control this question if it goes to
the Committee of the Whole. Every member
knows that.
Mr. HIGBY. With the consent of the gen-
tleman from Iowa, I would like to ask him
whether he will not adopt the suggestion I
have made heretofore, that we hold an evening
session, or so many as may be necessary, for the
discussion of this subject. We may as well get
to work in the evenings. If we do not do it
now we shall have to do it in the heat of sum-
mer.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I care not what
arrangement be made, so that this bill can be
left open to discussion and amendment either
in Committee of the Whole or in the House.
Mr. CULLOM. I desire to inquire of the
Chair whether under the rule the motion of
the gentleman from Iowa, to refer the bill to
the Committee of the Whole, must not be voted
on first?
The SPEAKER. That motion must be voted
on first, having priority of the motion to refer
to a stahding committee.
Mr. CULLOM. If that motion fails then
the motion of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Banks] will be next in order?
The SPEAKER. It will be.
Mr. CULLOM. I hope, then, that the mo-
tion made by the gentleman from Iowa will not
prevail, and that the motion of the gentleman
from Massachusetts to recommit the bill will
be adopted.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa.- I will modify my
motion so as to provide that the bill and pend-
ing amendments be referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
made a special order for next Tuesday evening
at seven o'clock.
Several Members. Oh, no.
Mr. BANKS. The appropriation bills must
take precedence of this bill in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Not if we make
the order I propose.
Mr. CULLOM. I hope that the motion of
the gentleman from Iowa will not prevail.
Mr. JUDD. I desire to ask the Chair
whether the recommittal to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs will carry before that commit-
tee all the propositions which were yesterday
ordered to be printed?
Several Members. All of them.
Mr. JUDD. I mean those propositions that
did not technically come in as amendments to
the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will answer
that a motion such as that made by the gentle-
man from Iowa would not, except by unani-
mous consent, refer to the committee anything
more than the. bill and pending amendments,
being the three amendments which the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] permit-
ted to be offered, and the substitute presented
by the gentleman from Rhode Island, [Mr.
Jenckes.] But the House can, if it chooses,
order all these propositions to be referred.
Mr. BANKS. My object was to include in
my motion all the propositions which have been
presented.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will modify my
motion so as to include all those propositions.
Mr. JUDD. I desire to ask one other
question. If the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Wilson-,] who is holding the floor, will allow
me, I desire to ask the honorable chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs within what
time, according to the practice under the rules
of the House, that committee can possibly
report back this bill.
Mr. BANKS. If the bill be recommitted to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, I shall ask
the consent of the House to report at any time
and take the wish of the House as to when it
will be ready to consider the subject. We do
not wish to restrict the debate at all.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I shall
object to giving the committee leave to report
at any time.
The SP EAKER. Then leave can be granted
only by a suspension of the rules, which can be
moved on Monday after the morning hour.
Mr. BANKS. I shall make the motion at
that time.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. _ My object is to
hasten the passage of the bill, and to have it
put in a shape that will effect the object the
committee and the House have in view. The
course I have suggested will, I think, result in
earlier action than any other course that can be
taken.
Mr. CULLOM. In that, I think, the gen-
tleman is mistaken.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I ask consent that an
amendment which I propose to offer to this bill
may be ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. That order will be made
if there is no objection.
There was no objection.
Mr. BOYER. 1 simply desire to suggest to
the gentleman from Iowa that this bill is of suf-
ficient importance to be discussed by daylight
and in the ordinary business hours of the House.
If it is referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union the bill can be better
perfected and perfected in a reasonable time;
and I trust, therefore, the gentleman will so
modify his motion as to move it be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, to be discussed in the ordinary way. I
have no doubt in a reasonable time we shall be
able to get through with it.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I have no objec-
tion to that, and that it be made a special order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
its being made a special order.,
Mr. BAKER. Whether the subject be re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs or
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, I wish to submitthe following modi-
fication of my substitute, so it may be ordered
to be printed and referred with the othor papers:
Be it enacted in the Senate ami Bouse of Representa-
tives of the United States of Amrriea if Coivn-esi assem-
bled, Thattho right of expatriation, like tile lights of
life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, is a nat-
ural and inalienable right.
Sec ° Andbe it further enacted, That when, m the
bona fide exercise of the rights of expatriation and
naturalisation, citizens or subjectsof any foriaign
State have heretofore become, or shall hereafter be-
come, citizens of the United States, such naturalized
citizens are citizens of the L; nited States to all m tents
and purposes whatsoever, and as such are of right
entitled to receive from this Government, and shall
receive, the same protection of life, liberty, and prop-
erty that is accorded to native-born citizens ot the
United States in like situation and circumstances:
and the foregoing principles are alike applicable to
