126
SUPPLEMENT TO
whether under a commission which conforms
to it, holding during the pleasure of the Pres-
ident, the President could remove such a
Secretary during the session of the Senate.
Why not? Certainly there is nothing in the
Constitution of the United States to prohibit
it. The Constitution has made two distinct
provisions for filling offices. One is by nom-
ination to the Senate and confirmation by them
and a commission by the President upon that
confirmation. The other isby commissioning an
officer when a vacancy happens during a recess
of the Senate. But the question now before
you is not a question how vacancies shall be
filled ; that the Constitution has thus provided
for; it is a question how they may be created
and when they may be created—a totally dis-
tinct question.
Whatever may be thought of the soundness
of the conclusion arrived at upon the great
debate in 1789 concerning the tenure of office,
or concerning the power of removal from office,
no one, I suppose, will question that a conclu-
sion was arrived at; and that conclusion was
that the Constitution had lodged with the Pres-
ident the power of removal from office inde-
pendently of the Senate. This may be .a de-
cision proper to be reversed ; it may have been
now reversed ; of that I say nothing at present;
but that it was made, and that the legislation
of Congress in 1789 and so on down during
the whole period of legislation to 18C7 pro-
ceeded upon the assumption, express or im-
plied, that that decision had been made, nobody
who understands the history of the legislation
of the country will deny.
Consider, if you please, what this decision
was. It was that the Constitution had lodged
this power in the President; that he alone was
to exercise it; that the Senate had not and
could not have any control whatever over it.
II that be so, of what materiality is it whether
the Senate is in session or not? If the Sen-
ate is not in session, and the President has
this power, a vacancy is created, and the Con-
stitution has made provision for filling that
vacancy by commission until the end of the
next session of the Senate. If the Senate is
in session, then the Constitution has made
provision for filling a vacancy which is created
by a nomination to the Senate ; and the laws
of the country, as I am presently going to show
you somewhat in detail, have made provisions
for filling it ad interim without any nomina-
tion, if the President is not prepared to make
a nomination at the moment when he finds the
public service requires the removal of an officer.
So that if this be a case within the^ scope of
the decision made by Congress in 1789, and
within the scope of the legislation which fol-
lowed upon that decision, it is a case where,
either by force of the Constitution the Presi-
dent had the power of removal without con-
sulting the Senate, or else the legislation of
Congress had given it to him ; and either way
neither the Constitution nor the legislation of
Congress had made it incumbent on him to
consult the Senate on the subject.
I submit, then, that if you look at this matter
of Mr. _Stanton's removal just as it stands on
the decision in 1789 or on the legislation of
Congress following upon that decision, and in
accordance with which are the terms of the
commission under- which Mr. Stanton held
ofHce, you must come to the conclusion, with-
out any further evidence on the subject, that
the Senate had nothing whatever to do with
the removal of Mr. Stanton, either to advise
for it o!' to advise against it; that it came either
under the constitutional power of the Presi-
dent as it had been interpreted in 1783 or it
came under the grant made by the Legislature
to the President in regard to all those Secre-
taries not included within the tenure-of-office
bill. This, however, does not rest simply upon
this application of the Constitution and of the
legislation of Congress. There has been, and
we shall bring it before you, a practice by the
Government, going back to a very early day,
and coming down to a recent period, for the
President to make removals from office when
the case called for them, without regard to
the fact whether the Senate was in session or
not. The instances, of course, would not be
numerous. If the Senate was in session the
President would send a nomination to the
Senate saying, " A B in place of C D, re-
moved;" but then there were occasions, not
frequent, I agree, but there were occasions,
as you will see might naturally happen, when
the President, perhaps, had not had time to
select a person whom he would nominate, and
when he could not trust the officer then in
possession of the office to continue in it, when
it was necessary for him by a special order to
remove'him from the office wholly independent
of any nomination sent in to the Senate. Let
me bring before your consideration for a mo-
ment a very striking case which happened
recently enough to be within the knowledge of
many of you. We were on the eve of a civil war;
the "VVar Department was in the hands of a man
who was disloyal and unfaithful to his trust;
his chief clerk who, on his removal or resig-
nation, would come into the place, was believed
to be in the same category with his master.
Under those circumstances the President of
the United States said to Mr. Floyd, "I must
have possession of this office;" and Mr. Floyd
had too much good sense or good manners or
something else to do anything but resign ; and
instantly the President put into the place Gen-
eral Holt, the Postmaster General of the United
States at the time, without the delay of an hour.
It was a time when a delay of twenty-four hours
might have been of vast practical consequence
to the country. There are classes of cases
arising in all the Departments of that charac-
ter followed by that action ; and we shall bring
before you evidence showing what those cases
have been, so that it will appear that so long
as officers held at the pleasure of the President
and wholly independent of the advice which he
might receive in regard to their removal from
the Senate, so long, whenever there was an
occasion, the President used the power, whether
the Senate was in session or not.
I have now gone over, Senators, the con-
siderations which seem to me to be applicable
to the 'tenure-of-office bill, and to this allega-
tion which is made that the President know-
ingly violated the Constitution of the United
States in the order for the removal of Mr.
Stanton from office while the Senate was in
session ; and the counsel for the President feel
that it is not essential to his vindication from
this charge to go further upon this subject.
Nevertheless, there is a broader view of this
matter,which is an actual part of the case, and
it is due to the President it should be brought
before you; that I now propose to open to your
consideration.
The Constitution requires the President of
the United States to take care that the laws
be faithfully executed. It also requires of
him, as a qualification for his office, to swear
that he will faithfully execute the laws, and
that, to the best of his ability, he will pre-
serve, protect, and defend the Constitution of
the United States. I suppose every one will
agree that so long as the President of the Uni-
ted States, in good faith, is endeavoring to
take care that the laws be faithfully executed,
and in good faith and to the best of his ability
is preserving, protecting, and defending the
Constitution of the United States, although be
may be making mistakes, he is not committing
high crimes or misdemeanors.
In the execution of these duties the Presi-
dent found, for reasons which it is not my
province at this time to enter upon, but which
will be exhibited to you hereafter, that it was
impossible to allow Mr. Stanton to continue to
hold the office of one of his advisers, and to be
responsible for his conduct in the manner he
was required by the Constitution and laws to
be responsible, any longer. This was intimated
to Mr. Stanton, and did not produce the effect
which, according to the general judgment of
well-informed men, such intimations usually
produce. Thereupon the President first sus-
pended Mr. Stanton and reported that to the
Senate. Certain proceedings took place which
will be adverted to more particularly presently.
They resulted in the return of Mr. Stanton to
the occupation by him of this office. Then it
became necessary for the President to con-
sider, first, whether this tenure-of-office law
applied to the case of Mr. Stanton; secondly,
if it did apply to the case of Mr. Stanton,
whether the law itself was the law of the land,
or was merely inoperative because it exceeded
the constitutional power of the Legislature.
I am aware that it is asserted to be the civil
and moral duty of all men to obey those laws
which have been passed through all the forms
of legislation until they shall have been de-
creed by judicial authority not to be binding;
but this is too broad a statement of the civil
and moral duty incumbent either upon private
citizens or public officers. If this is the meas-
ure of duty there never could be a judicial
decision that a law is unconstitutional, inas-
much as it is only by disregarding a law that
any question can be raised judicially under it.
I submit to Senators that not only is there
no such rule of civil or moral duty, but that it
may be and has been a high and patriotic duty
of a citizen to raise a question whether a law
is within the Constitution of the country.
Will any man question the patriotism or the
propriety of John Hampden's act when he
brought the question whether "ship money''
was within the Constitution of England before
the courts of England? Not only is there no
such rule incumbent upon private citizens
which forbids them to raise such questions, but,
let me repeat, there may be, as there not unfre-
quently have been, instances in which the
highest patriotism and the purest civil and
moral duty require it to be done. Let me ask
any one of you, if you were a trustee for the
rights of third persons, and those rights of
third persons, which they could not defend
themselves by reason, perhaps, of sex or age,
should be attacked by an unconstitutional law,
should y«u not deem it to be your sacred duty
to resist it and have the question tried ? And
if a private trustee may be subject to such a
duty, and impelled by it to such action, how is
it possible to maintain that he who is a trustee
for the people of powers confided to him for
their protection, for their security, for their
benefit, may not in that character of trustee
defend what has thus been confided to him ?
Do not let me be misunderstood on this
subject. I am not intending to advance upon
or occupy any extreme ground, because no such
extreme ground has been advanced upon or
occupied by the President of the United
States. He is to take care that the laws are
faithfully executed. When a law has been
passed through the forms of legislation, either
with his assent or without his assent, it is his
duty to see that that law is faithfully executed
so long as nothing is required of him but min-
isterial action. He is not to erect himself into
a judicial court and decide that the law is
unconstitutional, and that therefore he will not
execute it ; for, if that were done, manifestly
there never could be a judicial decision. Ho
would not only veto a law, but he would refuse
all action under the law after it had been
passed, and thus prevent any judicial decision
from being made. He asserts no such power.
He has no such idea of bis duty. His idea of
his duty is that if a law is passed over his veto
which he believes to be unconstitutional, and
that law affects the interests of third persons,
those whose interests are affected must take
care of them, vindicate them, raise questions
concerning them, if they should be so advised.
If such a law affects the general and public
interests of the people the people must take
eare at the polls that it is remedied in a consti-
tutional way.
But when, Senators, a question arises
whether a particular law has cut off a power
confided to him by the people through the
Constitution, and he alone can raise that ques-
tion, and he alone can cause a judicial decision
to come between the two branches of the Gov-
ernment to say which of them is right, and after
