1160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
all American citizens exorcising the right of expatri-
ation.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the United
states will, at all hazards, extend full and complete
protection to its native-born and naturalised citi-
zens, and will exercise the same jealous care and put
forth the same measure of energy in the protection
of the rights ot its naturalized as of its nativo-born
citizens.
And be it further That to the end
that the rights of American citizcns in foreign coun-
tries may coase to be questioned, and that the peace
ot nations may be preserved, it ii hereby declared to
lie the duty of the Executive of thi3 Government to
insist energetically and without delay upon the rec-
ognition or the foregoinn rights by other Govern-
ments, ana particularly to interpose with like prompt-
itude and;energy, upon the basis of the principles
declared m this act, in the behalf of all American
citizens whose rights may bo infringed by or under
the authority of any foreign State, and to lay before
Congress as early as practicable, and from time to
flmr' . res"lts of such interposition, together with
the tacts involved in the cases which may now exist
hereafter arise of infringement of the principles
ot this act by or under the authority ot any foreign
state.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman
from Illinois objects to this being made a, spe-
cial order. I.understand by ilie rules of the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, the bills having precedcnce of this may
by laid aside by a majority of the committee.
Mr. BANKS. If it goes to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union it will
be lost.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I insist on the de-
mand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ROBINSON. Sending this to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
I consider will be consigning this subjcct to its
grave, and I therefore move that that motion
be laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done.
It would carry with it the bill and amend-
ments.
The motion of Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, was
disagreed to.
The question then recurred on Mr. Banks's
motion, to refer the bill and pending and pro-
posed amendments to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, and it was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS. I give notice that on Mon-
day next I shall move to suspend the rules in
order that the Committee on Foreign Affairs
may have leave to report at any time.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed joint resolutions of the following titles,
m which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 95) authorizing
the Light-House Board to place warnings over
obstructions at the entrance of harbors or in
the fair-way of bays and sounds; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 101) referring
the petition and papers in the case ol James
Crutchett to the Court of Claims.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed House bill of the following
title, with amendments, in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested:
An act (H. R. No. 290) to establish and
declare the railroad and bridges of the New
Orleans, Mobile, and Chattanooga Railroad
Company, as hereafter constructed, a post
road, and for other purposes.
war 0® 1s12.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions and of the War ot 1812,
reported back House bill No. 603, granting
pensions to certain soldiers and sailors ol the
war of 1812, with the recommendation that it
do pass.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pension-rolls the names ot such
of the surviving officers and enlisted men ot
the military and naval service of the United
States who served consecutively for three
months in the war with Great Britain of 1812,
and who were honorably discharged, and who
at no time during the late rebellion have ad-
hered to the cause of the enemies of the Gov-
ernment, giving them aid and comfort, but who
were constantly and continuously loyal to the
Government, and can truthfully take and sub-
scribe the oath contained in the act of July 2,
1862, and who are in circumstances which
render them dependent on others for support.
The second section provides that this act
shall not apply to any person who is dependent
upon others for support in pursuance of any
contract for such support based upon a valu-
able consideration, nor to any person who is
receiving a pension at the rate of eight dollars
per month, nor shall it be construed so as to
allow more than one pension to the same per-
son. Pensions under this act shall be at the
rate of eight dollars per month, and shall be
paid to the persons entitled thereto at that rate
for and during the term of their natural lives.
The third section provides that before the
name of any person shall be placed on the pen-
sion-rolls under this act proof shall be made,
under such rules and regulations as the Secre-
tary of the Interior may prescribe, that the
applicant is entitled to a pension under the
provisions of thi act. The loss of a certificate
of discharge shall not deprive an applicant of
the'benefits of this act. but other proof of ser-
vices peiformed and of an honorable discharge,
if satisfactory, shall be deemed sufficient.
The fouith section provides that the pension
herein allowed shall not be liable to seizure,
levy, attachment, or other process to satisfy
any debt, demand, promise, or other liability;
nor shall any contract, bargain, or agreement
in relation thereto be valid or binding upon the
pensioner, nor shall the same bo paid to any
one having any claim upon such pensioner or
interest in the fund, but the same shall be paid
to the pensioner in person or to a disinterested
agent or attorney thereto authorized by a power
executed subsequently to the accruing of the
sum to bo received; provided, that when an
agent shall be employed to prepare the neces-
sary proofs and make the application, he shall
be allowed for his entire service in and about
the prosecution of the claim the sum of ten
dollars, and no more, which sum shall consti-
tute a valid charge upon the first payment after
the issuance of the certificate. And if any
person concerned as aforesaid shall for his ser-
vices, or as a gratuity, or under any pretext
whatsoever, demand, accept, or retain a greater
sum than ten dollars, he shall be guilty of a
misdemeanor, and on conviction shall refund
the same and shall be fined not exceeding
$1,000 and imprisoned not exceeding six
months.
Mr. MILLER. I move to amend the bill
by inserting in the first section, after the word
" men," the words "including militia and vol-
unteers," so that it will read, "enlisted men,
including militia and volunteers of the military
and naval service of the United States."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MILLER. I now demand the previous
question.
Mr. 1IOLMAN. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a suggestion?
Mr. MILLER. What is it?
Mr. HOLM AN. I suggest that instead of
ten dollars as the compensation of officers who
draw up the pensions it should be reduced to
five dollars. That is certainly very ample com-
pensation for that service.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the bill goes oyer till Tuesday
next.
commercial relations with spain.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting a
draft of a bill, relative to the commercial rela-
tions of the United States with Spain and her
colonies; which was ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee oa Commerce.
reducing expenses op wak department.
Mr. KETCH AM, by unanimous consent,
reported from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs a joint resolution (H. R. No. 203) reduc-
ing the expenses of the War Department., and
for other purposes; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. KETCHAM. I ask the House to act
upon it now.
The joint resolution was read in full. It
authorizes the Secretary of War to take imme-
diate measures for the reduction of the ex-
penses of the Army and_ of the War^ Depart-
ment at and in the vicinity of New York city
at as early a day as practicable by concentrat-
ing the business of the quartermaster, commis-
sary, clothing, ordnance, and medical bureaus
and recruiting service in said city ; that for this
purpose there shall be hired and used at some
convenient and proper point in said city one suit-
able building, in which shall be accommodated
all the offices connected with and required for
the transaction of such public business, at a
cost to the Government not exceeding $25,000
per annum, and also a suitable building or
property within the harbor of New York, or
on the navigable waters thereof, which shall
have sufficient accommodation, warehouse,
piers, docks, and basin-room for the safe and
convenient receiving, storing, and care of all
Army stores of every kind and description
belongingto either of said bureaus or branches
of the service, at an annual cost to the Gov-
ernment not exceeding $50,000; provided,
however, that nothing herein contained shall
be construed to prevent the storage or keeping
of oiduance stores or other property at Gov-
ernor's island, or the use in any way for the
purpose of the Government of any property or
building which actually belongs to the United
States.
Mr. WOOD objected, but afterward withdrew
his objection.
Mr. KETCHAM. I desire to state, in ex-
planation of this joint resolution, that early in
the session, in compliance with a resolution of
the House, General Grant, while acting Secre-
tary of War, submitted a statement showing
the number of buildings, their location, and
cost of each, used by the different bureaus of
the War Department at New York city. It
appears that the commissary, quartermaster,
ordnance, and medical bureaus, paymasters,
and recruiting agents occupy thirty-three dif-
ferent buildings and rooms at a cost of $126,-
000 per annum. Soon after that report was
submitted, at the request of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] the House directed
the Committee on Military Affairs to inquire
into the expediency of concentrating the busi-
ness of those bureaus, with a view of reducing
the expenses. The committee, after careful
consideration of the resolution, unanimously
dirccted me to report this joint resolution.
By it, instead of thirty-three buildings, there
are but two to be used, and the cost is limited
to $T5,000 per annum. The leases of many
of the buildings at present occupied by the
War Department expire at the pleasure of
the Adjutant General or will expire on the
1st day of May next. By this resolution oyer
fifty thousand dollars wili be saved to the Gov-
ernment per annum. Suitable docks and piers
will be provided, making a great saving of
transportation. In addition there to the public
service will be greatly promoted by the increased
facilities for the transaction of business.
It is proper to state that the resolution
offered by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
i-a'henck] was submitted to General Grant,
and that he_ approves the principle of this
jomt resolution, and thinks the expenses can
be reduced to the extent proposed without
detriment to the service. The Secretary of
War also approves the principle of concentra-
tion embodied in this measure.
Mr. CHANLER. I desire to ask my col-
league if he has stated in what part of the city
this is to be located?
Mr. KETCHAM. It is left to the discre-
tion of the Secretary of War.
