B208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
then to a question of order. Has not the House
a right to take the yeas and nays on every sep-
arate proposition in the bill?
The SPEAKER. After the House has passed
through the bill as in Committee of the Whole,
making various amendments, when the ques-
tion recurs, Shall the bill be engrossed and read
a third time ? a separate vote can be demanded
on every proposition that remains in the bill
not having been stricken out.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The sug-
gestion I make is that: that having that right
to a separate vote on the various propositions
we shall save a great deal of time after we have
discussed the various propositions by letting
them pass, and when it comes to the engross-
ment we can hare a separate vote.
The SPEAKER. That can be done by with-
drawing the motion to strike out.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
stand that, and I withdraw my motion to strike
out the pending paragraph. I shall, however,
demand a vote in the House on the main prop-
osition. I do not care spoilt taking up the time
now, as it merely involves two votes. That is
all there is of it.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
rule on page 16 of the Digest.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Upon the engrossment of any, bill makinsr appro-
priations of money tor works of internal improve-
ment ot any kind or description, it shall be in the
power of any member to cull (or a division of the
question, so as to take a separate vote of the House
upon eaoli item of improvement or appropriation
contained in said bill, or upon such items separately,
and others collectively, as the member making the
call may specify: and if one filth of tho members
present second said call, it shall be the duly of the
Speaker to make such divisions of tho question, and
put them to vote accordingly."
Mr. PHELPS. I wish to inquire at what
precise point of time it is competent to ask for
that division?
The SPEAKER. When the question is
stated by the Chair, "Shall the bill be en-
grossed and read a third time?" a separate vote
can be asked on any appropriation that remains
in the bill and has not been stricken out.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to inquire of
the Chair whether, the motion of the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Wasiiburne] having
been withdrawn, I have not now an opportu-
nity of moving an amendment to the para-
graph 1
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has, but
without debate, because debate on the para-
graph has been closed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understood that it was
only closed on the proposition of the gentle-
man from Illinois.
The SPEAKER. On everything in regard
to the Wisconsin river.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. J do not desire to move
an amendment for the purpose of amendment,
but for the purpose of speaking to it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
do that under the order of the House.
Mr. SPALDING. This bill being con-
sidered in the House as in Committee of the
Whole, is it in order at any time to move to
lay the bill on the table?
The SPEAKER. This being the House,
the motion to lay on the table can be made.
Mr. SPALDING. At any time?
The SPEAKER. At any time. It would
not be in order in Committee of the Whole,
but being in the House as in Committee of the
Whole, the double privileges of the House and
of the Committee of the Whole are vested in
the body in acting on the bill.
Mr. WOODWARD. On the motion to lay
on the table I demand the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Spaldikg] did not make that motion.
Mr. WOODWARD. Then I make the
motion.
Mr. iLLISON. And on it I demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. ELIOT. I hope this will be considered
a test vote.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
the gentleman from Pennsylvania will with-
draw his motion. There will be a substitute
offered which 1 think will be satisfactory to the
House.
Mr. JENCKES. I rise to a question of
order. I wish to make an inquiry ot the Chair.
The SPEAKER. That is not a question of
order.
Mr. JENCKES. It relates to a question of
order. Is not the order of the House that the
bill shall be considered as in Committee of the
Whole?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. JENCKES. Then how can a motion to
lay on the table be entertained if the bill is
being considered as in Committee of the Whole?
The SPEAKER. Precisely for the same
reason that the yeas and nays can be called in
the House on any proposition now pending
before it. They cannot be called in Commit-
tee of the Whole, yet they may bo in the House
when the House is acting as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. JENCKES. Does the Chair decide
that the yeas and nays can be called now on
any proposition?
The SPEAKER. They can.
Mr. JENCKES. I should raise the same
question of order on that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would answer
it by the Constitution of the United States,
which declares that " the yeas and nays of the
members of either House on any question
shall, at the desire of one fifth of those pres-
ent, be entered on the Journal." That docs
not apply to the Committee of the Whole, but
it does to the House of Representatives.
Mr. WOODWARD. I withdraw the motion
to lay on the table.
The Clerk read the next paragraph, as
follows:
For improvement of Ontonagon harbor, Lake Su-
perior, $20,000.
Mr. EARNS WORTH." For the purpose of
saying a few words 1 move to strike out that
paragraph. I do not know anything about
this harbor, or whether the appropriation is a
proper one or not. But I, for one, do not pro-
pose to ride in this omnibus  
Mr. ALLISON. I rise to a point of order.
I insist that the gentleman must confine his
remarks to the paragraph.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Well, if Ihe gentle-
man does that the same rule must be enforced
on other gentlemen.
Mr. ALLISON. That is what I want. _
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has aright
to state his reasons for moving to strike out the
paragraph.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand that a
substitute for the bill has been prepared which
provides for some of the most important works.
1 am myself in favor of general appropriations
for rivers and harbors ; but I am not in favor
of making an appropriation for every little
river and every little harbor that any gentleman
may happen to have in his district for the pur-
pose of getting his vote. There are some works
of importance in the West. The St. CUair flats
should be improved and harbors of refuge
should be built, for they are works which pertain
to the interests and commerce of tho whole
country. But at the present time to appropri-
ate $10,000 to be thrown into Lake Michigan at
this point, and another $10,000 to be thrown
into it ten miles farther off, andanother$10,000
to be thrown into it a few miles further on ; to
appropriate, as this bill does, $5,000 for this
river and $3,000, for that, appropriations
which, in the judgment of any candid man,
cannot be of any importance whatever in
prosecuting the works proposed, it seems to
me is all very absurd.
I do not know, Mr. Speaker, whether it is
now in order to move a substitute for this
entire bill.
The SPEAKER. A substitute for the bill
can noiv be moved, but action upon it will be
reserved until the original bill has been per-
fected.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It would save a
great deal of time if we could act upon the
substitute at once. .
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to say to my colleague [Mr. Farns'A'orth] that
a substitute will be proposed, to be offered at
the proper time, which I think will meet with,
his approbation and the approbation ot a
majority of this House. .
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think this is no
time for the Congress of the United States to
enter upon new works of internal improve-
ment. Our constituents do not demand it,
the country does not demand it, and certainly
the interests of the country will not be pro-
moted thereby at the present time.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ELIOT obtained the floor.
Mr. DRIGrGS. I hope the gentleman will
yield to me for one minute.
Mr. ELIOT. Very well; I will yield to the
gentleman for one minute.
Mr. DRIGGS. I understood the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Fahnsworth,] whenhe first
rose, to say that he did not know anything
about this harbor. That was, perhaps, one of
the best reasons in the world why he should
oppose this appropriation. Now, I want to
say that 1 do know something about it. There
was an appropriation made of $100,000 to
build a harbor at one of the most exposed
points on that immense inland sea, Lake Supe-
rior. The Government is now engaged in build-
ing that harbor, and the War Department has
estimated for only just enough to keep the works
there from waste and decay, to carry it along
so as to have it protected until a more appro-
priate time to make a larger appropriation to
complete the work. That is the real condition
of it. I will only say now, because I have not
more time, that I hope the House will not
strike out this appropriation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ELIOT. The objection made by the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr.- Farxswoiith] to
this bill is that it is an omnibus bill. There
lias not been a river and harbor bill passed for
many years which did not include in it all the
points of importance which the Congress that
passed upon it deemed it desirable to legislate
lor at that time. In earlier days it was the
practice to introduce a separate bill for each
particular point. But it was found to be incon-
venient to do that, and the practice has grown
up, which has been uniform for many years,
to put all the appropriations for such purposes
in one bill, and that necessarily makes what
the gentleman calls an omnibus bill. This
point, covered by the item now under consid-
eration, is one upon which the Government
has been and is now engaged at work in the
expenditure of moneys heretofore appropriated.
It is now in the course of construction. And
the point made by the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Fauxsworth] that he is in favor of har-
bors of refuge is met by the answer that this is
just one of those points.
It is stated by the engineers who have had
this matter in charge that this very point,
Ontonagon, is important if there was no com-
merce at all there ; ot vast importance as a
harbor of refuge. Therefore it comes within
the principle of the substitute which the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Washburne] has
talked about, in which he makes provision ior
one harbor of refuge. This is a very import-
ant point in that respect. Now, sir, thisis not
a new work. It has been examined, surveys
of it were made in the first place, and after-
ward appropriations were made. It is now m
the course of construction and completion.
It occupies the same ground in that regard
that most all the appropriations in this bill do,
for all of them, with here and there an excep-
tional case, are for works which are now in the
course of completion,
Ihe question was upon the amendment of
Mr. FARNSWORTH.
Mr. FARNSW ORTH. I moved that amend-
ment with reference to this particular item
