1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1161
Mr. CHANLER. I certainly think we should
know where it is to be located. It is rather a
high rent. This is a very serious question.
Mr. KETCHAM. The resolution explains
itself. Of course the Secretary of War will
rent the buildings as cheaply as possible, but
in no event can he pay to exceed $75,000 per
annum. I call the previous question.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. KETCHAM moved to reconsider the
votAy which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SALLY C. NOllTIIltOP.
Mr. HOPKINS, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (EL 11. No. 722) for the relief
of Sally C. Northrop; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was re-
ferred ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COLLECTION DISTRICTS.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 723) to create the
collection district of Island Pond; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
He also, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 724) to extend the bound-
aries of the collection district of Ghamplain ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on'Commerce.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the votes by which the bills were
referred; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POST ROADS.
Mr. EGGLESTON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 72o) supple-
mental to an act approved July II, 1862, enti-
tled "An act to establish certain post roads
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Roads and
Canals.
EQUALIZATION OF BOUNTIES.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I ask unanimous con-
sent to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be, and are herebv, instructed to make a report on
House bill No. 12, in regard to equalizing bounties
of soldiers and marines.
Mr. GARFIELD. I wish to say that the
committee are doing all they can in regard to
that matter, and I hope the resolution will not
be adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is a
very unusual resolution.
The SPEAKER. It is mandatory in its
character. The committee cannot report un-
less by unanimous consent, except when called
in regular order.
Mr. GARFIELD. It will probably be three
or four weeks before the committee is called,
and we shall probably be ready to report by
that time.
Mr. PILE. I object to the resolution.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I do not withdraw the
resolution.
The SPEAKER. It is not before the
House. It would require unanimous consent
to consider it and unanimous consent for the
committee to report. The committee could
not obey the resolution except by the unani-
mous consent of the House.
INDIAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. J ULIAN, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented sundry memorials from societies of
Friends in the West, in relation to Indian
affairs; which were referred td the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
FORT RANDALL RESERVATION.
Mr. GLOSSBRENNER. I ask unanimous
consent to introduce a joint resolution relating
to settlers on that portion of the Fort Randall
reservation vacated by order of General Grant
in 1867.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Hlinois. I object
unless it can be read.
Mr. DAWES. Objection being made, I must
resume the floor.
ELECTION CONTEST—SMITH VS. BROWN.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the report of the Committee of Elections in
the case of Smith vs. Brown from the second
congressional district of Kentucky.
Mr. DAWES. This case was postponed
when it was last before the House for the pur-
pose of hearing the claimant, Mr. Brown, in
behalf of his right to the seat. Thatgentleman
is now present in the House, and 1 yield the
floor to him for that purpose.
Mr. BROWN, the claimant, then addressed
the House. His speech will be published in the
Appendix.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, it becomes my
duty, as representing the Committee of Elec-
tions, to close this debate and to make such
reply as they deem necessary to what has been
said in opposition to the report they have made;
and as I may find it necessary to occupy more
than an hour I hope that I may be relieved
from the embarassment of compressing my
remarks within the hour allowed by the rule
of the House. I will endeavor not to consume
the additional hour.
Mr. CIIANLER. I move that the gentle-
man be allowed the additional time he requires.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
gentleman's being allowed two hours if he shall
desire it? The Chair hears none.
Mr. DAWES then addressed the House.
His remarks will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. UPSON. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the resolutions.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was first upon the following
amendment, offered by Mr. Kerr as a substi-
tute for the resolution reported by the com-
mittee:
Resolved, That John Young Brown, not having vol-
untarily given aid, countenance, counsel, pr encour-
agement to persons engaged in armed hostility to the
United States, and having received a majority of the
votes cast in the second district of Kentucky for Rep-
resentative m thisHou-e, is entitled to admission and
to take the oath of office as a Representative from
said district.
The question being put on agreeing to the
substitute, there were—ayes 43, noes 84.
Mr. KERR. I demand the j-eas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 43, nays 108, not voting
38; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Axtell, Beck, Boyer.Brooks,
Burr, Chanler, Eldridge, Fox, Getz, Glossbretmer,
Golladay, Grover, Haight, Holman, Hotchkiss, Rich-
ard D. Hubbard, It umphrey, Jenokes. Johnson, Jones,
Kerr, Knott, Malloiy, Marshall,McCorniick, McCul-
lough, Morgan, Mungen, Niblack, Nicholson, Phelps,
Poland, Pruyn. Randall, Robinson, Sitgreaves, Ta-
ber, Lawrence S. Trimble. Van Auken, Van Trump,
Wood, and Woodward—43.
NAYS —Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Am ell,
Delos R. Ashley, James M.Ashley, Baker, Baldwin,
Banks, Beaman, Beatty, Benjamin, Bingham, Blaine,
Bromwel!. Broomall.Buckland, Butler,Cake,Church-
ill, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cornell, Co-
vodc.Culloin, Dawes, Donnelly, Eggleston, Ela, Eliot,
Ferriss, Kerry, Fields, Gravely, Griswold, Ha lsey, Hig-
by, Hill, Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D .Hubbard, Hun-
ter, Ingcrsoll, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kelsey, Ketch am,
Kitchen, Koontz. Laflin, George V. Lawrence, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Loughridgc,
Lynch, Marvin, Maynard. McCarthy, McOlurg.Mor-
0U1-, Miller, Moorhead, Morrell.Mullins, Myers, New-
comb. O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Peters, Pike,
Pile, Plant", Price, Raum, Sawyer, Schenek, Shanks,
Spalding, Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens, Stokes,
Taylor, John Trimble, Trowbridge, Twichell,Upson,
Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert. T. Van Horn,
Va,n Wyck, CadwaladerC.Washburn, EhhuB."ft ash-
burne, Henry D. Washburn, William B, Washburn,
Welker, Thomas Williams, William Williams, James
E. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and
Wimlorn—108.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Archer, Bailey. Barnes,
Bar mi in, Benton, Blair, Boutwell, Gary, Reader W.
Clarke, Bixon, Dodge, Driggs, Eekley, tarns worth,
Finney, Garfield, Harding, Hawkins, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Hulburd, Moore, Monissey, Nairn, Polsley,
Pomeroy. Robertson, Ross, Sco field, Selye, Sheilabar-
ger, Smith. Thaddeus Stevens. Stewart, Stone,Taffe,
Thomas, Ward, and Woodbridge—38.
So the substitute was disagreed to.
Mr. UPSON moved to reconsider the vote by _
which the resolution was disagreed to t.and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BURR moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to—ayes thirty-
six, noes not counted.
The question recurred on agreeing to the res-
olution reported by the committee, as follows:
Resolved, That John Young Brown, having volun-
tarily given aid, countenance, counsel, and encour-
agement to persons engaged in armed hostility to tho
United States, is not entitled to take the oath of
office as a Representative in this House from the sec-
ond congressional district of Kentucky, or to hold a
seat therein as such Representative.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. UPSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was agreed to ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. Before the House adjourn8
I desire to enter a motion that the remaining
two resolutions be recommitted to the Com-
mittee of Elections.
RAILROAD LAND GRANTS.
Mr. DONNELLY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 726) to regulate
the disposition of lands that may be hereafter
granted to aid in the construction of railroads;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was re-
ferred ; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FRO51 THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President
of the United States, by Colonel Moore, one
of his Secretaries, announcing that House bill
No. 320, making appropriations to supply de-
ficiencies in the appropriations for the execu-
tion of the reconstruction acts, for the service
of the quartermaster's department of the Gov-
ernment for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1808, and for other purposes, had become a
law, not having been returned within ten days,
Sundays excepted.
FORT LEAVENWORTH RESERVATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary
of War, transmitting a communication from
the Quartermaster General, relative to the sale
of the Fort Leavenworth military reservation;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
The SPEAKER asked and obtained leave
of absence for two weeks for Mr. Donnelly
and for one week for Mr. Barnes and Mr.
Cake.
And then, on motion of Mr. ALLISON, (at
four o'clock and fifty minutes p. m.,) theHouse
adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of John
E. George, of Danville, Montgomery county,
Texas, to be relieved from disabilities incurred
by participation in the rebellion.
Also, the petition of John E. George, of same
place, relative to a mail route from Danville
to Huntsville, Texas,
By Mr. BEATTY : A memorial of John W.
Hughes, for a pension.
By Mr. FERRY: Tho petition of E. P.
