1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3209
merely for the purpose of submitting some
general remarks. I now withdraw the amend-
ment.
No further amendment was offered.
The following clauses were read :
For improvement of Eagle harbor, Lake Superior,
$20,000.
For improvement of Marquette harbor, Lake Su-
perior, $20,000.
For improvement of Green Bay harbor, Wisconsin,
$35,000.
For improvement of Chippewa river, $5,000.
For improvement of Manitowoc harbor, Wiscon-
sin, $35,000.
For improvement of St. Croix river, $5,000.
. I*or improvement of Sheboygan harbor, Wlsconsin,
$20,000.
For improvement of Milwaukee harbor, Wiscon-
sin, $15,000.
Mr. PAINE. I move to amend the appro-
priation for the improvement of Milwaukee
harbor by increasing it to $25,000.
Mr. Speaker, I cannot state all the reasons
for my amendment for want of time, but I
think 1 have satisfied thegentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Eliot] that this increase ought
to be made. I will read from page 22 of the
estimates for these appropriations:
"An extension of both piers three hundred feet
would postpone for many years the injurious results
now threatened. This extension is thereloie recom-
mended by the engiuecr in charge, at a cost of
$65,872 80. Deducting presentbalance of appropria-
tion on hand, ^38,364 53, would leave, say $28,000,
which could be profitably expended during the next
fiscal year. The recommendutien is approved."
Then I turn to page and, relating to the
same appropriation, I find this :
" This extension is necessary; for the bar, though
forming slowly, will in coarse of time obftruct the
entrance if nothing be done to prevent it, and if the
work be delayed it will cost more when it is done,
because the bar will have to be dredged away, thus
incurring an expense not necessary now."
I do not ask the House to appropriate any
more than is called for by the engineers in
order to finish this work. I only move to
add $10,000, bringing the appropriation up to
$25,000; and I ask the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, who reported this bill, whetherit is
not reasonable?
Mr. ELIOT. I am bound to say in regard
to this amendment that there was some error.
From examination at the War Department I
am satisfied it ought to be corrected. This, with
other appropriations the gentleman will call
attention to, are eminently sound and proper.
This appropriation should be increased to
$25,000. 1 hope, therefore, the amendment
will be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For improvement of Racine harbor, Wisconsin,
$10,000.
Mr. PAINE. For the same reason I move
to increase this $10,000, and make it $20,000.
I will say, so far as the harbor of Milwaukee
is concerned, the city itself has expended nearly
half a million dollars upon it. The city of
Racine has also expended a large amount on
this harbor. I shall move to increase the
appropriation for Kenosha also. The engineer
reports as follows:
t49. Ilarbor of Racine, Wisconsin.
" The plan for this harbor is to extend both piers,
composed of cribs ballasted with stone, until adepth
ol litteen feet of water is reached, and to dredge
between the piers until twelve feet is obtained
throughout.
"Dae notice having been given,-the bids were
opened and contiacts entered into for prolonging
the north pier the required distance.
" The engineer in charge recommends dredging
between the piers to a depth of fourteen feet. The
estimated cost ot this improvement was $84,172 48;
the amount, appropriated was &45.00Q; amount re-
quired to complete the work, $39,172 48; add for
additional dredging, $5,000; amount which can be
profitably expended during the next fiscal year,
$45,000. The recommendation is approved.
" (See Appendix A, 8.)
4410. Harbor of Kenosha, Wisconsin.
44 During the present season the contractors have
extended the south pier three hundred and fifty-two
feet, and will complete the extension of the north
pier one hundred and ninety-two feet.
"Adepth of twelve feet has been obtained through-
out the greater part of the water-way, between the
piers, by dredging. The old piers are in bad condi-
tion, and require rebuilding from the water surtace.
the basin inside is very shallow.
14 The engineer in charge does not consider it neces-
sary to extend the piers further at the present time,
but thinks it proper to repair the old work and
dredge the basin to the depth of ten feet; for which
he estimates"—
For repairs of old pier work $20,000
For dredging required in basin  35,000
Total $55,000
Mr. ELIOT. The improvement of this
harbor now contemplated can be found set out
at length in the report, pages 75 and 76.. These
harbors are important not only for the pur-
poses of commerce, but as harbors of refuge.
The gentleman's amendment is in accordance
with the estimates.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the next clause, as follows:
For improvement of Kenesho harbor, Wisconsin,
$10,000.
Mr. PAINE. I move to increase that to
$20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk next read the following clauses:
For improvement oi harbor of Chicago, Illinois,
$43,000.
For improvement of Michigan City harbor, In-
diana, $35,000.
For improvement of harbor of St. Joseph, Michi-
gan, $20,000.
For improvement of South Haven harbor, Mich-
igan, $20,000.
For improvement of Grand Haven harbor, Michi-
gan, $20,000.
Foi unmovement of Muskegon harbor, Michigan,
$10,000.
For improvement of White river harbor, Michigan,
$75,000,
i'or improvement of Pcntwatcr harbor, Michigan,
S25.000.
For improvement of Pcre Marquette harbor, Michi-
gan, Sii.OOO.
For improvement of Manistee harbor, Michigan,
$25,000.
Mr. PILE. I find the last appropriation
read is an increase on the estimates. I move
to reduce it to $20,000, and I should like to
know the reasons for the increase.
Mr. FERRY. Will the chairman of the
committee allow me to reply to the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Pile.]
Mr. ELIOT. Certainly.
Mr. FERRY. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
from Missouri has moved to reduce the appro-
priation for Manistee harbor from $25,000 to
5520,000, and asks why it has been increased
above the amount recommended in the report.
By reference to the annual report of the en-
gineer department, to which 1 now call the
attention of the gentleman, it will be seen that
the amount originally recommended for that
harbor was $00,000. With a view to bring
the appropriations this year within the lowest
possible limits, tne House requested the chief
of engineers to submit an esi mate of the least
amount that would be consistent with the pres-
ervation of the works, already commenced and
partly finished. The response to this request
was the supplemental estimate to which the
gentleman refers. In this modified report,
making a very large reduction from the orig-
inal one, I most heartily concurred. The con-
dition of our finances, the buiatns of necessary
taxation demanded a scrupulous regard for the
most economical expenditure of the public
funds compatible with the public interests.
To show the gentleman how far that dispo-
sition was regarded, and in which I most cheer-
fully cooperated, I call his attention to the fact
that for the harbors in the district I repre-
sent the amount was reduced from $433,000
to $185,000, a reduction of $248,000; and
it will be further seen how materially this
operated on Manistee harbor, when the esti-
mates for that were cut down to one-third the
original amount recommended. That the gen-
tleman and the House may appreciate how tar I
shared in that disposition to cut down appro-
priations to the lowest possible figures con-
sistent with a wise regard to a just economy,
let me instance the case of Grand Haven har-
bor, where I reside. The original estimate
for this was $75,000, and mostly for the con-
struction of a new north pier. Believing that
we could get along without a north pier for the
present as we had for the past, I recommended
abandonment of that till we were better able
to meet the necessary appropriation, and that
only so much as was necessary to complete the
existing south pier and fully protect that should
be appropriated. Twenty thousand dollars
only was therefore recommended for Grand
Haven harbor, instead of $75,000.
Upon the same theory of a wise economy I
urged an appropriation for Muskegon harbor,
sufficient to protect the piers already built, but
of such temporary character, largely of slabs,
exposed to the fire of passing steamers, and
$10,000 was recommended in the last estimate
where none was deemed necessary in the first
estimate. Knowing that any day fire or other
elements might so injure or destroy existing
piers there that the harbor might be seriously
damaged, I could well urge something for that
object—and it was true economy, too—since I
had cheerfully acquiesced in cutting down my
own harbor from $75,000 to $20,000.
It is for this reason, sir, that Muskegon har-
bor appears with $10,000 in the last estimate
against nothing in the first one. Upon the
same principle of a wise regard to the condi-
tion of the several harbors within my district,
for similar reasons it was necessary to increase
Manistee harbor from $20,000 to $25,000, as
the bill appears. Bearing in mind that the
original estimate for this harbor was $60,000,
the gentleman ought not to complain if our
laudable economy has reduced the appropria-
tion there $35,000, even if he discovers that
the $25,000 in the bill is actually $5,000 more
than appears in the supplemental estimate.
This $5,000 I urged for protection against the
ravages of fire, and because I felt confident
that $20,000 would not be enough to keep
going the work already commenced, and give
due protection to money already expended,
and insure safety to the growing commerce of
that river.
More than this, Mr. Speaker, without dis-
paraging other points of like energy, I may
freely say that this appropriation and more is
due alike to the enterprise and merits of the
citizens of Manistee. With an outlay and per-
sistency which entitle them to all praise they
have, until within a very short time, made all
the improvements of that harbor at their own
charges. It is but just to them that the Gov-
ernment should now come to their rescue and
share the burden of this work. Of my own
knowledge and observation do I speak when I
say that the enterprise exhibited all along the
western shore of Michigan in respect to im-
provement of harbors of refuge is worthy the
consideration of the Government. Winds pre-
vailing as they do from the westward the
whole shipping of the chain of lakes are more
or less exposed to that shore, and the magni-
tude of that commerce entitles, yea, demands
aid to construct suitable harbors of refuge, and
you cannot have too many such. Vessels that
are annually stranded upon that shore speak
louder than my feeble voice for what i am
contending. I regret, Mr. Speaker, that the
five-minutes' rule deprives me from saying
what 1 would like to say on this question of
protection to harbors and commerce and which
the subject demands, but I trust the gentleman
is answered and that he will no longer press
his amendment.
Mr. PILE. I withdraw the amendment.
The Clerk read as follows :
For improvement of harbor at Aux Bees Scies,
Michigan, $10,000.
Formiproveuient of Saugatuck harbor, Michigan,
$30,000. . .
For improvement of the St. Mary's river, Michi-
gan, $20,000.
For improvement of Au Sablo river, Lake Huron,
Michigan, $20,000. .
For improvement of St. Clair flats, Lake fet. Uair,
$200,000.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I move, on behalf of
the Committee on Commerce, to insert the fol-
lowing.:
For improvement of the Sandnsky river, Ohio,
$15,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
