1162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
Royce, Richard Mason & Co., and 45 others
citizens of Michigan, prayiug for an appropria-
tion lor a harbor at the mouth of Menomonee
river.
B?>Mm 60IjIjADAY: The petition of Rob-
ert B. Taylor, of Cumberland county, Ken-
tucky, asking for payment of a horse pressed
under orders.
By Mr. HALSEY: Resolutions of the com-
mon council of the city of Newark, New Jer-
sey, asking Congress to make an appropriation
to improve the navigation of the Passaic river.
—• JULIAN: The petition of W. H.
Wilkerton, of Indiana, for allowance as pay
tor services as an officer in the late war for the
Union.
% Mr. KITCHEN: The petition of Wil-
liam M. Phares and 84 others, citizens of West
Virginia, praying for the establishment of a
mail route from Holly Meadows, in Tucker
county, by Black Fork, Pleasant Run, Mouth
of Pheasant, and Taylor's Mill, to New Inter-
est, in Randolph county, West Virginia.
By Mr. MAYNARD: The petition of J. K.
Clingan, of Cleveland, Tennessee, praying
reimbursement for expenses incurred in re-
cruiting.
By Mr. PERHAM: A memorial of Mr.
Francis 0. Dorr, for pension.
By Mr. SHANKS : The petition of certain
Miami Indians of the State of Indiana.
By Mr. STOKES: The petition of Major J.
A. Brents, of Clinton county, Kentucky, ask-
ing for relief.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 14, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. IT. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
iiouse bill referred.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 203) for
reducing the expenses of the War Department,
and for other purposes, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
petition of manufacturers of bitters and tonics
in the city of Lancaster, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing a modification of the laws relative to the
tax on the manufacture of bitters; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have been requested
to present to the Senate a remonstrance signed
by William Stewart and others, officers in the
late volunteer service, against the passage of a
bill introduced by the Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Wilson] relative to commutation
for servants' pay. These officers set forth in
their remonstrance that these claims grow out
of laws Congress itself enacted, and that they
are just and equitable in all respects, and the
nation is as fully pledged to their payment as
it is to redeem its five-twenty bonds. They
state that a ease involving the right to this
commutation is pending in the Supreme Court
of the United States; and they remonstrate
against the violation of the national faith which
will be involved in the passage of the bill taking
away rights which they insist belong to them.
I move the reference of the remonstrance to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agieed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I have a remonstrance
of precisely the same kind as that presented by
the Senator from Illinois ; I will not repeat its
contents, but I move that it take the same ref-
erence. It is signed by a large number of
officers.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I have three remonstrances
on the same subject, which I present, and move
their reference to the Committee on Military
Affairs. I will simply say, in regard to the
matter, that it is now in court, and whatever
the court may decide as to any claim in the
case the positive intention of the law of Con-
gress was otherwise than as these parties claim.
I dp not know that it is necessary to have any
legislation; but the matter will be left to the
decision of the court; I am perfectly willing
that the court shall pass upon it; but I know
what the_ intention of Congress was, and what
the law intended to do. The construction of
the Department was according to the intention
of Congress in passing the law. I move that
these remonstrances be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I present the petition of
Matthias Harris, chaplain United States Army,
in which he sets forth that he was removed
from the Army eight or nine months on cer-
tain charges, and has since been restored, and
he asks his pay during that time. I move its
reference to the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON also presented a memorial of
a committee appointed by the Clerks' Associa-
tion, praying the establishment of a library and
reading-room for the employes of the Govern-
ment in the city of Washington; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
Mr. MORGAN. I present a memorial of
A. A. Low & Co., and numerous other im-
porting merchants of the city of New York,
a long list, asking Congress to pass a law legal-
izing all written contracts for payment in gold
coin. I move that this take the same course
with the other memorials on the same subject
and be laid on the table, a bill having been
reported by the Committee on Finance carry-
ing out the prayer of the memorialists.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD presented a memorial of J.
M. Arnold, Silas Farmer, and numerous other
citizens of Michigan, praying the reduction of
the Army and Navy of the United States, and
a general reduction of the expenses of the Uni-
ted Slates, and at the same time expressing
their willingness to contribute their share of
taxes to any amount that maybe necessary for
the support of the Government; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CAMERON presented a memorial of
the Philadelphia Board of Trade, praying such
a change in the revenue laws as shall authorize
the immediate forwarding of goods and mer-
chandise imported at Boston, New York, Phil-
adelphia, and Baltimore, to the customs offi-
cers of either of those ports, without entry,
warehousing, bonding, or other delay at the
port of ariival; which was referred totheCom-
mittee on Finance.
lie also presented a petition of B. F. McDon-
ough, praying compensation for services ren-
dered as assessor of internal revenue in the
first district of Texas from the 18th August,
18(55, to September "2'A, 18CC ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented a petition of manufac-
turers of bitters and tonics in the city of Lan-
caster, Pennsylvania, prayiug a modification of
the tax on bitters; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of late soldiers
and officers of the Union army, protesting
against the passage of the bill prohibiting the
payment of the difference between eleven and
sixteen dollars a month in the pay of officers'
servants from May 1, 1864, to March 3, 1865 ;
which was referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. CATTBLL. I present a petition simi-
lar to the one first presented by the Senator
from Pennsylvania, signed by the most prom-
inent merchants of the city of Philadelphia,
asking a change in the revenue laws so as to
admit the large importations arriving at New
York, intended for other cities on the sea-board
and in the West, being delivered at the place
of destination in bond and the duties there
paid. I move its reference to the Committee
on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented addi-
tional papers in relation to the claim of Har-
riet W. Pond; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. HARLAN presented a petition of Sam-
uel Merrill, Governor of Iowa, and other State
officers and citizens of that State, praying that
a pension be granted to James A. Guthrie;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
He also presented a memorial of honorably
discharged officers of the late army to sup-
press rebellion, protesting against the pas-
sage of the bill prohibiting the payment o£the
difference between eleven and sixteen dollars
per month in the pay of officers' servants from
May 1, 1864, to March 8, 1805; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I present a memorial,
signed by manufacturers and dealers in refined
coal oil in Western Pennsylvania, representing,
that the present mode of ascertaining the quan-
tities of refined coal oil by gauging with the
calliper or straight rod is unreliable and the
source of much dissatisfaction, and praying
that the system of ascertaining quantity by
weighing may be authorized and established in
the department of internal revenue, and as-
signing various reasons for the proposed change.
I move the reference of the memorial to the
Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. YATES presented a memorial of the
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Da-
kota, relative to a United States land office in
the Red river valley; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire,
presented the petition of Hannah Cutter, exec-
utrix of the estate of Jacob Cutter, deceased,
and Mary Cutter, Frances C. Bassett, Matilda
M. Cutter, Cornelia E. Cutter, and Ralph C.
Cutter, children of Jacob Cutter, deceased,
praying to be released from claims or demands
against them or the estate of their father in
consequence of his being security for Charles
W. Cutter, late navy agent at Portsmouth,
New Hampshire; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred the petition
of Henry II. Cuppy and_ Elizabeth, his wife,
praying to be^ allowed an increase of pension,
asked to be discharged from its further consid-
eration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of citizens of West
Virginia, praying that a pension be granted to
Edmund J. Hays, late a private in company
B, sixth regiment West Virginia volunteers,
asked to be discharged from its further consid-
eration, and that the petitioner have leave to
withdraw his papers and petition ; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 333) for the relief
of Julia M. Molin, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Louisa Fitch,
widow of E. P. Fitch, deceased, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 359)
granting a pension to Louisa Fitch, widow of
hi. ir. r itch, deceased. The bill was read and
passed to a second reading, and the report wa3
ordered to be printed.
Mi. \\ ILLE'i , from the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office, to whom was
leferred the petition of Mrs. George D. Simp-
son, praying compensation for the use by the
Government, of a submarine telegraph cable
invented by her husband, submitted an adverse
report; which was ordered to be printed.
AJpSOSf, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
reterred the joint resolution (H. R. No. 203)
for reducing the expenses of the War Depart-
ment, and for other purposes, reported it with-
out amendment.
