4234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
be entitled to and shall receive from this Gov-
ernment the same protection of persons and
property that is accorded to native-born citi-
zens in like situation and circumstances."
Mr. President, this may be said to be an em-
igrant nation ; we were all emigrants but a few
generations back, and the very character of
the country, the way our nation has been
brought into existence, makes the assertion
of this principle a necessity. We invite men
of foreign birth to our shores; they come ; they
bring to ns wealth and labor and develop-
ment and power, and we are bound, by every
principle of natural justice and of national
duty to protect these men as if they were born
upon our soil wherever they may go. It is
a duty incumbent upon the Government, for
they are only in the assertion themselves of a
natural and inherent right, and it is our duty to
protect our citizens in the enjoyment of their
natural inherent rights wherever they may
go.
But while I agree with the Senator from
California, and with this bill in the declaration
of principles that is made, I disagree with him
in regard to the remedy ; and it was upon that
point that the committee amended the original
bill as it came from the House of Representa-
tives. The bill consists of two parts; first, the
declaration of principles ; and secondly, the
remedy to be provided for a violation of those
rights by a foreign Government.
The bill as proposed to be amended by the
Senator from California should be somewhat
differently entitled. It should be entitled "A
bill for the protection of naturalized Ameri-
can citizens abroad," for his amendment is
applicable only to cases where citizens are
held in prison or arrested abroad upon the
allegation that they owe allegiance to the Gov-
ernment that has arrested them and holds them
in prison.
Mr. CONNESS. I beg to state to the Sena-
tor that that is the body of the bill as passed by
the House of Representatives, not my amend-
ment.
Mr. MORTON. As I understand the Sena-
tor, he has eliminated from the third section
that part which refers to all cases, which is
the second clause of the third section; but
perhaps 1 am mistaken about it.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator is mistaken.
Mr. MORTON. The substance of the amend-
ment of the Senator from California is to
authorize the President of the United States,
in case an American citizen is arrested and
held without justice or good cause, or is un-
reasonably detained, to seize and hold in prison
or in custody a subject of the Government
that has thus improperly arrested and held
American citizens, h'or example, if the Eng-
lish Government has arrested and holds in
custody an American citizen improperly, in the
opinion of the President of the United States,
then the President is to have the power to seize
a subject of that Government and imprison
him for the purpose of compelling the other
Government to set at liberty the American
citizen thus improperly imprisoned.
My objection to this clause is based upon
two or three reasons. First, to seize an inno-
cent citizen or subject of another country and
hold him in prison on account of the improper
arrest of an American citizen would be an act
of personal injustice and outrage. I ask what
subject of a foreign Government could come
to this country with safety and feel that he was
safe here, and in the full enjoyment of per-
sonal security as at home, if he is liable to
arrest by the President of the United States
because an American citizen has been improp-
erly arrested and held in prison in England ?
What English subject would feel safe in visit-
ing this country or in traveling through it?
And then the personal injustice, I might say
wickedness, of putting into prison an English-
man m this country who has no knowledge of
the arrest that has been madein England, per-
haps, has no connection with it, who is entirely
innocent of the cause of trouble, is repugnant
to modem civilization, and is certainly repug-
nant to all the principles of personal justice
and humanity.
But, Mr. President, there is even a greater
objection to this proposition than that; and it
is that you put the power into the hands of the
President, unrestrained except in the exercise
of his judgment, to make war with any other
country ; you give to the President the power
of peace or war. If the President thinks an
American citizen has been improperly arrested
and detained, he can go to war. He may get
a false account. Ho may have been told that
an American citizen has been arrested and con-
victed in England for words spoken in_Amer-
ica, and it may turn out that it is a mistake;
but the whole matter is left to the decision of
one man, and upon that decision, perhaps,
there is a war depending which may cost the
lives of hundreds of thousands of men and
billions of dollars. It is too great a power to
place in the hands of any man. I would not
give it to the best President that ever occupied
the White House. I say I would not give that
power to any one man that ever has occupied
the White House, or ever will.
Mr. President, a matter of that kind that
involves the peace of two countries ought to
be referred to Congress for its determination;
it ought to be fully considered and the Sen-
ators and Representatives in Congress, after
full information and examination, should de-
termine what should be the remedy for the
evil, for the unjust imprisonment or detention
of the American citizen abroad. Why, Mr.
President, what would be the effect? I ask
the Senator from California what would be the
effect of the arrest and detention of a British
subject or of a subject of North Germany or
any other great Power if we should seize one
of their citizcns and imprison him upon such a
pretext as that? Suppose now in consequence
of the improper imprisonment, as it is alleged,
of an American citizen in England wo should
seize Charles Dickens or any other distinguished
British subject, or even a British subject of no
distinction, and arrest him and hold him. The
British Government has already said to our
Government they had good cause for holding
the American citizen. We will assume that
the President has been in communication with
the British Government and the British Govern-
ment has said, "We had good cause for arrest-
ing this man; he has violated our law; and
we are only acting in obedience to our laws."
After the British Government has said that to
the President of the United States, the Presi-
dent disagreeing with it, he is to make the
arrest of a British subject here. I ask if the
British Government or any other Government
would in that case back down and release the
American citizen in consequence of tlie arrest
of a citizen of theirs? No, sir; it puts the
remedy in the most offensive form.
Mr. CONNESS. Will my friend permit mo
to make a suggestion at this point?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONNESS. I understood my friend
to use this language: what would the conse-
quencc be if we should arrest a citizen or sub-
ject of any great Power upon such a pretext
as that; that is, upon a pretext that they held
one of our citizens in custody and had con-
victed him without alleging that the cause of
the conviction was for acts done or words
spoken in the United States. I submit to my
friend that that is not a fair statement of the
case. The predicate of this act is here suc-
cinctly and plainly stated. We are_ to take
nothing for granted. The President is first to
ascertain the facts. "Whenever it shall be
duly made known to the President that any
citizen of the United States has been arrested,
and is detained by any foreign Government,
in contravention of the intent and purposes
of this act upon the allegation that naturaliza-
tion in the United States does not operate to
dissolve his allegiance," not because he is
alleged to have committed a crime there, no
matter whether it is true that he committed
that crime or did not; but denying this right
of expatriation, denying our citizenship con-
ferred upon that man and the rights accruing
to him. No man will deny, the Senator will
not deny, that if there were a case of thatkiud,
this nation must go to war.
Mr. MORTON. As to whether these facts
exist on which my friend says the Government
must go to war, that depends simply upon the
iudgment of one man, the President of the
United States. Can we intrust that power to
one man, a thing about which he may be mis-
taken ? Can such a decision as that be made
by anybody except Congress?
But, Mr. President, to proceed with my argu-
ment on this point, this bill presupposes that
before the President shall take any action lie
shall have made an effort to procure the dis-
charge of the American citizen in custody.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I submit to the Senator
that it imposes no duty_ whatever upon the
President. The bill as it passed the House
does not require the President to do a single
thing. , ,
Mr. MORTON. I take it for granted that
that is what it means; that the President is not
to take this rash measure without first attempt-
ing by negotiation to procure a discharge of
the prisoner. The bill must proceed upon the
idea that the President shall first attempt to
procure the discharge of the American citizen
by negotiation, and after everything has failed
then this is presented as the dernier retort, the
right to arrest and hold a citizen of the foreign
country in custody as a reprisal. Let us sup-
pose that an American citizen is arrested ; the
President calls upon the British Government
to explain the arrest and release the man.
Negotiations take place. The British Govern-
ment explain and say: "We arrested himfor
a certain cause, and tried and convicted him ;
we are right according to our laws, and we shall
hold him." After an investigation of the ques-
tion they refuse to give him up. The Presi-
dent says : "You refuse to surrender this man ;
in my judgment he is improperly detained ; I
will, therefore, seize and hold a British subject,"
and he does so. Now, I ask you whether you
would expect any Power, whether first class,
second class, or third class, after having put
itself in this position by negotiation, to surren-
der the American citizen because one of their
own subjects has been arrested? No, sir ; no
Government could do it honorably before the
world, and none would do it. This would be
the most offensive form in which the arrest of
a citizen of a foreign country could be made
by the American Government.
Mr. President, so far from the arrest of a
British subject bringing about the discharge
of the American citizen that the British Gov-
ernment has persisted in holding in custody
after due explanation and negotiation, they
would inevitably persist in holding him, and
it would lead to war unless we abandoned our
position.
Now, Mr. President, let us reverse the case
for a single moment and see what we would
do under those circumstances. Let us sup-
pose we had arrested a British subject during
the war for having conspired to aid the rebels
and imprisoned him. The British Govern-
ment demand his release. We refuse it. We
say to the English Government through our
minister, "We arrested this man for certain
causes; we tried him and convicted him of
certain acts of hostility and conspiracy to this
Government, and therefore we hold him."
The British Government says in reply to that,
"You have no right to hold this subject of
ours," and consequently they arrest an Ameri-
can citizen in London and put him into a dun-
geon. _ I ask you what we would do under
these circumstances. Would we let the Brirish
subject go, the man convicted and imprisoned
according to our laws? No ; it would lead to
conflict and to war between the two countries.
Mr. President, if it is desirable to get up a
war between this country and any greatPower
I cannot conceive of a better plan of accom-
plishing that object than to do this. It is a
remedy that is sure to bring no relief, because
it is a remedy that strikes atthe pride of nations,
