3210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
Mr. BUCKLAND. I move to insert the fol-
lowing :
For improvement of liurbor at Pert Clinton, Ohio,
$10,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I know
that is right.
Mr. ELIOT. I do not recognize the par-
ticular right of the gentleman from Illinois to
say that this should go in.
"Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Why not?
Mr. ELIOT. Because he has not charge
of the bill.
Mr. BUClvLAND. I wish simply to say
that this is a port where there was a survey
made last year, but no appropriation was rec-
ommended by the committee. [ offer it because
I suppose my constituents expect mc to do so.
It is one of the lake ports between Sandusky
and Toledo.
Mr. SPALDING. It is needed, also.
Mr. BUCKLAND. Yes,sir; andlthinkit
is right and proper. I do not desire to make
a speech on the subject.
Mr. EGGLESTON. The amendment that
has just passed is for that improvement, and
therefore I think it is unnecessary to add this
$10,000.
Mr. BUCKLAND. My colleague is mis-
taken. The Sandusky river does not go to
Port Clinton at ail. It is at the mouth of the
Portage river.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I withdraw the objec-
tion.
Mr. ELIOT. I object to any amendment of
this sort. The committee have endeavored in
the appropriations of this bill to keep down the
expenditures so far as practicable consistent
with the interests that have been represented
to them by petition through the House in the
ordinary way, or by application atthecommit-
tee-room by gentlemen interested in the subject
of the bill. It will be manifest that the bill as
it came from the committee would bo loaded
down so as to be too heavy to bo borne if
gentlemen upon the floor make amendments
because of the interest they severally represent,
and they are agreed to by the House, i cannot
say what the merits or demerits of the appro-
priation asked for are, but I can say that so far
as the committee's work has been done it has
been their endeavor to study carefully all the
improvement,s which have been reported and
to recommend none unlessthey came supported
by arguments from the War Department, by
recommendation of the bureau of engineers,
and by considerations which seemed to the
committee proper to be taken into account in
reporting the bill to the House. I cannot, there-
fore, consent without any examination of the
matter in hand that iho amendment should be
made, and must ask the JIousc to vote against
it, because otherwise it is perfectly obvious that
gentlemen all around would be desirous of
inserting amendments for the interest of their
special localities without having them acted
upon in the committee.
The question was taken on Mr. Buuklaxu's
amendment, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I desire to ask the
gentleman who has charge of this bill why the
harbor of Toledo has been omitted in the appro-
priations made this year ?
Mr. ELIOT. Certainly, the gentleman has
a right to an answer on the floor of the House;
he has had an answer in private.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What
question is before the House?
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move to strike
out the last word.
The SPEAKER. There is no last word
pending.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Then I move to
insert the following:
For harbor of Toledo, $30,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let that
go in.
Mr. ELIOT. I desire to oppose the amend-
ment. My friend from Illinois says, "Let
that go in." The truth is, the gentleman from
Illinois is desirous that this bill shall be de-
stroyed, and it is a part of his parliamentary
tactics to endeavor to make the measure as
odious as possible before the final yote is taken.
Very good tactics, but when it is known as
thoroughly as it is in the case of my friend the
tactics are very apt to be harmless.
I will say to my friend from Ohio [Mr. Ash-
ley] who has earnestly, assiduously, in season
and out of season, pressed upon the committee
the desirableness of inserting an appropriation
for Toledo in this bill—who has, in fact, beset
the committee behind and before, and laid his
hands upon it in order to get that appropria-
tion made—that this is the simple and plain
reason why the committee have not done it.
The appropriation which was made last year
has not yet been expended. The appropria-
tion i3 sufficient for the purpose for which it
was then designed. Upon examining the har-
bor of Toledo report was made to us by the
chief engineer that the importance of that har-
bor is so decided, and the interests of commerce
that are connected with it are so great, that it
is important before another appropriation shall
be made that a more careful survey should be
had and a more careful plan of improvement
adopted, in order that when the work is done
it shall be in accordance with the wants of the
locality. That has not been done. As soon
as it is done, there will be such a report made
as will enable the committee to insert in a river
and harbor bill a proper appropriation. Not
having the proper information now, the com-
mittee could not do what my friend has de-
sired.
Mr. ASIILEY, of Ohio. Has there not been
a report submitted to the committee by the War
Department on the survey made last fall ?
Mr. ELIOT. Well, sir, if the gentleman
will examine the last report he will find that
in the report itself are found the facts which I
have stated, that it is important, in view of the
importance of the harbor itself, that a further
examination and furl her plans should be made
of the improvements before they can be prop-
erly entered on.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I withdraw my
amendment.
Sir. WELKER. I offer the following amend-
ment :
For improvement of Black river harbor on Lake
Erie, $20,000,
I feel, Mr. Speaker, that I would be neglect-
ing the interests of my constituents, represent-
ing, as I do, one of the districts bordering on
the southern shore of Lake Erie, if 1 did not
offer this amendment. I have in my district
perhaps one of the best harbors on Lake Erie,
that at the mouth of the Black river, and my
colleague from Cleveland [Mr. Spalding] will
bear me out in saying that it is the only com-
peting point for the navy-yard which we expect
to get on the southern shore of Lake Erie. I
am astonished that the Committee on Com-
merce have not seen the importance of this
harbor and recommended an appropriation for
its improvement. I do not know personally
whether my constituents residing there want
this appropriation or not, but I feel that, repre-
senting that district, as I do, I should ask at
the hands of Congress, in this division or dis-
tribution of the public funds, an appiopiiation
of $20,000.
Mr. UPSON. If this is such an excellent
harbor why do you want money to improve it?
Mr. WELKER. To make it better. While
all these harbors are being improved, I think
my constituents have been very much slighted
in not having an appropriation recommended
for their benefit.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand the
gentleman to say that he does not know whether
his constituents want this appropriation or not.
Mr. WELKEi'. This is the only harbor I
have in my district. Almost every other mem-
ber has his appropriation in this bill, and 1
think my district should be also represented
in this bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Thegentleman seems
to think that his district is entitled to at least
this much in the general distribution of the
PUMr° WELKER. I desire to say in further
recommendation of this place that, it. is a
ing town, and I would be glad to afford labor
to persons there by the expenditure of public
money to be appropriated by this bill. 1 would
be exceedingly glad if Congress would make
this appropriation, in order that my consti u
ents, and the constituents^ of nU_ the other
members who have appropriations m this Dill,
may be employed during this summer. n°
only would be a relief to them, but I have no
doubt it would be of great advantage to me
personally, if I could get this appropriation
made. [Laughter.] I hope, therefore, no
objection will be made to it.
Mr. ELIOT. I desire to say that I am glad,
on account of the gentleman from Black river,
[Mr. Welker,] that his constituents have not
a Representative upon this floor whose duty it
has been to get up a river and harbor appro-
priation bill for presentation to, this House.
There have been more cases than X can re-
member, like unto this which the gentleman
has spoken of, which have been brought before
the Committee of Commerce for the purpose
of seeing whether special localities might not
for special reasons be accommodated with
appropriations. I can only say to. my friend
that the uniform rule of the committee has
been to exclude every application that, has
not rested upon survey, estimate, and recom-
mendation from the War Department, and
the object of which did not of itself possess
intrinsic importance.
Sir, it will not do for us to expend the pub-
lic money where only purely local matters are
involved. And I take this occasion to say to
the House that, in my judgment, there is not
one single appropriation asked for in this bill
where the interes's of commerce as well as the
interests of localities are not subserved.
Mr. WELKER. Do I understand the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] to say
that there has been no survey of Black river
haibor? If ho did say so, he certainly is mis-
taken. There was an appropriation made last
year, as there was several years before : and it
is about as notorious as any harbor on that lake.
Mr. ELIOT. Then the gentleman will find,
if he will look a little lurther, that there is
enough of the money already appropriated
now on hand for all purposes that will be
wanted during this year, a'ad that at this time
no appropriation is wanted for the point he has
designated.
I could not tell, without having the books
before me, what were the reasons why the com-
mittee did not insert an appropriation for this
or that purpose, except the general reason that
there is money enough on hand to carry the
j work reasonably forward until next year.
Some time ago a resolution was sent to the
I War Department directing it to revise and
reduce the estimates for the works in prepara-
tion. In consequence of that resolution cir-
culars were sent to the engineers throughout
the country having charge of those works, and
upon the reports received from them the esti-
mates were revised and reduced, and appropri-
ations in accordance with those estimates have
been embraced in the bill now before the House.
I In some cases there have been appropriations
| omitted. And it may be. and probably is,
| that the loegi^ity referred to by the gentleman
| from Ohio [Mr. Welker] is among those for
; which no appropriations are now wanted. I
will stale tthai he probably knows, that there
| are about ten thousand dollars of the appropri-
| ation for his locality still unexpended. 1 hope,
j therefore, he will withdraw his amendment.
Mr. WELKER. I cannot withdraw it.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment ot Mr. W jiLKBn, and it was not agreed to *
there being upon a division—ayes 45,'=noes 51!
Mr. SPALDING. In order to perfect this
bill as much as I can I move to amend it by
i inserting the following :
' e the capacity of the ship-canal at
i Sault fete. Marie, $00,000.
