1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
2187
Mr. HENDRICKS. But this would stop
them when they were going ahead.
Mr. SHERMAN. The ordinary course of
the distillery is to stop about this time, and
wait until the next corn crop to go into fall
play again.
Mr. DAVIS. About the 1st of Juno the big
distilleries stop.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I thought you referred
to the action of the Government itself.
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, no. I say the dis-
tillers, as a matter of course, stop about this
time ; my friend from Kentucky says about the
1st of June ; but I think generally m the spring
of the year they stop and suspend operations
until the next year's com crop comes in, and
they commence feeding hogs again and distil-
ling whisky. That was the old-fashioned way
of doing the business. But now whisky is
manufactured out of molasses in little stills
that could be put in the desk of mv friend from
Missouri, distilled from molasses in a cellar,
under a livery stable; in every nook and corner
of a great city; and there are now hundreds
and hundreds of these stills working daily in
the city of New York. They pay a license and
they go on. Their stills are there. They are
legalized. There is no power under the pres-
ent law to stop the distillation of spirits. Now,
all that this measure does is to authorize the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue to suspend
their operations. In the first place, they are
required to suspend when the market value of
of the whisky is such as to indicate a fraud in
its manufacture. Then power is given to the
Commissioner to relieve them from these lia-
bilities. It seems to me, therefore, that Sen-
ators will find nothing in this bill which should
alarm them. If they will take it up and read
these sections and apply them to the facts
stated in these sections, they cannot find any-
thing there that could be very injurious for two
months. In the meantime, as we are informed,
the House of Representatives are engaged in
revising this whole internal revenue system,
codifying the laws, presenting a new system. I
do not know that we shall be able to agree
upon the basis of that system. I do not know
that we shall be able to agree about the mode
and manner of collecting the whisky tax. I
have my own ideas on that subject, which I
could give to the Senate for an hour or two.
I could make an answer to the Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Moktox] about his joint resolu-
tion that I think would silence him in about
two minutes; but I do not want to go into that
discussion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If you can do it in that
time let us have it.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; I do not want to go
into the discussion at all. I will state now that
the power to settle suits is confined solely to
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue. The
collector has no power over it. It is all on
page 27 of the compilation of internal revenue
laws. The district attorney is bound to re-
port to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
and obey his orders. If there is anything wrong
it is in the Commissoner of Internal Revenue
' or the Secretary of the Treasury. There is no
subordinate or divided authority. It may be
done by the district attorneys under the gen-
eral authority to enter a nolle prosequi; it may
be done by the directions of the court, who may
order the entering of a nolle prosequi. It may
be done in that way by your judicial officers,
but not by any collector; and it is necessary
to have this power somewhere.
There was one thing in the argument of my
friend from Indiana that struck lne as very sur-
prising. lie was very anxious that you should
not conclude against the distiller merely be-
cause he ran his distillery when it would not
pay; that it was not fair to draw a conclusion
against liim and seize him on that account
without giving him an opportunity to explain;
and yet he would take away from all officers
of the Government the power to settle a suit,
even if the explanation showed that there was
no guilty intent, no purpose to defraud, and
no actual fraud committed. It is utterly im-
possible to consider the proposition of the
Senator from Indiana without soon raising
objections to it; and that is the difficulty. If
you take up these various propositions you
will find that the argument will go to an indefi-
nite extent, and we shall arrive at no conclu-
sion.
This bill is in a stage where we must either
take it as it is or send it back to another com-
mittee of conference. If Senators have made
up their minds that it is best to divest this bill
of questions about whisky all they have got
to do is to say so, and it can be very easily
done; but if not, then, as a matter of course,
they had better take the bill as it is. The
House conferees may, at the next conference,
abandon this section; the House may be com-
pelled to abandon it; but my own opinion is
that the hill as it stands will work no substan-
tial injury to any interest whatever; that it will
have an immediate effect of preventing the
fraud in the distillation of spirits, and will yield
us a large revenue by securing at least our hold
upon that which is now in bonded warehouses.
But if Senators think differently let them so
vote.
I close my remarks by an appeal to the Sen-
ate to let us have a vote on this question and
decide it one way or the other, so that we may
get through with this bill to-night if possible.
If not, I do not know when it will take effect,
when we can puss it.
M r. F R FL1 \T G Ii 11Y S E N. Mr. President,
there is one feature of this bill that commends
itself to my judgment: and that is, that it puts
it in the power of the Government officials to
close all the distilleries as soon as this bill is
passed. The other feature of this bill, that
they shall be permitted to go on for eight or
ten days, does not commend itself to me; but
what possible injury is done by having all the
distilleries closed as soon as this bill is passed?
N o person who is honestly engaged in the man-
ufacture of liquor has his distillery running
now. It is, as has been said, absurd to sup-
pose that a man will pay two dollars tax on
whisky and then sell it for a much less sum.
There may be persons who are honestly en-
gaged in manufacturing for the purpose of
selling hereafter, not lemoving it from their
distilleries; but their number must be very
small, if there are any. This legislation is in aid
of such a person ; because, by stopping the dis-
tilleries, it tends to raise the price ot'what he
has in store; and there certainly is no impropri-
ety in stopping all distilleries that are engaged
in dishonestly manufacturing whisky. There-
fore that feature of the bill I am in favor of.
The suggestion of the Senator from Mary-
land, that this is an ex post facto provision, I
do not think is well taken. Where persons
are engaged in violating the law it is not ex
post facto to pass a law that they shall stop
the manufacture altogether. Besides, I look
upon this as a temporary measure. The atten-
tion of Congress is about to be engaged in
other matters than legislation, and if we do
not pass this bill now perhaps for weeks and
months these distilleries will be engaged in
flooding the country with this illicit manufac-
ture. And besides that, in all probability, if
we do not adopt this amendment, we shall lo^e
the relief bill to the manufacturers of the
country. For these reasons I am in favor of
adopting tbe report of the committee of con-
ference.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I am very much
impressed with the belief that the subject of
whisky, from its extent and difficulty and the
amount of revenue which it produces to the
Government, ought to be made the matter of
a special law. 1 believe it would be for the
interest of the Government and of the manu-
facturers of whisky, and of the country gene-
rally where grain is sold to the manufacturers
of whisky, that the whole subject should be
matured in a single bill; and 1 would be very
much gratified, myself, if gentlemen would
come to that decision.
But, in relation to the matter now under
consideration, I will inquire of the honorable
Senator, the chairman of the Committee on
Finance, if the subject of whisky was attached
to the bill under consideration before there
was any difference between the two Houses.
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, yes; there wasnoth-
ing about whisky in the bill until it went back
to the House with the Senate amendments ; but
they attached to our manufacturers' amend-
ment, as it is called, several other amendments,
and then this provision about whisky, for the
first time.
Mr. DAVIS. There was a disagreement
between the two Houses in relation to manu-
facturers ?
Mr. SHERMAN. And several other mat-
ters.
Mr. DAVIS. And whisky was added after
that disagreement had arisen ?
Mr. SHERMAN. No; there was no dis-
agreement at that time. The Senate made its
amendments, but that was no disagreement.
The bill went back to the House with the Sen-
ate amendments, and then the House amended
our amendments and added this proposition iu
the third stage.
Mr. DAVIS. There was, of course, a disa-
greement between the Senate and the House to
the extent that the Senate made amendments
to the House bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The House of Rep-
resentatives agreed to our amendments in rela-
tion to the tax on manufacturers' sales, with
an amendment embracing two new sections oil
an entirely different subject from any contained
in the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir. The matter as it is
presented after this explanation shows that the
committee of conference had no jurisdiction
to take cognizance of the subject of whisky.
As I understand the rules of parliamentary
proceeding, it was improperly ingrafted upon
the bill at a time when there was a disagree-
ment between the two Houses in relation to
some propositions, and when, according to
parliamentary law, the committee of confer-
ence had cognizance only of the matters that
were then in disagreement between the two
Houses.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The section was intro-
duced and passed in the House of Representa-
tives before the bill went to the conference
committee.
Mr. DAVIS. That I understand ; but the
parliamentary law in relation to committees of
conference is that it is only upon points in re-
gard to which the two Houses have disagreed
that a committee of conference has any juris-
diction ; because, otherwise, the provision of
the Constitution that a bill shall be read three
several days in either House, if it be required,
and the further provision of the two Houses
that there shall be entire freedom of debate
upon all propositions, and not only of debate,
but of vote, a vote of acceptance or rejection,
would be violated by this illegitimate mode in
which committees of conference for the last
few years between the two Houses have acted
in relation to all subjects. It is a provision of
the Constitution that bills shall be read three
several times on as many days, unless that pro-
vision be obviated by the consent of the two
Houses; and, iu relation to all amendments
that are legitimately offered to bills in the
House and in the Senate, there is not only
the freedom of debate, but a perfectly free
vote. Now, sir, from tins clandestine manner
—and I use the word in no offensive sense—
in which subjects are ingrafted upon measures
by committees of conference, both the free-
dom of debate and the right to take separate
and distinct votes upon each proposition are
defeated ; and that, of itself, in my judgment,
is a sufficient ground for the rejection of this
report of the committee of conference. There
has been no opportunity to take a separate and
distinct vote in the Senate in relation to this
whisky proposition. According to the rule in
relation to all reports of committees of con-
ference yon cannot divide the report; you
cannot take s. vote upon one feature or pro-
