1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
strikes at the justness of their conclusions.
As they have already said that they have a right
to hold the men they have got, and as they
have said that before we take one of their cit-
izens they will say it afterward, and then what
comes? They will say to us: "You have
arrested a British subject without authority and
withoutright; you must let him go immediately
or it is a casus belli.1' When they say that to
us we answer, "No; we will hold him, because
you first arrested improperly and hold one of
our citizens." What is the consequence? War;
there is no other alternative unless one of the
parties backs out from its position.
I agree in the necessity of asserting the rights
of American citizens abroad, but I am not
willing to place in the hands of the President
of the United States the power to bring on war
in any contingency.
presidential approval op bills.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Air. William G. Mooke, his Secre-
tary, announced that the President had on this
day signed and approved the following acts:
An act (8. No. 480) to facilitate the settle-
ment of certain prize cases in the southern
district of Florida ;
An act (S. No. 550) for the relief of Robert
Ford;
A resolution (S. R. No. 113) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue an Amer-
ican register to the British-built brig Highland
Mary;
An act (S. No. 422) granting a pension to
Maria Schweitzer and the minor children of
Conrad Schweitzer, deceased ;
An act (S. No. 382) granting an increase of
pension to Obadiah T. Plum ;
An act (S. No. 314) for the relief of George
T. Brien ;
An act (S. No. 383) granting a pension to
John A. Weed and Elizabeth J. Weed, minor
children of Robert T. Weed, deceased;
An act (S. No. 175) for the relief of Joseph
McGhee Cameron and Mary Jane Cameron,
children of La Fayette Cameron, deceased ;
An act (S. No. 517) granting a pension to
the widow and children of Henry Brown;
An act (S. No. 518) granting a pension to
the widow and child of John P. Felty;
An act (S. No. 564) concerning the tax
commissioners for the State of Arkansas;
An act (S. No. 547) granting a pension to
John Sheets;
An act (S. No. 521) granting a pension to
the children of William M. Wooten, deceased ;
An act (S. No. 454) for the relief of Samuel
N. Miller; and
An act (S. No. 355) authorizing the con-
struction of a bridge across the Missouri river
upon the military reservation at Fort Leaven-
worth, Kansas.
electopval votes op late rebel states.
Mr. Mooke also delivered the following
message:
I am directed by the President of the United
States to return to the Senate, in which House
it originated, the jointresolution(S.R.No.l39)
"excluding from the Electoral College votes of
States lately in rebellion which shall not have
been reorganized," with his objections thereto
in writing.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to lay aside the
bill regularly before the Senate and take up
the joint resolution returned by the President
with his veto.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented the
veto message; which was read, as follows:
To the. Senate of the United States:
I have given to the joint resolution, entitled
" A resolution excluding from the Electoral
College votes of States lately in rebellion,
which shall not have been reorganized," as
careful examination as I have been able to
bestow upon the subject during the few days
that have intervened since the measure was
submitted for my approval.
Feeling constrained to withhold my assent,
42B5
I herewith return the resolution to the Senate,
in which House it originated, with a brief
statement of the reasons which have induced
my action.
This joint resolution is based upon the as-
sumption that some of the States whose inhab-
itants were lately in rebellion are not now
entitled to representation in Congress and to
participate in the clcetion of President and
Vice President of the United States.
Having heretofore had occasion to give, in
detail, my reasons for dissenting from this
view, it is not necessary at this time to repeat
them. It is sufficient to state that I continue
strong in my conviction that the acts of seces-
sion, by which a number of the States sought
to dissolve their connection with the other
States and to subvert the Union, being unau-
thorized by the Constitution, and in direct
violation thereof, were, from the beginning,
absolutely null and void. It follows neces-
sarily that when the rebellion terminated the
several States which had attempted to secede
continued to be States in the Union, and all
that was required to enable them to resume
their relations to the Union was that they
should adopt the measures necessary to their
practical restoration as States. Such measures
were adopted, and the legitimate result was
that those States, having conformed to all the
requirements of the Constitution, resumed their
former relations, and became entitled to the
exercise of all the rights guaranteed to them
by its provisions.
The joint resolution under consideration,
however, seems to assume that by the insur-
rectionary acts of their respective inhabitants,
those States forfeited their rights as such, and
can never again exercise them except upon
readmission mto the Union on the terms pre-
scribed by Congress. If this position be cor-
rect, it follows that they were taken out of the
Union by virtue of their acts of secession, and
hence that the war waged upon them was illegal
and unconstitutional. We would thus be placed
in this inconsistent attitude, that while the war
was commenced and carried on upon the dis-
tinct ground that the southern States, being
component parts of the Union, were in rebel-
lion against the lawful authority of the United
States, upon its termination we resort to a policy
of reconstruction which assumes that it was not
in fact a rebellion, but that the war was waged
for the conquest of territories assumed to be
outside of the constitutional Union.
The mode and maimer of receiving and
counting the electoral votes for President and
Vice President of the United States are in plain
and simple terms prescribed by the Constitu-
tion. That instrument imperatively requires
that the President of the Senate " shall, in the
presence of the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives, open all the certificates, and the
votes shall then be counted." Congress has,
therefore, no power under the Constitution to
reccive the electoral votes or reject them. The
whole power is exhausted when, in the presence
of the two Houses, the votes are counted and
the result declared. In this respect the power
and duty of the President of the Senate are,
under the Constitution, purely ministerial. \
When, therefore, the joint resolution declares j
that no electoral votes shall be received or j
counted from States that since the 4th of March, ;
18G7, have not "adopted a constitution of State
government under which a State government
shall have been organized," a power is assumed
which is nowhere delegated to Congress, unless
upon the assumption that the State govern-
ments organized prior to the 4th of March,
1807, were illegal and void. •
The joint resolution, by implication at least,
concedes that these States were States by vir-
tue of their organization prior to the 4th of
March, 1867. but denies to them the right to
vote in the election of President and Vice
President of the United States. It follows
either that this assumption of power is wholly
unauthorized by the Constitution, or that the
States so excluded from voting were out of the '
Union by reason of the rebellion, and have i
never been legitimately restored. Being fully
satisfied that they were never out of the Union,
and that their relations thereto have been
legally and constitutionally restored, I am
forced to the conclusion that the joint resolu-
tion which deprives them of the right to have
their vote for President and Vice President
received and counted, is in conflict with the
Constitution, and that, Congress has no more
power to reject their votes than those of the
States which have been uniformly loyal to the
Federal Union.
It is worthy of remark that if the States
whose inhabitants were recently in rebellion
were legally and constitutionally organized and
restored to their rights prior to the 4th of
March, 1867, as I am satisfied they were, the
only legitimate authority under which the elec-
tion for President and Vice President can be
held therein must be derived from the govern-
ments instituted before that period.
It clearly follows that all the State govern-
ments organized in those States under acts of
Congress for that purpose and under military
control are illegitimate and of no validity
whatever; and, in that view, the votes cast in
those States for President and Vice President,
in pursuance of acts passed since the 4th of
March, 1807, and in obedience to the so-called
reconstruction acts of Congress, cannot be
legally received and counted; while the only
votes in those States that can be legally cast
and counted will be those cast in pursuance of
the laws in force in the several States prior to
the legislation by Congress upon the subject of
reconstruction.
I cannot refrain from directing your special
attention to the declaration contained in the
joint resolution that "none of the States whose
inhabitants were lately in rebellion shall be
entitled to representation in the Electoral Col-
lege," &c.
If it is meant by this declaration that no
State is to be allowed to vote for President and
Vice President, all of whose inhabitants were
engaged in the late rebellion, it is apparent
that no one of the States will be excluded from
voting, since it is well known that in every
southern State there were many inhabitants
who not only did not participate in the rebel-
lion, but who actually took part in its suppres-
sion, or refrained from giving it any aid or
countenance. I therefore conclude that the
true meaning of the joint resolution is that no
State a portion of whose inhabitants were
engaged in the rebellion, shall be permitted
to participate in the presidential election, ex-
cept upon the terms and conditions therein
prescribed.
Assuming this to be the true construction of
the resolution, the inquiry becomes pertinent,
may those northern States a portion of whose
inhabitants were actually in the rebellion, ba
prevented at the discretion of Congress from
having their electoral votes counted? It is well
known that a portion of the inhabitants of New
York and a portion of the inhabitants of Vir-
ginia were alike engaged in the rebellion, yet
it is equally well known that Virginia, as we'll
as New York, was at all times during the war
recognized by the Federal Government as a
State in the Union—so clearly that upon the
termination of hostilities itwasnoteven deemed
necessary for her restoration that a provisional
Governor should be appointed. Y et, aecord-
ing*to this joint resolutiou, the people of Vir-
ginia, unless they comply with the terms it
prescribes, are denied the right of voting for
President, while the people of New York, a
portion of the inhabitants of which State were
I also in rebellion, are permitted to have their
i electoral votes counted without undergoing
i the process of reconstruction prescribed for
] Virginia. New Y ork is no more a State than
i Virginia; the one is as much entitled to be
represented in the-Electoral College as the other.
If Congress has the power to deprive Virginia
of this right it can exercise the same authority
with respect to New York or any other of the
States. Thus the result of the presidential
election mav be controlled and determined by
