1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1163
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom were referred the bill (S.
No. 334j additional to an act to establish a
uniform system of bankruptcy throughout the
United States; the bill (8. No. 278) to pro-
vide for the appointment of a marshal for the
District of Columbia; and a bill (S. No. 218)
for the creation of a southern judicial district
in the State of California, have instructed me
to report them back to the Senate with a
recommendation that they be indefinitely post-
poned.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope that the report of
the committee will not be concurred in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not propose to ask
its consideration now.
Mr. CONNESS. At this time, atleast.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It cannot
be considered now except by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. CONNESS. I know that, sir; but I
hope the Chair will permit me to say one word.
It will not occupy time. I had hoped, before
the committee acted upon the bill in regard to
the judicial district in California, to have an
opportunity to see some of the Senators who
compose the committee, that I might be able
to make such representations of the facts to
them as I thought would influence their minds.
That opportunity I have not availed myself of,
because J did not know that it was immediately
under consideration by them; and I shoi*ld
like, if the committee will consent, to have it
recommitted, that I may have that opportunity,
and then let them report as in their judgment
shall seem best to them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection if
the Senator from California desires to present
any facts on the subject.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to say,, in this
connection, that I have no disposition to create
an office at all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
referred to will be recommitted, no objection
being made.
LIEUTENANT COMMANDER TREYOTT ABBOTT.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial of
Lieutenant Commander Trevott Abbott, pray-
ing to be transferred from the retired to the
active list of the Navy, have instructed me to
report a bill; and, as it is unobjectionable and
will take but a moment, I ask for its present
consideration.
By unanimous consent the bill (S. No. 858)
providing for the restoration of Lieutenant
Commander Trevott Abbott to the active list
of the Navy was read twice, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
direct the Secretary of the Navy to order Lieu-
tenant Commander Trevott Abbott before the
retiring board of the Navy for examination,
and to authorize the Secretary, if he shall be
pronounced by the board morally, profession-
ally, and personally competent for active ser-
vice, to restore him to the active list of the
Navy.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. I find that an amend-
ment is necessary, to add the words "withthe
same grade as if he had not been retired."
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the Senatorfrom
Rhode Island if that amendment was agreed
to in the committee ?
Mr. ANTHONY. It was.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading ; and it was read the third time,
and passed.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN asked,_ and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to introduce
a bill (S. No. 360) to prevent and punish the
unlawful use of public money and property;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
NEW MILITARY DEPARTMENT.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following res-
olution for consideration:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to report, for the information of the
Senate, whether any new military department, divis-
ion, 'or district has been authorized under orders
issued by the President of the United States, and if
so, under what authority of law.*.
VACANCIES IN THE DEPARTMENTS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (S. No.
352) to authorize the supplying of temporary
vacancies in the Executive Departments.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The first section provides that in case of the
death, resignation, absence from the seat of
Government, or sickness of the head of any
executive Department of the Government, or
of any officer of either of those Departments
whose appointment is not in the head thereof,
whereby they cannot perform the duties of their
respective offices, it shall be lawful for the
President of the United States, in case he shall
think it necessary, to authorize the head of any
other executive Department or other officer in
either ofthose Departments whose appointment
is vested in the President, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, at his discre-
tion, to perform the duties of the respective
offices until a successor be appointed or until
such absence or inability by sickness shall
cease; but no one vacancy is to be supplied in
this manner for a longer term than thirty days.
The second section repeals all acts hereto-
fore passed on the subject of temporarily sup-
plying vacancies in the Executive Departments,
or which empower the President to authorize
any person or persons to perform the duties
of the head of any executive Department, or
of any officer in either of the Departments, in
case of a vacancy therein or inability of such
head of a Department or officer to discharge
the duties of his office, and all laws inconsist-
ent with the provisions of the present act.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask the chair-
man of the committee if thirty days is not un-
necessarily long; if ten days would not be
sufficient to get all the action necessary to
supply a vacancy ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. When this matter was
under consideration in the Judiciary Commit-
tee it escaped, I think, the attention of the
committee, as we agreed upon the bill that
there was no limitation as to the length of time
the President should be authorized to detail a
person to perform the duties of an officer who
was absent or ill, and in consequence of such
absence or illness unable to perform the duties
of his office ; and I do not know that there
should be any limit in that respect. The in-
tention of the bill was to limit the time within
which the President might supply a vacancy
temporarily in the case of the death or resig-
nation of the head of any of the Departments
or of any officer appointed by him by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate in any of
the Departments. As the law now stands, he
is authorized to supply those vacancies for six
mouths without submitting the name of a per-
son for that purpose to the Senate; and it was
thought by the committee to be an unreason-
able length of time, and hence they have limited
it by this bill to thirty days.
The bill also has another object. By the
second section it is intended to repeal all pre-
vious laws on this subjcct. 1 do not myself
think there was any conflict in the previous
laws; in my opinion the act of 1803 did repeal
the act of 1795 on the same subject; but lest
there should be any misapprehension about it
the second section is intended to be very full
and to repeal nil other laws on this subject, so
that the whole law in regard to supplying
vacancies temporarily will be in this one act.
The Senator from Maine asks if thirty daj^s
is not an unnecessarily long time. I think it
might be made shorter. I do not know that
the President should be allowed thirty days to
select a successor in case of a vacancy in any
of the Departments. I should think that a less
number of days would be sufficient. However,
the committee agreed upon thirty days, and it
is not, perhaps, Sin unreasonable length of time.
If a vacancy occurs during the recess of the
Senate the President can appoint a person
without consulting the Senate, who holds his
office, under the Constitution, until the end of
the next session of the Senate; or, as this bill
now stands, he may detail an officer from some
of the other Departments to perform the duties
of the vacant office for thirty days, and take
that period of thirty days in which to select a
permanent officer. If Congress is in session
he would have the same right to take thirty
days in which to select the head of a Depart-
ment and obtain the consent of the Senate to
his appointment. I am not strenuous about
the thirty days. Perhaps it might properly be
less. If the Senator from Maine thinks it ought
to be less I do not know that I shall object.
Mr. B'ESSENDEN. My impression is that
all these vacancies ought to be filled just as
quick as the President can have reasonable
time to turn round and fill them. I think that
ten days would be enough, and I move to
amend by striking out "thirty" and inserting
" ten."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the vote i? taken
on that amendment, by the consent of the Sen-
ator from Maine, I think in the sixteenth line
of the first section there is a verbal alteration
which should be made. The word "one"
should be stricken out and the word "such"
inserted to make it more definite. It will then
read:
Provided, That no such vacancy shall be supplied
in manner aforesaid, &c., for a longer term.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That mod-
ification will be made if there be no objection.
The question now recurs on the amendment of
the Senator from Maine, to strike out "thirty"
and insert "ten" in the seventeenth line of the
first section, so as to reduce the number of
days from thirty to ten.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest whether the
word "such," if-inserted, would not occasion
a little doubt whether it was not intended to
make the absence from the seat of Government
or sickness a vacancy. Suppose we should say
"that no vacancy shall be supplied in manner
aforesaid," leaving out both the word "one"
and the word "such;" or say " no vacancy
occasioned by death or resignation," &c.
Mr. HOWE. Then the limitation of time
would apply only to cases of death or resigna-
tion, and not of absence.
Mr.FESSENDEN. My suggestion is whether
the use of the word "such" would not leave it
to be a matter of dispute or doubt whether the
act of absence from the seat of Government or
sickness would be a vacancy. Therefore I
think it would be better to say "no vacancy
occasioned by death or resignation." That
would be definite.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That would make it
entirely certain: "provided that no vacancy
occasioned by death or resignation," &c. That
is what I mean, and what the committee, I
think, understand by the bill; and of course
I have no objection to the insertion of those
words. I ought, however, to say to the Senate
that there will be no limitation upon the length
of time during which the President may be
authorized to supply a person to dischargethe
duties of the office in case of absence or ina-
bility.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There ought not to be.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senate thinks
there ought to be a limit on that it would re-
quire a still further change of phraseology.
At the instance of the Senator from Maine,
who desires that that should be more specific,
I see no objection to his amendment 10 the
proviso. I am willing to omit both the word
"one" and the word "such," and let it read,
" provided that no vacancy occasioned by death
or resignation," &c.
