3212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
■which the committee have this year reported to
the House it has been very materially changed.
I say that it would be hurtful to the country
and not Mpful to it.
If the House is prepared to instruct the
Committee on Commerce to bring in such a
bill as that we shall bow gracefully to their
judgment. Personally it is a matter that
does not concern me. I am rather working
for the West than for the East, for all parts
of the country, and I believe that the interests
of the commerce of the country and of the
revenues of the country demand that the bill
as wc have reported it should pass.
Mr. DELANO. I move to close all debate
on the pending motion.
Mr. PILE. Will the gentleman yield to me
to offer an amendment to the instructions?
Mr. DELANO. No, sir; we may as well
take the vote on my motion.
Mr. ROBINSON. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the House
(at four o'clock ana fifty minutes p. m.) ad-
journed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the pile, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BOYER: The petition of J. Wood
& Brother, iron manufacturers, and of 46 iron-
workers of Conshohoekon, Pennsylvania, com-
plaining of the depression of manufacturing
industry, which affects disastrously every form
of production and business, and praying for
such increase of protective duties as will revive
manufactures and restore prosperity to the
country.
By Mr. COVODE: The petition of sundry
citizens of Westmoreland and Alleghany coun-
ties, Pennsylvania, l'or reduction of whisky
By Mr. CHANLER: The petition of John
T. Conover, president of the Traders' and
Mechanics' Association, Abraham J. Felter,
and others, citizens of New York city, for an
appropriation for the removal of rocks and
other obstructions which impede the naviga-
tion of the East river entrance to New York
harbor at Hell Gate, and for the removal of
rocks in the harbor, known as Battery, Dia-
mond, and Coenties reefs.
Also, the petition of Horatio Allen and oth-
ers, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of William Searls, presi-
dent New York Stock Exchange, and other
members thereof, for same purpose.
Also, the petition of A. \V. Greenleaf and
others, citizens of New York, for the same
purpose.
By Mr. DODGE: The petition of citizens
of Wayne county, Iowa, asking grant of lands
to aid in constructing the Iowa and Missouri
State Line railroad.
By Mr. McCARTHY: The petition from
the cigar-makers of the State of New York,
under the seal and signature of the president
of the Cigar-makers' National Union, against
alterations of the revenue laws as proposed in
the bill now before Congress on the manufac-
ture of cigars.
By Mr. MERCUR: The memorial of Grove
Brothers and 84 others, manufacturers of
iron, and workingmen at Danville, Pennsyl-
vania, complaining of want of efficient protec-
tion against the cheaper labor and capital of
foreign countries, and praying for reconsidera-
tion of the tariff bill which failed in the Thirty-
Ninth Congress, and that it may be enacted
into a law at the earliest practicable moment.
By Mr. NICHOLSON: A memorial of W.
Jones & Co. and others, morocco manufac-
turers of Wilmington, Delaware, complaining
of the inadequacy of customs duties to pro-
tect the productive interests of the country
against the cheaper labor and capital of for-
eign countries, and praying for the reconsid-
eration and passage of the general tariff bill
which failed in the Thirty-Ninth Congress.
By Mr. O'NEILL: The petition of Edward
W. Miller, Edward Gaskill & Co., and 98
others, bookbinders in Philadelphia, Pennsyl-
vania, representing that the customs duties
which were sufficient to invite the investment
of capital and labor in manufactures have
become inadequate, and, in prospect of a con-
tinued decline in gold, must shortly prove ruin-
ous; that much of the distress now prevalent
and increasing daily, would be relieved by the
legislation suggested in the report of Special
Commissioner W'ells, and perfected in the
tariff bill (as passed by the Senate) which
failed in the House of Representatives March,
1807, for want of time, and praying that Con-
gress will resume consideration of that meas-
ure and enact it into a law at the earliest
practicable moment.
Also, the petition of Charles Guenther and
42 others, lithographers, of Philadelphia, Penn-
sylvania, representing that the depression of
the manufacturing industry of the country
affects disastrously every form of production
and business, and must rcduce the revenues
and endanger the credit of the Government;
and praying for such increase of protective
duties as will revive manufactures and restore
prosperity to the country.
Also, a memorial of Wolfe & Co., Hamp-
shire Paper Company, W. A. Wanhopp, Thomas
C. Percival,William Sheald-s, GeorgeC. Ewing,
Charles Spencer, and 97 other manufacturing
companies and firms of Philadelphia, Penn-
sylvania, complaining of the depression of
industry caused by want of efficient protection
to the labor of the country ; and praying that
Congress will resume consideration of the gen.
eral tariff bill which failed in the Thirty-Ninth
Congress for want of time, and enact it into a
law at the earliest practicable moment.
By Mr. PRICE: The petition of 2Gti citizens
of the State of Iowa, asking for a grant of
land to aid in the construction of the Iowa and
Missouri State Line railroad.
By Mr. SPALDING ; The petition of II. B.
Tuttlc and others, citizens of Cleveland, Ohio,
for an appropriation by Congress for the
improvement of the river and canal at the
Sault Ste. Marie.
Also, a memorial of sundry citizens of Cleve-
land, Ohio, in regard to the tax on cigars.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, June 17, 18C8.
Prayer by Rev. A. D. Gillette, D. D.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter from the Secretary of War,
communicating a draft of a proposed law rela-
tive to the judge advocates of the Army ; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of
the Secretary of War, transmitting a commu-
nication from General Sheridan, commanding
the department of Missouri, urging that the
Central Pacific Railroad Company be required
to extend their road from Atchison to Fort
Leavenworth; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad.
RECONSTRUCTION LAWS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate resolutions of the constitutional
convention of Texas, in favor of the transfer
from the military commander of the fifth mili-
tary district to that convention the power and
authority to appoint and remove registrars for
ascertaining and recording the qualified voters
of that State.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask for the reading of the
resolutions.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lutions will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
"Resolved, First, That in tbo opinion of this con-
vention it is nece&sary in this State, to a lair adminis-
tration of the laws of Congress upon the raMect ot
the reconstruction of the btates lately m rebellion,
to so change the provisions or said laws as to
fer from the commander of the fifth uitmai} district
to this convention tbo power and authority to ai>-
point and to remove registrars for appertaining ana
recording the qualified voters of the bmte oi ie;>a=.
"Resolved, Second, That this convention resP<!et:
fully hut earnestly urge upon the Consress oi the
United States the change indicated m the precedm„
resolution, at the earliest practicable moment.
"Resolved, Third, That the president of this con-
vention transmit to the President of the Senate and
Speaker of the House of .Representativesi of the Con-
gress of the United States copies of these re^otu-
tions."
The resolutions were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CAMERON. I present the petition ot
King & Baird, William A. Hand, Thomas
Sinclair, and four hundred others, printers
and book-binders of Philadelphia, Pennsyl-
vania, representing that the productive inter-
ests of the country are suffering and its industry
paralyzed for the want of efficient protection
against the cheaper labor and capital of foreign
countries. They say that the customs duties,
which, under a different condition of affairs,
were sufficient to invite the investment of cap-
ital and labor in various branches of manufac-
ture, and which subsequently, under a high
gold premium, continued to foster them, have
become at present inadequate, and, in pros-
pect of a continued decline in gold, must
shortly prove utterly insufficient. The manu-
facturing population cannot continue to pay
prices lor provisions, even approaching those
now realized by agriculturists, while exposed
to competition with the Old World under a
tariff framed to meet exigencies of a totally
different character. Nor will the removal of
internal taxation, though vitally important,
afford in itself the relief necessary. They
declare, further, that much of the distress now
prevalent, and daily increasing, would be re-
lieved by the legislation suggested in Special
Commissioner Wells's report of last year, and
perfected in the tariff bill (as passed by the
Senate) which failed in the House of Repre-
sentatives in March, 18(37, for the want of
time. They therefore pray Congress to re-
sume the consideration of that measure, and,
with such modifications as its wisdom may
suggest, to enact it into a law at the earliest
practicable moment. I move that this petition
be referred to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON presented a memorial of
workingmen and firms of the State of Penn-
sylvania, and a. memorial of Horace S. Soule
and others, manufacturing companies, firms,
and business men of Philadelphia, Pennsylva-
nia, complaining of the insufficiency of rhe
customs duties to protect domestic industry
against the cheaper labor and capital of foreign
countries, and praying for the reconsideration
and passage of the general tariff bill which
failed for want of time in the Thirty-Ninth
Congress; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of F. B. Brown,
Abram Suydam, and others, zinc and steel
makers of Pennsylvania, complaining of the
depression of industry, and praying for such
increase of protective duties as will revive man-
ufactures and restore prosperity to the couutiy;
which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
He also presented a petition of workers in
iron and coal and manufacturers of Pennsyl-
vania, praying for such additional protective
duties as will relieve their distress, secure a
home market for the products of their industry,
and aid them in the unequal contest with the
underpaid labor of Europe ; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a petition of mer-
chants and shipowners of Boston, in which
they represent that the action of the Executive
and of Congress in 1823, in recognizing the
independence of the South American repub-
lics, after they had established it as a fact,
although never conceded by Spain, affords a
