1164
THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The clause
•will be so modified, it' there be no objection,
and the Chair hears none.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On the other branch
of the subject, I said just now in my seat that
I did not think there ought to be any limitation
on absence occasioned by sickness or by per-
mission, because it is impossible to tell what
may occur. In my own experience when I was
in the Ireasury Department there was a gen-
tleman who had been sick for six months or a
year still in office. I allude to Mr. Solger, then
Assistant Register of the Treasury, a very esti-
mable and very learned man, a foreigner by
birth, one of our friends. While holding the
office he was thrown from his horse, and very
badly injured. He was suffered to remain in
the Treasury until he died in the office, receiv-
ing his pay for something over a year or two
years, although he was perfectly helpless. He
had a large family depending upon him. Col-
onel Graham, who is one of the kindest men in
the world, who was at that time the chief clerk,
discharged the duties of his office for nothing,
doing double work all that time.
There was another strong instance where I
gave leave of absence to a gentleman whom we
all knew and all respected—Professor Bache.
He had absolutely ruined his health by close
attention to his duties. He was absent at the
time, and on my own suggestion I wrote him a
letter giving him a leave of absence for six
months, and told liim that I hoped he would go
abroad and see if he could not recover his
health. Unfortunately, however, he died.
There maybe eases of this description. We
all know that sometimes the head of a Depart-
ment gets worn out absolutely by the labors of
his office, and wants to be away for a time,
perhaps for a month, perhaps a little longer.
We cannot tell exactly what may he needed.
It may be absolutely necessary and for the good
of the service to allow men to be absent. I do
not think it is liable to any abuse, because the
heads of Departments and bureausare naturally
careful about these things; but when these
cases do occur, the officers who have broken
down in fact in the service of the Government
ought to be relieved, and I think the matter
should be left to the discretion of the Depart-
ments.
Mr. HOWE. The reasons assigned by the
Senator from Maine are entirely satisfactory to
me upon the proposition he submits; but I wish
to ask the chairman of the committee who re-
ported this bill if there ought not to be a pro-
vision in it denying the right of any substituted
officer to the pay of the office into which lie is
placed ad interim ?
Mr. TRUMBULL and Mr. CONKLING.
There is such a provision of law already.
Mr. HOWE. I know, but this second sec-
tion, I think, repeals it. There was a usage at
one time in the history of the Government, I
happen to know, to put a clerk, for instance, in
the place of the head of a Department and give
him both his pay as clerk and the pay of the
Secretary during that time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Never both. The prac-
tice has been, I think, in some cases—I am not
aware that there is any law against it, and I do
not think it is at all out of the way—to allow
the officer discharging the duties of a higher
office to receive the pay of the higher office lor
the time he performs the duties, not receiv-
ing at the same time his own proper pay, but
merely an addition of the difference between
the pay of the two offices. I am very confident
that has been the practice. Now, there is a
bill pending—"I do not know that it has been
reported yet—of which I am strongly in favor,
and of which we all admit the justice, to give
to the family of Mr. Diekms, our late Secre-
tary, the pay of Secretary ol State during the
time lie absolutely discharged the duties ol that
position when he was chief plerk of the State
Department, that is, the difference between
the pay he actually received and the pay 01
Secretary of State for the time he served in the
latter capacity. I think the principle is a cor-
rect one. Men ought not to discharge that
sort of duties without compensation. It is
generally for a very short period, and the Gov-
ernment can afford to pay them. If men fill
places of responsibility they should be paid
accordingly.
Mr. HO WE. The Senator is mistaken about
the usage; and he is mistaken about the claim
in the particular case, as I happen to know,
bccause it is pending before a committee of
which I am chairman. The claim is for the
pay of a clerkship that he held during the time
lie acted as Seeietary of State.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 beg the Senator's
pardon, but the bill referred to the committee,
which passed the Senate once, expressly pro-
vides that he is only to receive the difference ;
and I know the members of his family who
have spoken to me since about it have said that
all they asked for was the difference in the
pay-
Mr. HOWE. I do not know what the bill
is; I know what the committee are urged to
do, and what the debate is now with the com-
mittee. It is upon the question whether, under
the usage 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state to the Sen-
ator that I am acquainted with the usage in
the Treasury Department. The Secretary who
preceded me, Mr. Chase, was frequently obliged
to be absent while he was Secretary, and I was
obliged to be absent several times, to go to New
Yoik 011 business, and would be gone ten days or
longer. During that time the President, under
the law, appointed Mr. Harrington, the Assist-
ant Secretary, as acting Secietary, and ho re-
ceived the pay of the Secretary for the days
that ho officiated as such; that is to say, the
difference between his pay as Assistant Secre-
tary and the pay of Secretary.
Mr. HOWE. I will not speak very posi-
tively about the law. Of course what the Sen-
ator says is indisputable as to the usage in
those cases. But I was under the impression
that there was at that time a positive law pro-
hibiting all extra compensation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was not aware of it.
Mr. HOWE. 1 think tiie fact is so, and I
think this second section repeals that law ; but
I am not certain about it. The precedents,
however, which were enforced upon us were
where both the pay of a clcrk and the pay of
the head of a Department was given to the
same individual at the same time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Was it not by special
law ?
Mr. HOWE. No, sir, by 110 law; at least,
as I think, by 110 law; but of course they
claimed that there was a law for it. There
were two instances in which that was done.
Now, I do not think myself that there should
be this extra pay. You take an officer who is
employed iu one capacity: his whole time is
given to the Government; you simply put him
111 another position. It requires only his whole
time ; he cannot give any mote than that. Mr.
Cass, when he was Secretary of State, was
examined upon this very question. He decided
that no such substituted officer ought to have
any increase of pay.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In that case of Mr.
Cass perhaps it was improper, as his Assistant
Secretary was in fact Secretary about all the
time, and did all the w^k, whether Mr. Cass
was there or not.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. Cobb, when he was Sec-
retary of the Treasury, was examined upon
the same point, arid he gave the same opinion.
Since you only have the service of an officer
whose whole time is employed and paid for
there is simply a change of duty, and I think
he ought to be content with the pay which be-
longs to the office he really holds. Under the
law as it stands to-day no extra pay, as I un-
derstand, can be given; but 1 think if this bill
passes with this second section in it that law
will be repealed, and then it will raise the ques-
tion which has heretofore been up, where some
Secretaries have given the full pay in addition
to the pay of the clerk.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment will be reported as it now stands.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was in section one, line sixteen, to strike out
the word "one" before the word "vacancy,"
and after the word "vacancy " to insert "oc-
casioned by death or resignation," and m line
seventeen to strike out "thirty" and to insert
"ten;" so that the proviso will read:"
Provided, That no vacancy occasioned by death or
resignation shall besupplied in manner aforesaid for
a i on 'si:': term than ten days.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is that all one amend-
ment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It was pro-
posed and modified in various forms; but that
is the way it ail reads together. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I understand that this
bill repeals all laws that now authorize any
officer to discharge the duties of an office that
may become vacant by death, resignation, or
otherwise; and then it provides that it shall
be lawful for the President, if lie shall deem it
necessary, to fill those offices by a temporary
appointment.- I wish to inquire of the chair-
man of the committee if it ought not to be
made the duty of the President forthwith to
designate some person to fill these offices.
Otherwise the duties of the office can in no
way bo performed if this bill passes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He will do that, as a
matter of course, because he will nominate -
somebody to fill them.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I submit the suggestion ;
but if the bill is sufficient in that respect that
is all I require.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is exactly theway
the law now stands. I do not see any diffi-
culty in that regard. This bill only applies to
the Cabinet officers and the heads of bureaus—
those officers appointed by the President, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate.
In case of vacancy or inability to discharge the
duties of the office by any of these parties the
President is authorized to detail some other offi-
cer to perforin the duties for ten days in case of
a vacancy, and during those ten days, of course,
it will be his duty to nominate to the Senate,
if the Senate is in session, some person for
the office, and if the Senate is not in session
it will be his duty to appoint under the tempo-
rary power conferred by the Constitution. I
see 110 difficulty in that respect.
In regard to the suggestion made by the
Senator from Wisconsin, it certainly is not
the intention of the Judiciary Committee in
reporting this bill to repeal the law that pro-
hibits the taking of double pay.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a general law
applying to all officers, that no person shall
receive the salaries of two offices at the same
time.
_ Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think the pro-
visions of the bill would repeal that law. This
bill repeals all acts on the subject of tempo-
rarily supplying vacancies iu the Executive
Departments. That is all it repeals. It does
not repeal other provisions of law on other
subjects fixing the pay. Certainly, if it is
liable to such a construction, it was not in-
tended.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It cannot be applica-
ble to it. J hat is a general law applicable to
all offices.
_ Mr. IRUMBU LL. I think it is not obnox-
ious to that objection, as the Senator from Wis-
consin will see if he looks at the language of
the bill. It only repeals the laws on the sub-
jected temporarily supplying vacancies. What
the Senator refers to is a law on the subject of
the pay of officers. I have not the statute be-
fore me and cannot refer to it at this moment,
but I am confident there is a general provision
of law, not in any oneof those acts, which refer
to temporarily supplying vacancies, but in an-
other general law, which declares that 110 per-
" sun shall receive double pay who discharges
