THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■whether what was done in delivering this letter
of authority to General Thomas was a violation
of that act; and that renders it necessary that
I should ask your careful attention to the gen-
eral subjects-matter of this act and the partic-
ular provisions which are inserted in it in
reference to each of those subjects.
Senators will recollect undoubtedly that this
law, as it was finally passed, differs from the
bill as it was originally introduced. The law
relates to two distinct subjects. One is re-
moval from office, the other subject is appoint-
ments of a certain character made under cer-
tain circumstances to fill offices. It seems that
a practice had grown up under the Government
that where a person was nominated to the Sen-
ate to fill an office, and the Senate either did
not act on his nomination during their session
or rejected the nomination, after the adjourn-
ment of the Senate and in the recess it was
considered competent for the President by a
temporary commission to appointthat same per-
son to that same office ; and that was deemed
by many Senators, unquestionably by a majority,
and I should judge from reading the debates
by a large majority of the Senate, to be an
abase of power—not an intentional abuse. But
it was a practice which had prevailed under
the Government, to a very considerable extent.
It was not limited to very recent times. It
had been supported by the opinions of differ-
ent Attorneys General given to different Presi-
dents. But still it was considered by many
Senators to be a departure from the spirit of
the Constitution, and a substantial derogation
from the just power of the Senate in respect to
nominations for office. That being so, it will
be found on an examination of this law that the
first and second sections of the act relate ex-
clusively to removals from office and temporary
suspensions in the recess of the Senate; while
the third section and several of the following
sections, to which I shall ask your particular
attention, relate exclusively to this other sub-
ject of appointments made to office after the
Senate had refused to concur in the nomina-
tion of the person appointed. Allow me now
to read from the third section:
"That the President shall have power to fill all
vacancies which may happen during tho recess of
the Senate, by reason of doath or resignation"—
I pause here to remark that this does not
include all cases. It does not include any ease
of the expiration of a commission. It includes
simply death and resignation, not cases of the
expiration of a commission during the recess
of the Senate. Why these were thus omitted
I do not know; but it is manifest that the law
does not affect to, and in point of fact does
not, cover all cases which might arise belong-
ing to this general class to which this section
was designed to refer.
The law goes on to say—
" That the President shall have power to fill all
vacancies which may happen during the recess of
the Senate, by reason of death or resignation, by
granting commissions which shall expire at tho end
of their next session thereafter. And if no appoint-
ment, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, shall be made to such office so vacant or tem-
porarily filled as aforesaid during such next session
of the Senate, such office shall remain in abeyance,
without any salary, fees, or emoluments attached
thereto, until thesamoshall be filled by appointment
thereto, by and with tho advico and consent of the
Senate; and during such time all the powers and
duties belonging to such ofiice shall bo exercised by
such other officer as may by law exercise such powers
and duties in case of a vacancy in such office."
Here all the described vacancies in office
occurring during the recess of the Senate and
the failure to fill those vacancies in accord-
ance with the advice of the Senate are treated
as occasioning an abeyance of such offices.
That applies, as I have said, to two classes of
cases, vacancies happening by reason of death
or resignation. It does not apply to any other
vacancies.
The next section of this law does not relate
to this subject of filling offices, but to the sub-
ject of removals:
" That nothing in this act contained shall be eon-
etrued to extend the term of any office the duration
of which is limited by law."
The fifth section is:
"That if any person shall, contrary to the provis-
ions of this act, accept any appointment to or em-
ployment in any office, or shall hold or ex.ercise, or
attempt to hold or exercise, any such office or em-
ployment, he shall be deemed, and is hereby declared
to be, guilty of a high misdemeanor, and, upon trial
and conviction thereof, he shall be punished there-
for by a fine not exceeding 310,000, or by imprison-
ment," &c.
Any person who shall, " contrary to the pro-
visions of this act," accept any appointment.
What are the "provisions of this act" in
respect to accepting any appointment? They
are found in the third section of the act put-
ting certain offices in abeyance under the cir-
cumstances which are described in that sec-
tion. If any person does accept an office which
is thus put into abeyance, or any employment
or authority in re'sjbect to such office, he comes
within the penal provisions of the fifth section;
but outside of that there is no such thing as
accepting an office contrary to the provisions
of the act, because the provisions of the act,
in respect to filling offices, extend no further
than to these cases; and so, in the next sec-
tion, it is declared:
*' That every removal, appointmont, or employ-
ment made, had, or exercised contrary to the pro-
visions of this act, and the making, signing, sealing,
countersigning, or issuing of any commission or let-
ter of authority for or in respect to any suoh appoint-
ment or employment, shall bo deemed, and are
hereby declared to be, high misdomeanors." &c.
Here, again, the making of a letter of
authority, contrary to the provisions of the act,
can refer only to those cases which the act
itself has described, which the act itself has
prohibited; and any other cases which are
outside of such prohibition, as this case mani-
festly is, do not come within its provisions.
The stress of this article, however, does not
seem to me to depend at all upon this question
of the construction of this law, but upon a
totally different matter, which I agree should
be fairly and carefully considered. The im-
portant allegation of the article is that this
letter of authority was given to General
Thomas enabling him to perform the duties of
Secretary of War ad interim without authority
of law; that I conccive to be the main inquiry
which arises under this article, provided the
case of Mr. Stanton and his removal are within
the tenure-of-office bill at all.
I wish first to bring to the attention of the
Senate the act of 1795, which is found in 1
Statutes at-Large, page 415. It is a short act,
and I will read the whole of it:
" That in caso of vacancy in the office of Secretary
of State, Secretary of the Treasury, or of the Secre-
tary of the Department of War, or of any officer of
either of the said Departments, whoso appointmont is
not in the head thereof, whereby they cannot perform
tho duties of their said respective ofliccs, it shall be
lawful for the President of the United States, in case
he shall think it necessary, to authorize any person or
persons, athis discretion, to perform the duties of tho
said respective offices until a successor bo appointed
or such vacancy bo filled: Provided, That no one
vaeanoy shall bo supplied, in manner aforesaid, for
a longer term than six months."
This act, it has been suggested, may have
been repealed by the act of February 20, 1803,
which is found in 12 Statutes-at-Large, pages
656. This also is a short act, and I will tres-
pass on the patience of the Senate by reading it:
"That in case of the death, resignation, absence
from tho seat of Government, or sickness of I he head
of any executive Department of the Government,
or of any officer of oither of the said Departments
whose appointment is not in the head thereof,
whereby they cannot perforin the duties of their re-
spective offices, it shall be lawful for the President
of the United States, in case he shall think it neces-
sary, to authorize the head of any other executive
Department, or other officer in cither of said Depart-
ments whose appointmentisvestcdinthePresidcnt,
at his discretion, to perform the duties of the said
respective offices until a sueecssor be appointed, or
until such absence or inability by sickness shall
eoase : Provided, That no one vacancy shall be sup-
plied in manner aforesaid for a longer term than six
months."
These acts, as the Senate will perceive, al-
though they may be said in some sense to
relate to the same general subject-matter, con-
tain very different provisions, and the later law
contains no express repeal of the other. If,
therefore, the later law operates as a repeal,
it is only as a repeal by implication. It says
in terms that " all acts and parts of acts incon-
sistent with this act are hereby repealed:"
That a general principle of* law would say if
the statute did not speak those words'. The
addition of those words adds nothing to its re-
pealing power. The samf) inquiry arises under
them that would arise if they did not exist,
namely, how far is this later law inconsistent
with the provisions of the earlier law ?-
There are certain rules which I shall not
fatigue the Senate by citing cases to prove,
because every lawyer will recognize them as
settled rules upon this subject.
In the first place there is a rule that repeals
by implication are not favored by the courts.
This is, as I understand it, because the courts
act on the assumption or the principle that
if the Legislature really intended to repeal the
law they would have said so; not that they
necessarily must say so, because there are re-
peals by implication ; but the presumption is
that if the Legislature entertained a clear and
fixed purpose to repeal a former law they
would be likely at least to have said so; and,
therefore, the rule is a settled one that repeals
by implication are not favored by the courts.
Another rule is that the repugnancy between
the two statutes must be clear. It is not enough
that under some circumstances one may pos-
sibly bo repugnant to the other. The repug-
nancy, as the language of the books is, be-
tween the two must be clear, and if the two
laws can stand together the latter does not
impliedly repeal the former. If Senators have
any desire to recur to the authorities on this
subject, they will find a sufficient number of
them collected in Sedgwick on Statute Law,
page 126.
Now, there is no repugnancy whatsoever
between these two laws that I can perceive.
The act of 1795 applies to all vacancies, how-
ever created. The act of 1863 applies only to
vacancies, temporary or otherwise, occasioned
by death and resignation ; removals from office,
expiration of commissions, are not included.
The act of 1795 applies only to vacancies; the
act of 1863 to temporary absences or sickness.
The subject-matter, therefore, of the law is
different; there is no inconsistency between
them; each may stand together and operate
upon the cases to which each applies; and
therefore I submit that, in the strictest view
which may ultimately be taken of this subject,
it is not practicable to maintain that the later
law here repealed altogether the act of 1795.
But, whether it did or not, I state again what I
have had so often occasion to repeat before,
is it not a fair question, is it a crime to be on
one side of that question and not on the other?
Is it a high misdemeanor to believe that a cer-
tain view taken of the repeal of this earlier law
by the later one is a sound view? I submit
that that would be altogether too stringent a
rule even for the honorable Managers them-
selves to contend for; and they do not, and the
House of liepresentatives does not, contend for
any such rule. Their article alleges as matter
of fact that there was a willful intention on the
part of the President to issue this letter to
General Thomas without authority of law; not
on mistaken judgment, not upon an opinion
which, after due consideration, lawyers might
differ about; but by reason of a willful inten-
tion to act without authority; and that, I sub-
mit, from the nature of the case, cannot be
made out.
The next allegation in this article to which
I desire to invite the attention of the Senate is,
that the giving of this letter to Generallhomas
during the session of the Senate was a viola-
tion of tho Constitution of the United Slates.
That will require your attentive consideration.
The Constitution, as you are well aware, has
provided for two modes of filling offices. The
one is by temporary commissions during the
recess of the Senate when the vacancy hap-
pens in the recess; the other is by appoint-
ment with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, followed by a commission from the Presi-
dent ; but it very early became apparent to
those who administered the Government that
