1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
42-37
human nature should be repudiated indignantly
by all Governments. Gentlemen say this bill
means war. If Great Britain or any other coun-
try feels disposed to make war in the assertion of
a right to claim the services of men who were
once her subjects, or to claim the power to
punish them differently from other American
citizens, let her take the responsibility of
making war. We have submitted too often to
the idea that we must not assert our rights for
fear ol war. We submitted to it during the
civil war; we have been humiliated by it. I
am opposed to so much negotiation. I have
said on this floor before that I have no faith in
statecraft. I have no faith in a vindication
of the rights of man over State tyranny by
diplomacy. I have no faith in the ability of
American diplomats to settle this question.
An American diplomat cannot meet foreigners
engaged in the same business with advantage ;
he is not as artful as a man who is trained
to the business. I believe it becomes the dig-
nity of this country to declare by law rules by
which it is ready to stand, to declare by law
that it will protect equally every American
citizen, whether naturalized or native born.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
should like to ask the Senator a question. 1
will suppose that we are at war with England,
and an American citizen who is liable to draft
passes into Canada. In the first place, I want
to know if the American Government has a
right to forbid its citizens from passing into
Canada in time of war with England, and if it
should be done, whether we should have a
right to hang that American citizen, who should
take part with Great Britain against his own
country as a traitor or not?
Mr. STEWART. That is not the question
at all. It is an extreme case. In time of war,
when we enforce martial law and keep our
citizens at home for the existence of the State,
that is not within the ordinary rules which pre-
vail in time of peace. Then the whole body
of the laws on your statute-book disappear
before the iron decrees of war, like snow be-
fore the sun. This is a declaration for ordinary
times of peace by legislation. This is for the
Governments of nationsdealingwith each other
upon the terms of peace. It is an act of legis-
lation proposed when there is a state of peace
between us and foreigu Governments.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
should like to ask one other question. Are not
the despotic Governments of Europe virtually
camps, standing military camps? That being
so, in order to protect their existence they
must have standing armies, and the citizens
of those countries must be liable to military
duty on reaching a certain age. Now, I want
to know if the rule, which he admits applies
in time of war, does not apply as a standing
rule to those military Governments of Europe,
and if his objection does not lie against the
forms of government which there exist, rather
than against the rules of naturalization.
Mr. STEWART. I have not admitted that.
The Senator simply put the question to me of
a person leaving the country desiring to avoid
the draft, presuming that it was not expatria-
tion in good faith. The question put to me
was whether a person leavipg the country to
avoid the draft, and joining the enemy, would
be treated as you would treat a foreign subject.
I say that is not expatriation in good faith.
If, however, a man leaves the country even in
time of war, and does not desert to the enemy,
it is a very different question. Suppose we
should be at war with Great Britain, and a
citizen of the United States should remove to
Mexico or to France with a view of taking up
his residence there, and should become natural-
ized under their laws, should we have anymore
right over his person because he emigrated at
a time when we were at war with Great Britain
when he left in good faith? If he should leave
to desert to the enemy it would raise a differ-
ent question. I undertake to say that if we
were at war with any country, citizens of the
United States might emigrate in good faith,
take up iLisir residence in and become citizens
of other countries with whom we were at peace.
Of course, if they deserted to the enemy they
would be treated as deserters.
But, Mr. President, the general proposition
presented to us is this: men have been natu-
ralized in our country under our laws, and the
question is whether we shall protect them as wo
would protect our native-born citizens. I say
that the United States has sufficient power to do
this, and it is time that their rights were declared
by law, so as to have a rule for diplomacy
which secret statecraft cannot break down.
I do not believe there should be any secrecy
about our negotiations with foreign countries.
I believe secrecy in those matters is for the
weak. It grew up among the weak and jeal-
ous nations of Europe when they were trying to
cheat each other. We have no reason to conceal
anything that this great Government desires
to do in protecting its citizens in maintaining
its flag. It is inconsistent with republican
institutions to have so much secrecy, and if
we are to carry on the present system of diplo-
macy ; if we are to have ministers at scores of
places where they are not needed, let some
rule be prescribed to them which will determ-
ine this question definitely and clearly, and
let American ministers know that they must
protect American citizens.
What does Great Britain do? We are told
on this floor this morning that if we arrest a
British subject without cause she will declare
war, and I believe it. Gentlemen have eulo-
gized Great Britain this morning to an extent
that I wish the United States could be eulo-
gized. They say that if we capture a British
subject by way of reprisal, in order to get
justice done to an American citizen, Great
Britain will declare war against us ; and gen-
tlemen bring that up as if that was the greatest
calamity that could happen to the nation. I
do not think it is. I think Great Britain is
respected in every part of the world by reason
of the manner in which she vindicates and
protects the rights of her citizens. Her Abys-
sinian war is her greatest glory. If we would
have the American flag respected at home and
abroad, if we would have every American love
the flag and rally to its support, let it be the
emblem of power; let that flag vindicate every
American citizen everywhere. That is the
reason why the Roman flag was so much
respected ; that is why it was such a glorious
thing to be a Roman citizen, because the flag
of that grand old republic and empire pro-
tected its citizens everywhere. Every Briton
feels proud because he is protected by the
British flag. The American citizen has very
frequently to disguise himself as a British sub-
ject in many parts of the world, and call him-
self an Englishman, that he may claim the
protection of the English flag. Let the Ameri-
can flag be equally respected. I say that war
with Great Britain is a less calamity than it is
to let the American people feel that they are
humiliated or their rights trampled upon.
But, sir, Great Britain will not declare war.
If Great Britain wishes to declare war because
she denies the right of expatriation and seeks
to punish one of our citizens differently from
what she would another—if she is willing to
go to war for that, let it be known and she will
have the worst of it. Let me tell you that
there is no war in which the American people
would engage with more feeling and more earn-
estness and more unity than a war to protect
our citizens, native born and foreign alike.
They would be a unit on that question, and
Great Britain knows it. All we have to do is
to assert by act of Congress what the law is
and what the law shall be : and Great Britain
will concede it, and if she docs not concede it
she will be in the wrong. When gentlemen
tell us that we should not pass laws on this
subject because Great Britain disregards the
citizenship of our people, and that if we dare
lay a finger on a British subject it will be a
cause of war on her part, they compliment
Great Britain at the expense of the United
States!
I do not think there is anything objection-
able in the bill as it came from the House of
Representatives. It presents the simple ques-
tion, will the nations of the world acknowledge
the citizenship of our naturalized citizens. If
so, well; but if they dare to deny that, and to
demand military service of them or to seize
their persons or imprison the.m, it is a breach
of friendly relations. Let that be understood,
and you will have the doctrine vindicated.
Gentlemen say Great Britain can afford to vin-
dicate the rights of her citizens at the expense
of a war with the United States, Let us make
this declaration and there will be no war. This
bill does not involve the question which has
been presented here as to individual arrests
for offenses committed in foreign countries.
It does not propose to protect men who go to
Great Britain and violate her laws, but it de-
nies her right as well as that of any other for-
eign nation to punish Americans for acts done
here.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to ask the Sena-
tor to explain one clause of this bill. The
third section provides that when it shall be
made known to the President that any citizen
of the United States has been arrested and is
detained by any foreign Government "in contra-
vention of the intent and purpose of this act
upon the allegation that naturalization in the
United States does not operate to dissolve his
allegiance to his native sovereign,'' certain steps
shall be taken; and then it goes on further to
provide, "or if any citizen shall have been
arrested and detained whose release upon
demand shall have been unreasonably delayed
or refused, &c." Does the expression, "any
citizen" there apply to naturalized citizens or
to all citizens?
Mr. STEWART. I suppose it means nat-
uralized citizens, because the act only applies
to naturalized citizens. It is laying down a
rule. The arrest must be in contravention of
what precedes, and what precedes only applies
to naturalized citizens. I undertake to say it
has no practical application to anything else.
If naturalized citizens are unreasonably de-
tained after demand for the reason that the
Government holding them denies our right to
naturalize them, or denies the right of expatri-
ation, then this Government is to interfere.
Any other construction would be in contra-
vention of the intent and meaning of the first
and second sections.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
ask the Senator if he does not think it would
be better to seize the ministers and consuls of
the offending Government, inasmuch as they
are connected immediately with that Govern-
ment, rather than to seize private parties who
are innocent.
Mr. STEWART. I would like that a little
better if it were practicable. I have no respect
for statecraft and diplomatic trading. I think
very little comes out of it. I would not have
much to do with foreign countries except in
the way of direct legislation. Perhaps it would
be well to take that kind of people first; but I
do not believe it will ever come to a reprisal.
If we say that we will protect American citi-
zens abroad, that will be the end of it.
I think the amendment of the committee is
worse than to strike out the third section alto-
gether. It says that having made these invest-
igations it shall be the duty of the President
forthwith to report to Congress all the circum-
stances of any such arrest or detention, and
any proceedings for the relief of the citizen
so arrested and detained, that Congress may
take proper action to secure to every citizen
of the United States his just rights.
In the first place, these arrests may occur
and the investigation go on during the session
of Congress, and before action can be had
Congress adjourns. Then everything must
wait until Congress reassembles, and then the
papers must be referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations, a very dignified, deliberate
committee, pressed with a great deal or other
business. This committee necessarily takes
three or four months to examine such a ques-
tion. By that time the party dies or is forgot-
