1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
just precedent for similar action on the part
of our Government with reference to the war
commence'd by Spain in 1864 on the repub-
lics of Peru, Chili, and Ecuador, and which
was prosecuted with more or less activity until
May, 1866, but which these petitioners repre-
sent has now for upward of two years past
entirely ceased, with no prospect of resumption.
Therefore these petitioners submit that they
have the right as citizens of the United States
to deal with either of those Powers heretofore
belligerent, or with their citizens or subjects,
upon the same footing and to the same extent
as if a formal treaty of peace had been ratified
and exchanged; and they now address Con-
gress and ask some action on their part to pro-
tect them in that asserted right of commerce.
I move the reference of this petition to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. VICKERS. I present a memorial of
citizens of Baltimore, remonstrating against
any reduction of the duty on coal. I move that
this remonstrance be referred to the Committee
on Finance; and as it contains many valuable
facts in a brief space I move that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CATTELL presented a petition of citi-
zens of Philadelphia and Cincinnati, praying
an extension of the law allowing the free entry
of steam-plowing machinery into the United
States; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. DAVIS. T ask leave to present a peti-
tion. As it is short I will ask to have it read,
that the Senate maybe put in possession of
its contents, and then it can be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary to make inquiry
into the subject.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the reading of the petition?
No objection being made it will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
To the honorable Senate and
Haute of Representatives of the United State* :
Your petitioner, William S, Chipley, respectfully
states that he is a citizen of the United States, and a
resident of the city of Lexington, in the State of Ken-
tucky. That he is the lather of William Dudley
Chipley, a citizen of Columbus, Geoigia, who has
been airested and imprisoned by order of the mili-
tary authorities of the United States without cause
and in disregard of (lie provision of the Constitution
of the United Urates, nnd earned out of tho district
in which any offense charged against him was com-
mitted to Atlanta, Georgia, some twohundred miles
distant from hi.-. home, and ia now confined therein
a ceil which is wholly unfit for the confinement, even
as punishment, of a condemned criminal. He is
denied the privilege of seeing or consulting with
either his family, iiis friends, or his counsel, and
deprived of all information as to tho nature of the
charge against him, without power to summon or
procure the attendance of witnesses in his defense.
In short, he is utterly at the mercy of his persecu-
tors, and denied every right which the Constitution
and laws secure to the citizen. He is not, and has
not been, either in the naval nor military service of
the United States. He is a commission merchant in
Columbus, a married man, and a good citizen, as all
who knowliim will testify. Your petitioner does not
know certainly what the charges against his son are,
and can only surmise, from the statements of dis-
charged negro witnesses who were arrested, confined,
and examined touching his connection therewith,
that he is imprisoned for complicity in the murder
of one G. W. Ashburn, who was killed in a house of
ill-fame 
Mr. HOWE. That communication seems
to me a very lengthy one, and it is from a pri-
vate citizen I understand. If it calls for any
action at all I suppose the Judiciary Commit-
tee can tell us what action it calls for. I there-
fore move its reference to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection to that
course. I desired it to be read merely that it
should attract the attention of the Senate, so
as to draw the consideration of the Senate to
it. I move that the petition, with the accom-
panying papers, be referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
REP0IIT8 OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary, to whom were
referred the bill (H. R. No. 970) to provide
ior a temporary and provisional government
for Alabama; the bill (S. No. 348) declaring
the State of Alabama restored to the right of
representation in Congress; the bill (S. No.
463) to provide for a temporary and provisional
government for Alabama, and the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 112) to restore Alabama to
representation in Congress, to report the same
back adversely, because the subject has already
been acted upon ; and I move to take them off
the Calendar that they be indefinitely post-
poned.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS, from the-Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom were referred resolutions
adopted at a meeting of Republicans held in
Dennopolis, Alabama, in favor of the passage
of an act declaring the constitution of that
State ratified ; a memorial of citizens of Jones,
Fayette, and Warren counties, Alabama, pray-
ing Congress to pass a law setting aside and
declaring null and void the ordinance of the
late convention of that State ; and a petition
of Rufus Andrews, of New York, inclosing
petition relative to the clause in the Alabama
constitution concerning wharfage, asked to be
discharged from their further consideration;
which was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, who were, by a resolu-
tion of the Senate of February 12, instructed to
inquire into the facts connected with the forcible
ejection from the cars of the Alexandria and
Washington railroad of one of the employes
of the Senate on account of race, on Saturday,
February 8, 1868, and to inquire what legisla-
tion, if any, is necessary to protect the rights
of passengers on that road, submitted a report;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. YATES, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, submitted an additional report to accom-
pany the bill (S. No. 11) to admit the State of
Colorado into the Union; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 526) to amend an act incorpo-
rating the Washington and Georgetown Rail-
road Company, reported adversely thereon,
and moved its indefinite postponement; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 480) in rela-
tion to the pay of grand and petit jurors in the
District of Columbia, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary;
which was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution (II. R. No. 96) for the relief of John
Sedgwick, collector of internal revenue third
district California, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 347) to amend an act to divide
the State of Illinois into two judicial districts,
approved February IK, 18.55, reported it with
amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of Miss G. C. Smith,
asking an amendment of the bankrupt law so
that her mother will not be deprived of the
amount of property allowed an insolvent; three
petitions of citizens of Illinois, praying the
establishment of two annual terms of the Uni-
ted States circuit and district courts atQuincy,
Illinois; the resolutions of the constitutional
convention of Virginia, in favor of extending
the period during which the first clause ol the
bankrupt act shall operate; a memorial of citi-
zens of New York city, remonstrating against
any extension of the time limited in the law
for commencing proceedings in bankruptcy; a
memorial of citizens of Boston, in relation to
bankruptcy ; and two memorials of citizens of
New York, in relation to bankruptcy, asked to
be discharged from their further consideration;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1021) in
amendment of an act entitled "An act to estab-
lish a uniform system of bankruptcy through-
out the United States," approved March 2,
1867; the bill (S. No. 401) to amend an act
entitled "An act to establish a uniform sys-
tem of bankruptcy throughout the United
States," and a joint resolution (S. It. No. 142)
to refer the claim of George Chorpenning and
former act of Congress for his relief to tho
Court of Claims, reported adversely thereon,
and recommended their indefinite postpone-
ment.
SALE OF HAY IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
The Committee on the District of Columbia,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 540) to
regulate the sale of hay in the District of
Columbia, have had it under consideration,
and have directed me to report the bill favor-
ably and to ask action upon it at this time.
It will take but a moment.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It provides that all hay and
straw which may be sold by weight in the Dis-
trict of Columbia shall be sold by the net hun-
dred, and every two thousand pounds net
weight shall be a ton.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
am also directed by the same committee to
report back two other bills on the same sub-
ject, and to move that they be indefinitely
postponed.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 271) to regulate the sale of hay and straw
in the District of Columbia, and the bill (S.
No. 461) to regulate the sale of hay in the
District of Columbia, were postponed indefi-
nitely.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 148) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to remit the duties on
certain religious books donated to the people
of the United States; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 149) authorizing the sale of dam-
aged or unserviceable arms, ordnance, or ord-
nance stores ; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
RETURN OF A BILL.
Mr. FERRY. I offer the folio wing resolu-
tion, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be
directed to request the House of Representatives to
return to the Senate tho bill to amend the act of
March 3,1865, providing for the construction of cer-
tain wagon-roads iu Dakota Territory, being House
bill No. 650.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. FERRY. Mr. President, the bill re-
ferred to by the resolution came from the House
of Representatives, and was amended in the
Senate owing to a mistake made by the Secre-
tary of the Interior in a communication for-
warded to the Committee on Territories, from
which the bill was reported. That mistake
having been corrected, it is desirable to get
back the bill in order to correct the bill itself.
The resolution was adopted.
JONATHAN JESSDP.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 867.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the title of it?
Mr. RAMSEY. "A bill for the relief of
Jonathan Jessup, postmaster at York, Penn-
sylvania."
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to authorize the Auditor of the Treas-
