2190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
you have conceded the propriety of remitting
all taxes—to put even a small tax on the man-
ufacture of these most necessary articles of
existence.
.Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to correct my
friend, and also other Senators. There is no
new tax imposed by this bill. The present tax
is cm wholesale dealers in the same articles
precisely.
Sir. HOWE. Manufacturers?
Mr. SHEBMAN. No. There is a tax on
all wholesale dealers now, and this extends it
to manufacturers as well as dealers. The
special tax on manufacturers is repealed, and
the general tax applicable to wholesale dealers
is extended to manufacturers, only it is put at
twice the rate.
Mr. HOWE. The tax is moderate in
amount, to be sure, and I should not spend
much time in debating that. 1 think it is un-
advisable to resort to that source of revenue
at the present time. But the filth section has
been commented upon by various gentlemen,
and I should not spend any time upon it my-
self if my objection to it harmonized alto-
gether with the objections that have been
urged by others. I do not object to this sec-
tion because I think it hard, because I think
it severe, because I think it onerous; quite
the contrary. I have thought, as others have
intimated, that you never would have a whole-
some administration of your revenue laws
until you had taken out from the circle of
those who have been mostactivein the produc-
tion of this article and some others that I
could mention, and from the circle of those
who have been most prominent in collecting
the revenue from it, a pretty large percentage,
and transferred thein to your penitentiaries.
Your best school for educating the public up
to the method of collecting revenue, 1 think, is
found there.
So I am not at all startled by this proposi-
tion to impose the penalty of imprisonment
added to fine upon those who deliberately prac-
tice frauds upon the revenue of the Govern-
ment; and 1 certainly am not very much
alarmed at the severity of this second clause
which, recognizing the palpable and unmistak-
able fact that in a community where distilled
spirits from which the Government demands
two dollars a gallon to its revenue are openly
and habitually sold at $1 50 and $1 25 such
a transaction is not only prima facie but con-
clusive evidence of fraud on the part of those
who manufacture it and those who deal in it,
requires tliem to stop doing so. ] do not think
that very severe ; and I do not think it is rep-
rehensible in the law to say to them "you shall
not do so any longer;" especially when it acts
so deliberately as this statute proposes to do ;
when it does not allow the Government to
speak until they have looked on upon the opera-
tion ten days. It deliberately requires of the
Government to stand and look on and see this
thing done ten days and only then to say per-
emptorily "you must stop doing it." In other
words—this is the interpretation of the clause—
the Commissioner of Internal Eevenue, with
his agents planted about in different districts,
when he finds that this fraud is being committed
one day, is to tell them to look on and see if it
is done another day, and if he finds it done
another day he is to say "still watch and see
if it is done another," and if he finds it has
been done eight days right along, this thing
which is regarded by the law as conclusive
evidence of fraud, then the law says through
the Commissioner "'if you dare to do it two
days more," what then? "We will make you
stop doing it!"
That is the law that is proposed here as a
measure to correct these frauds. What is the
practical effect of that? What is the practical
use of it? Here is a district in which the Com-
missioner finds that whisky is manufactured
and whisky is sold at a dollar and a half or a
dollar a gallon. Of course the Government
has not got its two dollars. The Commissioner
watches that state of things for ten days, and
then he tells the distiller—there is but one in the
district, you may suppose—"stop." "Oh,
certainly," says he; "I will stop;" and he
continues to stop. He is in no hurry to go on
with that business. He has a supply on hand.
He stops how long? He stops until the Com-
missioner tells him he may start again. When
will the Commissioner tejl him he may start?
If he is honest lie will tell him he may start as
soon as.whisky may be sold there at a price
which will pay the Government its tax. If he
is dishonest I do not know when he will let
him start; but, no matter when, by and by he
tells him lie may start again. Well, he starts.
He may not offer any for sale until ho gets just
as large a quantity manufactured as he lias
capital to manufacture. He can clean out his
stock in whisky if he does not pay any tax to
the Government at any time within ten days.
So, of course, you do not get the slightest
protection from this provision against dishon-
est men.
There is something in the objection urged
here that it includes innocent men, innocent
manufacturers, within the same penalties with
the guilty. I do not put much stress on that,
because 1 do not believe much in the innocence
of distillers in a community where their prod-
ucts are sold for from fifty cents to a dollar
less than the Government demands in revenue.
The Senator from Indiana [Mr. IIenmucks)
undertook to make us believe that that was
entirely consistent on the theory of perfectly
honest distillation, because, he says, consider-
able of an item ill the profits of distillation
consists in feeding the refuse to stock, and a
distiller may have a large quantity of grain on
hand intending to fatten, and with contracts
out for fattening stock ; and it may be a great
injury to him to stop him at once with this
stock on his hand, not permitted to fatten it. I
do not suppose the Senator from Indiana will
really insist that it is an advantage to the grain
to run it through the mash-tub ; that it is worth
more to be fed to the stock after it has been
through the process of distillation than it is
before. I suppose the stock would not starve
it' he stopped right where it was and fed the
grain to the oxen and to the hogs without run-
ning it through the mash-tub at all. They
would live if they would not fatten. They
would live not only a prosperous life, but a
sober life, and get ready to be killed just as
quick, and die a sober death. [Laughter.]
No, Mr. President; the Senator from Indiana
does not mean that these gentlemen who are
engaged in the distillation of whisky can afford
to pay anything for the privilege of running
their grain through the process of distillation
in order to feed it, out to cattle.
Mr. HENDH1CKS. The Senator argues as
if the whisky was of no value.
Mr. HOWE. I beg my friend not to mis-
represent mo to that extent. [Laughter.]
Mr. HI5NDKICKS. I did not believe that,
that was the S'enator's real sentiment, [laugh-
ter,] still I thought perhaps he had expressed
himself carelessly. I was going to suggest to
him that if a bushel of corn will produce four
gallons of whisky, and then the mashed grain
after the alcohol has been extracted is worth
fifty per cent, as food, does not that fifty per
cent, enter, in an important degree, into the
business of the distiller?
Mr. HOWE. Most unquestionably, Mr.
President. Now let us see how the account
stands. A bushel of corn will produce four
gallons of whisky and he has got his corn in
the distillery, and he wants to make it up.
The Commissioner finds that whisky is sold at
a price under the amount of the tax required
by the Government, and therefore orders him
not to manufacture. What is the hardship?
The Senator from Indiana says that if it was
not for that order he could make four gallons
of whisky out of that bushel of corn, and after
he had paid eight dollars to the Government
he would have four gallons of whisky which he
could sell at $1 90 per gallon, making $7 00;
so that he would only lose on his distillation
forty cents in cash; and the great advantage ,
he would derive from that operation would be
that the refuse would be worth fifty per cent,
as much as the corn would be to feed to his
stock! That is the operation in dollars and
cents. 1 do not think it would be any hard-
ship to the distiller to stop hiin before he had
reduced the value of his corn fifty per cent-
Mr. HENDKICKS. 1 do not wish to be
misrepresented on the whisky question, or on
the corn question either. I do not claim that
a man can afford to manufacture whisky and
sell it for less than the tax ; I do not approve
of that; but a man may be willing to go on,
his affairs may be in that condition that he
would go on, an! manufacture notwithstand-
ing the fact that the price in the market was
loss than the tax. In the first place, he might
hope that there would be a rise in the market,
and in the second place ho might have a stock
of hogs to feed that must be fed. I do. not
know whether the Senator from Wisconsin is
aware of the fact, but in very many cases the
distiller makes a contract with farmers in the
neighborhood to feed their stock for them, so
much on the head per day. Then the Senator
can see what will be the condition of the farmer
and distiller both if he were to stop while the
work was going on.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Nevada
[Mr. Nyu] remarked some time since that there
were honest men engaged in this business of
distillation. Now, I cannot positively deny
that; but where this product is sold at the prices
now paid for it, if the Senator would produce
me a man who was distilling and paying the
Government two dollars a gallon, as he must
pay if he is an honest man, and selling at a
dollar and a half or a dollar and a quarter; if
he should succeed in satisfying me that he was
an honest man, and therefore ought not to go to
the State prison, I should certainly conclude
that he was an insane man who ought to go to
a lunatic asylum. That thing cannot be done.
Mr. NYE. Just make provision for that in
the bill. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOWE. No, Mr. President, I am not
framing the bill; I am objecting to it; and my
objection is not, as I said before, that the
provisions of this section are too stringent. If
the conference committee will strike this out
and put in the place of it a provision which
holds every man in any community who sells a
gallon of liquor at a price less than the Gov-
ernment demands for its revenues guilty of
high treason, and will sentence him to impris-
onment in the State prison for a term not less
than one hundred and fittyyears and then hang
him by the neck until he shall be dead, to adopt
the suggestion of a friend near me, I will con-
sider the propriety of that. That would be
satisfactory to me abundantly, in comparison
to this.
Mr. SHERMAN. A^ould it be to anybody
else ?
Mr. HOWE. I do not know. I think it
should be to the chairman of the Committee
oil Finance; 1 think it should be to the Com-
mittee^ on Finance ; I think it should be to Uk-
financial minister of the Government ; I think
it should be to the Legislature of the naiion,
if they mean that this tax shall be collected.
If they do not mean it, 1 think thev had better
say so at once and stop the struggle, and let
us have peace on the terms on which the dis-
tillers are undoubtedly willing to grant it to us,
v down to fifty cents or twenty-five cents,
and 1 think you might as well come down at
once to fourpenee halfpenny a gallon, and then
have quiet.
• ^ "nderstood if this section is re-
jected. my vote, as I shall give it in that direc-
tion, is not upon the objection which has been
urged to it by other Senators. The Senator
from Maryland [Mr. Jonxsox] was on the
lfoor some time since, and he put a question
which I thought was pertinent, but which I did
not hear any one answer. He asked, and I
think he directed, his inquiry to the Senator
Horn Ufno, the chairman of this committee
