132
SUPPLEMENT TO
cases jmist occur to which neither of those modes
dictated by the Constitution would be applica-
ble, but which must be provided for ; cases of
temporary absence of the head of a Depart-
ment the business of which, especially during
the session of Congress, must, for the public
interest, continue to be administered ; cases of
sickness, cases of resignation or removaV, for
the power of removal, at any rate in that day,
was held to be in the Presjdent; cases of
resignation or removal in reference to which
the President was not, owing to the sudden-
ness of the occurrence, in a condition imme-
diately to make a nomination to fill the office,
or even to issue a commission to fill the office,
if such vacancy occurred in vacation ; and
therefore it became necessary by legislation to
supply these administrative defects which ex-
isted and were not provided for by the Consti-
tution. And accordingly, beginning in 1792,
there will be found to be a series of acts on this
subject of filling vacancies by temporary or ad
interim authority; not appointments, not fill-
ing vacancies in offices by a commission in the
recess of .the Senate, nor by a commission
signed by the President in consequence of the
adviee and consent of the Senate ; but a mode
of designating a particular person to perform
temporarily the duties ot some particular office
which otherwise, before the office can be filled
in accordance with the Constitution, would re-
main unperformed. These acts are one of
May 8, 1792, section 8, (1 Statutes-at-Large,
p. 281;) Februaryl7,1795,(1 Statutes-at-Large,
p. 415 ;) and the last in February 20, 1803, (12
Statutes-at-Large, p. 656.)
The Senate will observe what particular diffi-
culty these laws were designed to meet. This
difficulty was the occurrence of some sudden
vacancy in office or some sudden inability to
perform the duties of an office ; and the inten-
tion of each of these laws was, each being ap-
plied to some particular class of cases, to make
provision that notwithstanding there was a
vacancy in the office, or notwithstanding there
was a temporary disability in the officer without
a vacancy, still the duties of the office should
be temporarily discharged. That was the pur-
pose ot these laws. It is entirely evident that
these temporary vacancies are just as liable to
occur during the session of the Senate as dur-
ing the recess of the Senate; that it is just as
necessary to have a set of legislative provisions
to enable the President to carry on the public
service in case of these vacancies and inabili-
ties during the session of the Senate as during
the recess of Senate; and, accordingly, it will
be found, by looking into these laws, that they
make no distinction between the sessions of
the Senate and the recesses of the Senate in ref-
erence to these temporary authorities. " When-
ever a vacancy shall occur" is the language of
the law—"whenever there shall be a death or
a resignation or au absence or a sickness."
The law applies when the event occurs that the
law contemplates as an emergency; and the
particular time when it occurs is of no conse-
quence in itself, and is deemed by the law of
no consequence, in accordance with this view,
Senators, has been the uniform and settled and
frequent practice of the Government from its
very earliest date, as I am instructed we shall
prove, not in any one or two or few instances,
but in great numbers of instances. That has
been the practical construction put upon these
laws from the time when the earliest law was
passed in 1792, and it has continued down to
this day.
The honorable Managers themselves read a
list a few days since of temporary appoint-
ments during the session of the Senate of
heads of Departments, which amounted in
number, if 1 counted them accurately, to-up
ward of thirty; and if you add to these the
cases of officers below the heads of Depart-
ments the number will be found, of course, to
be much increased; and, in the course of ex-
hibiting this evidence, it will be found that,
although the instances are not numerous, for
they are not very likely to occur in practice,
yet instances have occurred oti all fours with
the one which is now before the Senate, where
there has been a removal or a suspension of an
officer, sometimes one and sometimes the other,
and the designation of a person has been made
at the same time temporarily to discharge the
duties of that office.
The Senate will see that in practice such
things must naturally occur. Take the case, for
instance, of Mr. Floyd, which I alluded to yes-
terday. Mr. Floyd went out of office. Hischicf
clerk was a person believed to be in sympathy
with him and under his control. If the third
section of the act of 1789 was allowed to op-
erate the control of the office went into the
hands of that clerk. The Senate was in ses-
sion. The public safety did notpermit the War
Department to be left in that predicament for
one hour, if it could be avoided, and President
Buchanan sent down to the Post Office De-
partment and brought the Postmaster General
to the War Department, and put it in his charge.
There was then in this body a sufficient num-
ber of persons to look after that matter; they
felt an interest in it; and consequently they
passed a resolve inquiring of President Bu-
chanan by what authority he had made an
appointment of a person to take charge of the
War Department without their consent, without
a nomination to them, and their advising and
consent to it;, to which a message was sent in
answer containing the facts on this subject, and
showing to the Senate of that day the propri-
ety, the necessity, and the long-continued prac-
tice under which this authority was exercised
by him ; and giving a schedule running through
the time of General Jackson and his two im-
mediate successors, I think, showing great num-
bers of ad interim appointments of this char-
acter, and to those, as I have said, we shall
add a very considerable number of others.
I submit, then, that there can be no ground
whatever for the allegation that this ad interim
appointment was a violation of the Constitu-
tion of the U nited States. The legislation of
Congress is a sufficient answer to that charge.
I pass, therefore, to the next article which
I wish to consider, and that is not the next in
number, but the eighth; and I take it in this
order because the eighth article, as I have an-
alyzed it, differs from the second only in one
particular; and therefore, taking that in con-
nection with the second, of which I have just
been speaking, it will be necessary for me to
say but a very few words concerning it.
It charges an attempt unlawfully to control
the appropriations made by Congress for the
military service, and that is all there is in it
except what is in the second article.
Upon that, certainly, at this stage of the
case, I do not deem it necessiry to make any
observations. The Senate will remember the
offer of proof on the part of the Managers de-
signed, as was stated, to connect the President
of the United States, through his Private Sec-
retary, with the Treasury, and thus enable him
to use unlawfully appropriations made for the
military service. The Senate will recollect
the fate of that offer, and that the evidence
was not received ; and therefore it seems to
me quite unnecessary for me to pause to com-
ment any further upon this eighth article.
I advance to the third article, and here the
allegations are, that the President appointed
General Thomas ; second, that he did this
without the adviee and consent of the Senate;
third, that he did it when no vacancy had hap-
pened in the recess of the Senate ; fourth, that
he did it when there was no vacancy at the
time of the appointment; and fifth, that he
committed a high misdemeanor by thus inten-
tionally violating the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States.
I desire to say a word or two upon each of
these points; and first we deny that he ever
appointed General Thomas to an office. An
appointment can be made to an office only by
the advice and consent of the Senate, and
through a commission signed by the President,
and bearing the great seal of the Government.
That is the only mode in which the appoint-
ment can be made. The President, as I have
said, may temporarily commission officers when
vacancies occur during the recess of the Sen-
ate. That is not au appointment. It is not so
termed in the Constitution. A clear distinc-
tion is drawn between the two. The Presi-
dent also may, under the acts of 1795 and
1863, designate persons who shall temporarily
exercise the authority and perform the duties
of a certain office when there is a vacancy;
but that is not an appointment. The office is
not filled by such a designation. Now, all
which the President did was to issue a letter
of authority to General Thomas, authorizing
him ad interim to perform the duties of Sec-
retary of War. In no sense was this an ap-
pointment.
It is said it was made without the advice and
consent of the Senate. Certainly it was. How
can the adviee and consent of the Senate be
obtained to an ad interim authority of this
kind under any of these acts of Congress ? It
is not an appointment that is in view. It is to
supply temporarily a defect in the administra-
tive machinery of the Government. If he had
gone to the Senate for their advice and consent
he must have gone on a nomination made by
him of General Thomas to this office, a thing
he never intended to do, and never made any
attempt to carry into effect.
It is said no vacancy happened in the recess.
That I have already considered. Temporary
appointments are not limited to the temporary
supply of vacancies happening in the recess of
the Senate, as I have already endeavored to
show.
It is said there was no vacancy at the time
the act was done. That is begging the ques-
tion. If Mr. Stanton's case was not within
the tenure-of-office act, if, as I have so often
repeated, he held under the act of 1789, and
at the pleasure of the President, the moment
he received that order which General Thomas
carried to him there was a vacancy in point
of law, however he may have refused to per-
form his duty and prevented a vacancy from
occurring in point of fact. But the Senate
will perceive these two letters were to be de-
livered to General Thomas at the same time.
One of them is an order to Mr. Stanton'to
vacate the office; the other is a direction to
General Thomas to take possession when Mr.
Stanton obeys the order thus given. Now,
may not the President of the United States
issue a letter of authority in contemplation
that a vacancy is about to occur ? Is he bound
to take a technical view of this subject, and
have the order creating the vacancy first sent
and delivered, and then sit down at his table
and sign the letter of authority afterward? If
he _exp_ects_ a _ vacancy, if he has done an act
which in his judgment is sufficient to create a
vacancy, may he not, in contemplation that
that vacancy is to happen, sign the necessary
paper to give the temporary authority to carry
on the duties of the office?
Last of all, it is said he committed a high
misdemeanor by intentionally violating the
Constitution of the United States when he
gave General Thomas this letter of authority.
If I have been successful in the argument I
have already addressed to you you will be of
opinion that in point of fact there was no vio-
lation of the Constitution of the United States
by delivering this letter of authority, because
the Constitution of the United States makes
no provision on the subject of these temporary
authorities, and the law of Congress has made
provision equally applicable to the recess of
the Senate and to its session.
Here, also, t beg leave to remind the Senate
that if Mr. Stanton's case does not fall within
the tenure-of-office act, if the order which the
President gave to him to vacate the office was
a lawful order aud one which he was bouud to
obey, everything which is contained in this
article, as well as in the preceding articles,
fails. It is impossible, 1 submit, for the hon-
orable Managers to construct a case of an
intention on the part of the President to vio-
late the Constitution of the United States out
of anything which he did in reference to the
