4238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Julv 20,
ten and the case is not reached till Congress is
about ready to adjourn, and then appropriation
bills and railroad bills crowd us. and the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations
must make a struggle to get the subject before
Congress. In the meantime, the poor fellow
who has been arrested, if living, is lying in jail
without a remedy, and no person has heard
from him for so long a time that the outrage
of his arrest has been forgotten.
It is like taking a person who has a claim
against the Government under an express bar-
gain for services rendered and turning him
over to Congress for relief. We all know how
such relief bills are hung up here three or four
years before the case is investigated and de-
termined. So it will in these matters. Refer-
ring them to Congress without making any
demand on the foreign Government for redress
is no remedy. It is not Congress that admin-
isters remedies ; Congress is not the Executive
of the nation. We must, speak to foreign
Governments through the Executive. lie is
the organ of the nation in such matters. If
there is to be any action taken it must be taken
by the Executive. Here you propose to say
that if foreign Governments arrest citizens of
the United States in contravention of the right
ol expatriation, in contravention of their natu-
ralization by the United States, we will retali-
ate. It places no special power in the Presi-
dent. I't marks out a specific state of facts
upon which he shall act. If you are not will-
ing to protect naturalized citizens the same as
you protect native-born citizens, if you are not
prepared to adopt this principle, do not do it;
but if you are, lay down the law, and lot the
President carry it out. There is loose discre-
tion placed in his hands, as is claimed by those
who have opposed the bill. If you are pre-
pared to assert that doctrine you do it in this
bill as it came from the other House. I am
prepared to assert it.
I t is unjust, it is absurd, for a Government to
claim that it has any lien on a man born upon
its soil. It is in contravention of human rights;
it is in contravention of justice; it is a false
claim. _ It is in contravention of the progress
and civilization of the age, and it is tune that
we asserted the true doctrine. I think this bill
i.s important in that respect. The decisions of
our courts fall far short of coming up to our
political theory, they having borrowed the Eng-
lish decisions. Let the laiv stand stating the
doctrine as wo understand and proclaim it.
claims. That is not a very good way to do it.
You want a law, a proper law. Let Congress
declare the law. Then, unless some nation
wishes to do wrong to our citizens, all will be
well. And if any nation wishes to make this
issue witk us, the quicker we meet it the
stronger we shall be to meet it, because the
stronger we shall be in the affections of forty
million people proud and able to vindicate the
right anywhere and everywhere.
I think the least calamity that could happen
to America would be a war with Great Brit-
ain. I want it understood that I think a little
brush with England is one of the least calami-
ties that could happen to American civiliza-
tion and progress, although I hope she will be
prudent enough to avoid it, and I believe she
will. 1 do not think there is the slightest
danger of her attempting it; but if we do have
it I think we shall make some reprisals on
account of the Alabama; I think we shall get
even with her and set international law right
in regard to the capture of Mason and Slidell,
whom we had to give up. I think we shall
pay off some old scores. She has large pos-
sessions at the North, and I do not think that
the boundaries of our country will be contracted
or the area of the United States become less
by reason of the conflict. Particularly shall
I feel confident if she undertakes a conflict
with the purpose of incarcerating American
citizens against the laws of justice and right
and against the advancing principles of human-
ity, which have been proclaimed by the prog-
ress of the age.
executive session.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
U<Mr. CONNESS. I hope not.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will not insist on the
motion if there is to be a vote on the bill;
but if there is more debate I will.
Mr. CONNESS. I call for the yeas and
nays, because 1 think this bill will stand in the
way of other business.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is known that there
are some very important messages which ought
to be referred. If there can be a vote on this
bill I certainly do not wish to prevent it; but
if there is to be any further debate, and I pre-
sume there is, I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. CONNESS. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 28, nays 12; as follows:
_ YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler. Cole, Conk-
ling, Crascin, Davis, lloohttle, I'Mmuivis. Fei-ry, Fes-
senden, bowler, Harris, McOrccry, McDonald, Mor-
gan, Osborn, Patterson of NowHampsliire, Pomevoy,
Ramsey, ltice, Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, Van
Winkle. Victors, Welch. Willey, and Yates—2S.
NAYS—Messrs. Conn ess, Howard, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Stewart, Thayer, Tip-
ton. Wsidc, Whyte, Williams, and Wilson—1'2.
ABSENT — Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Buekalcw,
Cameron, Cattoll, Corbett, Dixon, Drake. Freling-
huysen, Grimes, Harlan, Henderson, Hendricks,
Howe, Kellogg, Norton. Nye, Patterson of Tennes-
see, Pool, Ross. Saulsbury, and Trumbull—22.
So the motion was agreed to.
_ The Senate thereupon proceeded to the con-
sideration of executive business; and after
some time spent therein, the doors were re-
opened.
improvement op the mississippi' river. '
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. McPheuson, its Clerk, an-
nounced that the House had disagreed to the
report of the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
bill (S. No. 554) making a grant of land to the
State of Minnesota to aid in the improvement
of the navigation of the Mississippi river, and
asked a further conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses, and had appointed
Mr. 1. Donnelly of Minnesota, Mr. Horace
Maykakd of Tennessee, and Mr Lewis W.
Ross of Illinois, managers at the same on its
part.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 554) making a
grant of land to the State of Minnesota to aid
in the improvement of the navigation of the
Mississippi river, disagreed to by the House
of Representatives; and
On motion by Mr. RAMSEY, it was
Hexolved, That the Senate farther insist upon its
amendments to the said bit! disagreed to by the
House of .Representatives, and agree to the further
conference on the disagreeing votesol the two Houses
thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the President/)™ tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Ramsey, Mr. Harlan, and Mr. Buoka-
li;w, managers on the part of the Senate.
deficiency appropriation l'.ill.
The message from the House of Representa-
tives also announced that the House had dis-
agreed to the amendments of the Senate to the
bill (II. R. No. 1341) making appropriations
and to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for the service of the Government for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1868, and for other pur-
poses, asked a conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon, and had
appointed Mr. E. B. Washbuune of Illinois,
Mr. W. H, Kelsky of New York, and Mr. G.
W. Woodward of Pennsylvania, managers at
the same on its part.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 1341) making
appropriations and to supply deficiencies iu the
appropriations for the service of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year eliding,Tune 30, and
for other purposes.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, it
was—
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill, disagreed to by the House of
Represen tatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House of Representatives on the disagree-
ing: votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the Sen-
ate be appointed by the President pro tempore of the
Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, appointed
Mr. Morrill of Maine, Mr. Coxklixg, and"
Mr. Doolittle.
loyal choctaws and ciiickasaws.
Mr. THAYER. I ask the Senate to take
up the bill (H. R. No. 1376) forthe relief of the
loyal Choctaw and Chickasaw Indians.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pend-
ing question is on the passage of the bill.
The bill was passed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour
of five o'clock having arrived, the Senate,
according to order, will take a recess until
half past seven o'clock this evening.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
medical history of the war.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Com-
mittee on Printing be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the report of the Secre-
tary of War, communicating, in compliance
with a resolution of the Senate of the 3d instant,
information in relation to the condition of the
appropriation for the publication of the medi-
cal and surgical history of the war, and that it
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
It is a legal question, and we have nothing to
do with it.
The motion was agreed to.
military peace establishment.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. G17.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 617) to reduce
the military peace establishment of the United
States.
Mr. HOWARD. Before proceeding with
that bill 1 ask the Senator from Massachusetts
to give way to a motion to take up Senate bill
No. 256, for the purpose of assigning it for
to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. DRAKE. What is it?
Mr. HOWARD. The Central Branch Union
Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, and others, I
object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
before the Senate, on the motion of the Sen-
ator lrom Massachusetts, will be read.
Mr. WILSON. It is hardly necessary to
read the original bill. Let the amendment
which I reported this morning be read.
The Secretary road the amendment, which
t0,s.t,"ke ,0Ht all after the enacting clause
ot the bill and to insert the following :
That the line of the Army, as now constituted 1m
reduced to thirty regiments of infantry, eight regi-
ments of cavalry, and tour regiments of artiilorv
ro !montsC ofll^ effu(;ted by consolidation of the
rooiments of the several arms now in the service*
three of saul regiments of infantry shall be com J,?od
rle^l*/?';8 oafnd ?,hree of. of theTeL™,
compos'efof cX.rcd toop?™^' regiment3 ^
deut be" cnrtcd- That th« Presi-
so sLn as thn autho«zed and directed,
admit of the so^ i? -lnte™sts a«<i necessities will
out of enlistwl^mm 61"K ^ lie' order the muster
nomWrn,.' men now m service, until the total
thirtvthm ?nnilng ,s,ervl0« sf>all be reduced to
tmity thousand, as iollows, namely cavalrv
infancy eiehtnln'i'h f0Ur tj12usa,ad e>sht hund'red;
TlSt ? thousand hre hundred: Provided,
dcDartm«nl« min °h engineer and ordnance
mure - ^ iV*"?we(i|even hundred, and no
mure. And ptovv led further, That until said reduc-
