1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1167
■which was the argument that the State of
Maryland had not seceded ; that, inasmuch as
it continued one of the States of the Union it
•was not a proper thing for Mm, being a citizen
of Maryland, to join the confederate forces.
Now, sir, that is not the evidence. The evi-
dence is that he used various arguments to
dissuade his son. He pointed out to him the
personal danger which he incurred, and pointed
out to him that it was a violation of his pub-
lic duty as a citizen of the United States. But
gentlemen say that his putting such an argu-
ment as that which they mention to his son
proves his own disloyalty. Why, Mr. Presi-
dent, that is a most unreasonable assertion.
Of course, in arguing with his son against
going into the confederate service he would
use those arguments which he would think most
effective. Taking into account the sympathies
which his son had for the confederate side in
the war, the most powerful argument which
could be made to the son to influence him
against following his sympathies would be an
absence of right on his part as a citizen of
Maryland. The argument was appropriate to
the occasion. It was well calculated to effect
the object 1'or which it was made—to reach the
judgment and the convictions of the son and
dissuade him from the act which he proposed
to perform.
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds]
objects to the rule of law which has been
maintained by several gentlemen in this debate,
that the essence of the offense, if offense was
committed by Mr. Thomas in furnishing his
son money, was in the intent with which the
act was committed. The Senator from Ver-
mont says that is bad law. I do not know
whether he impeaches the logic of the reason-
ing, but he asserts that it is bad law, and to
convince us that it is bad or faulty law, he sup-
poses a case of larceny committed by some
person who is suffering the pains of hunger, or
whose family dependent upon him are brought
to the lowest point of suffering for want of
food. He says that a man under such circum-
stances obtaining surreptitious access to some
species of food and taking it, might be con-
victed of larceny, and it would be said that his
motive in seizing the property and appropriat-
ing it to his own use or that of his family was
wide of the question for trial before the court
when the case was heard. No matter what
his motive was, the act would be criminal,
and therefore punishable.
The Senator does not perceive the fallacy which
lurks in his illustration. In the case supposed
the very point of the offense, the essential ele-
ment of the offense, would be the intent with
which the property is taken. If it were taken
with the intent of depriving the owner of its
enjoyment and feloniously converting it to the
use of the man who takes it the offense would
be complete. The intent with which he takes
it in that case is the fact which constitutes the
offense, just as the intent in a case arising un-
der this statute or under any other statute of a
similar description would constitute the offense
forbidden. The Senator mistakes the motive
which influences a man's intent, which creates
the intent, with the intent itself. He confounds
two things which are perfectly distinct.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend will permit me
to' correct him. I took exactly the opposite
ground, and undertook to distinguish the other
day between the motive and the intent, be-
tween the voluntary act of the will in doing a
specific thing and the motive which produced
that action of the will; and my friend from
Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] thought that was
such a metaphysical distinction -that nobody
could understand it. I am glad my friend
from Pennsylvania perceives it.
Mr. BUCKALEW. 1 am not concerned in
the Senator's metaphysical difference with the
Senator from Indiana. I am concerned with
his argument, that the intent with_ which an
act is committed is, or may be, an indifferent
question in defining or fixing crime.
Sir. EDMUNDS. 1 did not say that.
Mr. BUCKALEW. In the case which we
are discussing it has been, on the side of Mr.
Thomas, argued throughout that the intent
with which an act is done gives a color and
complexion to it, assigns to it its just charac-
ter, and that if his act was done simply with
the intention of befriending his son it was
not criminal, that it would be only criminal
if the act was done with the intent of aiding
the rebellion against the United States.
Mr. YATES. I wish to ask the honorable
Senator a question. If the father gave the
son $100, knowing that he was going into the
rebel service, can he excuse himself upon the
ground that he did not intend to do a criminal
act himself? If he knew the fact that the son
was going into the rebel service, and then gave
him $100, whereby he might get into the rebel
service, is he notrparticeps criminis?
Mr. BUCKALEW. The Senator has sug-
gested the very point raised by the report of
the committee, which we have debated through-
out, the question of fact—what was his intent
when he gave that money? The Senator sim-
ply states the proposition we are debating.
Mr. YATES. Allow me to explain the
point I am suggesting. A man gives money
to a person whom he knows is going to commit
a crime. Suppose, for instance, there was a con-
spiracy to murder the President of the United
States and money was given to one of the par-
ties who proposed to commit the murder, the
man giving the money knowing that the inten-
tion of the person to whom he gave it was to
commit the crime ; would he not thereby be-
come particeps criminis ? That is the ques-
tion. Here, where the party proposed not to
kill the President but to stab the life of the
nation, this man gave him $100 with knowl-
edge of that fact, without which money it is
reasonable to presume he could not have com-
mitted the offense; is not the man giving the
money clearly an accessory before the fact.?
Mr. BUCKALE W. I repeat, Mr. President,
that the Senator simply brings us again to the
point we -have been debating from the begin-
ning; the question recurs back continually,
however the proposition may be stated, what
was the intention with which the act was done?
Was it to aid the enemies of the United States,
or was it for another purpose, which was inno-
cent? And we are to judge of that intention
according to the evidence which is before us.
Of course, a naked act of this kind shown,
without explanation, without anything further
than its mere statement, would justify us in
inferring that it was done with the intent of
aiding the rebellion. I do not see that the
Senator's suggestions have changed the point
for debate and for decision by the Senate, as I
stated it before.
Mr. President, when we come to the decis-
ion of this case it resolves itself into a single
point, the point which arises upon what has
been just stated by the Senator from Illinois.
Upon that there has been sufficient discussion,
and I shall not much prolong it.
As a matter of course, if the Senator from
Illinois will reflect a moment he will see that
the question in this case relates to the act of a
father toward his son. It is not the case of
an act by a man towards a stranger or to a
neighbor or to one disconnected from him
altogether by ties of blood or association. It
is a question with regard to an act performed
by a father to his son. It relates to the family
circle. It brings into consideration all those
passions and affections which characterize the
social circle. It brings also into view illus-
trative examples which were occurring through-
out the war in all parts of the country of diso-
bedience and insubordination of children to
their parents, their being entrapped into the
Union armies as well us into the southern
army, the difficulties which were felt under the
peculiar condition of things in the country in
exercising parental control.
Mr. YATES. Will the Senator allow me to
make a suggestion ?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Certainly.
Mr. YATES. Therein consists the enormity
of this offense. If this $100 had been given to
some other person the offense would not have
been so great; but that a man should give to
his own son $100 to raise his parricidal arm
against the Government of the United States
makes the offense far greater.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The Senator begs the
very question.
Mr. YATES. He had power of constraint
over his son.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The Senator again begs
the very question in debate. The very ques-
tion in debate is': did he give money to his son
with the intent and design and purpose of'hav-
ing him raise his arm in rebellion ; or did he
give it to him for the purpose of relieving his
immediate and temporary necessities? Is it
not the fact that when he found that the son
was here in Washington some time afterward,
he had his mother write to him an urgent and
affectionate letter urging him by all the consid-
erations which could influence his mind to come
home and to abandon his enterprise? Thatis
undisputed.
Be it remembered, Mr. President, that this
transaction between father and son is not
proved by any witness independent of the
family circle. The public knew nothing about
it. The country knew nothing about it. It
was simply suggested that this man's son had
gone into the rebellion, and therefore he was
called before the committee, and upon his ex-
amination he frankly stated the whole case.
Now, the only evidence we have against Mr.
Thomas that he gave money to his son is the
voluntary acknowledgment of Mr. Thomas and
the testimony of the son; but in taking the
testimony of the one and the admission of the
other you must take them altogether ; in fair-
ness you cannot take a fragment of the testi-
mony of a witness and reject the rest. While
the only proof you have that the father gave
the money to the son is the testimony of the
son and the admission of the father before
the committee, that testimony and that admis-
sion were accompanied by statements of the
circumstances under which the act was done
and of the motives which influenced the par-
ties. You can hardly take the testimony of
the fact and strike out of the case all the at-
tendant 'circumstances which accompanied it.
In courts of justice and under the rules of law
you are not permitted to do that, to call a wit-
ness and then take a part of his testimony
which tells against him and reject the remain-
der which tells in his own favor. This is
so plain a principle of justice that I do not
see that gentlemen can ignore it in this case,
although we may not be bound by strict rules
of law.
But, sir, the Senator from Illinois says the
fact that this was done in the case of a son
makes the act .worse. I will read for his edifi-
cation an anecdote which perhaps may show
him what a great and good man in this country
thought in reference to the relations between
father and son in a case of great delicacy and
difficulty. This is an anecdote told by David
Paul Brown, of Philadelphia, a celebrated
criminal lawyer, of what occurred in his early
professional life. He was present upon one
occasion in the State of New Jersey at a bar
dinner or meeting where Judge Bushrod Wash-
ington was present, and where leading and
distinguished members of the bar of New Jer-
sey were also present. In the course of the
conversation which occurred Mr. Stockton,
addressing the Judge, inquired:
"Have you seen the account of the mclaneholj'
position in which Governor Desha, of Kentucky, has
been placed by the crime of his son ?_ It is a sad
affair," said the judge. "But,"rejoined Stockton,
"the worst of it is, that the son, having been con-
victed, the Governor, his father, must now decide
between signing the death-warrant or a pardon.
"And that yoa consider a difficulty," said the judge.
"Certainly," replied the interlocutor. . W hy. 1
would like to know, now, what you, an upright, im-
partial, and inflexible judge, would do in such a
ca«e9" "Do!" was tho reply. Do you doubt, Mr,
Stockton, what I would do?" his eye sparkling and
his little figure expanding by the side oHiis gigantic
friend; *' why, sir, I would pardon him at once; the
time has long gone by when it was deemed either
natural or honorable to play the Roman father."-
