4240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
small distribution made in this bill will_ be
amply sufficient to accommodate the organiza-
tion of the miiitia in all the States, and will
give the militia in all the States, or most of the
militia in all the States, a good first-class arm.
There is no danger in it, no difficulty in it,
nothing wrong intended in it in anyway, I am
very sure, nothing that can work any harm to
any class in the community. We have a large
abundance of arms on hand, and it will arm
this number of the militia of the country with
good arms. It applies to all the States repre-
sented in Congress. Of course, it will not
reach three or four States that are not repre-
sented, and may not be at present.
Mr. DAVIS. I have a general comprehen-
sion of the ninth section which I have asked
to have read to the Senate. I am exceedingly
suspicious of that section. I know of no
urgent reason that is a proper one in itself for
the distribution of these surplus arms of the
United States among the mihtia of the several
States. I do not doubt, as the honorable Sen-
ator says, that there is a surplus of anus in the
armories and arsenals of the United States,
and that a very proper distribution of these
surplus arms ata convenient and fit time would
be to distribute them to the several States for
arming their militia. 1 concede that there is
an appearance of fairness in the general dis-
tribution that is to be made of arms among all
the States; but to my mind and in my judg-
ment it is entirely illusory; it is a mere mask.
AU the States are grouped together in order
that the ten southern States may be more care-
fully and effectively covered up in the gener-
ality of the measure. To my mind it is per-
fectly apparent that the real object and purpose
of this measure, at least of the ninth section
of the bill, is to distribute arms among the
southern States, to place them under the con-
trol of the .Radical Governors of the southern
States, to be used by those Governors and their
instruments for the purpose of intimidation in
the election and to control that election in all
those States.
Mr. President, Congress has passed recon-
struction laws against the sense of the vast
majority of the white people of the southern
States. It may be assumed that nine tenths
of the white people of the southern States
revolt at this congressional legislation. The
constitutionality ot' that, legislation lias never
passed the ordeal of the courts. The Presi-
dent dissents from Congress as to the constitu-
tionality and validity of that legislation ; and
I have no doubt that a large majority of the
white people of the United States are entirely
opposed in their judgment to the constitution-
ality, the expediency, and the soundness of
that system of legislation. But as that legisla-
tion has been consummated by Congress Con-
gress ought at least to have the justice, the
grace to allow to the people of the southern
States a fair and free election under the system
which Congress has organized and which has
been carried out under congressional legislation
by the establishment of new governments.
Sir, I cannot wink so hard as not to see, at
least to suspect, that the true, I might say the
only object of this measure is to put into the
hands of negroes in the southern States arms
for the purpose of intimidating and driving the
white population who, underthereconstruction
laws of Congress are entitled to vote, from the
polls. You distrust the very system that you
have organized. The power that- you have
created_ under an arbitrary and unconstitutional
legislation you shrink from permitting to go
fairly into operation under the deformed gov-
ernments and measures which you have adopted.
We are about to enter upon a canvass which
I suppose will be one of the most exciting and
all-absorbing canvasses that ever occurred in
the United States. Next fall, after this heated
canvass, follows a presidential election, the
importance of which in the judgment of both
parties has never been paralleled in the history
of oar country. Is there any reason, are there
any public considerations, that require this dis-
tributionof arms to take place just as that can-
vass is being entered upon and before the elec-
tion takes place? You have your Freedmen's
Bureau in full organization and operation in the
southern States. In addition to that yon have
more than twenty thousand soldiers distrib-
uted throughout those States. So far as there
is any power necessary to repress disorder, to
prevent, if you please, the rising of rebels, and
to arrest them in their efforts, if they should
make the effort improperly to control and in-
fluence those elections, is there not an ample
force and power in the Freedmen's Bureau
and in the armies that are in those States to
effect those objects? Why, then, at this stage
of this session, without any notice, without
any opportunity oil the part of Senators op-
posed to this measure to examine it carefully,
and deliberately to present it to the Senate,
and to present it to the country—why at this
last hour almost of the session spring it upon
the Senate and urge it so precipitately through
the foims of legislation? Is there any cause
that requires that this legislation shall now
take place ? Is there any sufficient reason for
it? If so, let the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs present those
reasons to the Senate, and let the Senate have
the benefit of his exposition of his reasons of
State and State policy that require that this
measure should pass.
Why, sir, can we doubt, can human incredu-
lity doubt, that if these arms are placed in the
hands of the Governors of the ten southern
States, they will be distributed into the heavy
Democratic sections in those States and be
placed in the hands of men who will use them
for the purpose of intimidating Democratic
voters from coming to the polls, keeping them
away from the polls, and in that way control-
ling and carrying the election ? Are not the
military commanders who now hold command
in the several southern departments, with their
forces, amply sufficient to take care of the
peace of the country, the due enforcement of
the election laws, or, if you choose, the inter-
est of the Republican party ill those States?
If it is contemplated that a fair and free elec-
tion, to be participated in by (he persons who
under the constitution and laws of those States
and the laws of Congress are entitled to vote
shall take place, where is the necessity of dis-
tributing these arms among the ten southern
States ? Take, for instance, General Meade,
who commands in one of those departments.
Has he not an ample force to preserve the
peace, to protect the purity of the ballot-box,
to keep off disturbers and persons who would
bring improper influences to bear upon the
election? Has he not force enough and arms
enough in his department, and have not all
the other generals in their respective depart-
ments enough of force and of arms to sub-
serve these ends ? Then where is the necessity
for passing this measure and distributing these
arms ?
Mr. President, it seems to me that the lead-
ing members of the Republican party in Con-
gress are determined that there shall be a con-
flict of arms. If they have decided positively
and absolutely that there shall be a conflict of
arms, they have determined to drive from the
polls enough of legal Democratic voters to
make it perfectly sure that their party shall
prevail in the elections in those southern
States. I cannot myself understand what other
object there is or can be in the distribution of
these arms, at this time, in the southern States.
Why, sir, this throwing all the States into a
general bill to make each of them the subject
of a distribution of arms is a mere guise, a
mere mask. If there was not an election
coming off this fall in the southern States I
have no idea that we ever should have heard of
this measure. It is unnecessary for any fail-
purpose, even under the reconstruction laws.
Will not these military commanders in the
southern States see to the interests of their
party ? Can we doubt that General Meade
will? What have we seen in relation to his
course recently? A murder occurred at a
negro bagnio. General Meade immediately
offered a reward of $20,000 for the purpose
of the detection of the murderers. Where
did lie get his authority to offer a reward of
$20,000 for the murderers of a man at a negro
bagnio ? The reconstruction laws clothe him
with no such power. The Rules and Articles
of War. so far as I understand them, clothe
him with no such power. The murderers of a
man who was murdered even in such a place,
I admit, should be punished ; but for a mili-
tary commander of one ot those departments
to send abroad in the public prints and on the
wings of the wind a reward of §20,000 for trie
purpose of detecting and punishing the mur-
derers of a man at such a place is certainly a
very extraordinary exercise of power.
Well, sir; what took place ? Many of the
most respectable men in the city of Columbus,
Georgia, were arrested by the order of this
military commander. They were permitted to
go upon their parole, upon their undertaking
that they would appear at Atlanta to answer
before a military commission for the crime of
the murder of this man. They went volun-
tarily to Atlanta, and surrendered themselves
into military custody, and forthwith they were
put in cells that were eight feet in length and
three feet in width, and with no opening except
in the top at this most extremely hot season of
the year. Those trials have been progressing.
The position of these men was changed by an
order from the President and Secretary of
War. They were still kept in close prison.
Their trials are now progressing to a close, and
I see it stated in one of the public newspapers
that it is demonstrated to the satisfaction of
all those who attend upon the trial or who read
the evidence that all the testimony that has
been advanced against them has been pro-
duced by perjury and subordination of perjury,
and that they are bound to be discharged. Sir,
this course of General Meade and this cruel
and unusual punishment ofiunocent men, upon
charge, before trial, and without any just
grounds to impute guilt against them, is one of
the remarkable features in the history of our
country at this day.
Does the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs intend, and do his
friends who pass such measures here design,
that there shall only be an illusion, a vain and
baseless hope held out to the white people of
the southern States of having an election even
according to the forms of the reconstruction
laws and of the governments that have been
framed in conformity to them? If this policy
is to be persevered in ; if these measures from
series to series are to be continued, how long
is it possible in human nature to avert again
the conflict of arms and the strife of civil war?
There is a point beyond which human endur-
ance is not possible. Men even subjugated
and reduced to the obedience that the rebels
are, may be driven to a point when despair
becomes the only impulse and force of human
will and of human soul, and when driven by
the extremity of their despair with the desper-
ation of men with no hope left in life they may
again strike to break the shackles that are now
pressing them so cruelly. It seems to me that
if it was the deliberate object and purpose of
men to force another conflict of arms, a war
between the races, the white and the black,
the measures which they are pressing from day
to day could not with more judgment be de-
vised to bring about that result.
Sir, I raise my protest against the passage of
this measure. I know it will not be heeded.
Men are drunk with power and intoxicated
Willi the dreams of power. They are wildly
caieeiing on in their way of unrestrained and
resistless power, in their own judgment. But
sir, there are great laws in human affairs that
cannot be always violated. These great and
lunaamental laws in the affairs of the people
j oi the South have long been trampled under
toot, and the step onward ceases not; it falls
heavier and faster upon that prostrate people
every day. Such a course of things cannot
continue forever. It must have an end. It
will have an end; and in proportion as it has
