134
SUPPLEMENT TO
Chief of the Army; and that is what he said
to General Emory. There is not even prob-
able cause to believe that he said it for any other
than the natural reason that General Emory
had introduced the subject, had asked leave to
call his attention tQ it, and evidently expected
and desired that the President should say some-
thing 011 the subject; and if lie said anything
was he not to tell the truth ? That is exactly
what he did say. I mean the truth as he ap-
prehended it. It will appear in proof, as I am
instructed, that the reason why the President
sent for General Emory was not that he might
endeavor to seduce that distinguished officer
from his allegiance to the laws and the Con-
stitution of his country, butbecausc he wished
to obtain information about military movements
which he was informed upon authority which
he had a right to and was bound to respect
might require his personal attention.
I pass, then, from this article, as being one
upon which I ought not to detain the Senate,
and I come to the last one, concerning which
I shall have much to say, and that is the tenth
article, which is all of and concerning the
speeches of the President.
In the front of this inquiry the question pre-
sents itself: What are impeachable offenses
under the Constitution of the United States?
Upon this question learned dissertations have
been written and printed. One of them is
annexed to the argument of the honorable
Manager who opened the cause for the prose-
cution. Another one on the other side of the
question, written by one of the honorable Man-
agers themselves, may be found annexed to the
proceedings in the House of Representatives
upon the occasion of the first attempt to im-
peach the President. And there have been
others written and published by learned jurists
touching this subject. I do not propose to vex
the ear of the Senate with any of the prece-
dents drawn from the Middle Ages. Theframers
of our Constitution were quite as familiar
with them as the learned authors of these
treatises, and the framers of our Constitution,
as I conceive, have drawn from them the les-
son which I desire the Senate to receive, that
these precedents are not fit to govern their
conduct on this trial.
In my apprehension, the teachings, the re-
quirements, the prohibitions of the Constitu-
tion of the United States prove all that is
necessary to be attended to for the purposes
of this trial. I propose, therefore, instead of
a search through the precedents which were
made in the times of the Plantagenets, the
Tudors, and the Stuarts, and which have been
repeated since, to come nearer home and see
what provisions of the Constitution of the
United States bear on this question, and whether
they are not sufficient to settle it. If they are
it is quite immaterial what exists elsewhere.
My first position is, that when the Constitu-
tion speaks of "treason, bribery, and other
high crimes and misdemeanors" it refers to,
and includes only, high criminal offenses against
the United States, made so by some law of the
United States existing when the acts com-
plained of were done; and I say that this is
plainly to be inferred from each and every pro-
vision of the Constitution on the subject of
impeachment.
"Treason" and ''bribery." Nobody will
doubt that these are here designated high
crimes and misdemeanors against the United
States, made such by the laws of the United
States, which the framers of the Constitu-
tion know must be passed in the nature of the
Government they were about to create, be-
cause these are offenses which strike at the
existence of that Government—" other high
eiimes and misdemeanors." Noscitur a sod i s.
High crimes and misdemeanors ; so high that
they belong in this company with treason and
bribery- That is plain on the face of the Con-
stitution : in the very first step it takes on the
subject of impeachment. " High crimes and
misdemeanors" against what law? Therecan
be no crime, there can be no misdemeanor
without a law, written or unwritten, express
or implied. There must be some law ; other-
wise there is no crime. My interpretation of
it is that the language "high crimes and mis-
demeanors" means " offenses against the laws
of the United States." Let us see if the Con-
stitution has not said so.
The first clause of the second section of the
second article of the Constitution reads thus:
" The President of the United States shall
have the power to grant reprieves and pardons
for offenses against the United States, except
in cases of impeachment." " Offenses against
the United States" would include " cases of
impeachment," and they might be pardoned
by the President if they were not excepted.
Then cases of impeachment are, 'according to
the express declaration of the Constitution
itself, cases of offenses against the United
States.
Still, the learned Manager says that this is
not a court, and that, whatever may be the
character of this body, it is bound by no law.
Very different was the understanding of the
fathers of the Constitution on this subject.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Will you state
where it was I said it was bound by no law?
Mr. STANBERY. " A law unto itself."
Mr. Manager BUTLER. "No common or
statute law " was my language.
Mr. C URTIS. 1 desire to refer to the sixty-
fourth number of the I?ederalist, which is found
in Dawson's edition, on page 453:
"The remaining powers which the plan of the
Convention allots to the Senate, in a distinct capa-
city, are comprised in their participation with the Ex-
ecutive in tho appointment to offices, and in their
judicial character as a court for thetrial of impeach-
ments, as in the business of appointments theExecu-
tivo will be the principal agent, the provisions relat-
ing to it will most properly be discussed in the
examination of that department. Wewill therefore
conclude this head with a view of the judicial
eharactcr of the Senate."
And then it is discussed. The next position
to which I desire the attention of the Senate
is, that there is enough written in the Consti-
tution to prove that this is a court in which a
judicial trial is now being carried ou. "The
Senate of the United States shall have the
sole power to try all impeachments.'' ' 'When
the President is tried the Chief Justice shall
preside." The trial of all crimes, except in
case of impeachment, shall be by jury. This,
then, is the trial of a crime. You are the
triers, presided over by the Chief Justice of
the United States in this particular case, and
that on the express words of the Constitution.
There is also, according to its express words,
to be an acquittal or a conviction on this trial
for a crime. " No person shall be convicted
without the concurrence of two thirds of the
members present." There is also to be a
judgment in case there shall be a conviction.
" Judgment in cases of impeachment shall not ex-
tend further than removal from ofKco and disquali-
fication to hold any oflicc of honor, trust, or profit
under the United States."
Here, then, there is the trial of a crime, a
trial by a tribunal designated by the Constitu-
tion in place of court and jury, a conviction,
if guilt is proved, a judgment on that convic-
tion, a punishment inflicted by the judgment for
a crime; and this on the express terms of the
Constitution itself. And yet, say the honora-
ble Managers, there is no court to trj'the crime
and no law by which the uct is to be judged.
The honorable Manager interrupted me to say
that he qualified that expression of no law ;
his expression was "no common or statute
law." Well, when you get out of that field
you are in a limbo, a vacuum, so far as law is
concerned, to the best of my knowledge and
belief.
I say, then, that it is impossible not to come
to the conclusion that the Constitution of the
United States has designated impeacHfeble
offenses as offenses against the United States,
that it has provided for the trial of those
offenses, that it has established a tribunal for
the purpose of trying them, that it has directed
the tribunal m case of conviction to pronounce
a judgment upon the conviction and inflict a
punishment. All this being provided for, can
it be maintained that this is not a court, or
that it is bound by no law?
But the argument does not rest mainly,
I think, upon the provisions of the Constitu-
tion concerning impeachment. It is, at any
rate, vastly strengthened by the direct pro-
hibitions of the Constitution. " Congress shall
pass no bill of attainder or ex post facto law."
According to that prohibition of the Constitu-
tion, if every member of this body sitting in its
legislative capacity and every member of the
other body sitting in its legislative capacity,
should unite in passing a law to punish an act
after the act was done, that law would be a
mere nullity. Yet what is claimed by the hon-
orable Managers in behalf of members of this
body? As a Congress you cannot create a law
to punish these acts if no law existed at the
time they were done; but sitting here as judges,
not only after the fact but while tho case is
on trial, you may individually, each one of
you, create a law by himself to govern the case.
According to this assumption the same Con-
stitution which has made it a bill of rights of
the American citizen, not only as against Con-
gress but as against the Legislature of every
State in the Union, that no ex post facto law
shall be passed—this same Constitution has
erected you into a body and empowered every
one of you to say aut inveniam aut faciarn
viam: if I cannot find a law I will make one.
Nay, it has clothed every one of you with im-
perial power; it has enabled you to say, sic
volo, sic jubeo, stat pro ratione voluntas : I
am a law unto myself, by which law I shall
govern this ease. And, more than that, when
each one of you before he took his place
here called God to witness that he would ad-
minister impartial justice in this case accord-
ing to the Constitution and the laws, he meant
such laws as he might make as he went along.
The Constitution, which had prohibited any-
body from making such laws, he swore to ob-
serve but he also swore to be governed by his
own will; his own individual will was the law
which he thus swore to observe; and this spe-
cial provision of the Constitution that when
the Senate sits in this capacity to try an im-
peachment the Senators shall be on oath means
merely that they shall swear to follow their
own individual wills 1 I respectfully submit
this view cannot consistently and properly lie
taken of the character of this body or of the
duties and powers incumbent upon it.
Look for a moment, if you please, to the
other provision. This same search into the
English precedents, so far from having made
our ancestors who framed and adopted the
Constitution in love with them, led them to
put into the Constitution a positive and abso-
lute prohibition against any bill of attainder.
What is a bill of attainder? It, is a case
before the Parliament where the Parliament
make the law for the facts they find. Each
legislator (for it is in their legislative capa-
city they act, not in a judicial one) is, to use
the phrase of the honorable Managers, "a law
unto himself;" and according to his discre-
tion, his views of what is politic or proper
under the circumstances, he frames a law to
meet the case and enacts it or votes in its
enactment. According to the doctrine now
advanced bills of attainder are not prohibited
by this Constitution; they are only slightly
modified. It is only necessary for the House
of Representatives by a majority to vote an
impeachment and send up certain articles and
have_ two thirds of this body vote in favor of
conviction, and there is an attainder; and it
is done by the same process and depends on
identically^ the same principles as a bill of
attainder in the English Parliament. The
individual wills of the legislators, instead of
the conscientious discharge of the duty of the
judges, settle the result.
I submit, then, Senators, that this view of
the honorable Managers of the duties and
powers of this body cannot be maintained.
But the attempt made by the honorable Man-
agers to obtain a conviction upon this tenth
article is attended with some peculiarities
