2192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
Mr. COCKLING. ^ I now move that when
the Senate adjourn it be to meet at eleven
o'clock on Monday.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest ten o'clock.
Mr. CONKLINGr. That is too early.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that it be ten
o'clock. I think that with a view to the pub-
lic interests an additional hour only will not
be enough.
Mr. CONKLINGr. Allow me to suggest that
there is half an hour under the rule. Half
past twelve is the time for the other business.
By meeting at eleven we shall have a morning
hour and half an hour besides. I do not think
the Senate will bo willing to come as early as
ten o'clock, and therefore I say eleven.
Mr. SUMNER. There need be no commit-
tee meetings on Monday. 1 think it better that
we should come at ten o'clock.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I would suggest to the
Senator making this motion that the House of
Representatives must first act on this question
before it can come to us again. If we shall
meet at an early hour on Monday we shall gain
nothing. Besides, under our rules, every day,
even though we should sit upon the impeach-
ment, there will be a session of the Senate on
the adjournment of the court, and we can go
on with this subject in the afternoon.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to
make an inquiry whether I am right in sup-
posing that the bill which has just now been
disposed of has been informally before the
Senate, so that the naval appropriation bill
will be the regular order for Monday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Yes, sir.
The naval appropriation bill is now regularly
before the Senate; but the ponding motion is
that when the Senate adjourns it be to meet on
Monday morning at eleven o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask if a message has
gone to the other House announcing our action
on _ the manufacturers' bill. The House is
waiting for the message.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ate ordered another committee of conference to
be appointed but did not say how it should be
appointed. How shall it be appointed? ["By
the Chair."] If there be no objection the Chair
will appoint the committee. It will consist of
Mr. Shurmas, Mr. Howk, and Mr. Morton.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust that as I was on
the other committee I shall be relieved. It is
not usual to put a member situated as I am
upon a second committee. I voted in the
minority.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the
Senate excuse the Senator from Ohio. f'Ko!"
"No!"]
IIOUU OF MEETING.
Mr. NYE. If it is in order, I wish to sub-
mit a motion to take up a bill.
Mr. CONKLINGr. What has become of the
privileged motion in reference to the order of
meeting on Monday?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to inquire whether
that is a privileged question, or, indeed, whether
it is in orderat all, as the rules fix twelve o'clock
as the hour of meeting.
rI he PRESIDENT pro tempore. A motion is
in order to fix any hour for the meeting. The
Senator from New York moves that when the
Senate adjourn to-day it adjourn to meet at '
eleven o'clock on Monday.
Mr. SCJMNER. I move to amend that by
making the hour ten o'clock.
JOHNSON. I hope not. In all human
probability we shall bo kept here until five or i
six orseven o'clock on Monday; and to meet
at ten is rather taxing us too much.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from New
York, that, when the Senate adjourn to-day it
be to meet at eleven o'clock on Monday.
'The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiiersox, its Clerk, announced
tliat the Speaker of the House had signed the
enrolled joint resolution (H. 11. No. 19) re-
quiring certain moneys of the United States
to be paid into the Treasury, and for other
purposes ; and it was signed by the President
pro tempore.
POLITICAL DISABILITIES OF R. It. BUTLER.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill for the
relief of Mr. Butler, of the House of Repre-
sentatives, a bill which we ought to act upon.
It was up some dayis ago, and I presume every
member of the Senate can understand it with-
out explanation. It is important that the Sen-
ate should decide one way or the other in
reference to it. He is a member-elect to the
House of Representatives, and the case ought
to be disposed of. Let us take it up and act
on it this evening. We can act on it I think
in a few minutes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senate
is disposed to proceed with business, I want
to finish the naval appropriation bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator from
Maine will not interpose the appropriation bill
to-night. The reason I ask to call up Mr.
Butler's bill is to get it out of the way of the
Senator's bill. It is a matter that ought to be
decided.
Mr. BUCKALEW. _ When the bill to which
the Senator from Illinois alludes was up before,
I had the floor, and had proceeded part of the
way with my remarks upon it when I gave way
to a motion made by the Senator from Ohio to
take up a lax bill, I think. Now, whenever
that measure is taken up 1 desire to conclude
my remarks upon it. I do not suppose the
Senate will care to hear me to-night.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Illinois moves to take up the bill
(II. R. No. 870) to remove political disabil-
ities from Roderick R. Butler, of Tennessee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
from Illinois wishes to proceed with the con-
sideration of that bill at the present moment,
I will not object to laying aside informally the
regular order before the Senate to oblige him,
but I do not wish to have it displaced.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is what I desire.
I do not wish to postpone the appropriation
bill, but I want action on this measure. If the
Senate will allow this to come up and be dis-
posed of, I shall be very glad.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no objec-
tion that the regular order should be laid aside
informally to do that thing.
The PRESIDENT pro tempo re. The ques-
tion is on taking up the bill for consideration.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that the Sen-
ate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to—ayes eight,
noes not counted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now I propose
that the special order be laid aside informally,
that the bill of the Senator from Illinois may
be taken up.
Mr. TIENDRTCKS. What is it?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Ithasbeen
proposed to lay aside informally the naval
appropriation bill for the purpose of taking up
the bill mentioned by the Senator from Illi-
nois. No objection being made, that bill is
before the Senate, .and it will be read.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not think we
understand in my neighborhood how the busi-
ness stands. I do not understand that there
lias been any vote on the motion of the Senator
from Illinois.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir; the
question was on laying aside the regular order
informally to allow the bill to come up.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There is no such
motion as to do anything informally.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. It can be
done by unanimous consent, and in no other
way.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is not given.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I make a motion
to lay aside the regular order for the purpose ji
of proceeding with this bill, and I give notice lj
that I will vote to take up the appropriation ||
bill as soon as it is through, and I hope ray
friend from Maine will allow us to get it up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
referred to by the Senator from Illinois is up.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to know
how it got up.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. It was taken
up bj the Senate, and it will_ now be read.
The Secretary read the title of the bill, as
follows:
A bill (H. R. No. 870) to remove political
disabilities from Roderick B. Butler, of Ten-
nessee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. When this
bill was last under consideration as in Commit-
tee of the Whole the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Buckalew] moved to amend the
amendment reported by the_ Committee on the
Judiciary, by striking out in line twelve the
words "Constitution or;" so as toread, "any
disabilities imposed by the acts of Congress
known as the reconstruction acts."
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I shall
address the Senate at some inconvenience from
the fact that the papers which I had prepared
for the further debate of this question are not
at hand. However, sir, I will go on as well as
1 can and submit the additional remarks which
I propose to make upon this measure before
the Senate shall formally determine it.
When tins bill was up before I pointed out
the differences which existed between it and
the case of Senator Patterson, of the same
State, of Tennessee, from which this claimant
comes, and I endeavored to show that in his
case there were grounds for a much stronger
appeal for removing or dispensing with a por-
tion of what is known as the test-oath, the
oath provided by an act of July 2. Inu2 : and
I commented with some degree of earnestness,
though with no ill-feeling, upon the conduct
of the House in these two cases. Whereas in
that former case, when we sent a bill to them
asking them to dispense with so much of the
oath as by some gentlemen was supposed to
interfere with the admission of Senator Pat-
terson", and sent itto them under circumstances
that strongly appealed to their equity and to
their courtesy also, they flatly and strongly re-
fused to dispense with any portion of the
oath; after which the Senate, upon further
consideration, permitted Senator Patikuson
to take the oath in its entirety, which he did.
and became a member of the Senate. I: was
then declared in the House by a Representa-
tive from Tennessee, who. I understand, is very
anxious for the adoption of the present meas-
ure. that he would freeze in h;s seat before he
would assent to dispensing wiili a iv p- rtii>u
of that otlieial oath in the case til anv' t;n*niisf_*r
proposed for admission to the Coninv-ss or' the
United States. I he House of Representatives
refused our request; they rejected the bill
which we sent to them, and they said, and said
strongly, that this oath' should not be relaxed :
that it should remain a general lule upon our
statute-book, and should be enforced inaiieases
that might arise.
Now, sir, we have before us a bill pronesie^
to dispense with the oath in the ease <>f V. -eu^
tie man claiming membership in the IRmse
trom the same State of Tennessee, a-'ainst
whose admission to that House, as apm-ars
by the report upon his case, there i* much
stronger objection than could be urged or was
urged against the admission of Senator I\rrr«-
sox here This gentleman was a member of
the Legislature of lennessee at the W of
secession: he remained a member of that
Legislature for a considerable time after.vard -
he voted for various bills passed bv that Le<do'
lature intended to aid the rebellion and'to
encourage it. u
^ Mr.FUELINGHUYSEN. I would s,,^
jo the Senator from Pennsylvania and tuTh,.
Senate, as it is getting late, whether it would
not be as we! tor him to continue ins remarks
on Monday at eleven o clock, if agreeable ...
him, and that we now adjourn
Mi BUCKALEW. As to that. I confer™
myself to the pleasure of the Senate. 1 beg™
