3216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
bers to an extent unparalleled in the history of civ-
ilized communities in timesot'peaco, and which, if not
speedily arrested, must result in the destruction of
social order.
2. Resolved, That if protection is not speedily pro-
vided in some form by the national Government to
the loyal and law-abiding citizens of Toxas they
will be compelled, in the exercise of the sacred right
of self-defense, to organize for their own protection.
3. JCesUved, That this convention have full confi-
dence in Brevet Major General J. J. Reynolds, com-
mander of the district of Texas, and that to the
extent of the means placed at his disposal he will
give protection and preserve peace.
E. J. DAVIS,,
President Convention.
lion. B. F. Wade,
President of the United States Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. What order
■will the Senate take ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the commu-
nication be referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUSE HILL KEFKRKED.
The bill (H. R. No. 1275) relating to the
Alexandria canal, was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
NATIONAL BANKS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
(S. No. 440) supplementary to an act entitled
"An act to provide a national currency secured
by a pledge of United States bonds, and to
provide lor the circulation and redemption
thereof'," approved June 3, 1864, is now before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
The pending question is ou the motion of the
Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cameron,] to
strike out the first section of the bill, and on
this question the Senator from Rhode island
[Mr. Sprague] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I venture to suggest,
Mr. President, that this day after one o'clock
was set apart by special resolution for the con-
sideration of bills from the Committee ou
Pensions.
'Ihe PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
true: but that order is superseded by the
unfinished business of yesterday according to
our rules, and it will require a motion to take
up the pension bills.
Mr. CONKHNG. I hope the honorable
Senator from West Virginia will not interpose
his motion until the houorable Senator from
Rhode island shall have concluded the remarks
in the midst of which he was found when one
o'clock arrived.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I shall not call for
the regular order until the close of his remarks.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Mr. President, 1 stated
it as my belief that the provision of this bill as
reported from the Committee on Finance would
in effect contract the currency to the amount
of the reserve, because it would be manifestly
unjust to require a country bank to keep a
deposit to redeem its bills at any other place
than its own counter; and if that amount was
kept in its own vaults it would, to the extent of
that amount, be a curtailing of the capital now
employed in the business of the country, for
the reason that the deposits which are now
made to redeem the circulation of these na-
tional banks are employed, not perhaps in the
business operations of the country, but in the
business of bankers ; and if they do not have
this amount with which to do their banking
they will withdraw from the ordinary business
of the country an amount equivalent to it.
I hope I have been able to make myself under-
stood. I believe that will be the practical
result of the operation.
Mr. President, it is immaterial to the busi-
ness interests of this country what legislation
you pass, how much you may agitate matters
of finance, when you arrive at the condition
when a dollar in paper is equal to a dollar in
gold. When that time comes I will unite with
the Senator from Ohio and vote for as many
hundreds of millions of circulation as you can
count in a day, to be given to any body that
will purchase and deposit United States bonds
as security for its payment; and 1 have no
doubt that the Senator from Vermont will
unite with me in that proposition. The circu-
lation of Rhode Island, now $13,000,000 of
national currency, would in that event not
amount, in my judgment, to more than two or
three million dollars. It would, in fact, go
back to the old condition of things when we in
New England could hardly keep in circulation
more than ten or fifteen per cent, of our capital.
Sir, I should not be doing justice to or prop-
erly representing my constituency did I not
raise my voice in protest against the act of the
Senate of yesterday, when, in my judgment, a
solemn contract was violated. 1 remember
well in the beginning of this war when the
people of my State, in common with the people
of the whole country, were called upon to de-
fend the flag and to sustain the institutions of
the country. I remember well the difficulty
that existed in obtaining money to carry on
the war. I remember well the scheme that
was put out by the then Secretary of the Treas-
ury to capture aud sequester and obtain pos-
session of the banking capital of the country.
I remember well the proposition that he made
with a view to that end, which is the present
national banking system of the country. Sen-
ators must nottorgct that the national banking
system of this country has performed that part
in establishing this Government which con-
tributes money for the payment of your soldiery
and for the purchase of your supplies. You
took from Rhode Island every dollar, or nearly
every dollar, that is now represented by the
national banking capital there, and instead of
our former system we now have the national
system. Was that interest ours then? Did
that belong to the people of that State, or did
it belong to the national Government to do
with it as it pleased ? It was thought by the
people of that State that that interest was their
own, and that they contributed it to the Gov-
ernment of the United States for the purpose
of carrying on the war, aud took in lieu of it
that which they now possess, and which by yes-
terday's vote you propose to deprive them of.
I hope, sir, that it will not be in my time
that the people of this country will again be
called upon to defend the flag of the nation,
if they shall be, I have no doubt that they will
respond as they have done before; but I hope
that those who are then the leaders of the
people will forget this instance of breach 'of
contract so that in that time when a solemn
obligation is entered into the people of that
day will believe that it will be saeredly and
fully carried out. I have no regret to express
on this point, except in that view of the case,
in regard to which my regret is as great as I
have words to express it. My judgment is that
this is but the beginning of the end, and that
the people of Rhode island and the rest of
New England, and all those who h%ve taken
so much of your national securities, had better
take warning and alarm at this exhibition of
ingratitude and injustice. We have taken our
full share of the national securities, and now
the sooner we dispose of them the better, it
would seem from this action.
If 1 had my way, I would suspend all further
agitation of the question of finance during the
year. Our business operations arenow cairied
oil upon the basis of paper thirty or forty per
cent, below par. Every variation from that,
whether it be thirty-five or forty-five, and every
agitation of the question, affects prices, affects
enterprise, affects the operations of business
and the labor of the country to that extent.
There is no interest, unless it may be the agri-
cultural interest, for the time being, that is in
any way affected favorably by the present con-
dition of things, unless the banking interest.
The latter are able at once to change their
securities, whereas men engaged in permanent
business, who are obliged to make their invest-
ments for a year in advance, are unable to
conform themselves and are unable to conform
their business operations to the changing sys-
tem of legislation. I venture to express the
wish that all measures relating to the finances
of the country be suspended lor this year, and
I have viewed with satisfaction the several
motions made to lay this bill on the table. I
did so from this fact, which I think will strike
every Senator with favor when it is considered:
that the honorable Senator from Ohio is advo-
cating the policy of increasing the cuculation,
and the late chairman of the Committee on
Finance is advocating a po icy of contraction,
two lending minds in this bodyhave opposite
and contrary views. In my judgment, the
views of both are erroneous, ihe past year,
ending the 31st of December last, considering
the amount of business that was done by the
people of the country, was, perhaps, the most
disastrous of any year in our history. It was
brought about by that system of contraction
the Senator from Maine advocates so strenu-
°Ulfy'we had a standard value upon which to
carry on our business, and that value was rec-
ognized by the world, there would be ample
banking facilities for all the purposes ot legiti-
mate business. It is not for the waut of bank-
ing capital that the West is in such a conui-
tion to-day as to demand an increase of circu-
lation, but it is in consequence ot theeharacter
of that banking; it is in consequence of the
material that is used, or that we are obliged to
use, in carrying on the business of the country,
that every withdrawal of it or any increase of
its quantity affects injuriously all interests.
There mo ;t be steadiness and permanency
somewhere in every business operation ; and
whatever tends to disturb and unsettle is in-
jurious.
The policy of the Senator from Ohio would
be to increase the issues of the national cur-
rency; he would send a larger quantity of the
national currency into the market, which would
in effect practically tend to a greater depreci-
ation, because there is more of it than can be
used legitimately or than will be used legiti-
mately in the practical business of life. This
course adds to the already large sums collected
in the various cities for the purposes of stock
operations.
The Senator from Kentucky and the Senator
from Michigan desire more banking capital or
currency for their States, and the Senator from
Kentucky has succeeded in withdrawing that
amount from Rhode Island. There is not a
bank in Rhode Island that loans its money in
any other way than to carry on some factory
or other. The result of the action taken by
the Senate is of course that these institutions
must find capital in some other quarter for the
purpose of carrying on their business. Bui,
sir, it is a remarkable fact that Rhode Island,
in carrying on her business, is constantly and
almost invariably obliged to go into the" New
York market for the purpose of procuring
circulation with which to pay her labor. Our
present bank bills are not in fact or in effect
circulation ; they do not go back to the banks
that issue them ; they remain in the hands of
those who collect them for purposes of specu-
lation, and are readily bought by the banks
for their customers to be used by those custom-
ers in paying for the labor they employ. Ken-
tucky and Michigan, therefore, will come to
the various centers of money if they want this
circulation, and will buv it as we in Rhode
Island buy ours. All that will be obtained by
this movement will be a little more interest as
a compensation for the amount that is with-
drawn ; the sum withdrawn from Rhode Island
and Massachusetts and Connecticut will be
given to Michigan and Kentucky and other
btates, and they will derive nothing but the
interest on that amount. They will be cur-
tailing the operations of the manufacturers in
JNew England, and will do themselves no good ;
they will not build up one institution oi that
character in their Slates, and this money will
be used either to keep up or depreciate the
price of stocks.
A proposition made here to debase the com
ot the country would be looked upon by every
reasonable mind with dissatisfaction and with
disgust; but a proposition to issue a dollar in
currency, winch requires eventual payment of
a dollar in gold, is to that extent a debase-
ment of the currency. You issue a debased
