1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
been pressed with extreme, vengeful, savage
injustice and power, will be the recoil.
Mr. President, I have not even read the
measure that is under debate. I have not had
the opportunity to read it. I did not know-
that it wag to be brought up this evening. If
I had I should have devoted a few minutes to
its examination, and to understand it as well
as I could; but I have not had that oppor-
tunity. There has been a haste, a want of due
deliberation, a want of respect for opposing
political opinions and views in the legislation
of this Congress beyond anything that I ever
dreamed of; and the informal and hurried
manner in which the present bill has been
brought up, and the precipitate manner in
which it is urged forward, is still an aggrava-
tion of that course of measures.
I know that I cannot get time to examine
this measure. That has been demonstrated.
The decree has gone forth that the measure
must pass ; it cannot and shall not wait. The
supposed exigencies of party are too strong,
too imperative to permit any pause. In the
Senate of the United States men who repre-
sent States whose populations are almost wholly
opposed to the measures of the majority here,
crying in vain for an opportunity to examine
these measures, for time to consider them, to
think upon them, to summon up their objec-
tions against them, to array these objections
and the reasons upon which they oppose thein
before the country. All this appeal is heeded
not. Power, insatiable power, heedless of
justice and reason, presses forward, and with
inexorable fate passes measure after measure,
the whole purpose of which is to enthrall and
to enslave nearly one third of the white people
of the United States.
Mr. President, I wish I could make a pro-
test of sufficient power and strength against
the enormity of this precipitate injustice, but
with any amount of deliberation and reflection
which 1 could give it I would be very inade-
quate to the task, but called up in this late and
hurried hour of the session, and of the day I
feel wholly incompetent to express the con-
demnation which my mind and my soul feels,
and would desire to express against the passage
of this measure.
Mr. liOWAHD. Mr. President, it has been
the practice of the Government from the earliest
periods to distribute from time to time among
the States arms for the protection and use of
the States in such numbers as have been settled
from time to time by the law. Itis no novelty
in the history of the Government: and X can-
not therefore understand why it is that the
honorable Senator from Kentucky has taken
such alarm upon the subject. I see no occa-
sion for alarm whatever. I see no occasion for
these indignant bursts of eloquence in which
the honorable Senator has indulged.
N ow, sir. what can we afford to do in regafd
to the distribution of arms in the States'.''
Have we en band a surplus of arms for oar-
selves more thmi is necessary iur the use of
the Government at the present time? That
seems to be the simple question to be solved ;
and in order to aid Senators in forming an
opinion on the subject, 1 beg to state a few
facts in regard to the arms we now have on
hand.
The number of cannon which are marked
as ''serviceable'' now belonging to the United i
States is twelve thousand six hundred and nine-
ty-five. Of these thirty-nine hundred and tvven- 1
ty-live are field pieces, seventy-seven hundred \
and torty-three siege and garrison and sea-coast
guns, and one thousand and twenty-nine mor- i
tais. The total number of serviceable nlies, '
muskets, and carbines now owned by the Uui- :
ted States is one million four hundred and ;
ninety thousand one hundred and ninety-eight, j.
The whole number of muskets, and carbines i
which is proposed to be distributed by the bill I
now before the Senate, according to the state- lj
inentof tb.e SeinUorfroni Massachusetts, would
be about ts>o hundred and fifty thousand. The .
simple quest.ion for the Senate is whether the II
40Til Com 2d S'iiSrf.—No. 2G6.
United States can spare this number of mus-
kets, <£c., to the States. I think there is no
doubt about that. Why should we keep them
on hand when we have no use for them, and
are not likely to have any use until there is
another war. And nobody but the enemies
of the country, or those who are in quest of
adventure or disorder or insurrection, have
the slightest occasion to be afraid of the use
of these arms. They will go into the hands
of the States, and there they will be preserved,
to be used only as occasion may require. I
speak in reference to all the States, the in-
surrectionary States as well as those which
are not insurrectionary. It is a simple ques-
tion of the accommodation of the States in
reference to arms. Can we spare these arms
to the States? I think we can without incom-
moding ourselves in the slightest degree.
Mr. WTLLEY. Mr. President, the Sena-
tor from Kentucky assumes the ground thatthe
purpose of the ninth section of this bill is
wholly to influence the coming election.
Mr. DAVIS. The immediate object.
Mr. WILLBY. That there is in point of
fact no necessity for an organization of the
militia in the southern States, and that the
object and purpose designed by what he calls
this hasty measure, is simply to influence the
result of the coming election. Now, Mr.
President, I believe there arc more United
States forces in Texas than in any other State.
The Senator says that the United States troops
now in the southern States are amply sufficient
to maintain order, to preserve the peace, to
secure the lives and liberty of the people of
that section. I had placed in my hands this
morning an authentic copy of an official report
made before the convention now sitting in
Texas, published by authority of that conven-
tion over the signature of seven of its mem-
bers, headed by that of Judge Caldwell, whose
name needs no indorsement here or elsewhere,
a man of intelligence and integrity; and 1 pro-
pose, in reply to the argument ot the Senator
trom Kentucky, and to show that the purpose
oi this bill is not what he declares it to be, to
read a few short extracts from thai report, and
I respectfully solicit the attention of Senators
toil. It is not a newspaper report j it is an
authentic official renoit, beating the sanction
ot the constitutional comenfion of the State.
The report says:
" In our statistics we have not embraced assaults
with intent to kill, rapes, robberies*, whipping oi'
freedmen, and other outrage, many ot' whicn are
tound to be most cruel and wanton; such a summa-
tiun would impose an almost endless w&k. Y 'oii<tvc |
directed oar investigations to the homicide com- j
mated during the period of time interwniny be- !
i..ecu the close ot the rebellion and the i&l ot June, |
ju->ur>; and, iiom the three sources oi niibxinaiioii i
we present the ioilowmg totalities oi j
hoi;:u-ides m Texas:
Whites, I'rcedmcii. Total, j
K 'led in lfc'33  30 oS 77 i
k- iicii m ]•- /.  7o 72 1-i- :
Killed 'it i.-v, 105 :'.oi !
Juii' U iii I-'mm  IVI ld3 ot'-i 1
"ion. i'ijknown  21 4<j
U: unknown ia.ee  - - '±0 .
Toi.u   .... 470 4_'-J WiJ ,
making;* c.> land toul ol nine hundred and thirty- '
nun.' homicides committed in Texas since the eon- j
ciusion ut tiie war, J une, li>0o, to J uae i, IbdS, lnclad- i
nig 2i lew cas^ easualiy leported in tne picaont i
mouth, ihi- givco an average o± uiree hundredand ]
thiileei: pei ear. f
" Oi thoe nine hundred and thirty-lime homicides ,
theie weie: !
i>> whiles—401 whites, o73 freeunien  SJO |
Jjy lreedmen—10 white*. 48 lreedmen  58
And by parties whose nice i> unknown  4.6 ]
"Now, incomplete as they are, these injures tell a ;
Irigiitiui story oi oloed. Tnoy lepiesuit suiWnn <
lacts, which cannot be suppiest-od oy denial* m Oy ,
denouncing them as fabric.!ted lor politic il effect.
And whoever attempts it is not onlv\ uhtauniuito
history, not only au apologist fwi ennui, b.u nn.y 1
he ju^-iiy charged au acu?e>^^iy to ihe Viiekcd- (
nes.- Uscii. as eucoaragirg and abetting murder- ■
ers, and us equally giuuy vnrh them. We cium-n ,
shut our eyes upon tuece appading _uencv si blood-
shed; ;uid loste id oi alKmpm ^ to e >nc.e C r':em it
becomes u.-> lo lace them honestly, and ad<'.^> our- ^
seive.< to (tie duty oi Ui^ovtn iug tne cause^and
h a.njj iho i ecpoiisibimy ci tu^a ■siauiiitei of or.r
fellow-caucus."
I shall not go into a recital of the causes I
I will read a few further
here alleged, Wit
extracts;
44 There is absolute freedom of speech in very few
localities in Texas. Union men due not generally
avow their political convictions. -Jr. many places
they can hold juifelic meetings only when supported
by troops or armed men; and in many others they
dare not hold them at all. In several instances their
assemblies have been broken up and fired upon, and
their speakers ordered todesist. The dominant rebel
element will not tolerate free discussiorn
We have been challenged to produce cases of
Union men and ireedmen being persecuted for that*
loyalty. We nwwdo so. JudgeBlack was a Repub-
lican—-he was murdered in 1867 in Uvalde county by
a rebel. Milton Biggs was a Union man, and had
been appointed county judge of Blanco county—he
was murdered in 1867, while plowing in his field, be-
lorelie could qualify. Judge Christian, a loyal maa
of Bell county, was pursued into Missouri and mur-
dered by a purty of rebel?. Mr. Wade and seven
, other gentlemen were killed in Lamar county last
j year lor their "Unionism. Four men were recently
muidered m tl e county of Hunt, and six in Bell
county, for their loyalty. Within the present month
thecounty judge and thcdistrictclerkof Kuntcouuty
have been driven from their homes and compelled
to fly for their lives because of their unyielding at-
tachment to tho Government. Hundreds of loyal
men to our knowledge are at this time forsaking
their homes in Texas, fleeing from the assassin, forced
away by rebel intolerance. And we here put it to
record that honorable members of this convention
are to-day exiles from their firesides and dare not
return to their families, lor the only reason that they
will not forswear their principles. Now, while it
remains true that the Union men of Texas consti-
tute a very small proportion of the white population,
and while it is true that they are being killed by
rebels, is it impossible to escape the conclusion thafc
they are killed for their Unionism. In other words,
if they were rebels they would not be killed.
" And when wc eomo to examine the persecutions
suffered by the freed people, tho mass of testimony is
so overwhelming that no man of candor can for a
moment question the statement that they are, in
very many parts of the State, wantonly maltreated
and slain, simply because they are free, and claim to
exercise the rights of freemen. Some months ago,
in Panolacounty, a party ofwhitcs rode up to acabin
wherein some freed people were dancing, and delib-
erately tired upon them, killing four, one a woman,
and seriously wounding several others, In 1867, in
DeWitt county, a white man met a black man riding,
and asked him what he was going to do with the
whip he held in his hand, and on being answered,
'nothing,' shot tho freedman,killing him instantly.
In thecounty of h'ort Bend, last year, a white man
was riding through town, and on seeing a negro mau
standing on the steps of tho office of too Frcedmen's
Bureau, he drew his revolver and shot him dead.
The criminal had never seen or spoken to theireed-
inan before. In Newton county, 1807, ;i white man
met a colored man driving a team ; the former made
the lrcedman get out of his wagon, and then shot
him seven times in cold blood, in h'ort Bend county,
same ycai, the freed people were holding a fair to
procure funds to finish their church, and while they
were singing a hymn, two white men rode by and
tired their pistols into the church. In October, 1807,
a white man was traveling in Grayson county and met
a freedman; after passinghimafew yards,ho turned
and fired upon him, hitting in the back. The freed-
man died in a few hours; ho had noc spoken a word
to the murderer—had never seeu him before. But a
few days ago a pjrty of white men assaulted the j'am-
i lly of an unoilending freedman in JLTolls county, kill-
! ing one and dangerously wouadimr a not her treedman.
In the same county a lew weeks ago two armed white
I men, in open day, went to the house ot aeolorci
i man, and without any provocation raurdeied him.
Soon nf'er this, a white man, in the fcame neighbor-
hood, rode up to two freeumen, and„ wituout any
known cause, shot one of Them dead and hie d at the
other. Last week the colored registrar in Burleson
county was found murdered; andm J anur.ry last tho
colored registrar ot Milam county was called to his
dooi at night and shot. And so the bloody story
runs."
And I read on ad 'tiaubcam instances
of men seizing black women, cutting their
cars olf, and letting them run; and yet tho
Senator from Kentucky tells us that there is no
need of an armed militia in Texas; that the
United States troops are there in numbers and
power sufficient to keep the peace: and this
report shows that out of these nine hundred
and thirty-niue murderers not thirty-nine of
them have ever been attempted to bo made
amenable to the civil law, running this Jay at
large.
Mr. SIT Ell ',1AM. Has any o .' Wen pun-
ished at all /
Mr. Y\ LJ T-'^Y. Not a si';g'o one ;hai X
know of. Arvvf. air. I think it ij t'nie to arru
the miliiia, tu arm the <>f order
they may put down thes^ ^Te^.i'ies are
rm-uin^ il.ro! J the hmd iu the-v :
vm\ there are many men who we?e
the rebellion, many men who were reocu u^j
desire to hava arms tor their own piotcdiOw
