1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3217
currency when you issue any paper not based
upon a settled, known, understood value ; and
that value must be a standard value, and gold
is the only standard value. Whenever, there-
fore, you issue an additional amount of cur-
reney, if currency is not based upon the gold
standard, you in effect debase your coin in
another form. One is paper, the other is
gold; each is valuable only as it represents
value. A dollar in paper is equally as good as
a dollar in gold if it has a value equal to it, and
not otherwise. The policy of the Senator from
Ohio asks you to issue and the country to
receive more of this debased, this changeable
currency and value.
I did not mean when I rose to make any
extended remarks on this question; but believ-
ing that all these financial schemes are simply
advocated in the interests of men engaged m
manipulating money affairs, and believing that
they are in no wise called for by any interest
of the country, I could not hesitate to express,
though feebly, my disapprobation of everything
tending to legislation in the direction indicated
by the measures that are before the Senate
and before Congress. There can be no safe
course except that which tends toward specie
payments, as all admit. An increase of this
currency puts that off. Restricting the amount
of this currency bankrupts your business. Both
of these policies, therefore, are wrong. The
only sure course to pursue is to increase the
value of your securities. They are now depre-
ciated ; they are not worth what they purport
to be; and until you can create for them a
value equal to that which they purport to bear
upon their face you can never arrive at specie
payments; you can never arrive at a settled
condition of business operations in the coun-
try ; you can never furnish a safe road out of
your dilemma. I shall vote for the proposition
of the Senator from Michigan, and I trust I
shall have an opportunity after that to vote to
lay the whole subject on the table.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I shall
vote for the proposition to strike out the first
section of this bill. In doing so, it is proper
for me to say that I was very much impressed
by the able argument of the Senator from New
Jersey, [Mr. Cattell.] Some portions of
his argument I agree with. I doubt very much
whether it is a safe system of banking that one
bank shall pay to another interest on deposits ;
but I think that is a matter that ought to be
regulated by the interest of business and com-
merce itself. I understand there are just two
cases to be provided for by this section. In
the first place, the banks of the interior are
compelled by the banking law to keep on
deposit in certain cities a portion of their cap-
Mr. SHERMAN. They are not compelled ;
they are authorized. .
Mr. HENDRICKS. Well, they are required
by the nature of the business. I hey are re-
quired to be prepared to redeem^ their bills at
certain points ; and to comply with that requi-
sition as a matter of course they must have
funds at some one of the specified points to
meet any demand for redemption.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say to the Senator
from Indiana that, practically, now the redemp-
tion of the national banking currency is merely
nominal. One hundred dollars in any bank
in New York will redeem all the circulation
of anv country bank that may be presented.
Mr" CAMERON. I hope the Senator from
Indiana will let me say just one word. There
is no practical difficulty now; but when we
come to pay specie then the redemption be-
comes imperative. The necessity for all inte-
rior banks is to redeem their notes at the^com-
mercial centers, Philadelphia and Now lork.
Now, they settle bv checks and transferring
accounts; but when we come to specie pay-
ments they must redeem their notes. U e must
look to that, because this law will act m the
future as well as the present. _
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President^I am
speaking of the necessity that the law, m my
judgment, places upon the banks, lake a
40th Com. 2d Sess.—No. 202.
bank in the central portion of the State of |
Indiana, for instance. It is required to be pre-
pared to redeem its bills at some one of the
points mentioned in the law. Just to-day per-
haps redemptions are not required, not called
for; but there may come a time, and not far
distant, when the redemptions will be required.
The bank must be prepared to meet them.
Now, as the law stands, whenever redemptions
do arise, the bank must be ready to meet them
whenever they are called for. Therefore, the
law contemplates that the banks shall be pre-
pared to meet any demand of this sort. _ To
do so, they ought to have means on deposit at
some one of these points. Why not allow them
interest upon those deposits, if the interest of
the bank in which the deposit is made will
allow it? That bank must judge for itself
whether it can safely pay interest upon these
deposits.
But, sir, the most important question is that
which the course of trade and business pre-
sents. The demands upon the West from the
East constantly accruing make it necessary that
the banks of the West shall be prepared to draw
upon the Bast. Our shipments of produce and
cattle make this necessary constantly. Practi-
cally it is about thus: a man wishing to buy
produce or stock in the West borrows the money
for a short period from one of our banksj that
bank takes his check or draft payable in the
city of New York; and when he has purchased
his stock on his credit, and shipped it, and
sold it in New York, out of the proceeds he
meets his paper; and this money is then on
deposit in the city of New York to meet
exchange from the West to the East.
Now, it is not strange that the deposits m
the cities mentioned by the Senator from New
Jersey should be $70,000,000 when the reserve
fund of these banks is only $40,000,000. The
large business between the East and the West
requires perhaps that amount of western funds
in eastern banks. No bank in the city of In-
dianapolis, where I reside, could transact busi-
ness for a day unless it was prepared to draw
upon the East. Our business requires it. A
merchant finds his indebtedness becoming due
to-day in the city of New York. How is he to
pay it? He does not want to send the money;
but he buys exchange and pays it thus, and
the bank makes a small profit, a very small
profit, indeed, out of it. But, to be prepared
to meet that class of business, very important
to our trade and commerce, the bank must
have deposits in some eastern bank or it can-
not carry on the business.
If the bank keeps constantly on hand a fund
; in an eastern bank, if it is the interest of the
i eastern bank to have that fund, and if that
I eastern bank can pay interest upon that fund,
why not allow it? It seems to me that the
business itself, the interests of the two institu-
tions, will regulate that matter. _ If the bank
in 1 lie East is transacting its business upon an
unsafe system the western bank will not long
credit it. Of course the western bank will seek
to deposit in a safe institution in the East j and
if that institution can afford to pay interest
upon this large fund it is well that it should
be done; and this is one of the sources of profit
to the western stockholders. I do not know
very much about banking; but it seems to me
that thia is a plain proposition. While the
Senator from New Jersey may be right, and I
think he is right, that paying interest upou
deposits is not a safe system for the bank pay-
in"' that interest, yet that bank must judge ot
that for itself. Us stockholders must look to
their own interests. If it is a source ol proht
to have money on deposit at four per ecnt.
they can judge of that. .
I am not afraid of the evil complained ot bj
the Senator from Ohio. If the banks m the
East are allowed to pay upon deposits made
by western banks, he fears that that will with-
draw the banking capital and currency from
the West to the East. I think, practically,
that cannot be so, for it is known to the Sena-
tor from Ohio, as it is to myself, that the banks
of the West, in the regular course of tbeir
business, make from eight to twelve per cent.
It would be a remarkable fact if they shoutd
deposit their funds beyond the necessities of
business at four per cent, when they cau make
from eight to twelve per .cent, by the use of
their money in the West. That cannot be. I
know that the abuse which the Senator wishes
to avoid does not exist. I shall vote to strike
out this section. 1 do not expect to vote for
the bill itself; but, yet on this single motion I
shall vote to strike out.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I voted
for this section in the Committee on Finance,
but not because I had any particular interest
in the prosperity of any class of banks. So
far as this discussion has progressed, it has
settled down into a controversy between the
interior and the city banks; and the only ques-
tion that seems to be considered of any moment
here is as to which class of banks shall make
the most money out of the present condition
of affairs. I have no interest whatever in that
contest.
1 have heard complaints from various sources
that the people of the western States were
without the necessary amount of circulation j
and Congress is besieged from time to time
' with applications to extend the circulation m
the western States, so as to accommodate the
people there with monetary facilities. It ap-
peared to me, from such evidence as I was able
to obtain, that the present system had a tend-
ency to deprive the people of the West of a
circulation or of sufficient circulation, or ot
that amount of circulation, which they would
have if this section became the law of the
It has been argued that, it was improbable
that the banks in the western States would put
their circulation in the hanks of the eastern
cities and receive four per cent, upon it when
they could loan that circulation m the neigh-
borhoods where they do business for eight,
ten, or twelve per cent. That argument would
be good if the fact did not contradict it. No
matter what the reasoning may be on the sub-
ject, the fact is admitted on all hands that
seventy odd millions of circulation that belongs
to the interior banks is deposited in the banks
of the three great cities; so that m point ot
fact that amount of circulation is withdrawn
from the people of the western States. jnat
is a fact. What the inducements are 1 ot
course am not able to say; but it may be that
this is a continuous loan to the city banks, it
is not subject to those contingencies that loa,ns
to individuals are. 11 may be that the security
is more perfect, and it is possible that, this
difference"in the interest may be made up by
the rate of exchange to some extent. _ Various
considerations may influence the interior banks
to adopt this policy; but whatever those con-
siderations may be, whether sufficient or msut-
ficient to our minds, the fact is that they pro-
duce this result, that this money that ought to
be in the banks of the western States, there
to accommodate the local necessities, is lound
in the banks of these great cities, to be used
therefor the purpose of stimulating specula-
tion of all sorts and descriptions, whicii is the
bane of the present day.
What is the reason, I will ask, for extend-
ing the banks of this country, multiplying
these western banks according to the wishes
of the American people, if, when a bank is
located in any western State, it immediately
commences the transaction of business m the
city of New York or of Philadelphia ?_ Multiply
these banks, and you increase the circulation
in the large cities, and the only effect is to
stimulate speculation there while the neces-
sities of the people of the West are not relieved
by the multiplication of your banks. f
I am quite surprised, Mr. President, I mus
confess, to find such a stubborn opposition 1lo
this section, which was put into this. bill, as I
understood, for the express benefit «
western people. I am surprised to ftndthem
so unanimously opposed to it. If^the} e
to strike this section out °t the bill
they will not come any more to Congress Dej,
