1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1169
of that Department to be wielded by energetic
and able bauds in your behalf?
And &o of the controverted report of his
speech made in a caucus or meeting at Annap •
olis. An unfriendly reporter giving one'ver-
sion of that speech says that Mr. Thomas
spoke of some men in Congress as traitors to
the Union; and he is to be kept out of Con-
gress for that! " Traitors to the Union!"
Why, sir, that is sometimes said of gentlemen
belonging to the majority, in reply to a dif-
ferent attack, the very one which has been
leveled by the Senator from Ohio against Mr.
Thomas and his political friends, that they are
rebel sympathizers ; that they have been rebels
or traitors in spirit. That is one form of polit-
ical accusation, and it is leveled against men
identified with Mr. Thomas in position ; and the
answer which the latter make to the other side
by way of retort is, "You yourselves are trai-
tors to the Union." Why? Because youdo
not bring the States together. Now, sir, this
is not a favorite mode of discourse with me.
I do not believe in this violent language in
political debate. I endeavor to abstain from
it myself, and I endeavor to discourage it in
others. But, sir, I believe there is just as
much of this extreme speech upon one side as
upon the other ; and it is a question, perhaps,
rather of good taste than of anything else
whether a man ought to indulge in it. Cer-
tainly it is a burlesque upon all principles of
reason to bring an observation of that kind,
even if it were made, which is disputed, into
grave debate here to affect the right to bis
seat of a Representative of one of the States
of this Union.
Mr. President, I have said much more than
I intended. I repeat, I rose to speak again in
this debate, not so much to extend the argu-
ment upon the real points involved as to per-
form, in some imperfect degree, an act of
justice to this applicant, who, in my opinion,
has been greatly and grievously misrepresented
to the Senate and to the public.
Mr. HOWARD obtained the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust my friend will
allow me a moment in reply to one or two
remarks of the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. HOWARD. If tiie Senator wishes to
make an explanation I will give way i'or that;
but I do not yield the floor except for a mere
explanation.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly; I shall occupy
but a few minutes'of time. 1 desire to reply to
one or two remarks made by the Senator from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. President, I really did not desire to par-
ticipate in this debate, and, as I stated last
night, 1 did not intend to do so until a few mo-
ments before I rose; but as no Senator bad
seemed to base his vote upon the special points
that I did, I deemed it my duty to state them
briefly. I will say now to the Senator from
Pennsylvania that I do not disagree with him
in the principle of law involved in this case.
We have no right to exclude Mr. Thomas for
political reasons, or because he differs with us
in political opinion. Whether his opinions are
erroneous or not is for the tribunal which elects
us to determine, not for us.
But the grounds upon which I base my oppo-
sition to the admission of Mr. Thomas are dis-
tinctly different. The Senator fumi Pennsyl-
vania himself admits that when we were in
war any act of aid to the public enemy would
be a proper ground of exclusion of a person
from a seat in the Senate Chamber. Every
legisiat'n e body lias an intrinsic power inherent
in itself to exclude from it any person who
would biing disgiace or contumely upon the
body itself. The English House ol'Commons
have repeatedly excluded persons and expelled
persons who have participated in rebellion,
who have been guilty of crimes, as perjury,
forgery, &c. The hook now before me eon-
tains a great number of eases of that kind.
Yt here persons have committed some act either
in hostility to the Government itself or to the
laws of the country which makes them ob-
noxious to the body the body has a right to
40th U x<5. 2n Krcss.--No. 74.
expel them and oven to exclude them, if neces-
sary, from its deliberations. There is no doubt
about the true rule of law.
The only question in this case is, whether
Mr. Thomas did do such an act as in the opin-
ion of just men should exclude him from par-
ticipating in the councils of this nation in the
Senate Chamber. I say he did.
I say that the act of his when he resigned his
position as Secretary of the Treasury, taking
all the attendant circumstances, was an act in
aid of the rebellion. It must have had that
design. The Senator from Pennsylvania and I
differ, it seems, as to the motive of this act.
The Senator now says it was on account of a
dispute with Mr. Buchanan about the negotia-
tion of loans. The Senator thinks that was the
cause of the resignation. My recollection is
that Mr. Cobb did actually conspire to destroy
the credit of the United States as a preliminary
to war and as ati act of war; and this conspiracy
by Cobb has been denounced in this country
and in Europe as one of the most disgraceful
elements of the rebellion. The attempt by
Floyd to steal and rob the trust funds of the
United States; the attempt by Cobb to break
down the credit of the Government by issuing
bonds bearing ten, eleven, and twelve per cent,
interest—all these things have been held up
both in this country and Europe as acts of hos-
tility just as much in aid of the rebellion 
Mr." HOWARD. The Senator from Ohio
must pardon me. I did not yield the floor for
the purpose of enabling him to make another
speech. I supposed his purpose was to make
an explanation.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator desires
to go on now I can reply to the Senator from
Pennsylvania afterward. I will not claim his
courtesy.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to treat the Senator
with perfect courtesy, but I am not willing that
lie should occupy the time that properly belongs
to me.
Mr. SHERMAN. Go on.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President,"as I was
tlie first to interpose an objection to the admis-
sion of Mr. Thomas to the oath on his applica-
tion here, it may, perhaps, be well enough for
me to be the last or among the last to speak on
the subject, as I suppose the debate is about
drawing to a close. I shall detain the Senate
but a few minutes ; but I wish to express some
ideas I entertain, and shall do it with becoming
brevity.
It is plainly the purpose of the oath contained
in the act of 1862 to banish from this Chamber
all treason, all guilt arising from having parti-
cipated in the rebellion by rendering it direct
aid and comfort in the technical, practiculsense,
and also to exclude all persons who have given
countenance or encouragement to persons en-
gaged in armed hostility to the Governmentof
the United States ; for such is the language of
the oath.
I was not a little surprised yesterday to hear
the learned Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trum-
bull] declare that, whatever may have been the
character justly to be attached to the resigna-
tion of Mr. Thomas, there was not at that time
any armed hostility against the Government,
and, therefore, if he then resigned, it was not,
of course, in order to give encouragement or
countenance to persons engaged in "armed
hostility" to the Government. in order, how-
ever, that I limy not do that Senator any injus-
tice, I will read a portion of his rensaiks as they
aro reported in the Globe. He says:
" It' lie i Mr. Thomas] eannot properly take thoonth
it because tie eannut twear that he ii"t \ < lun-
tariiy <n\ en hhI, urtunteiianye, toniroi, or yni'iui.e-'c-
meiit t<i {KT':,>h^ I'li^a^ed in nimul hostility to the
t'nited States. Whether lie h <<i1- a ijtu -*11011
<>i' fact; ami theie lire two atK Rations a«.mi?t Mr.
X!iom:i?. One is in 1 t to :.- > -.at.-o ;.ry
(if The Treu>uiy lor about ihii-ly <':y' in the wmUT
of lstili-i.il, liefuro tie, tvbeiHou had bioken eut in
urmed hostility,
Mark the language—■
"before a sun had been tired, or rather that lie re-
his pultun a.- iSeaetary of the Treasury, and
re.-iitnea uinler such oitvuuistaiiccfr that hi.* re^iiniu-
tion is construed by some into an aer givins aid and
oomfortto ttorsons engaged in armed hostility to the
United States. It perhaps woyild bo a sufficient reply
to this allegation to say that at that time no persons
were engaged in armed hostility to the United States.
He resigned early in January, 1861. I tbink the attack
upon Fort Sumter, when the first gunswere tired, was
in April of that year."
Now, sir, I take direct issue with the Sena-
tor from Illinois, who, I regret, is not now in his
seat, and with all those who concur in this
assertion. I assert that at the time Mr. Thomas
resigned his commission as Secretary of the
Treasury there was flagrant civil war in the
Unitiyi States; that at that time—that is, on
the 11th of January, 1801—there had been
between fifteen arid twenty direct acts of war
committed against the Government by rebels
in arms against that Government. I assert
that from the 20th of December, 18G0, down
to the date of his resignation, January 11,1801,
there was flagrant war—war in every practical
sense of the term—existing in the southern
States of this Union. I assert that Mr. Thomas
well knew all and each of these acts of war,
and that when he resigned be resigned with a
perfect knowledge that war was already exist-
ing in fact against the Government. Sir, let
it not be forgotten that Mr. Thomas was Sec-
retary of the Treasury; that he was a member
of President Buchanan's Cabinet; that, as his
duty required him, he, without doubt, attended
habitually all the meetings of that Cabinet. He
was, therefore, informed, as we have a right to
assume, as fully and completely as any other
officer of the Government, including Mr. Bu-
chanan himself, of each and every act demon-
strating the existence of the war.
I think the assertion made by the honorable
Senator from Illinois was made incautiously
and without due regard to the record in the
ease; for I am quite sure, if the events which
I am about to narrate had been at the time he
made his speech in his recollection, he would
have greatly varied the assertion, and perhaps
have omitted it entirely. Let me call the atten-
tion of Senators to a series of historical facts
in their chronological order; facts just as no-
torious as the revolution of the seasons, as
perceptible and indisputable as the shining of
the sun at noon-day ; facts of which the hum-
blest citizen of the Republic on the remotest
boundary of the Republic was cognizant almost
at the moment they transpired.
On the 20th of December, 1SG0, the South
Carolina convention passed an ordinance of
secession. On the same day a grand xatifica-
tion meeting in honor of that disgraceful and
criminal proceeding was held at Memphis, in
the State of Tennessee. On the same day a
similar meeting for rejoicing over the same
event took place in Mobile. On the same day
a like meeting, for exactly the same purpose,
took place in New Orleans. Mr. l'homas had
then been in the office of Secretary of the
Treasury for exactly ten days. Were these
facts unknown to the members of the Cabinet?
Can Mr. Thomas assert that he was ignorant
of them? Of course he cannot.
On the 22d of December the Charleston Mer-
cury, published in the very city in reference to
which Thomas afterward wrote his letter of
resignation, announced to the world that "the
people of South Carolina would obey the call
for war and would take the forts in Charleston
harbor.'' Was Thomas ignorant of this threat
of the leading secession paper of the South?
I Certainly not.
I On the 23d a company of eighty men came
, down from Savannah to Chatleston and offered
i their services to the Governor of South Caro-
j Sina for the purpose of prosecuting the war.
; Was Thomas ignorant, of ihis offer oti the part
I of the Georgia volunteers to the Governor of
South Carolina?
j On the next day, December 21, the Repre-
seutatives of South Carolina in the outer
' House of Congress withdrew from the House
| and retired to their homes. Was Thomas
ignorant of this ?
On the same day, the '21th of December,
' the Richmond Inquirer, in a long article, urged
' the immediate capture of the city of Vv ashing
ton, W^s Thomas ignorant ot this? Was bo
