3218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
ging for additional banks; I hope we shall
hear no more on that subject.
I have no inflexible theory upon this finan-
cial questiop. I judge from circumstances. I
am -willing to do what I can, consistent with
the business interests of the country, to accom-
modate the western people. I supposed that
this measure was intended for.that purpose
and would have that effect. But it seems that
there is some danger that some banks located
in the western States, no matter what the
interests of the people may be, will not receive
as much interest if this bill passes as they now
receive. It appears to be a matter of no con-
sequence as to whether they accommodate the
people of that section or not in the estimation
of Senators. I, knowing nothing about these
banks, and caring nothing about them, had
supposed that the object and effect of this
section would be to prevent the flow of cir-
culation from the western States to the eastern
cities.
It is pretended here as a reason for this that
the law requires these western banks to keep
in the eastern cities a certain amount for the
purpose of redeeming their circulation. What
commentary does the Senator from Michigan
make upon that assumption, when he said that
he was told by a banker in the city of Detroit
that during three years ho was only called upon
to redeem one ten-dollar bill. If that be true,
then the seventy odd millions of money in the
eastern cities is not necessary to redeem the
circulation.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Senator allow
me one moment right there?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly.
Mr. CHANDLER. While they were called
upon to exchange greenbacks for only one ten-
dollar bill, they had to daily redeem their
deposits hy exchange on New York.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I understand that.
Mr. CHANDLER. I tried to beat the idea
into the Senator's head; but it is hopeless, and
I will not try it again. [Laughter.] It is the
simplest business proposition that ever was pre-
sented to a man's common sense; but it is
uttorly hopeless to beat it into the Senator's
head, and I resign the task.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The Senator need not put
himself to any unnecessary trouble to beat
ideas into my head, because it is necessary, in
the first place, (hat he should have some cor-
rect ideas in his own, [laughter ;] and it is
possible, in his zeal on this subject, that he is
not so much governed by what the people of
llitt West need and desire as by what the banks
of Detroit or some other city need in reference
to this matter.
Now, sir, I acknowledge—I have not pre-
tended to deny—that there was a necessity for
some deposits in the cities to meet the drafts
of these local banks. Nobodyhas controverted
that position ; but the idea upon which this bill
proceeds—and I am indifferent as to its pas-
sage, hut I want nowto have it understood that
we are to have no more clamor from the West
about additional banking facilities, when the
whole effect of it is to increase the circulation
in New York, Philadelphia, and Boston—I say
the idea is, that when these city banks pay
interest upon this circulation there is an
inducement for withdrawing from the circula-
tion in the West that which they need and put-
ting it into the already exorbitant circulation
of the cities.
This morning I received a circular. I do
not know that any consequence is to be attached
to it, but I find this statement in it—I suppose
it is sent to all Senators; it appears to be a
printed circular:
"Throughout the country trade is unusually quiet,
and with the consequently limited demand lor loans
the banks of the interior arc allowing large balances
to accumulate with their correspondents here, which
it is found difficult to employ except at exceedingly
low rates, three and four per cent, being the current
interest upon demand loans."
It seems that immense deposits of money
are accumulating in these eastern banks, and
at this particular time it is said that we must
extend the circulation $20,000,000 and provide
for the establishment of new banks in the West
so as to accommodate the people. And now,
when we undertake to provide by law to pre-
vent this flow of circulation from the West to
these cities we are met with the objection that
it will not do to legislate in this way because
it will injure somebody's bank in the western
States.
I do not care particularly about the fate of
this section, for the bill, as it is now amended,
seems to me to be, with my little knowledge
of financial matters, very nearly an absurdity.
I do not pretend to know as much about
finance as the Senator from Michigan, or many
other Senators; but it seems to me to be an
absurdity in finance to take, by an arbitrary
law of Congress, $20,000,000 of circulation
from one section of this Union and undertake
to locate it in another section of the Union,
disturbing, deranging, and breaking up busi-
ness everywhere by your legislation. I under-
take to say that Congress cannot control and
regulate the currents of trade and commerce
by any arbitrary legislation, and the less of it
we have the better for the country; for the
laws of commerce are surer and wiser and
safer than any law that Congress can make
upon the subject. So far as I am concerned
I would rather now that Congress would drop
this whole subject at once than undertake to
invade the eastern States, where their capital
no doubt is altogether employed in business,
and withdraw from their business and their
circulation $20,000,000, and undertake to send
it to Texas or Oregon or California, or some
other part of the country.
I only rose to give my reasons for support-
ing this section; but if the bill remains as
amended, I do not care one straw what becomes
of any of the sections.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. President,
I gave my consent in the Committee on Finance
to this section purely on the principles enunci-
ated by the Senator from New Jersey, as a
question of banking. I do not believe that
banks are created to borrow money ; they are
created to lend. I did it for this other reason,
that the banking law of this country required
a certain amount of reserve to be held by the
banks, upon which no banking operations could
be had except for the purposes of redemption ;
it was not to be used for the purpose of dis-
counts ; and yet by this evasion, by this simple
process on the part of the country banks of
depositing their reserves in the city banks, the
city banks avail themselves of them for the
purposes of discounts. I was unwilling my-
self, when the whole business of banking in
this country had been revolutionized by our
national system, to give greater facilities to the
banks in the cities for mere purposes of stock-
jobbing and speculation.
Before the inauguration of this system, when
we had specie payments, the banks in the cities,
although authorized to keep out as large a cir-
culation as the banks in the country, never
availed themselves of that privilege, for it was
not possible that they could keep it out. The
country banks then had to redeem their circu-
lation once in every six or twelve weeks, but
the city banks would be compelled to redeem
their circulation almost daily or weekly; and
therefore these banks of large capital, capital
of millions, kept out but a very insignificant
amount of circulation. One of the largest banks
of this character, holding $10,000,000, as I am
informed, kept out no circulation.
But the Senator from Oregon is very much
mistaken if he supposes the West do not under-
stand their interest about this matter. They
will not be able if this bill should pass or not
pass to discount one single dollar more than
they otherwise would. If this reserve is kept
at home, they cannot bank upon it. It will
not increase their circulation in the least.
They must keep it as a reserve.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It has been admitted here
throughout this discussiou that there were
$30,000,000 of money on deposit in the city
banks in excess of the reserve. I referred
particularly to that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermoat. That will not
be affected by, this law.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That may be. •
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont., Tliis only
relates to the reserve. _
Mr. HOWE. You are mistaken about that.
Mr". CATTELL. It covers the whole.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Well, it will
not be affected by it, because they can make
their deposits with tankers, private Individ
uals, and evade it; so that it will make no
difference as to that. It is a necessity on the
part of the western banks, and of all country
banks, to keep their deposits m the c«y tor
the purpose of drawing upon them; and they
do it from motives ot self-mterust, because
they desire to obtain a larger rate of interest,
and any person applying to them for a discount
will not receive bills, but will receive checks
upon which a greater amount of exchange will
be charged than would be required to trans-
port the bills from the city to the bank.
Mr. President, there is no question but what
this section will tend to the benefit of the city
banks and against the country banks, i'bere
is no doubt about that. The city banks wilt
obtain the same amount of deposits, or nearly
the same, for which they will pay no interest,
and the country banks will be deprived of that
amount of profits. It is not to be concealed
that that will be the effect of the bill so far as
that is concerned. _ The only question about
it is whether we shall continue to foster and
to strengthen these city banks or not. That is
for every Senator to judge for himself.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I have not
said a word in the course of this debate, and
I did not think I should ; but having listened
to it considerably, I have come to the conclu-
sion that I shall be obliged to vote for this
amendment, notwithstanding the arguments
urged against it by the Senator from New-
Jersey [Mr. Cattell] yesterday, which have
been repeated substantially by the Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Moruill] to-day. I never
like to vote against a measure supported by
the Senator from New Jersey particularly;
and whenever 1 do, I feel called upon to apolo-
gize, either publicly or privately. I have con-
cluded to submit briefly my apology for the
vote I am about to give on this question pub-
licly. I should not have felt the courage to do
that even but for the kind words thrown out
by the honorable Senator from Rhode Island
[Mr. Spkauujs] just now in support of those
who speak upon this subject without knowing
anything about it. [Laughter.] Happening
to fall within that category, I felt authorized
to say a word myself upon it.
One reason I have for voting against the
adoption of this new restriction was stated
very emphatically and forcibly by the Senator
from Oregon, [Mr. Williams,] who has just'
resumed his seat. He gave utterance to a truth
that has dimly suggested itself to mv mind
several times since this debate commenced,
the idea whether, after all, this Congress, sand
it is a very able CongressI take It no man
will doubt that?) in spite ot its supreme ability,
is able to manage the banking of the country
better than the banks can do it themselves.
Hie Senator from Oregon denies it, and I am
inclined to think he is right. Up to this time
the banks have managed this very subject, and,
so far as I know, have done it, with consider-
able success. ~\\ hy not leave them to do it
hereafter! He has confidence in -their ability,
and i have confidence in their ability, and why
not let them play their hands? I am inclined
to think we had better let them. That is one
reason I have for voting against putting this
restriction upon the banks.
But what are the reasons urged for the re-
striction? The Senator from New Jersey savs
j it is a violation of a fundamental principle, not
only in the national banking law, but in all
banking systems whatever, which' is that the
banks should be required to keep a certain
amount of funds in reserve ; and he says that
the national banking law recognizes that ne-
cessity, and requires of the central banks that
