2194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
March 28j
of fraud, and if the Congress shall bo satisfied that
such constitution ineots tho approval of a majority
of all Uie qualified electors in the State, and if tho
said constitution shall bo declared by Congress to bo
in conformity with tho provisions of tho act to which
this is supplementary, and the other provisions of
said act shall have been complied with, and the
said constitution shall be approved by Congress, the
State shall be declared ontitlcd to representation,
and Senatorsand Representatives shall bo admitted
therefrom as therein provided."
The obvious and only legal interpretation
which this section can bear is that it is the in-
tention of Congress to require that a majority
of the registered voters shall vote upon the
question of the adoption of this so-called con-
stitution of Alabama; and that, " moreover,"
in, addition thereto, besides that prerequisite
and indispensable condition, the other facts re-
cited in this section shall appear. So that there
is no foundation in that section, as tho gentle-
man attempts to set up, for this revolutionary
movement against, yonr own laws.
But we are told by the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Farxsivoktii] that seven thousand
instead of one thousand white men did vote at
that election. And we are told at the same
time that there are over twenty thousand white
men in Alabama who are members of the loyal
league, and I am authorized to infer from his
language that these members of the loyal
league in Alabama are all voters. And yet
we are told that there could be no fair election
there; that, notwithstanding the military des-
potism there, manipulated by the Radical party,
in the hands of political adventurers, the camp
followers and political tools of the .Republican
party, they are not able in Alabama to secure
a lair election. We are told that, after the
white men of that Slate were handcuffed and
chained to the car of military despotism, with
seven thousand white men voting at that elec-
tion, and twenty thousand loyal-leaguers to
aid the military and Freedmen's Bureau in
securing tho desired results, there could be no
fair and legal election. I tako it the people of
this country will not accept any sneh arguments
as those as containing any truth or affording
the slightest shadow of justification for this
legislation.
Tt is also contended, by way of justification
for this legislation, by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] that all civil
power in Alabama is in the hands of white
rebels and rebel sympathizers, and that they
prevented the holding of a fair election there
or a fair expression of the public opinion upon
this constitution. Now, I submit that, so far
as that assertion is concerned, it is unworthy
of one particle of respect, because, in the very
teeth of that assertion, the country sees and-(
knows and feels the fact that the people of
Alabama are not under the control of a civil
government, but that this Radical Congress, by
its reconstruction legislation, has done what
the rebellion never could do and never at-
tempted to do ; it has overthrown all civil
government in the State of Alabama and set
up its own arbitrary and despotic will for a
government there, with its own tools, the mere
agents of a party, to administer civil govern-
ment. Yet we are told that the rebel sheriffs
and other civil officers have preveuted a fair
election. We have also served up in this de-
bate a batch of ex parte affidavits of men who
have been elected to offices under this bastard
government, or expect places after it is forced
upon the State, in which they attempt to per-
suade us that enough negroes were kept from
the polls by intimidation to makeup the needed
majority of the registered voters. But these
men dared not, and were not allowed, to ap-
pear before the Reconstruction Committee and
testify, subject to cross-examination, touching
these matters. They get up those ex parte state-
ments to promote their mere personal and
selfish purposes, and I consider them entitled
to no respect whatever,
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. KERR. I can yield po portion of my
time to the gentleman from Pennsyjyania, [Mr.
Kei.my,] except for a question.
Mr. KELLEY. I simply wanted to state 
Mr. KERR. I do not yield to the gentleman
for any statement.
Mr. KELLEY. My authority was derived
from Democratic papers and speakers.
Mr. KERR. I do not yield to any remarks
by the gentleman.
The truth in reference to this constitution
is that when Congress enacted this reconstruc-
tion law it tendered to the people of Alabama
two ways by either of which they might adopt
or reject the pretended constitution. The peo-
ple could either go to the election and vote
against the constitution, or stay away, if they
opposed it, and thus defeat it. It tendered to
the people these two modes of rejection in good
faith, I take it. It certainly indicated no bad
faith or insincere purpose at the time. 1 will
not presume, for I do not believe, that the
party at that time intended or attempted to
devise a trap into which the people might fall,
and thus enable Congress, by a stupendous
fraud, to force upon them a constitution.
The people of Alabama accepted those alter-
natives. They acted upon them. They rejected
that constitution. They did it in pursuance of
your own laws. They adopted their own mode
of doing it, as they well might do according to
the very terms of these reconstruction acts.
Now it is proposed, in bad faith, in cruelly and
wickedly bad faith, to turn upon those people
and say to them, "You have rejected this
instrument according to the terms of our law ;
yet you had no right to reject it in that way.
You ought to have rejected it, if you desired to
do it, in some other way, and then we might
have sustained you in your action." The truth
is they did reject it; they never did adopt it.
It is not their constitution ; it was not made by
the people of Alabama; it was not made for
the people of Alabama; it was not made in the
interests of the people of Alabama. It is a
Congress-made constitution, in violation of
every principle of civil liberty heretofore uni-
versally recognized in this country.
Talk about this being tho way to make gov-
ernment "republican in form." Why, Mr.
Speaker, if the Radical party want to go to the
country and the world as indorsing this mode
of erecting governments 1' republican in form,"
then in God's name, I say, you are entitled to
the distinction it gives. If in this way consti-
tutions are to be framed, utterly void of the
spirit and intent which above all things should
pervade, should give existence and vitality to
constitutions, then, I say, we may bid adieu to
"republican forms of government" in this
country.
If you were making this constitution for the
negroes of Alabama alone I should not raise
my voice in protest against it to-day, because
I agree that the negroes in Alabama require to
be governed by somebody else than themselves.
But you pretend to be making this constitution
for the white people of Alabama; and while
you are acting under that pretext, you are vio-
lating every wish of those white people, and
outraging every principle of civil liberty in the
mode you have adopted to force upon them a
system of government.
You assume that this constitution was made
for all the people of Alabama. But its entire
history and its intrinsic character show that it
was conceived and framed in the interests of a
political party. It is not made to promote the
welfare of all tho people, and its administration
is not committed to the virtue, refinement, in-
telligence, and civil experience of the white
people of the State. Its effect will be to de-
prive them of all control and submit them and
all their precious interests to the control of the
negro population, the latter to be controlled by
the Radical party.
Only a few days ago the honorable gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr, Stbvexs,] the
chairman of the Reconstruction Committee,
said, in the hearing of this House, speaking of
the bill then pending, substantially the same as
this;
"After a full examination of tho final returns from
Alabama, which wo had not got when this bill Was
drawn, I am satisfied, for one, that to force avoteon
this bill and admit tho State against our own law,
where there is a majority of twenty-odd thousand
against the constitution, would not bo doing saea
justice in legislation as will bo expected by tho
people."
But now, taking back the just and righteous
conclusion of his judgment, then he proposes
to force this hateful government on Alabama
with increased and degrading conditions.
The same honorable gentleman offered on
the day before yesterday an amendment to this
bill. Let us see what it provides. It declares:
" That the right of suffrage of citizens of the United.
States shall never be denied or abridged in said Alate
onaiiy account exccpt for treason, felony, or other crime-,
infamous at common law; but suffrage as above pro-
vided for shall forcvev be universal ami impartial.
This language does not even confine the suf-
frage which the honorable gentleman would
establish by act of Congress in Alabama to
males over the age of twenty-one jrears. In
unqualified, unlimited terms it declares that
suffrage shall perpetually be "impartial and
universal" in the State of Alabama.
Mr. Speaker, the first speech I had the honor
to make in this House was against this wrettbecf;
this revolutionary heresy now so rapidly being
adopted by the lladical party of this_ country,
that Congress may regulate suffrage in all the
States of this Union. At that time this doe-
trine found but few advocates on this floor who
were willing or liad the courage publicly to
announce their faith in it. But how is it now ?
In this connection, Mr. Speaker, I beg leave
to invite the attention of the House to the
opinion entertained on this question less than
two years ago by the same honorable gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Steven's] who
to-day takes back, eats up, and spits upon every
one of the teachings of his past life on this
most grave proposition.
But why should we complain of inconsist-
ency on the part of the majority here? They
are not restrained by any laws, although made
by themselves, nor by any constitutional limit-
ations upon their power, and infinitely less by
their own political platforms, when the prog-
ress of their revolution requires them to vio-
late them. I will let the honorable gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] on this
great right of the States to maintain theirown
forms of local self-government and to regulate
their own suffrage, answer his revolutionary
position of to-day by his true and honorable
position of less than two years ago. I read
from his speech in this House when speaking
of the proposed fourteenth article of amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States,
and when referring to these same southern
States:
"I hold that these States have the right, and al-
ways have had it, to fix the elective franchise within
their own States, and I hold that this does nor. take
it from them. Ought it to tako it from them? Ought
thedomesticafFairsofthe States to be infringed upoa
by Congress, so far as to regulate tho restrictions aad
qualifications of their voters? How manv States
would adopt such a proposition? How many would
allow Congress to come within their jurisdiction to
fix the qualification of their voters? Would New
York? Would Pennsylvania? Would the north-
western btates? I am sure not one of them wov\d.
iheretorc if you should tako awav the right which
now is and always has been exercised by the States.
J the Qualification ot ihoir oleotur?t instesui
ot getting nineteen States, which is necessary to ratify
this amendment, you might possibly get fiv'e. I ven-
ture to say you could not get five."
I might read further in the same direction,
and thus make the honorable gentleman answer
himself and answer every position that is as-
sumed to-day by the friends and advocates of
this infamous bill; but I will not occupy in
that way the time of the House.
Mr. Speaker, we are told that this is a con-
stitution for the people of Alabama, and that
they made it. The white men of that State
protest that they did not make it and do not
want it. They prefer even a decent military
government by white men to any government
by negroes under the manipulation of the skir-
mishers, camp-followers, and political colpor-
teurs of the lladical party, or of any other
party. 1 hey stand upon the sacred, orkmal
indefeasible, and God-given right of seif-goy.
