1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3213
tliey should keep twenty-five per cent, of their
circulation and deposits as a reserve, and
discriminates against them and in favor of the
country banks by releasing the latter from the
obligation of keeping any more than fifteen
per cent, of their circulation and deposits,
and he says that this is absolutely necessary to
the safety and well-being of any banking sys-
tem ; and he says that this practice of deposit-
ing the reserve and of taking interest upon it
is in violation of this fundamental principle
and destructive of it.
I am not familiar with this subject, but I a_m
inclined to think the Senator is wrong^ in
assuming that the national banking law requires
any such reserve as he states. It does say, I
believe, in about so many words, that there
shall be that reserve ; but suppose there is not
that reserve, what then? You cannot safely
declare that a law requires a certain thing to be
done or not to be done, until you examine the
penalties or the means for enforcing the com-
mand. What, then, if the reserve falls below
twenty-five per cent, in the central banks, or
fifteen per cent, in the country banks ? So
far as I understand, the only penalty which is
imposed upon the bank is that it is required
to stop loaning. When its reserve falls below
the twenty-five or fifteen per cent, it cannot
discount time paper any longer; but it may go
on still discounting sight bills. If I am right
about this, then instead of the law requiring a
reserve of twenty-five or fifteen per cent, it
simply requires that the bank shall not loan
on time more than seventy-five or eighty-five
per cent, of its circulation and of its deposits ;
hut the balance of the fifteen or twenty-five per
ccnt. it may employ in purchasing sight bills.
If this is the true construction of the act,
then this discrimination in favor of the country
banks and against the city banks which the
Senator from New Jersey complains of is pot
so apparent to me as it seemed to be to him-
self. But if he is right and I am wrong as to
the interpretation of the act, is there not a
hardship imposed upon the country bank from
which the city bank is relieved, in this: the
city bank is required only to redeem its circu-
lation at its own counter; the country bank is
required to redeem its circulation, and to be
prepared to do so at all times, both at its own
counter and in some one of the central cities?
There is a double redemption for which the
country bank must provide, and a single redemp-
tion for which the city bank must provide.
Mr. CATTELL. Allow ine to say to the
Senator that I have explained that several
times. In order to provide for that double
obligation the law allows two fifths of this
fifteen per cent, to be kept there for that pur-
pose and counted as reserve. There is no
hardship in redeeming at another place when
you provide that your reserve shall be kept
there and counted.
Mr. HOWE. I understand that. _ There
would not be any hardship at all in it if the
law only required the redemption to be for the
amount of three fifths of the reserve which they
are allowed to keep on deposit at the central
banks; but that is not the requirement of the
law. The requirement of the law is that the
whole circulation must be redeemed on demand
at the central banks.
Mr. CATTELL. The whole circulation is
not anything like three fifths of the reserve.
The reserve is a percentage on the whole
amount of deposits and circulation, so that the
amount of reserve is infinitely larger than the
whole circulation.
Mr. HOWE. It may be, or it may not be.
I cannot say how that is. But the home lia-
bility must be provided tor at the same time.
I cannot regulate discount myself. I am only
speaking of the obligations which the law im-
poses upon the two classes ol banks, -the
Senator says, and says truly, that three fifths
of this reserve may be deposited 111 the vaults
of these redeeming banks, and when deposited
there it shall count to the country bank just as
if it was in its own vault. That is neither a
privilege nor advantage, nor, perhaps, a hard-
ship. It is a permission to the country bank
to reckon three fifths of its reserve, which is
not in its own vaults, but is in the vaults of one
of the redeeming banks, as if it were in its
own vaults; but then it is no more nor less,
taken with the two fifths, than the fifteen per
cent, after all.
But, after all, that does not provide for
redemption. When your law has said to the
country bank, "You must redeem your circu-
lation and your deposits at home on demand, and
your circulation in the city bank on demand,"
what obligation has it imposed upon the coun-
try bank ? Simply this: it is a victim in the
hands of the city bank, and it must make its
own terms with the city bank. The city bank
will not undertake to redeem the circulation
of the country bank without compensation.
That compensation, I take it, is in deposits,
and what those deposits shall be is a matter
regulated not by law, but by _ arrangement
between the two banks. That is the obliga-
tion the law puts upon the country bank, and
you have left them to mutual arrangements,
mutual contract and understanding in order to
effectuate, to execute this law; and^ so far the
city and country banks have done it to their
mutual satisfaction.
That the possession of these deposits is an
advantage to the city hank all admit. The
Senator from Vermont admits that. The Sen-
atorfrom New Jersey does not dispute that. But
the Senator from New Jersey, and I think the
Senator from Vermont, also, rather urged the
idea that for the sake of getting this four per
cent., which is said to be the amount paid on
these deposits, the country banks were crowd-
ing their means into the city banks. I do not
think that treats the country banks fairly. I
do not think it is just, or that it pays due
tribute to their judgment and discrimination ;
and they are smart. I do not believe that of
the meager circulation and consequent capital,
for after all our banking capital is to a great
extent limited by our circulation in the West.
I do not think it is fair to suggest that out of
that small amount of capital they crowd a
large portion of it into the cities to get four
per cent., when they could loan it at from
seven to ten in their own neighborhood. To
meet this requirement of the city banks, to
meet the necessities of trade, a large portion
of their means are kept, I suppose, in the city
banks to the advantage of those banks, and
the four per cent, which the city banks pay for
it helps to make up the account of profits to
the country banks. This seems to me to be a
perfectly fair and perfectly safe arrangement.
The Senator from Oregon says that if our
country banks do these things we must not
complain about having too little bank capital
allowed to us. Sir, they do it because yijur
law obliges them to do it ; and if our banking
capital was only half what it is they would
still have to make the tome proportionate use
of it, in all probability, that they do now; and
if it were double the sum that it is now they
would still make the same disposition of it.
What is the grievance, what is^ the injury,
that springs from this usage? The Senator
from New Jersey has pointed us to the only
one I have heard mentioned ; and that is, that
it stimulates to speculation ; money piles up in
the city banks and it stimulates speculation m
the cities. That is a grievance ; that is a hard-
ship ; that is an abuse, I suppose. I should
be glad to put an end to it; and it I could see
any way of putting an end to it now without
imposing a hardship upon the country institu-
tions I think I should be willing to do it. _ But
I do not see that way; and until my friend,
the Senator from New Jersey, shall show us
thatsome one of these speculators cheated lnm,
who lives there and is exposed them, I am not
so very anxious to put an end to these specu-
lations, especially when we have to pay the
cost of ending them. If I should hear iu some
unhappy day that they had proved more than
a match for him, and got the advantage of him,
then I should seek more earnestly than I do
to-day for some means of arresting that sort
of speculation. That is the only abuse that I
have heard of yet as growing out of this prac-
tice of paying interest on deposits ; and I am
inclined to think that, until 1 hear some other,
I shall vote to allow the banks to pay it as
long as they want to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on striking out the first section of the
bill, on which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. WILLIAMS (when his name was called)
said: I am paired on this question with the
Senator from Nebraska, [Mr. Thayer.] If he
were here he would vote to strike out this sec-
tion, and I should vote to retain it.
Mr. CATTELL. I feel it my duty to state
that my colleague [Mr. Frelinghuysen] was
paired on this question with the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Drake.] He took some interest
in it on the opposite side to the one I take. If
he were present he would vote in favor of strik-
ing out this section. I thought it due to him
to make this statement, as the Senator from
Missouri happens to be absent and unable to
explain it.
The result was announced—yeas 26, nays
II ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buekalow, Cameron,
Chandler, Cole, Conkling. Cragin, Davis, Doolittle,
Edmunds, Ferry, Harlan, Hendricks, Howard, Howe,
MeCreery, Morrill ofMaine, Patterson of New Hamp-
shire, Patterson of Tennessee, Pomeroy, Sprogue,
Stewart, Trumbull, Viekers, Wade, and Yates—-26.
NAYS—Messrs. Cattell, Fessenden, Henderson,
Morgan, Morrill of Vermont, Sherman, Sumner, Tip-
ton, Van Winkle, Wiliey, and Wilson—11.
ABSENT —Messrs. Bayard, Conness, Corbett,
Dixon, Drake, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Grimes, John-
son, Morton, Norton, Nye, Ramsey, Ross, Saulsbury,
Thayer, and Williams—17.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I will now offer an amend-
ment 
Mr. SHERMAN. The question should now
be taken on the amendment that I offered to
your amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. Very well.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now offer the amend-
ment that I read last night.
pension bills.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. While the Clerk is
looking for that amendment, with the consent
of the Senate I should like to remark that this
day has so far gone by that it would be of no
use to the Pension Committee, and I ask the
Senate if they will not in their kindness give
me Saturday, and make the business of the
Pension Committee the special order for that
day. This is the fourth time that I have been
disappointed.
Mr. POMEROY. I suggest Jihat we have
an evening session for that purpose.
Several Senators. No, no ; it is too hot.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I cannot consent to
that. I want a whole day. I have seventy-
five bills on the Calendar.
The PRES1DEN Tpro tempore. The motion
can only be put by unanimous consent. Is
there any objection ? No objection; the Chair
will put the question on the motion that pen-
sion bills be made the special order for Satur-
day next.
The motion was agreed to.
NATIONAL BANKS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill S. No.
440, supplementary to an act entitled "An act
to provide a national currency secured by a
pledge of United States bonds, and to provide
for the circulation and redemption thereof,''
approved June 3, 1864.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now offer my amend-
ment.
The PRESIDENT pro_ tempore. That
amendment is not strictly in order until the
bill is reported to the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; let it be
reported to the Senate. ,
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the bill. ,,
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator can otter Ms
