1172
1HE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
fcion that it is not true. The temptation to
false swearing in this case is too strong not to
bo noticed too plain not to influence our
judgment.
The evidence in the case shows clearly
enough that this boy, after making two or
three attempts to cross the lines on the upper
Potomac, came to the city of Washington and
stayed here for the space of about four weeks,
anu that while he was here his father knew
perfectly well that he was here. The family
were informed of the fact that the boy was in
the city of Washington. What he was doing
is immaterial to inquire; but he was here. The
father might at any time within six hours have
come to Washington in person, seized him by
force, if that was necessary, and taken him
back to his home; or, if he found himself unable
to do that, he might have applied at the pro-
vost marshal's office in this city and caused
the lad to be arrested and detained. He might
easily have restrained his boy from going across
the river and joining the' rebels. He omitted
to do any such thing. Why did he not come
here and exercise his parental authority, and
carry him back? And yet he omitted to do
so. _ Whatever, therefore, he may pretend as
to his motive on the occasion of giving him the
money, his whole conduct from beginuing to
end is, according to my judgment, inconsistent
with the excuse he now sets up. Sir, if he gave
the boy the $100 for the purpose of enabling him
to commit treason, and he himself was guilty
of a crime, though not, perhaps, technically
treason; but 1 need not repeat to the Senate
that where any person, whether a father or a
stranger, is present at the commission of a
felony, and refuses or neglects to interfere to
prevent its consummation, he himself is held
amenable to the law, at least for a misdemeanor.
The honorable Senator from Pennsylvania
remarks, with a great deal of earnestness,
that Mr. Thomas resigned his commission be-
cause he was unwilling to precipitate a conflict.
1 have said enough, I trust, about that already.
His remaining in the office of Secretary of the
Treasury had no tendency to precipitate acon-
fliet. The conflict had long since been pre-
cipitated, and was then flagrant, evidenced by
a score of direct acts of war against the Gov-
ernment. But Mr. Thomas does not allege
any such excuse as this in his letter of resig-
nation.
Mr. President, I have said all that I choose
to say upon this question. I close as I began,
that it is the policy of the act of 1862 not
only to exclude from this body all taint of
treason, but to prohibit any person who has
given "countenance or encouragement" to
persons engaged in armed hostility to the
United States, from occupying a seat in the
Senate of the United States. I believe that
legislation to be salutary. and I will never
consent to throw down the barriers which loy-
alty has erected against the invasions of rebel-
ism while I retain a seat in this body or while
I live upon the earth's surface. Sir, let these
men who have committed war upon the Gov-
ernment of tho United States do penance ; let
them "bring forth fruits meet for repent-
ance ;" let them show by their acts as well as
their declarations that they have given up
secession and rebellion as a bad job, and feel
deep and true contrition for their crimes;
and then it will be time to address to me their
entreaties to be readmitted to a full partici-
pation in the privileges and powers of the Con-
gress of the United States.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I shall detain
the Senate but a very little while; but the im-
portance of the vote which is about to be taken
'and the issues iavolved^it seems to me, justify
a very full discussion of this case.
In the argument made yesterday by the dis-
tinguished Senator from Illinois, the ehan'maii
of the Committee on the Judiciary, [Mr. Iiujm-
Btfl.l,] it seems to me there were several errors-
hot only errors of law, but errors of fact, which
bught to be considered. In endeavoring to
explain the letter of resignation of Mr- Thomas
of the 11th of January, 1861, tfie'S^tiato'r from
Illinois felt himself constrained to say that that
was not an act giving countenance to the rebel-
lion within the oath, because at that time there
was no armed hostility against the Government
of the United States. Mr. President, that is
not true in point of fact. The Senator is mis-
taken. There had been various acts of hos-
tility performed before the 11th of January,
1861, which have been enumerated to-day by the
Senator from Michigan, and some of them yes-
terday by the Senator from Vermont. But,
sir, I will suppose, for the sake of the argument,
that up to that time there had been no acts of
armed hostility toward the United States; how
then stands the argument of the Senator from
Illinois? There were certain!}' acts of armed
hostility after that time; and when they were
committed they related back to and covered
all the preparations, all the previous steps,
which led to the subsequent acts of armed hos-
tility. If the rebellion was in a state of prep-
aration on the 11th of January, 1861, although
there had been no actual outbreak, no conflict
of arms up to that time, still, when the conflict
afterward took place, it related back and made
every act of preparation criminal and treason-
able. Can that proposition be doubted for a
single moment? Suppose a man places a bar-
rel of gunpowder under a building and it after-
ward explodes and destroys the house and the
lives of the inmates, and he is put upon trial.
He says, "At the time I put the gunpowder
there there was no explosion; the explosion
took place attorivard." Certainly; and if when
these preparations Were being made there had
been no acts of armed hostility, but those acts
occurred subsequently, they make the previous
preparations criminal, just as the subsequent
explosion made the placing of the barrel of
gunpowder under the building criminal and the
consequences murder.
Mr. President, another position assumed by
the Senator from Illinois struck me as being
somewhat remarkable. He said that Mr.
Thomas, in giving this money to his son, who by
means of it went, or tried to go, into the rebel
army, was guilty of a criminal act not more
than members of Congress were in voting money
to carry on tho school at West Point, because
some of tho cadets subsequently went into the
rebel army. I submit that that is a most ex-
traordinary comparison. If we voted money
to carry on the school at West Point, knowing
at tho time that the young men there to bo edu-
cated would go into the rebel army, then it
would be a parallel case. But if we voted
money to educate men to become officers in the
Union Army, and they subsequently became
traitors and went into the rebel army, then we
are not responsible. But, sir, in this case the
father gives the son money, knowing at the
time that he was going into the rebel army, and
for the express purpose of paying his expenses
and taking care of him. And yet it is by illus-
trations of this kind that the chairman of the
committee'seeks to smooth away the guilt of
this applicant and make him a proper person to
be admitted on the floor of the Senate.
But, Mr. President, there are one or two
other things in the argument of the Senator
from Illinois that I wish to refer to. For ex-
ample, when he comes to the letter of resigna-
tion, written in January, 1861, he says that
the difference of opinion there referred to is
simply as to the question of the right of the
Government to collect the revenue on board a
ship in the harbor of Charleston, instead of
collecting it at the custom-house. It lias been
shown that it did not refer to that, that that
was the subsequent matter alluded to in the
letter, and that the reason given for the resig-
nation was that lie could not agree with the
President in regard to the measures taken in
reference to Charleston haibor; and he goes i
on subsequently to say, " nor do I think it at all j
probable that 1 shall be able to concur'' with j
Mr. Buchanan in regard to the collection of ;
the revenue; but the resignation is placed upon j
the ground of what the Government bad already !
done, the conclusions come to "in reference I
t'o'fhe present condition of things in South I
Carolina:" and what were they? First, that
we would not obey the demand made by South
Carolina to evacuate Fort Sumter; and sec-
ondly, because two or three days before that
time the Brooklyn, a ship-of-war, had been
ordered down there for the purpose of rein-
forcing the garrison in Fort Sumter.
But, Mr. President, there is one proposition
slated by the Senator from Illinois that I agree
to, and I will read it from his speech. He
says:
"I quite agree with the Senator from Massachu-
setts, that where the Senate is satisfied that the
applicant for a seat cannot truthfully take the oath
he ought not to be permitted to take it."
That is a true statement of the law, that
where the Senate is satisfied that the applicant
cannot truthfully take the oath he ought not
to be permitted to take it. We agree upon
that proposition, but we differ in regard to the
application of it to this case. Now, the ques-
tion is presented, here, can this applicant truth-
fully take this oath, for the chairman of the
committee agrees that if he cannot we should
not let him in. What does this oath require?
That every person coming here shall swear
"that I have voluntarily given no aid, coun-
tenance, counsel, or encouragement to persons
engaged in armed hostility to the United
States." If he voluntarily gave aid, no differ-
ence what his motive may have been, he comes
wit&in the exclusion of the oath. Did Mr.
Thomas voluntarily give the $100? He cer-
tainly did. The son did not compel him to
give the §100. Nobody compelled him to do
so. It was his own act. It may have sprung
from parental feeling; but the question is, did
he voluntarily give the $100, and was that
$100 aid to the rebellion? It was aid, mate-
rial aid, that kind of aid without which war
cannot be carried on, aid of the utmost im-
portance to the son, at that time just about to
embark in military life; and he did it volun-
tarily.
Ah! but it has been argued that it was be-
cause he had the feelings of a father. Sir,
does that make any difference? Does the
motive make any difference if he voluntarily
gave aid? It has been argued here very com-
placently and very ingeniously that the motive
goes to make up the crime. Ah, sir, but the
law presumes motive from the act. You can-
not administer criminal law upon any other
principle. I will read to you a brief statement
from a high authority which states that prin-
ciple clearly and unmistakably; it is from
Bishop's Criminal Law, where the rule is thus
laid down :
That if a man intends to do what he is conscious
the law, which every one is conclusively presumed
to know, forbids, thero need nut be any other evil
intention. It is of no avail to him that ho means at
the same time an ultimate good."'
If a man does what he is conscious the law
forbids, that is all the evil intention that is re-
quired ; be may do it because of his affection
for his son, or because of his affection for his
family, but that does not excuse him. nor does
it change the character of the act. The ques-
tion is, does he do that which he is conscious
the law forbids him to do? If he does he is
held responsible by every criminal code in the
world. Every man is presumed to know the
law, and when he willfully violates the law. no
difference what his motives may be for doiii"
it-—it may be a motive of affection for his wife
or his child or his neighbor—still, if he willfuliv
violates the law. by every criminal code in the
world he is held responsible.
To carry this illustration a little further, sup-
pose1 find my son engaged in a quarrel with
another man; as a father I take, his part in -
voluntarily, without stopping to inquire into the
cause ot the quarrel; 1 am afraid my sou is
about to get hurt, seriously hurt, or be' killed :
and having^ no object of murder in my own
mmd, but simply the protection of my son. 1
place a pistol in his hand, and by that means
ue kills, without proper provocation, his an-
tagonist. There I had no object to murder nr. v
V , RS  nsP!red simply by those feeling's
which belong to every parent by a desire to
