138
SUPPLEMENT TO
siding officer, that there were such evidence of
common intent between these two parties as to
allow us to put in the acts of each to bear upon
the other; but I challenge any authority that
can be shown anywhere that, in trying a man
for an act before any tribunal, whether a judi-
cial court or any other body of tryers, testi-
mony can be given of what the respondent
said in his own behalf, and especially to his
servant, and a fortiori to his coconspirator.
A conspiracy being alleged, can it be that the
President of the U nited States can call up any
officer of the Army, and, by talking to him
after the act has been done, justify the act
which has been done?
The act which we complain of was the removal
of Mr. Stanton and the appointment of Mr.
Thomas. That has been done ; that is, if he
can be removed at all. I understand the argu-
ment just presented to us by the learned counsel
who is absent, after having delivered his argu-
ment, is, that there was no removal at all, and
no appointment at all. Then, of course, if
there was not, there has not been anything
done; we might as well stop here. Assuming,"
however, the correctness of another part of
his argument, to wit, that the only power of
removal remained in the President or in the
President and the Senate; assuming that to be
true, and therefore that he could not be quite
right in his idea that the question of removal
depended upon Mr. Stanton's legs in walking
out, because everything had been done but
that; assuming that that portion of his argu-
ment is the better one we insist that there was
a removal, there was an appointment, and that
is the act at any rate which is being inquired
about; for whatever the character of that act
is there is the end, be it better or worse.
But after that act I mean to say that Mr.
Thomas cannot make evidence for himself by
foing and talking with the President, nor the
'resident with Mr. Thomas. Even supposing
that the act was as innocent a thing as a con-
spiracy to get up a lawsuit, after the conspir-
acy had taken place and it had eventuated in
the act, then they could not put in their decla-
rations. True, there is not much evidence of
any such conspiracy, because I should suppose
that if the President meant to conspire with
anybody to get up a lawsuit he would have
conspired with his Attorney General and not
his Adjutant General. He is a queer person
with whom to make a conspiracy to get up a
lawsuit. But even a thing so innocent as that,
after it was done, could not be ameliorated,
defended, altered, or changed by the declara-
tions of the parties, one to the other. There-
fore, in limine, I must object; and I need not
go any further now than object to any evidence
of what the President says, which is not a part
of the thing done, a part of the res gcstcc, any
conversation which takes placc after the thing
done, after the act of which we complain.
Mr. STANBERY. Mr. Chief Justice, if I
understand the case as the gentleman supposes
it to be now, the whole case depends upon the
removal of Mr. Stanton.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I have not said
any such thing. I do not know what you under-
stand.
Mr. STANBERY. You say the transaction
stops with issuing the order for his removal.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. That transaction
stops.
Mr. STANBERY. Does not your conspir-
acy stop? Does not your ease stop ? That is
the question.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. No.
Mr. STANBERY. I agree myself thatyour
case stops with that order, because I agree
with what now seems to be the view taken by
the honorable Manager, that that did in fact
remove Mr. Stanton per se. If it did, it was
the law that give it that effect; for there is no
question about a removal merely in fact, no
question about an actual ouster by force here ;
but it is a question of a legal removal, and that
we are upon ; and I now understand the hon-
orable Manager to say that that order, accord-
ing to his judgment, effected a legal removal,
and it was not necessary for Mr. Stanton's legs
to move him out of office; he was already
out by the order. If Mr. Stanton was out by
the order, the learned Managers are also out
by the order, for then it must be a legal order,
making a legal removal, not a forcible, illegal
ouster.
But, says the learned Manager, the transac-
tion ended in giving the order and receiving
the order, and you are to have no testimony of
what was said by the President or General
Thomas except what was said just then, be-
cause that was the transaction; that was the
res gest(B. Does the learned gentleman forget
his testimony? Does he forget how he at-
tempted to make a case ? Does he forget, not
what took place in the afternoon between the
President and General Thomas that we are
now going into, but what took place that night?
Does he forget what sort of a case he attempts
to make against the President, not at the time
when that order was given, nor before it was
given, nor in the afternoon of the 21st, but
under his conspiracy counts, the Managers
have undertaken to give in evidence that on
the night of the 21st General Thomas declared
that he was going to enter the War Office by
force ?
That is the matter charged as illegal; and
the articles say that the conspiracy between
General Thomas and the President was that
the order should be executed by the exhibition
of force, intimidation, and threats, and to
prove that what has he got here? The decla-
rations of General Thomas, not made under
oath, as we propose to have them made, but
his mere declarations, when the President was
absent and could not contradict him—not, as
now, under oath, and all the conversation when
the President was present and could contra-
dict or might, admit. The honorable Manager
has gone into all that to make a case against
the President of conspiracy; and not merely
that, but proves the acts and declarations of
General Thomas on the 22d; and not only
that, but as late as the 9th of March, at the
presidential levee brings a witness, with the
eyes of all Delaware upon him,_ [laughter,]
and proves by that witness, or thinks he has
proved, that on that night General Thomas
also made a declaration involving the Presi-
dent in this conspiracy, as a party to a con-
spiracy still existing to keep Mr. Stanton out
of office.
Now, how are we to defend against these
declarations made on the night of the 21st or
the 22d, and again as late as the 9th of March ?
Does not the transaction run through all that
time? How is the President to defend himself
if he is allowed to introduce no proof of what
he said to General Thomas after the date of
the order? May he not call General Thomas?
Is General Thomas impeached here as a co-
conspirator? Is his mouth shut by a prosecu-
tion? Not at all. He is free as a witness—
brought here and sworn. Now, what better
testimony can we have to contradict this alleged
conspiracy than the testimony of one of the
alleged conspirators ; for if General Thomas
did not conspire, certainly the President did not
conspire. A man cannot conspire by himself.
And now we contradict by this testimony, and
have a right to contradict by this testimony,
what was stated on the night of the 21st. Here
is an interview on the afternoon of the 21st.
We want to show that notonlyat twelve o'clock
on the day when he received the order the
President gave him no instructions, no orders,
and made no agreement to use force; but that
at the subsequent meeting in the afternoon of
that day, when General Thomas returned to
report to the President that Mr. Stanton re-
fused to surrender the office, the President still
gave no directions and entered into no conspir-
acy of force; and that accordingly on the night
of the 21st, when General Thomas spoke of
his own intentions, he had no authority to speak
for the President; and he did not profess to
speak for him.
It is in this point of view, if the court please,
that it seems to me this is the very best testi-
mony we can give, and the most legal and
admissible. It is not after the transaction is
ended; it is not after the proof on the other
side is ended as to the conspiracy; but it is
long before the time when, according to their
proof, the conspiracy ceased. In that point
of view, we claim that, it is perfectly legal.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Mr. President, I
think I must have made myself very illy un-
derstood if what I said has been fairly met or
attempted to be met by the learned counsel.
This is my objection: not that they shall not
prove by Mr. Thomas that he did not say what
we proved that he said to Mr. Buiileigii ; he
will be a bold man to say he did not say it,
however ; not that they shall not prove that
he did not say what he proved we said to Mr.
Karsner, although I should think my learned
friend had had enough of Mr. Karsner; not
that they shall not show any fact which is
competent to be shown ; but the proposition I
make as a legal proposition, (and it has not
been met nor touched by the argument,) is
• that it is not competent to show that Mr.
Thomas did not say to Mr. Burleigh that he
meant to use force, by proving what was said
between Mr. Thomas and the President; that
the President cannot put in his declaifetion;
and I challenge again a law book to be brought
in before this Senate—common low, parlia-
mentary law, constitutional law, statute law,
or "law unto ourselves"—any law that was
ever heard of in which any such proposition
was ever held. It never was held, sir. Go
to your own reading; tell me of the case where
after we show that a man has done an act,
which act is complained of, when he is on trial
for that act, he can bring his servant, his co-
conspirator, and show what ho said to his
servant and his servant to him, in order to his
justification. What thief could not defend
himself by that, what murderer could not de-
fend himself by that—show what he said, the
one to the other, and the other to the one after
the thing has happened, after the act has been
done?
Now, it is said, as though this case was to
be carried on by some little snap-catch of a
word, that I said there was a removal, and,
therefore, I must have said it was a legal
removal. I say there never was a legal removal
of Mr. Stanton. There was an act of removal
so far as the President of the United States
could exercise the power, so far as he could do
it, so far as he is criminally responsible for it,
so far as he must be held to every intendment
of the consequences of it as much as though
Mr. Stanton had gone out in obedience to it;
because who is the President? He is the Chief
Executive, and has the Army and the Navy,
and has issued an order to one officer of the
Army to take possession.
But, Senators, I am not now insisting that
the President shall not ask Mr. Thomas, " Sir,
did you conspire?" I am content they shall
ask hi m that and I will ask him in return, "Did
you conspire with the President; did you do
this, or did you do that?" But my proposition
is, that they cannot put in what the President
said to Thomas, or what Thomas said to the
President after he had given the order. The
learned counsel says " Why these gentlemen
Managers have put in what Mr. Thomas said
all along, and what the President said all along.''
I understand that; so we can. It is the com-
monest thing in all courts of justice where I
have seen cases tried—and where I have not
the books are all one way upon that matter—
it is the commonest thing on earth to put in the
confession of a criminal made clear down to
the time of the trial, down to the hour of the
trial. Is it not? If he makes a confession the
moment the officer is bringing him and putting
him into the dock, it may be used against him.
But who ever heard that it gave the prisoner
the right to introduce what he said to his asso-
ciate, what he said to his servant, what he said
to his neighbor, after the act was done, be the
act whatever it may?
It is said you must allow him to put this in
because the President cannot defend himself
