THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
otherwise. He lias all the facts to defend him-
self with. What I mean to say is that he shall
not defend himself by word of mouth. I do
not claim that the conspiracy was made between
the 21st of February and the 9th of March. I
claim that it was made before that time ; and
I think we shall be able, before we get through,
to convince everybody else of it. I claim that
we find certain testimony of it between these
two dates.
Now, understand me. I do not object to
asking Mr. Thomas what he said to Mr. Bur-
leigh, what he said to Mr. Wilkeson, what he
said to Mr. Karsner, what he said to anybody,
where we have put in what he said; but I do
object to his putting in any more of the Presi-
dent's declarations after the act done. I do
not want any more such exhibitions as this.
When a simple order is given by the President
to his subordinate, a very harmless thing, quite
in common course, it is given to him with a
flourish of trumpets. "Now, I want you to
sustain the Constitution and laws;" and the
officer says, " I will sustain the Constitution
and the laws." Do we not understand what
all that was done for? It was a part of the
defense got up there at the time; a declaration
made to be put in here before you or before
some court.
Nobody can doubt what that was for. Did
he ever give any other order to Thomas or any
other officer and say: " Now, sir, here is a
little order, and I want you to sustain the
Constitution and laws; 1 am going to sustain
the Constitution and laws, and you must sus-
tain the Constitution and laws;" and then
solemnly for that officer to say, " I will sus-
tain the Constitution and the laws." Did you
ever hear of that in any other ease ? Why
was it done in this case? It was done for the
purpose of blinding whatever court should try
the ease, in order that it might be put in as a
justification. "Oh! I did not mean to do
anything but sustain the Constitution and the
laws, and I said so at the time." That decla-
ration was put in out of the usual and ordinary
course, and it is to prevent any more of that
sort of declarations got up, manufactured by
this criminal at the time when he was going
into his crime and after the crime was com-
mitted. that I make the objection. Under
sueh circumstances to give him the opportu-
nity to manufacture testimony in tins way
never was heard of in any court of justice.
Mr. EVAKTS. Mr. Chief Justice and Sen-
ators, if the crime, as it is called, of the Presi-
dent of the United States was complete when
this written order was handed by him to Gen-
eral Thomas and received by General Thomas,
why have the Managers occupied your attention
with other and later proceedings in his behalf of
the removal of Mr. Stanton? The first, the
only act in regard to that removal which the
Managers introduced, was of the 22d of Feb-
ruary, and the presentation of General Thomas,
and then with the purpose, as it was said, of
forcibly ejecting Mr. Stanton from the office of
Secretary of War. That is the act—that is the
fact—that is the res gestce, on which they stand ;
and it was by the combination of the delegate
from Dakota invited to attend and take part
in that act where the force was sought to be
brought into this case in the intention of the
President of the United States; and then the
evidence connecting the intention of the Presi-
dent of the United States with this act, this
fact, this res gentce of the 22d was drawn from
the hearsay evidence of what General Thomas
had said, and upon the pledge of the Managers
that they would connect the President with it.
Aud now, in the presence of a court of jus-
tice and in the Senate of the United States,
the Managers of the House of Representa-
tives, speaking "in the name of all the people
of the United States," object when we seek to
show what did occur between the President
and General Thomas up to the time of the only
act and fact they introduced on the 22d by hear-
say evidence of General Thomas's statements
of what he meant to do. They sought (o im-
plicate the President in the intended force to
be used by that hearsay testimony upon the
pledge that they would connect the President
with it; and we offer the evidence that we said
in the first instance should have been brought
here under oath of this agent or actor himself
to prove what the connection of the President
was. When that hearsay has been let in, sec-
ondary evidence, and we undertake to show by
the oath of the actor, the agent, the officer,
what really occurred between him and the
President of the United States, they say that
is of no consequence, that is no part of the
res gestce, and that is no part of evidence show-
ing what the relation between the parties was.
Why, Mr. Chief Justice and Senators, if the
learned Managers had objected that General
Thomas was not to be received as a witness
because he was a coconspirator, a cocrim-
inal, some of the observations of the learned
Manager might have some application ; but
that is not the aspect, and that is not the claim
in which the matter is presented to your no-
tice. It is that General Thomas being a com-
petent witness to speak the truth here as to
whatever is pertinent to this case is not to be
permitted to say what was the agency, what
was the instruction, what was the concomitant
observation of the President of the United
States that attended every interview antece-
dent to the time which they have put in evidence.
So, too, they have sought to give evidence
of intent, gathered from a witness who over-
heard what General Thomas said, pertinent,
as they supposed, on the 9th of March, and
that is upon the idea that General Thomas had
been empowered by the President to say or
do something that made his statements perti-
nent to commit the President. Now, if they
can show, through General Thomas, by hear-
say, what they claim is to implicate the Presi-
dent in intent, running up to the 9th of March,
we can prove by General Thomas, up to any
date in respect to which they offered evidence,
all that did occur between the President and
himself, in order that if there be connection
that may be made accurate and precise, and
if there be no connection that disconnection
be made absolute and complete.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. Mr. President
and Senators, I desire, to the right under-
standing of this controversy, that the question
to which my associate Manager objected may
be reported by the Secretary.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The counsel will
please reduce the question to writing.
The question was reduced to writing, and
read as follows:
What, occurred between the Piesident and your-
self at that second interview on the 21st?
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. The Senators
will notice that the attempt is now made for
the first time in the progress of this trial, and
I think is made here for the first time in the
presence of any tribunal of justice in this coun-
try by respectable counsel, to introduce in the
defense of an accused criminal his own declar-
ations made after the fact. Before this second
interview referred to in the question, the crime
charged in the first article, if crime it be, was
committed and complete. The time has not
yet come, Senators, for the full discussion of
thequestion, whether itwasacrime for Andrew
Johnson, on the 21st day of February, 1868,
with intent to violate -the act regulating the
tenure of certain civil offices, to issue an order
for the removal, as averred in the first article—
not "removing" as the counsel stated, but
" for the removal of"—the Secretary of War
from the Department of War not only in con-
travention of the express terms of that act itself,
but in defiance of the action of the Senate then
had upon the suspension under the same law,
by the same President, of the same Secretary,
and whereof he had notice. For myself, I
stand ready, as the learned counsel has seen
fit to make the challenge in this stage of
the case, to say that if the tenure-of-office act
be a valid act,, the attempt to remove in con-
travention of the provisions of that act which
declares a removal to be a misdemeanor, is
itself a misdemeanor, not simplv at common
law, but by the laws of the United States. I
am not surprised that this utterance was made
at this stage afthe case; for the learned coun-
sel who clodW his elaborate and exhaustive
argument iu the defense had ventured upon the
bold declaration here in the presence of -the
Senate, that an attempt to commit a misde-
meanor, made such by the laws of any sover-
eignty upon the earth, was not itself a crime
consummated by the very attempt, and itself a
misdemeanor.
I pass that question now; with all respect I
say it ought not to have been referred to in this
discussion. The only questionbefore the Sen-
ate is whethfer it is competent for an accused
criminal, high or low, official or unofficial,
President or private citizen, after the fact
charged against him, to make evidence for him-
self by his own declarations either to a co-
conspirator or to anybody else. That is all the
point there is involved in this question; and I
reiterate what was said, doubtless after due re-
flection, by my associate Manager, that there is
not an authority fit to be brought into a court
of justice but denounces the proposition as
hearsay and violative of the rules of law. Why
justice itself is impotent if evidence is to be
made by every criminal violator of the law for
himself, after the fact, by his own declarations.
I am amazed at the declaration of counsel
that the Senate have admitted hearsay in behalf
of the prosecution. Senators upon reflection
can assent to no sueh proposition. The decla-
ration of coconspirators made in the prosecu-
tion of the common purposes or common design,
never was held to be hearsay evidence. On
the contrary, it is primary evidence, and in the
language of one of our own courts, in most
instances, it is the only evidence which the
nature of the case ever admits of. It rests
upon the simple proposition of the law which
addresses itself to the common judgment and
the common sense of mankind that what one
man does by another he does himself. If the
President conspired with Lorenzo Thomas to
violate the laws of this country, and by his
written letier of authority sent him forth to
violate the law, he made him his agent, and
in the language of the law, whatever Lorenzo
Thomas did in the prosecution of that agree-
ment to do an unlawful act between himself
and the President, is evidence not simply
against himself, but against his principal.
It is the law of this country and of every
other country where the common law is ob-
served ; it is a question no longer open for dis-
cussion, and I may add that the question that
is raised here is one that is not open for dis-
cussion, for I venture to say that every text-
book that treats of the law of evidence declares
that the declarations of an accused after the
fact are never admissible upon his own motion.
All that is said at any one given time when
any part of what is said on that occasion has
been admitted for the prosecution, is admis-
sible. But that is not the question before the
Senate at all. This is a subsequent conver-
sation between himself and his coconspirator
after his crime was complete, after he had sent
forth his letter of authority to Thomas, after
he had issued the order for the removal of
Stanton, after the demand had been made by
Thomas for the surrender of the office. On
the evening of the 21st day of February there
is a conversation between these coconspirators,
confessedly conspirators if your law be valid,
upon their own answer before the Senate, in
order to exculpate themselves. I say to Sena-
tors that it is trifling with justice, trifling with
that justicc which was this day invoked in yom-
presence, to allow any man to make evidence
in this manner for himself after the fact.
How easy it was for him to say to Mr.
Thomas that night when ho found that inquiry
was being made in the Capitol touching this
criminal agreement between them, " Why, Mr.
Thomas, our only object is peacefully and
quietly to appeal to the courts of justice;"
" Why, Mr. Thomas, you must not touch tlio
hair of the head of the Secretary of War;"
"Why, Mr. Thomas, we both have the pro-
