1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
42*5
comes the spirit which was taught when young
is ready to induce him to serve his country.
All these guns are just now useless in our
arsenals, and I think we ought to supply them
to the States, and we ought to treat these
southern States which we have reconstructed
as we have all the other States, give them a
supply for their troops, and I cannot imagine
why anybody should refuse to them so small a
boon as that.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky stated that the
veil had been toin away from this atrocious
measure, and that it now stands in all its de-
formity before the world. Well, sir, I do not
fancy that it required a very high degree of
sagacity 011 the part of the honorable Senator
from Kentucky to perceive on the reading of
this bill that it really looked to certain contin-
gencies in the future, on the happening of
which it might be very proper that the loyal
governments of the insurrectionary States
should be provided with arms to defend them-
selves.
Now, sir, the issue presented to the country
at the present time in the position assumed by
the Democratic party is a very simple one. It
has been stated and restated in this Chamber
repeatedly. It is simply this: the destruction
and utter overthrow of the reconstructed gov-
ernments of the insurrectionary States exist-
ing under the reconstruction acts of Congress.
That is the issue 011 which they propose to go
to the people ; and if I understand their policy
correctly, it contemplates the violent over-
throw of those governments by force of arms
or by some other means.
Mr. Piesident, let us take a practical view
of this subject fur a moment. Here are double
governments in each one of the insurrectionary
States. The elder in point of time is what is
known as the Johnson governments. Those
governments, as announced in the President's
veto which we have had before us to-day, are
recognized by him as the only legitimate and
constitutional governments in the rebel States,
while in this document he states with great
fiankness and clearness that he regards the
reconstructed governments of the rebel States
as utterly devoid of constitutional authority, as
utterly illegal in themselves.
Now, sir, suppose this Democratic policy
shall be attempted to be carried out in the in-
surrectionary States. Suppose that a rising
shall take place in the course of the coming
fall in one or more of those States on the part
of the friends and abettors of the Johnson
governments; suppose they really take a step
toward bringing forward tins war of races, of
which we have heard so much; suppose they
disregard entirely the reconstructed govern-
ments and refuse obedience to their laws, what
then happens? The State is in a condition of
insurrection : there is a rebellion existing in
the State; one or the other of those two gov-
ernments will necessarily apply to the Execu-
tive of the United States for aid iu maintaining
the peace and executing the laws of the Gov-
ernment. Suppose the application should be
made by the Governor of a reconstructed gov-
ernment to Mr. Johnson, now the President of
the United States. Under the doctrine which he
has announced to-day in his veto message he
would be under no obligation at all to employ
the Army of the United States for the purpose
of upholding that government. On the other
hand, according to his own doctrines, here sol-
emnly announced, he would refuse to employ
the Army to put down such an insurrection ; he
would let it pass ; he would say to the southern
rebels engaged in this insurrection to overthrow
the reconstructed government, " Proceed ; you
are acting only according to the Constitution
and the laws; it is your right to hold aud exer-
cise the powers of Government there, and it is
not the right of the reconstructed government
to do so, and I will not interfere at all, and I
will by no means afford any aid to the recon-
structed government." Then, sir, what would
be the condition of the latter description of
government it is very easy to see. That gov-
ernment and its friends throughout the State,
black and white, would be at the mercy of the
insurgents, and the Government would have
no remedy whatever at the hands of Johnson.
Now, sir, I propose to keep my faith toward
the governments which wo have launched. I
propose to place in their bands the means of
defending themselves; and if there shall be
any attempt on the part of Johnson's govern-
ments to usurp the powers which the recon-
structed governments have derived under our
legislation, it is our duty by all the means in
our power to enable those governments to
defend themselves. Sir, it would be base,
indeed, in Congress in sueli an exigency to
withhold from the governments which they have
created those means which are necessary to
perpetuate their existence. I should he ashamed
of myself in such an exigency not to place
arms in the hands of these governments, and
I would, as the Senator from Missouri has
remarked, put down such an insurrection by
means of powder and ball, and every other
means known to the laws of war, whatever they
may be.
Sir, let not the Democratic party suppose
that the Republicans are so weak and feeble
that they dare not stand by the creatures which
they have launched into existence. Do not
let them lay to their hearts (he .flattering unc-
tion that there is any fear of consequences on
the part of that great and patriotic party in
this regard. We are prepared to meet every
exigency, whatever it may be, in whatever
shape it may present itself; and I hope that
we shall not shrink from the plain duty which
is thus imposed upon us to enable those govern-
ments to defend themselves against domestic
insurgents and against the policy of Johnson,
aud the policy of the Democratic party as now
fully revealed and understood. If they want
war, they can have it; we will not shrink from
the contest whatever responsibility of blood or
treasure it may require. We shall stand by
our policy and defend the governments which
we have launched into being. For these rea-
sons, sir, I would vote even to double the
quantity of arms in the southern States. If it
is desirable to launch a war of races, let those
who are fond of that kind of amusement under-
take it as soon as they please. I am prepared,
and I think the loyal people of the United
States, North and South, will be as ready for
that bloody contest as those who are now
attempting to promote it.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, Picree was
elected in 18-314, and the men who afterward se-
ceded then held possession of the Government
and of all its powers. In 1856 Buchanan was
elected, and the same men continued in posses-
sion of the Government and of all its powers.
In 18G0, when Lincoln was elected, the people
of the United States proclaimed that they in-
tended to have a change of rulers and of men.
The secessionists would not submit to the public
judgment; they revolted against it; and be-
cause they could not continue in possession of
the Government, with all its vast patronage,
they raised rebellion, they rebelled against the
judgment of the majority of the people of the
United States, of their country men ; andsooner
than submit to the domination of the voice of
numbers and the majority, and the transfer
of power from themselves to those who had
superseded them at the polls they chose to
make the conflict of arms in the form of rebel-
lion. Mr. President, the Republicans made
war against the rebellion rightfully, constitu-
tionally. They made their manifesto of war in
what is called the Johnson and Crittenden res-
olution. That is a noble document; it is true
in constitutional principle, in patriotism, and
in wisdom; and it was that noble manifesto
of purposes and principles that enabled the
party then in power to lead captive the minds
and the hearts of the American people. In
pronouncing that manifesto, and in striking '!
according to its principles for the assertion of ;j
the authority of the Government, the Kepnb- i
lican party acted the part of true and noble ii
patriots. If they had adhered to their plat- i!
form, to the immortal principles that glow an!
burn and illuminate the words of that resolu-
tion, they would have still held the heart and
the mind of the whole country captive. But
they were corrupted by power, as all parties
are corrupted with the possession of power;
they became selfish, ambitious, arrogant,
dominating. They forgot duty to country in
their devotion to self aud to power; they turned
upon the Constitution of their country which
they had unfurled upon their banner in tho
onset of the battle; they struck down that
Constitution and all the rights and liberties of
the people under it that stood in opposition to
them.
Mr. President, I am devoted to the Consti-
tution, to order, and to law. I worship 110 force
and 110 power but the force and the power that
are embodied in the Constitution and iu the
law. When the party drew the sword to up-
hold what is involved in those immortal words
I gave it my adhesion; but when the party
who thus unfurled its banner makes it but the
pretext of faction, of ambition, of party, and
of personal aggrandizement; when they move
forward to trample upon the great principles
of the Constitution aud the rights and liber-
ties of the people as secured by that Constitu-
tion, I turn against them, I care not who they
are.
Mr. President, your party in the enunciation
in the Johnson and Crittenden resolution of
the purposes for which it waged war agaiDSt
the rebellion won, as I stated, the hearts
and the confidence of the country, and de-
served it; but when it forgot the objects for
which it was making the war against the rebel-
lion and turned its forces upon the Constitu-
tion of its country, upon the liberties of its
people, upon that heritage of freedom which
was won for us by our fathers, then it was that
it lost the confidence of the country. Like the
secessionists when they had become unpatri-
otic and had forgotten public duty, aud the
people turned against them and demonstrated
that they desired a change in their rulers, the
Republican party became unwilling to sur-
render power, and to retain power it was guilty
of usurpation, revolution, just as the secession-
ists had been.
In the early days of the war under the noMe
principles of the Johnson and Crittenden res-
olution, that party made secessionism and re-
bellion odious, hateful, detestable ; but they
came to commit so many enormities them-
selves, so many outrages upon their country
and their Government, so many flagrant viola-
tions of every great principle of liberty guar-
anteed by the Constitution, that they are begin-
ning to make rebellion itself comparatively
respectable. Yes, Mr. President, it was your
party, your leaders, your counselors, your
policy that have at length made rebellion com-
paratively respectable. \ ou have wrested from
the hated features of secessionism much of
their odium, much of the horror with which
they were contemplated by the people of the
country. IIow and why'? By your own abuses
of power; by your own excesses in the uses
of power; and when you had thus turned the
public judgment and the public voice against
you as the secessionists had in I860 and there-
abouts, you, like them, became unwilling to
yield power even into the hands of the people
who had reposed it in you, and you, like the
rebels and the secessionists, were willing to
make revolution, to trample under foot the
Constitution and all of its sacred principles
sooner than yield up to the people that trust
of power which they had reposed in you. Sir,
you have become revolutionists, rebels; you
have deposed from their position the seces-
sionists ; you have subrogated them, and you
have done that to assume yourselves^ a paral-
lel position of revolution, of oppression, and
of usurped power. 'The voice of the reason
and virtue of this nation is overwhelmingly
against you, and demands of you to yield up
the Government aud all of its trusts, lou are
not willing to do so, and sooner than submit
to these terms and these requisitions of the
