1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
protect my son ; but I am guilty under the law,
and I cannot escape the responsibility. If this
father, from parental considerations or from
any other motive, has voluntarily given him aid
to go into the rebellion by furnishing him $100
to go into the rebel army, the case is made
out, and he cannot take the oath. I ask the
Senator from Illinois how he can take the
oath ? The Senator agrees with me that if he
cannot take it truthfully he should not be al-
lowed to take it at all. I say that no man can
insist that he can take it truthfully, because he
has voluntarily given the $100. That money
was aid, and therefore, although it may have
been given because he was a father, or from
other considerations, he voluntarily gave aid,
and he cannot take the oath ; and therefore,
according to the Senator from Illinois, we
should not allow him to take it. •
But, Mr. President, the oath goes further
than that. He is required to swear that he
has not voluntarily given countenance to the
rebellion. He need not have given aid; he
need not have given money or arms or provis-
ions, for these things are aid; but he must
swear furthermore that he has not given coun-
tenance to the rebellion, or to persons engaged
in armed hostility to the United States. That
comes short of material aid; it does not mean
aid or comfort within the meaning of the clause
of the Constitution or of the act of Congress
defining the crime of treason. Countenance
may come far short of that, and this man is
required to swear that he has not voluntarily
given countenance to the rebellion.
Mr. President, I appeal to the honorable
Senator from Illinois if this man can truthfully
take the oath, can hold up his hand truthfully
and swear that he has not voluntarily given
countenance to the rebellion ? I say ho can-
not ; first, because he gave aid and comfort to
his son when that son went to join the rebel
army, material aid ; and secondly, because, at
a time when our Government seemed to be
crumbling to pieces, when Cabinet minister
after Cabinet minister was deserting the Gov-
ernment, and it seemed to be tottering to its
fall, and all the Governments of Europe came
to the conclusion that it was about to tumble
down from its own inherent weakness, only two
days after the Star of the West had been fired
upon, after the property of the Government
had been seized, the arsenals and the mints had
been robbed, the sub-treasurieshad been plun-
dered, forts had been seized—at this time he
resigned his place in the Cabinet, and said he
did it because he could not agree with the Pres-
ident, inasmuch as the President had come to
the conclusion that he would not longer allow
the public property to be seized by the enemies
of the Government. Was this giving counte- !
nance to the rebellion? I might submit it to
any impartial man. I wonder that the clear
and powerful mind of the Senator from Illinois
does not at once admit the fact that here is
countenance to the rebellion voluntarily given.
I ask you, sir. what could eneouragc the
rebels more at that tira-e? When was it? It
was when tliey were organizing their gov em-
ernment at Montgomery, or beginning to do it:
it was at the time when a convention had been
called to meet in the city of Montgomery;
when State after State was preparing to go out;
when fort after fort had been seized at Charles-
ton, New Orleans,and Mobile; at a time, too,
when our ships had been burnt at Norfolk. At
such a time this man leaves the Cabinet, pub-
licly publishes to the world the reason, says
that he cannot s'ay there because Mr. Buchanan
has come to the conclusion that he will not
order the evacuation of Fort Sumter, and be-
cause he has sent a ship-of-war there to reen-
force our small garrison. I ask you, Mr. Pres-
ident, if you can conceive an act, short of
giving mooey or arms or provisions, that could
afford more direct countenance, within the
meaning of the oath, to the rebellion ? What
could encourage tliem more than to find that
the very Cabinet of the President, his consti-
tutional advisers here in the capital, were de-
serting him from day to day because they
denied his power to prevent South Carolina
from seizing the forts and hauling down our
flag in dishonor?
Sir, these things did give countenance to the
rebellion. We talk about Great Britain hav-
ing prematurely recognized the rebel govern-
ment. There was much to excuse Great Brit-
ain for her act; there was much to dishearten
our own people ; we had seen the Government
crumbling almost to its fall; we had seen those
high in authority, who were sworn to maintain
the Constitution and preserve the Union, aban-
doning the Government in its hour of peril
and giving countenance to the rebellion. Sir,
this man is required to swear that he has never
voluntarily given countenance to it. Can he
do it truthfully? If he cannot do it truthfully,
then, according to the Senator from Illinois,
he should not be admitted upon this floor. Sir,
he cannot do it truthfully, and we all know it.
Now, Mr. President, take this case altogether,
and what is it? It was said by the Senator
from Michigan in his speech a few minutes ago
that he looked with suspicion upon the whole
evidence exculpating Mr. Thomas. I do, too,
and I said as much four weeks ago in this body
on that subject. It was the son who had gone
to the rebel army, who had received the §100,
who was swearing for his father's seat in the
Senate, and who swore in the same testimony
that he did not know what his father's politics
were, never had heard him say which side he
was on—a thing that was unnatural and im-
probable, a thing that could not be testified
truthfully by any son who lived at the hearth-
stone of his parents!
But, Mr. President, this act of giving the
son $100 to aid him in going into the rebel
army is in the same direction with the letter of
resignation.  
The whole conduct of this man tends to the
same point. The case of Colonel Stokes in i
the House of Representatives has been referred
to, both by my colleague on a former occasion
and by the Senator from Illinois yesterday.
They have said that Colonel Storks wrote a
disloyal letter, and yet, he was admitted into
the House of Representatives. 1 ask where is
the parallel between this case and that of Col-
onel Stokus ? Colonel Stokes was a Union
man, as was conclusively shown, before ho
wrote that letter; he was a Union man imme-
diately after writing it, and went into the Union
Army, and was distinguished for his valor and
patriotism. Before the letter ever saw the light
he was in the service of his country m the Union
Army. Is there any parallel between the cases ?
Here is a man who writes a disloyal letter, and
his whole life afterward is disloyal; there is ,
no palliating circumstance; and we find him
more than three years alter the letter is writ-
ten giving his son 15100 to go into the rebel
army, Bvery act of his is in the same direc-
tion. lie was disloyal in the beginning and
disloyal in the end.
Then there is.his speech at Annapolis. That
was slurred over and disposed of in a very
summary way by a Senator the other day; but
it cannot be disposed of in that way with me.
On the 11th of March last, when this man
was elected to the Senate, or had just received
his nomination, which was equivalent to an
election, in the excitement of the moment he
spoke the, feelings of his heart, and what did
he say? Allow me to remark that this report
of his speech was not disproved ; the man who
made the report, was before the committee,
and swore to its truth, and no person was
brought to contradict the fidelity of that re-
port. In that speech he said of Congress:
"Tha.t the men now assembled at Washington, be-
fore the war occurred, were bent upon dissolving the
Union, and they went to wai believing it tantamount
to its dismemberment.''
The very talk of the rebels before the war,
through the war, ami since (he war—that the
men who stood by the Union were traitors;
that they violated the Constitution because
they would not allow the Constitution to be
destroyed. That has always been the rebel
argument, and we find it in the mouth of this
man. on the night of his nomination to a seat
in this body, on the 11th of March last, and
he does not stop there.
"lie said they were now bent upon the establish-
ment of a militaiy despotism."
That is not true, but we will let it pass.
" lie would go to the Senate to face those men who
are now, and always were, tiaitois to the Union."
My distinguished friend from Illinois should
remember that he is here embraced as one of
the " traitors " to the Union ; and if this indi-
vidual comes here to face these men whom he
denominates traitors it will be by the votes of
the men whom he thus stigmatizes. I refer to
this speech to show that the rebel animus of
this man has not changed. It was said yester-
day by the Senator from Illinois that the ques-
tion is, is he loyal now, not was he disloyal six
years ago. Sir. that is not the question under
the oath. He may be now as loyal as you
please and he cannot take the oath.
I refer to this speech to show that his feel-
ings have not changed, that he is to-day, at
heart, the same rebel thai he was when he re-
signed his place in Mr. Buchanan's Cabinet
because Mr. Buchanan would not order the
evacuation of Fort Sumter and surrender
South Carolina and the whole South to the
rebels. This little speech of his shows that
he has not changed, that there has been no
repentance, no contrition on his part, that he
is not sorry for what he said or for what he did,
and in the excitement of his triumph he de-
clares that the Union men of Congress made
the war because they wanted to destroy the
Union ; that they are traitors now, as they have
ever been, and that he is coming here to face
them. Sir, the vote will show whether he comes
here to face them or not.
Mr. President, upon the ground on which
the case has been placed by the chairman of
the Committee on the Judiciary, that if the
applicant cannot take this oath truthfully he
ought not to be allowed to take it at all, 1 say
that he ought to be excluded. He cannot
swear truthfully that he never voluntarily gave
aid to the rebellion; he cannot swear truth-
fully that he never voluntarily gave counte-
nance to those engaged in armed hostility to
the United States; and for that reason he
ought not to be received upon this lloor.
Sir. STEWART. Mr. President, I do not
wish to detain the Senate or to prolong this
debate ; but I desire to make a single remark.
I wish to ask the Senate how this gentleman
would appear if he were defending his prop-
erty from a suit in the South for confiscation ?
They confiscated in the South the property of
men who were, loyal to this Government.
Now let us see where he would stand before
a rebel court in such a case; or before a rebel
congress, if he were applying there for admis-
sion to a seat. Suppose he had moved over
there, and was elected to their congress, and
they had a rule preventing any one wdio had
been faithful to this Government from talcing
a seat with them. What kind of a plea could
he make then? Could he not remind them of
the fact that when the war commenced he took
his position with Jeff. Davis, with Cobb, with
Toombs, and the rest of them ; that there was
no power in this Government to sustain itself,
and so declared in a letter in which he resigned
an important office, so as to cast the moral force
of his character with them, so as to give his
indorsement to the movement they were about
to inaugurate! Could he not say, "I associ-
ated with your patriotic leaders; I was a friend
in the darkest hour of the rebellion of Jeffer-
son Davis; I, too, resigned a high office under
the Government of the United States to give
aid and countenance to your movement?"
Could he not sav that after the rebellion had
been inaugurated, after he had resigned this
high office, he went to Maryland and there as-
sociated with rebels; that ho gave them his
moral support; that he denied any sympathy
or aid to the Union men of his State; that he
refused even to vote under the Yankee Gov-
ernment; that he refused to take, any of their
oaths of loyalty; that he refused to recognize
