3222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
Vermont to the amendment. The amendment
to the amendment was rejected.
The PKESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio to the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to suggest a pro-
viso to the section drawn by the Senator from
Ohio, which perhaps lie will accept; it carries
out the original idea of the Senator from Ken-
tucky :
Provided, That the $20,000,000 of additional circu-
lation herein authorized shall be issued only; as cir-
culation shall be withdrawn as heroin provided, so
that at no time shall the whol© amount of circula-
tion notes exceed $300,000,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is almost precisely
in the words of a proviso which I have drawn
myself, which I will add to my amendment, in
these words;
Provided, That the circulation herein authorized
shall be issued only as circulation is withdrawn, and
so that the aggregate circulation shall not at any time
exceed $300,000,000.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection myself
to the proposition of the Senator from Maine ;
I think it is a repetition of the meaning and
effect of the proposition made by the Senator
from Ohio. In that view of the effect of both
propositions, I am willing, so far as I am con-
cerned, to accept the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Maine.
The PRESIDENT profempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio to the amendment made as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to inquire
whether, under the amendment as now modi-
fied, with the proviso added, it is possible for
the Comptroller to withdraw the $20,000,000
■without issuing them to the southern States.
Mr. FESSENDEN". He issues precisely as
he withdraws.
Mr. HENDERSON. I understand that he
cannot increase the total amount over and
above $300,000,000 j but is there any require-
ment that he may not decrease below that?
Mr. FESSENDEN. He is required to issue
$20,000,000 more, and to withdraw for that
purpose.
Mr. HENDERSON. I should like to have
the amendment of the Senator from Ohio read
in connection with the proviso. My under-
standing now is tha't under that proposition
$20,000,000 may be withdrawn and not a dol-
lar issued.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That would not hurt the
country any.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
That to secure a better distribution of the national
banking cuirency, there may be issued circulation
notes to banking associations organized in States
and Territories having a less national banking cir-
culation than five dollars per each inhabitant; but
the amount of such circulation shall not exceed
$20,000,000; and the circulation herein authorized
shall, within one year, "be withdrawn pro rata from
banks organized in States having a circulation
exceeding that provided for by the act approved
March 3,1865, entitled "An act to amend an act enti-
tled 'An act to provide a national currency secured
by a pledge of United States bonds, and to provide
ior the" circulation and redemption thereof;'" to
ascertain which the Comptroller of the Currency
shall make a statement showing the amount of cir-
culation to bo retired by each of such banks, and
shall make a requisition for such amount upon such
bank, commencing with banks in States having the
largest, excess of circulation; and upon failure of
such bank to return the amount so required within
the year aforesaid it shall be the duty of the Comp-
troller of the Currency to sell at public auction, in
New York, an amount of the bond:* deposited by said
bank as security for their circulation equal to the
circulation to be withdrawn from such bank, and
with the proceeds to redeem so much of the notes of
said bank as may come into the Treasury as will
equal the amount required from them: Provided,
That the circulation herein authorized shall be
issued only as circulation is withdrawn, and so that
the aggregate of circulation shall not at any time
exceed $300,000,000.
Mr. HENDERSON. I suggest to the Sen-
ator from Ohio that after the words u circula-
tion herein authorized," in the proviso, he
insert the words "and actually issued." The
proper construction of the language as it is
will certainly give the Comptroller authority to
withdraw $20,000,000 whether banking capital
is used in the South or not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all. t He can
only withdraw for the purpose of issuing.
Mr. HENDERSON. If that be the idea
there can be no objection to inserting the
words " and actually issued" after the words
''circulation herein authorized."
- Mr. FESSENDEN. It is already issued—
already out.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole as thus
amended.
The amendment, as amended, was concurred
in.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suppose the bill is now
open to further amendment.
The PKESlDENTpro tempore. It is.
Mr. RAMSEY. I offer this amendment as
an additional section:
And be it further cnact<>df That when any national
banking association shall desiro to change its name
or location, the directors of such association shall
hie with the Comptroller of the Currency a written
statement, setting forth the changes proposed and
the reasons therefor, and upon the approval of the
Comptroller of the Currency the first and second ar-
ticles of the organization certificate of such associa-
tion may be amended by a vote of the shareholders
owning thiee fourths of the stock, so as to provide
for such removal and change of name, which amend-
ment shall be certified to the Comptroller of the
Currency under the seal of the association, together
with the names of the shareholders and the number
of shares held by each voting for or against the
amendment. Whereupon notice shall be given at
the expense of the association by publication for
thirty days in one newspaper published in the city
of New York, one in the city of Washington, and
one in the place where such association is located,
or if there be no newspaper at such place, then in a
newspaper published at the neaiest place thereto,
that said association has taken the necessary stops
to change its name and location, and calling upon
all creditors to present their claims for payment,
and at the expiration of thirty days from tho first
publication of said notice the office of the association
may bo removed as aforesaid; but provision shall
first be made lor the payment of its deposits and the
redemption of its circulating notes at an oflicc in tho
place where said association was originally organ-
ized for six months after the removal, and after the
expiration of six months all deposits not paid shall
be payable, and all circulating notes not redeemed
shall be redeemable at the office of the association;
Provided. That none of tho rights of cieditois, none
of the liabilities of debtors, and none of the rights or
liabilities of the association shall be in any way im-
paired or modified by such change of name or loca-
tion ; and tho removal shall not bo beyond tho bounds
of the State of its first location.
This amendment is intended to supply an
omission in the original banking bill, and was
drawn up at my instance by the Comptroller of
the Currency, and meets his approbation. I
have before me a letter of his, in which he says :
m" Mr. Ramsey's bill, which I have marked as sec-
tion three, was prepared originally under my super-
vision, and is intended to meet a want which has
long been felt. Quite a numberof applications have
been made by national banks for the privilege of
changing their names or location, all of which X
should have favored if the law had given me power
to do so. Several banks, organized originally in the
oil regions, in localities whore business was brisk
and money plenty, have, by the fluctuations in the
oil trade, and the failure of the oil wells, been left
almost entirely without business, and have become
entirely useless as banks. Itwouldbe very desirable
if some provision could be made for their removal.
I think the concurrence of three fourths of the stock-
holders and the approval of the Comptroller of the
Currency, which this bill requires, would prevent any
abuse of the privileges therein granted."
It so happens that two or three banks in my
State were located erroneously at the incep-
tion of this banking system ; and they wish to
remove to other and more desirable localities ;
the stockholders of the banks consent, and the
people of the locality to which they wish to
go desire to have them. I can see no reason-
able objection to allowing them to do it, and I
am surprised that having this unqualified
approbation ofthe Comptroller ofthe Currency
before them, the Committee on Finance did
not recommend this proposition.
It was natural that in the first institution of
these banks throughout the country some of
them should have been mislocated, and it is sur-
prising to me that the first law did not provide
in some way for allowing a change of location.
Again, doubtless there must be occasion tor
the change of names. Surely, that is a very
harmless thing, and there can be no objection,
I imagine, to allowing a bank to change its
name when that is desired under proper safe-
g"lamsurprised that the Committee on Finan ce
did not see this matter m the same light that
those whom I represent and the Comptroller
of the Currency did. Surely no harm can cor"e
from the proposition. It is, indeed, most ob-
viously right. Why should there not be some
proposition on the statute-book to meet the
case ? It may be said, let each case come here
on its own merits, and a special law can be
passed ; but where errors are so certain to be
made, where there must be necessarily many
mistakes, why should we not provide a general
remedy and not put parties to the inconven-
ience of coming to Congress in every special
case. For myself I think the proposition is
obviously right, and I hope the Senate will so
regard it.
Mr. SHERMAN. We examined this mat-
ter of putting banks on wheelbarrows and
wheeling them from one State to another and
one county to another, and concluded that it
would not do. If the business of a bank dies
out in any particular place the law points out
a mode in which it may be wound up very
easily. We have provided a section here under
which it can be wound up in sixty days, and
then the stockholders can take their chance
for a new location. The result of a proposi-
tion of this kind would be, as every Senator
can see, that banking capital would concen-
trate in the large commercial ports with great
advantage to banks and to the injury of the
communities throughout the country generally.
When the Senator from Minnesota comes to
consider it and think of it, I am sure he will
find that it is surrounded with difficulties. The
Finance Committee unanimously rejected the
proposition after fair examination.
Mr. RAMSEY. A very common mode of
killing a thing that is right in itself is by giv-
ing it a bad name; and so the Senator calls
this a proposition to move about these banks
on wheelbarrows. Why did not the Comp-
troller of the Currency see it in that light?
He makes no objection of that kind. The
whole matter is in his province, under his con-
stant supervision, and he sees no difficulty of
that kind. When a bank is mislocated and
another location is desirable, what possible
harm can there be in allowing it to be removed
from one place to the other?
Again, sir, to guard against any abuse of this
privilege, it is required that a removal shall
only take place with the consent ofthe Comp-
troller of the Currency. His supervision was
your only guarantee against abuse in the (irst
location of the batiks. His assent was then
required, as I now require it, to any change
of location. The law requires a certain pop-
ulation in order to justify a bank of a certain
capital. All these securities still remain in
the law. The proposition which I have made
is not to allow banks to remove themselves
about on wheelbarrows, but it is simply to allow
changes of location under proper supervision
li^ % Comptroller of the Currency. He is
the olficer of the Government who has special
charge of banking affairs, and the proposition
is entirely agreeable to him. I ask for the
yeas and nays on my amendment. I want
to see whether localities that have not been
accommodated can be accommodated.
-the question being taken by 3'eas and navs,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 23 ; as follows : " '
