2198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
States no more republican systems of govern-
ment than this one, it would be infinitely better
for the country that it should attend to its
proper and legitimate duties and let the States
alone. If theStatescannotgovern themselves
better aud more wisely than Congress has done,
then I agree that the boasted capacity of our
qwn race in this countryfor self-government is
a dream, a myth.
Mr. FARN8WORTII rose.
Mr. KERB. I will yield for a question.
Mr. FARNSWOIITH. I wish to inquire
whether the gentleman speaks of voters, regis-
tered voters under the reconstruction acts?
■Mr. KERR. I speak of population.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman has
been speaking of voters.
• Mr. KERR. T referred to the population
as' my aggregates will show. But, sir, it makes
no difference'—the result is the same, although
the figures would be less if 1 took voters
alone. Now, it is pretended there are but a
few thousand white men in the State of Ala-
bama who have been disfranchised by this con-
stitution. Mr. Speaker, with a predominance
in numbers of nearly one hundred thousand in
the State, the white voters are made about
twenty-one thousand less than the negroes by
the proeeess of military registration there and
radical disfranchisements of the white voters.
I invite attention to the following facts on this
subject, which settle forever the pretense that
butfevvare disfranchised. In 18GG a census was
taken of the people of Alabama, andis reported
by the assistant commissioner of the Bureau of
Refugees and Froedmen, by which it appears
that the whole population, white and black, was
!l72,l.r)8. The negro piffuilation alone was
439,469, and the white population was r>3'2,689,
making ail excess of whites of 93,220. By
the census of 3800 the whole population was
004,191, and the blacks were 437,700, and the
whites 526,431, making an excess of whites of
88,071. By the census of 1801 the white males
over twenty-one years of age were 108,410,
and the black males were 90,003, making an
excess of white males of voting age of 17,807
in the State.
Mr. Speaker, I invite attention to another
beautiful illustration of the manner in which
it is proposed here to make constitutions " re-
publican in form.'' In the State of Alabama,
by this proposed constitution, three entire
counties are disfranchised ; their very existence
is ignored—they are not noticed even by the
constitution in the apportionment of repre-
sentatives. They have no representation in the
Senate or House of the Alabama Legislature.
Why ? Because they have a predominance of
white voters. They would send white repre-
sentatives. They would 'be controlled by
white men. They must therefore be stricken
down and ignored entirely.
Mr. UPSON". I should like to ask the gen-
tleman to state by what authority these coun-
ties were created?
Mr. KERR. I will state by what authority
they were created. By the constitution of
Alabama as it stood until 1806 it was provided
that no county should contain less than nine
hundred square miles. Under that arrange-
ment there were fifty-two counties in Alabama.
The convention of 1800 reduced the minimum
of laud necessary to constitute a county to six
hundred square miles. The latter provision is
adopted and continued in the constitution now
beforetheHouse. Underthattenuew counties
wore created, to-wit, Clay, Cleburn, Crenshaw,
Elmore, Hale, Leo, Bullock, Baine, Colbert,
and Jones. All these ten counties were recog-
nized in the registration of voters for the con-
vention in the fall of 1867. The convention
ignored the existence of three of them, to-wit:
Baine, Colbert, and Jones, recognizing and
retaining the other seven. The registration
shows that there were hardly any negroes in
Jones and Baine, and in Colbert the whites
exceeded the negroes more than two to one.
In four at least of the seven retained, to-wit,
Elmore, Hale, Lee, and Bullock, the blacks
greatly exceeded the whites. The three coun-
ties were ignored, I have no doubt, because
they would be controlled by white men. This
is the history of that matter.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I wish to invite attention
for a moment to another of the documents
which illustrate the republican character of the
constitution of Alabama. I refer to what is
called the militia ordinance of that State.
That military ordinance is not published with
this constitution. It is not put into the pos-
session of the members of the House. It is
purposely kept out. It is the design to keep
it in the back-ground. It is a "good thing,''
and when the constitution is adopted that ordi-
nance will be adopted and become part of the
fundamental law of Alabama. It provides,
Mr. Speaker, that a volunteer militia shall be
organized from the male inhabitants between
eighteen and forty-five years of age, "without
regard to race or color," with one company at
least to each county, and not more than one
company to every one thousand electors; It
is made a complicated and expensive military
organization. Of whom will that militia con-
sist? Mr. Speaker, it will consist only of the
black men ot Alabama. The white men will
not degrade themselves by going into the ranks
and becoming a part of the militia of the State
with the negroes. They will never do it; they
will shrink from it with loathing. They did
not do it during the war ; they did not degrade
themselves by that kind of association in which
we indulged even during that struggle. They
have never done it and they ought not to be
required to do it.
But when this militia is organized let us see
what are some of its powers. It is proposed :
" Skc. 13. Any one who shall have boon enlisted in
tho volunteer militia of tlio State, having beon pre-
viously made acquainted with thedutiesand require-
ments ot'the service, and shall afterward neglect or
refuso to obey thr lawful orders of his superior offi-
cer. or willfully violates :vny o f 111 o provisions of this
ordinance, shall pay tho sum of twontydotlars. to be
levied upon liis goods and chatties, by order of tho
commanding officer of the district, and may be
imprisoned or put to hard labor by said officer until
said tine is paid, and shall then be assigned to such
platoon or company as the conmiandingotllccrs of tho
district may direct; nnd any person thus liable to
militia service, who shall refuse or neglect to perform
such service, shall pay a Jine ot live dollars per day
for every day bo fails' to rendci «uch service, after
having been thereto required by his officers, and in
addition thereto such delinquent shall be subject to
arrest and punishment, within the discretion of a
court-mnrtial: and nothing in this section fchall be
construed to exempt any man from military scrviee.
"Sec. 14. Tho commanding officer of each platoon
orcompany shall certify to tho commanding officer
of the battalion or regiment to which he is attached a
list of all persons liable to line under the provisions
of this oidmance, with thenumberof daysench per-
son has neglected or refused to do duty, which list
shall be by the commanding officer of tho battalion
or regiment certified to the clerk of the circuit court
of tho county ten days before tho next term of the
said court, who shall placo a copy of said list on a
conspicuous place inhisoffico at least five days before
tho first day of tho term."
These military officers of this volunteer
militia, this colored army under the control of
course as they will be of white men, of mem-
bers of the party of the majority here, will
ccrtify all the delinquencies of these men to
the clerk of the circuit court, and then with-
out trial, without evidence, without hearing,
without appeal, without any safeguards of
civil or personal liberty, these returns are to
be entered as tho solemn judgments of that
court, to bo collected by execution.
But it is further provided :
"Sice. 15. It shall be the duty of the circuit court to
render a judgment and an execution against each
person named in his said list for the sum due by him
and cost, which shall be collected asotherfines. The
sheriff of the county may collect all sums due in said
list before judgment, and shall pay over tho same to
the State treasury, to the credit of the militia fund.
He shall certify to tho commanding officer of the dis-
trict the names of all persons who fail to pay the
amount stated againsttliem in said lists, or who have
no property whereof to levy such execution, and the
commanding officer of tho district shall arrest and
put at labor theperson3 mentioned in the last-named
iists, until the amounts due by them are paid; and it
shall be the duty of the circuit attorney ot the proper
circuit, to prosecute all such matters as shall come
before the said court by virtue of said section."
Before judgment, upon the mere return of
militia officers, in violation, I submit, of ereiy
principle that has hitherto characterized the
organization of civil governments in this coun-
try, or our legislation in such cases, the power
is here given to the sheriff to proceed to collect
fines and forfeitures by levy and sale of the
property of the citizens.
But the most remarkable section m this or-
dinance is the twentieth, which I now read :
"Sec 20 All taxes levied and collectcd for mili-
tary purposes, and all lines imposed upon militia-
men by this ordinance, all proceeds of the sale of
contraband or captured property xeize.d or capturcd by
the militia, and all other appropriations and levies
made for the benefit of the militia, shall likewise
bo paid into tho treasury to the credit of tho said
fund. Out of such fund shall be paid all expenses
incurred according to law, and audited by the proper
officers, and appropriations for military purposes, as
other claims against tho State.
Mr. Speaker, what does this section mean ?
What is it that may become '' contraband or
captured property seized or captured by the
militia?" 1 confess I am embarrassed to un-
derstand the exact meaning of that expression.
It seems to be expected that the militia are to
make war upon somebody; to prowl about the
country in search of contraband property.
What is contraband property? It is usually
defined to be property the importation or ex-
portation of which is prohibited by law. Are
the civil laws of Alabama to be enforced by
this negro militia? Are white men to be dis-
armed by them? It appears to me that this
whole system of legislation for the States of
the South is most cruel; it tends to perpetuate
and intensify the natural antagonism of races;
to provoke strife, envy, hatred, open hostility,
and finally a war of races; to prevent the
growth of hearty sympathy, generous confi-
dence and cooperation, and obedience to the
laws of mutuai and intelligent self-interest
between the races; for there needs not and
ought not to be any conflict of interests; both
races would naturally seek the aid of each other
in appropriate ways if not poisoned and es-
tranged by the pestiferous and wicked inter-
ference of partisans and demagogues. The
most of this interference has no higher motive
than malignity against the whites and a selfish
interest in the control of the negroes.
This prolonged oppression, agitation, and
injustice is rapidly crushing out the recuper-
ative power of the people of Alabama; redu-
cing one of the greatest natural fields of fruit-
fulness, wealth, health, and happiness on this
continent to a desert waste ; depreciating the
value of and destroying the demand for all
property in the State, until it is true to-day that
many of the best lands will not sell for as much
as they could have been, and in many cases
were, rented for in 1860. The business of the
State i3 everywhere crippled or prostrated ;
her industry and material development are dis-
couraged and suspended ; immigration is re-
pelled from her borders: foreign capital sees
neither security, equal laws, nor reasonable
prospect of return; and hope has well nigh,
fled from her unhappy aud suffering people.
If punishment is the object of these laws it
seems to me the most cruel nature should be
satiated by what her people have already buf-
fered.
The State should be admitted at once to rep-
resentation under her own constitution, not
this mongrel and bastard instrument, because
she was never out of the Union, never lost or
forfeited her equal right with the other States
to self-government, and is now simply the
victim of superior brute force, not of lawful
or constitutional punishment or control.
Mr. Speaker, I desire,forfuture information.
remarks6 °rdi"anoe a Part >a3'
An ordinance for the organization of tho volunteer
rnihtia.
Sec. 1 A volunteer militia of this State shiit
regard to race or color. jejrs, witiiout
Sec. 2. Upon the written petition nf „„
liable to military duty under the constitution tP-8*
State, recommending a suitable . - "nS
command a militiAotueS^
