140
SUPPLEMENT TO
foundest respect for the decision of the Senate
this day made, notice of which has been served
upon us" Why, Mr. Thomas, wje both recog-
nize tlieobligations of the tenure-wi-office act_;"
" Why, Mr. Thomas, it is farthest from our in-
tention to violate the act at all." Sir, the law
declares that if the order was unlawful, the
unlawful intent laid 111 the averment is proved
by the fact itself, and he can never disprove it
by his declarations. Why, then_, introduce
them hers? Why trifle with justice here in
this way? The rule has been settled in every
case that has ever been tried in the Senate of
the United States heretofore, that the general
rules of evidence according to the common
law govern the proceedings. If there is an
exception to be found to that in any of the
rulings of the Senate in trials of this kind
hitherto, 1 challenge its production.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the question once more.
The Secretary read as follows:
What occurred between tho President and your-
self at that second interview on the 21st.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question is,
is the question just read admissible?
Mr. DRAKE. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buckalew, Oat-
tel!, Colo, Conklincc, Corbett, Davis, Dixon, Doolittlc,
Edmunds, Ferry, i'essendon, fowler. I'Velinsrhuyson,
(irimos, Henderson, Hendricks, Howe, Johnson, Mc-
Crecry, Moigan. Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton. Norton. ,1'aUerson ot'NowJIampshii-o,
Patterson of Tennessee, Pomoroy, ltoss, Sherman,
Sprague, Stewart, Sumnor, Tipton, Trumbull, Van
Winkle, Vickors, Wilicy, Williams. Wilson, and
Yates—12.
NAYcS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Conness, Cra-
ttin, Drake, JJarlan, Howard, Nye, llamsey, and
Thayer—10.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Saulsbury and Wade—2.
So the Senate determined the question to bo
admissible.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question will
be read to the witness.
The Secretary read tho question, as follows:
What occurred between tho President and your-
self at that second interview on tho L'lst.
The Witness. I stated to tho President
that 1 had delivered the communication, and
that Mr. Stanton gave this answer: "Do you
wish me to vacate at once or will you give me
time to take away my private property V" and
that I replied "act your pleasure." I then
said that after delivering the copy of the letter
to him he said: " 1 do not know whether I will
obeyyour instructions or resist them." Tliisl
mentioned to the President, and Ills answer was;
" Very well; go and take charge of tho office
and perform the duties."
By Mr. Stanbeuy:
Question. Was that all that passed ?
Answer. That is about all that passed at that
time.
Question. What time in tho afternoon was
that?
Answer. This was immediately after giving
the second letter to Mr. Stanton.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. We withdraw all
objection to that conversation. [Laughter.]
Mr. S FANBliUy. Whether you do or not
it is in. The withdrawal is ex >post facto. [To
the witness. ] Was this before or after 3'ou got
Stanton's order?
Answer. It was after.
Question. Did you see Stanton again that
aftei noon
Answer. I did not.
Question. Or the President?
Answer. Not after I left him this time.
Question. What first happened to you the
next morning?
Answer. The first thing that happened to me
next morning was the appearance at my house
of the marshal of the District, with an assist-
ant marshal and a constable, and he arrested
me.
Question. What time in the morning was
that ?
Answer. About eight o'clock, before I had
my breakfast. Tiie command was to appear
forthwith. I asked if he would permit me to
see the President; I simply wanted to inform
him that I had been arrested. To that he
kindly assented, though he said he must not
lose sight of me for a moment. I told him
certainly I did not wish to be out of his sight.
He went with me to the President's and went
into the room where the President was. I
stated that I had been arrested, at whose suit
1 did not know 
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Stop one moment.
Does the presiding officerunderstand the ruling
to go to this, to allow what occurred the next
day to be brought in?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
so understands it.
Mr. STANBERY. Cro on, General.
The Witness. He said "Very well, that is
the place I want it in—the courts." He ad-
vised me then to go to you, and the marshal
permitted me to go to your quarters at the
hotel. I told you that I had been arrested and
asked what I should do 
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Wait a moment.
Mr. EVARTS. I suppose it is no great
matter about that.
Mr. STANBERY, (to the Managers.) Is
that part of the conspiracy? [Laughter.]
Mr. Manager BUTLER. 1 have no doubt
of it. [Laughter.]
Mr. STANBERY, (to tho witness.) Did
you go to court ?
Answer. I was presented by tho marshal to
Judge Cartter.
Question. What happened there?
Answer. Judge Cartter 
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I object.
Mr. STANBERY. Were you held to bail
or anything of that kind?
Answer. I was required to give bail in
$5,000.
Question. And then discharged from cus-
tody ?
Answer. I was then discharged; but there is
one point that 1 wish to state if it is'admis-
sible ; 1 do not know whether it is or not. I
asked him distinctly what that bail meant 
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Stop.
Mr. STANBERY. Do you mean that you
asked the judge?
The Witness. Yes ; I asked the judge what
it meant. He said 
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Stop. Does your
Honor allow that?
Mr. STANBERY. That is another part of
the case, and we will come to that after a
while. [To the witness.] How long did you
remain there?
Answer. I suppose it look altogether per-
haps an hour, because friends came in to give
tho bail. I had nobody with me, not even a
lawyer.
Question. After you were admitted to bail,
did you go again to the War Department that
day ?
Answer. I did.
Question. That was the 22d?
Answer. I am speaking of the ~~d ; but I
think this other matter is important to me.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I will withdraw
the objection if the witness thinks it important
to him.
Mr. STANBERY. Very well; go on with
the explanation yon wished to make.
The Witness. I asked the judge what it
meant. He said it was simply to present myself
there at half past ten the following Wednesday.
I then asked him if it suspended me from any
of my functions. He said 110, it had nothing
to do with them. That is the point I want to
state.
By Mr. Stanheky:
Question. When did you next go to the War
Department that day?
Answer. I wentiinmediately from there, first
stopping at the President's 011 my way, and
stating to him that I had given bail. He made
the same answer. "Very well; we want it in the
courts." I then went over to the War Office
and found the east door locked. This was on
the 22d the office was closed. I asked the
messenger for my key. He told me that he
had not got it; the keys had all been taken
away, and my door was locked. I then went
up to Mr. Stanton's room, the one that he occu-
pies as an office, where he receives. I found
him there with some six or eight gentlemen,
some of -whom I recognized, and I understood
afterward that they were all members of Con-
gress. They were all sitting in a semi-ellipsis,
the Secretary of War at the apex. I came in
the door. I stated that I came in to demand
the office. He refused to give it to me, and
ordered me to my room as Adjutant General.
I refused to obey. I made the demand a second
and a third time. He as often refused and as
often ordered me to my room. He then said,
"You may stand there; stand as long as
you please." I saw nothing further was to be
done, and I left the room and went into Gen-
eral Schriver's office, sat down and had a chat
with him, he being an old friend. Mr. Stan-
ton followed me in there, and Governor Moor-
iiead, member of Congress from Pittsburg. He
told Governor Moorhead to note the conver-
sation, and I think he took notes at a side
table. He asked me pretty much the same
questions as before.
Question. State what he did ask ?
Answer. Whether I insisted upon acting as
Secretary of War and should claim the office.
I gave a direct answer, " Yes ;" and I think it
was at that time I said I should also require
the mails. I said that on one occasion, and I
think then. I do not know whether it is on
the memorandum or not. Then there was
some little chat with the Secretary himself.
Question. Between you and the Secretary ?
Answer. Between me and the Secretary.
Question. Had these members of Congress
withdrawn then ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Now, tell us what happened be-
tween you and the Secretary after they with-
drew.
Answer. I do not recollect what first oc-
curred ; but I said to him, "the next time
you have me arrested"—for I had found out
it was at his suit I was arrested ; I had seen
the paper 
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Stop a moment.
I propose, Mr. President, to object to the con-
versation between the Secretary and General
Thomas at a time which we have not put in,
because we put in only the conversation while
the other gentlemen were there. This is some-
thing that took place after they had withdrawn.
Mr. STANBERY. What is the difference ;
they did not stay to hear the whole.
The CHIEF j USTICE. It appears to have
been immediately afterward and part of the
same conversation.
Mr. STANBERY. The same conversation
went right on.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Will General
Thomas say it was the same conversation ?
The Witness. Mr. Stanton turned to me
and got talking in a familiar manner.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Go on, then, sir.
The Witness. I said "The next time you
have me arrested, please do not do it before I
get something to eat." I said I had had noth-
ing to eat or drink that daj'. He put his hand
around my neck, as he sometimes does, and
rail his hand through my hair, and turned
| around to General Schriver and said, " Sehri-
; ver, you have got a bottle here ; bring it out."
j [Laughter.]
By Mr. Stanbeky :
Question. What then took place ?
Answer. Schriver unlocked his case and
; brought out a small vial, containing, I sup-
j pose, about a spoonful of whisky, and stated
| at the same time that he occasionally took a
] little for dyspepsia. [Laughter.] Mr. Stan-
: ton took that and poured it into a tumbler and
!| divided it equally and we drank it together.
|! Question. A fair division?
!; Answer. A fair division, because lie held up
!l the glasses to the light and saw that they each
; hadaboutthesame,andweeaeh drank. [Laugh-
1. ter.] Presently a messenger came in with a
