4246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
people, yon have been willing to overthrow, and
you have practically overthrown, our whole
system of Government; you have brought it
into ruius ; it is now lying around the country
in disjected fragments; and when it will ever
be reconstructed and rebuilt up as the sages
and patriots who reared it in 1787 founded it,
is a problem of the greatest difficulty.
Mr, President, X think you will find that as
the people would not tolerate the secessionists
in I860, so now in 1868 they will not tolerate
you, another set of revolutionists, in your great
and ruinous revolution, more so than the se-
cessionists themselves, because they sought a
simple separation, a separation by a straight
line, but you bring our Government and our
Constitution with all its great principles, and
all the partition and adjustment of sovereignty
and powers between the United States Govern-
ment and the States, into one common ruin.
You are willing to yield up the whole, to sur-
render all sooner than let go your firm, as you
believe, grip upon power and place and office.
But I think, Mr. President, that you will find
that the people will now in 1868, pass the same
stern, irreversible, and inflexible judgment
against you that they did against the secession-
ists. I hope so; I believe so.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire to add to what
I said before a calculation of the cost of this
distribution. The whole number of arms to be
distributed under the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts, with the addition of
nine thousand for Missouri, since made, at
lifteen dollars for each musket with accouter-
ments, amount to $3,420,000. I am told that
the value of a Springfield musket now is about
twenty-five dollars. These are required to be
serviceable muskets with the fixtures and mat-
ters that go with them, but I have put the cal-
culation at fifteen dollars. The cost of this
distribution at that rate is, as I have said,
$3,<120,000. Under the amendment of the
Senator from Rhode Island, counting two
thousand additional to each of thirty-seven
States, we have seventy-four thousand, which,
at fifteen dollars each, amount to $1,110,000
more, making the aggregate $4,530,000, car-
ried by this amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts as it is now proposed to be
amended by the Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. President, within the insurrectionary
States, as they were formerly mentioned in
this amendment, forty-two thousand are to be
distributed by the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts, the value of which would
be $630,000. The Senator from Rhode Island
would add to that number sixteen thousand for
eight States of the South included in the
amendment, which, at the same rate, would
make the aggregate distributed to the southern
States $870,000. That is the cost to the Uni-
ted States of this amendment. Before taking
the vote upon it, I thought it proper to add to
what I said before this statement of the amount
of cost.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment moved by the Sena-
tor from Rhode Island.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 wish to offer to this
bill some amendments ; one to the first sec-
tion of the bill to reduce the number of regi-
ments to twelve regiments of infantry, four
regiments of cavalry, and four regiments of
artillery, so as to have the whole amount
twenty regiments, which I think is quite enough
for the peace establishment of this country.
Ten regiments of United States troops are
enough, so far as the disorders in the southern
States are concerned, and ten regiments are
enough to take care of our forts and arsenals
and look after the Indians.
In relation to the third section of the bill, I
think the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts has gone too far in proposing to abolish
all the bands.
Mr. WILSON. It only applies to brigade
bands.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The section reads:
That all the hanJs now in the service organized
under the provisions of section seven of an act
entitled, &e.
Mr. WILSON. Those are brigade bands.
Mr. CONNESS. The regimental bands
were abolished some time since, I understand.
Mr. WILSON. When the Army bill was
passed in I860, the Senate refused to allow
bands, but the House of Representatives per-
sisted in not interfering with them, and finally
the Senate yielded in a committee of confer-
ence. I think at the last session we passed an
act through*the Senate to repeal the law au-
thorizing bands, and I think we have done it
at this session, but it has not yet become a
law. They now have regimental bands, but
brigade bands are entirely unnecessary, and it
is proposed to repeal the law authorizing them.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the section simply
refers to brigade bands, I shall not object to
it ; but I think it is going too far to abolish all
bands in the military service, especially in time
of peace. I desire, however, to amend the
first section of the bill, so that it shall read:
That the line of the Army as now constituted be
reduced to twelve regiments of infantry, four regi-
ments of cavalry, and lour regimonts of artillery.
And then to go on as it now reads. Then I
propose to amend the second section so as to
reduce the total number in service to thirty
thousand men, divided thus: cavalry, three
thousand; artillery, four thousand eight hun-
dred ; infantry, twelve thousand two hundred ;
and to let the remainder of the section stand
as it is, simply changing "thirty thousand" in
the twelth line to " twenty thousand. "
This bill as it stands leaves the stauding
Army in time of peace at forty-two thousand
men. Mr. President, this is too large an Army
for any service which is required by the Gov-
ernment of the United States. The bill pro-
vides for thirty regiments of infantry, eight
regiments of cavalry, and four regiments of
artillery, making in all forty-two thousand
men.
Mr. WILSON. But the bill provides that
there shall be but thirty thousand men.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Thirtythousandenlisted
men. It is well known, and especially in these
latter days, that our regiments cost us at the
rate of about a million and a half a year,
making the expense of thirty regiments about
forty-live million dollars. If we have an Army
of twenty thousand, it certainly is large enough
in time of peace ; and if any emergency should
arise, war with any foreign Power or a domestic
insurrection, we know with what alacrity the
armed and trained soldiers of the country, for
we are now a trained and military people,
would fly to the standard of the Union. We
could raise any amount of troops in the shortest
possible time which could become necessary
by any exigency, and twenty thousand are
enough for any peace establishment.
Mr. President, it is not my purpose to go
into the general discussion which has arisen
to-night. Certainly I shall not do so at any
length. I regret exceedingly that anything
should be done by Congress or by anybody
which would tend to bring about a war of races
in the southern States. That there is great
danger that such a war may arise is certain.
No man can look upon the state of things at
the South and not feel the danger. There are
some of the States of the South where not only
all the men who have held any office under the
State or under the Federal Government are
disfranchised, but where by the oaths which
are required to be taken in the constitutions of
those reconstructed governments three fourths
of all the white people in those reconstructed
States are disfranchised. Take the State of
Alabama; the oath in the constitution requires
a man to swear that he believes and accepts
the political equality of whites and blacks. In
Arkansas it is the same. Now, I say to the
honorable Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Mor-
ton,] that a large majority of the white people
of Indiana would be disfranchised if they went
into either of these States to live, and so would
a large majority of the people of New York,
and of all the States with the exception of one
or two where they have ever been called upon
to vote on that question. This must be the
result unless yoa intend that the people shall
be demoralized and shall perjure themselves
and shall take oaths which they cannot take
before God without taking perjury upon their
souls.
But, Mr. President, when such a state of
things as that exists, to suppose that it can
continue for any length of time without coming
to a conflict is folly. This system must give
way or a conflict will inevitably ensue. Not
many years ago General Grant, who is now the
candidate of the Radical party, was of pre-
cisely tho same opinion which I still entertain;
and in the State of Wisconsin, when these
questions were being discussed, he authorized
me to state to a convention held in Wisconsin
and to the people of Wisconsin that if this
system of reconstruction was to be persevered
in, the whites disfranchised and universal negro
suffrage set up in the States of the South as a
condition of reconstruction, it would inevita-
bly lead to a war of races unless we maintained
a standing army there to prevent it.
Mr. THAYER. What convention ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I allude to the State
convention held at Madison in the fall of 1865 ;
and subsequently General Sherman was there
at a meeting held in the assembly chamber at
Madison, and General Sherman sat by my side
when I addressed the people of Wisconsin
assembled there and urged the same view, and
stated the fact which General Grant had au-
thorized me to state, and General Sherman
authorized me to state the same thing, and he
nodded his assent as he sat by my side. Gen-
tlemen, I tell you that you feel conscious of
the fact yourselves, and you believe that en-
forcing this reconstruction on the South in this
way will bring us to a point where there may
be a war of races unless you arm the negroes
of the South to prevent it. You feel it; you
fear it; you know it is inevitable unless the
Government of the United States prevents it
by the strong hand.
Now, Mr. President and fellow-Senators, I
hold that it is much safer for you to rely upon
the Army of the United States, commanded
by the regular officers of the United States, to
preserve the peace during the coming elections
than it is for you to put arms into the hands
of one of the parties in those States, and not
put arms into the hands of the other.
Mr. MORTON. Are not the others armed ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Not that I am aware
of; no more than the opposite side. When
tho rebels surrendered, their arms were sur-
rendered, for by the condition of Johnston's
surrender to Sherman the arms were to be
brought forward to the State arsenals and there
delivered into the custody of the United States;
and I have no knowledge about the other party
being armed at all. There are no more arms
that I am aware of on one side than the other.
But what I protest is that the most dangerous
of all things you can do is to put these arms
into the hands of one party in the midst of an
excited election and suppose that that is the
way to keep the peace. No, gentlemen ; let
the arms which are to be held m those States
in which these elections are going on be held
in the hands of the United States soldiers,
commanded by the United States officers, and
not the officers who may be chosen by these
militia or the Governoi's, or the men who are
interested in maintaining one party to the dis-
advantage of the other. There is the danger;
and you will find in practical experience here
wilt be the most dangerous thing to result,from
arming the one side. If you do anything on
the subject toward keeping the peace during
tile pending election let it be done by the
power of the Federal Army, the officers of the
h ederal Army. Give your directions to them
to hold an even balance, and let them hold it
with a firm hand, and not arm the negroes of
the South, supposing that will be the better
way to preserve the peace.
Mr. President, and fellow-Senators, I do not
want any blood shed in the South. I wish to
