1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4247
avoid it. I would plead with you and appeal
to you by every consideration to prevent it;
and if there is danger of a conflict in the com-
ing elections down there, let the force which
is employed to prevent it be the force of the
regular Army, under the control of the officers
of the regular Army, and let it not be the force
of this militia which may be organized by a
faction or a party for the purpose of prevent-
ing the other party from coming; to the polls
to vote. Let it be the Army of the Eederal
Government, holding an even balance and an
even hand in those States. That is the way to
prevent a conflict. But you arm one party,
and what is the necessary effect? _ Is it not ot
itself one of the greatest provocations that can
be conceived to arm one party—a great prov-
ocation to the other to be drawn into a con-
flict ? These people are liable to abuse their
power, to drive men from the polls who claim
that they have the right to vote under the laws
that are established. If they attempt to go to
vote they are driven away, perhaps. In the
excitement of the moment a collision occurs;
and if the war begins God only knows what
may be the end. My opinion is that this bill
in this respect isexceedingly defective, and that
if you wish to do anything for the purpose of
preserving the peace at the coming elections
there, it should be through the regular Army
and not by any volunteer militia.
Mr. President, I do not undertake to say that
the men in the South who have had control ot
these reconstruction measures have not done
as well as human nature is capable of doing
■when it is clothed with such extraordinary
powers as have been placed in their hands. I
do not think that the generals who have been
in command in the South are any worse^ than
ordinary men. Many of them are high-minded
and honorable men. But, sir, it is the system
of which I complain. The system which puts
absolute despotic power in the hands of any
man tends, of necessity, to corrupt to a certain
extent the man. The possession of absolute,
unqualified power is a specific poison which
works a change m the human heart itself. In
consequence of the system, not that the men
are worse than other men, there has grown up
at the South in many of those districts a system
of oppression which you cannot find paralleled
in the history of civilized couutries^for two
hundred years. The Senator from Kentucky
alluded to one occurrence which has taken
place in the State of Georgia. A Mr. Ashburn
was murdered, murdered, I believe, in a house
of ill-fame, a negro brothel in the city of
Columbus.
Mr. WILSON. Oh, no.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I state to my honor-
able friend from Massachusetts that he is mis-
taken. Such was the fact stated to me by a
gentleman who resides in the town. He knows
the place where this murder occurred.
Mr. CONNESS. That does not appear in
the testimony at all.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. But that is not mate-
rial to the point I was stating. I only state it
as a fact of which I am informed by gentlemen
residing there.
Mr. DAVIS. It is the fact, and I know it
by men who live in Columbus and who have
been here.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On his being murdered
a reward was offered of §40,000 for the pur-
pose of discovering the murderers ; ana to
show you, sir, what kind of a system of op-
pression can grow up whenever the common
law is laid aside and absolute military despot-
ism is substituted in its place I would refer you
to certain facts that have occurred there. In
that city of Columbus a man when he left his
home at breakfast did not know whether he
would return to his home again or not. Time
and again men in that city were arrested with-
out warrant, without any charge, taken to At-
lanta, thrust into dungeons but eight or ten
feet long and two and a half or three feet wide,
with no light and no air except what came
through the grates at the top, kept ia those
dungeons for a whole week without being per-
mitted to speak to a human being, and at the
end of the week taken out and by these detect-
ives told, "Now, sir, tell us what you know
about the murder of Ashburn. Forty thou-
sand dollars reward has been offered to detect
and to find out who were the murderers. If
you disclose the fact you may participate in
the reward." "Sir," said two or three of
these gentlemen, and their names were given
to me by the person who made the statement,
"1 know nothing of the murder of Ashburn."
"Yes, you do, sir and thereupon they were
thrust back into the cells again for another
week.
One of these men, a young man residing in
the city of Columbus, who was a man of full
habit, quite fleshy, weighing two hundred
pounds, was in this hottest weather placed in
one of these cells, and when his counsel, Mr.
Crawford, of Georgia, formerly a member of
the House, whom the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts must well know, called upon
him, he found him stripped down to his under-
shirt, and the reason was asked why he did
this. Said he, "I receive one pitcher of
water in the morning; that water I pour over
my floor with the exception of just enough to
quench my thirst, and I take off all my cloth-
ing down to my undershirt and lie upon the
floor where it is wet and damp, and put my
face down to a crack beneath the door where
I can catch a particle of fresh air." There he
was kept suffering for a whole week, and then
taken out again by these detectives and in-
quired of what he knew of the murder of Ash-
burn?
I hold in my hand an affidavit made by a col-
ored man, who was also persecuted in the same
way, in order, by this system of torment and
persecution, to wring from him, it possible,
something, some story, some tale in relation
to the murder of Ashburn. He states the fact
that lie was arrested and taken from his team
which he was driving through the streets; that
he was hurried off from one place to another,
and finally to Fort Pulaski; that in I ort
Pulaski, after he had been placed in adungeon_
for awhile, he was placed in that instrument of
torture which is denominated a sweat-box,
aud kept standing in it for thirty long hours,
when he was taken out and again asked,
"What do you know of the murder of Ash-
burn?" These detectives, acting, not under
the common law which gives us our liberty
and secures our rights, but acting under the
military despotism which grows out of this
system, have in Georgia, in our own country,
under the authority ot the reconstruction Jaws
of Congress, or rather by an abuse of the
power which that authority has given, sub-
jected persons to a persecution equal to the
boot, equal to the thumb-screw, m order to
force from them some confession ot their
knowledge of the murder of Ashburn. This
colored man, after being blindfolded, was
taken from his dungeon and led round and round
until he was bewildered and lost, and was
brought up at last in front of a loaded cannon
with a man ready to pull the string aud fire it,
and threatened that it should be fired upon
him if he did not disclose something about
the murder of Ashburn !
Mr. President and fellow-Senators, I tell
you that in the name of these military despot-
isms in the States of the South there have been
enacted such cruelties, such oppressions, sucn
wrongs as would make the heart weep and
bleed to hear recited. I do not say that the
generals in command there are not just as
good men as any ot us would be under the
same circumstances ; but when absolute, des-
potic power is placed in the hands ot any man
over the lives and property and fortunes of all the
men and women around him, black and white, it
is utterly impossible that this kind of oppression
should not grow up. It is its natural fruit mid
flower, and has been from the beginning ot the
world. It is in human nature and human
affairs that wherever this despotic power exists
and is exercised without limit and without
restraint, just such oppressions as these always
occur.
Mr. President, I could wish that the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts had provided,
if that be the object of the bill, and there are
gentlemen who frankly avow that such is its
object, to arm somebody in the States of the
South so as to preserve the peace at the com-
ing election, that the regular Army of the Uni-
ted States, under the officers of the Army,
should be employed for that purpose rather
than that arms should be sent to be placed in
the hands of one party to keep the other party
in subjection.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, when this
bill was taken up, I certainly expected that the
Senate would pass it in the course of half an
hour. I am sure it entered not into my mind
that we were doing anything very wicked in
passing this bill, and I am not a little surprised
at the tone and temper of the debate that has
so unexpectedly sprung up.
What is the proposition V It is to reduce the
Army from fifty-three thousand to thirty thou-
sand men—as large a reduction as it is safe to
make at this time, and in the present condi-
tion of the country. The Senator from Wis-
consin desires that the Army shall be reduced
to twenty thousand men. Sir, that would be
a reduction quite down to the Army standard
before the war. Then wc had eighteen thou-
sand men, or rather we were authorized by law
to have that number. We have in nine of the
rebel States about fourteen thousand men. We
have in the State of Texas only fifteen compa-
nies, excepting on the frontiers. In the whole
State we have fifty-four hundred, but there are
only fifteen companies in the eastern part of
the State. In the States of Mississippi and
Arkansas we have but thirty-one hundred;
only twenty companies in the State of Missis-
sippi. Our Army is mostly west of the Missis-
sippi river, in the Indian country, scattered
all over the whole Union, and to reduce that
Army from fifty three thousand to thirty thou-
sand men is an immense reduction at this time
and is all that it is now safe to make.
The Senator from Wisconsin asks why we
do not rely on the regular Army to preserve
the peace in these rebel States? Sir, the very
proposition we have before us is to reduce the
regular Army. We are completing, as we hope,
reconstruction on the basis of justice. We
hope to see speedily law-abiding governments
established there. Most of the Army will be
removed from those States. Perhaps a small
portion may be retained for a time. These
States desire to organize small militia forces.
It is right and proper that they should do so.
Everybody supposes they will do so. This
distribution of arms to all the loyal States that
desire those arms and have the need for them
can be made by the Government without any
loss to anybody. In a very short time the very
best arms we have will pass out of use and new
breech-loading rifled muskets will take their
places. We are already arming the Army of
the United States with breech-loading mus-
kets, and these Springfield muskets will soon
cease to be of any great account.
A word about the despotism in the southern
section of the country. Sir, there has been
more protection of the liberty of the whole
people in those States within the last fifteen
months than in any other period during the last
twenty or thirty years ; but still there are great
outrages committed. Who commits them?
Who murdered Ashburn? Why was he mur-
dered? Simply because he was a member of
the constitutional convention : because he was
canvassing the State. He was driven out of
the public hotel and was not permitted to stay
there on account of the fact that he was known
to be a member of the convention and an advo*
cate of the policy of reconstruction. He went
Gentlemen speak
to a private house to board. Gentleinen
disrespectfully of it. I am told by Job? who
have investigated the subject that the:re is :not
a word of truth in the charges made that his
