THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
bottle of whisky, a full bottle; the eork was
drawn, and he and I took a drink together.
"Now," said he, "this, at least, is neutral
ground." [Laughter.]
■Question. Was that all the force exhibited
that day ?
Answer. That was all.
Question. Have you ever at any time at-
tempted to exercise any force to get into that
office?
Answer. At no time.
Question. Have you ever had any instruc-
tions or directions from the President to use
force, intimidation, or threats at any time?
Mr. Manager BUTLEIl. Wait. "At any
time?" That would bring it down to to-day.
I supposed the ruling did not come down to
to-day. Any time prior to the 21st or 22d of
February I am content with your inquiring
about, but I still must object to putting in what
was said yesterday.
Mr. STANBERY. On the 9th of March
you say it still continued.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. The 9th of March?
Mr. STANBERY. Then we will inquire
prior to the 9tli of March.
Mr. Manager B UTLER. I have said nothing
about that. I say the 9th of March is just as
bad as it would be to-day. I object to any time
after the act. He was impeached on the 22d
of February, and 1 suppose got up his ease
after that.
Mr. EVARTS. We have a right to nega-
tive up to the point at which you have given
any positive evidence, which is the 9th of
March.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. We liave given no
evidence of what the President has said or the
instructions that came from the President. We
have given evidence of what Mr. Thomas has
said, and that is entirely a different thing. You
may ask him if he said so to Mr. ICarsner ; but
if there is anything in any rule of law, if law
is to be held at all, this testimony cannot be
put in.
Mr. EVARTS. Mr. Chief Justice, the point,
if anything, by which Mr. Karsner was allowed
to speak of the interview between General
Thomas and himself of the 9th of March was
that General Thomas's statements then made
might be held to be either from something that
had been proved on the part of the Managers,
or from something that would be proved on the
part of the Managers, a committal of the Pres-
ident. Now, certainly, under the ruling that
has been made, as well as under the necessary
principles of law and justice, the President is
entitled to negative, through the witness who
knows, anything that proceeded trom him, the
witness, as brought in testimony here, having
been authorized by anything that occurred be-
tween the President and himself.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I do not propose
to argue further. If it is not self-evident to
everybody, no argument can make it plainer.
I simply object to a question, which is this :
"What have been the directions of the Pres-
ident down to the 9th of March," after he had
been impeached? Because, if he can put them
in down to the 9th of March, he can down to
to-day ; and to prove that Mr. Karsner did not
say a thing to Mr. Thomas they offer to prove
that the President did not say a thing to Mr.
Thomas.
Mr. EVARTS. That is not the point. The
point is not that we can show affirmatively
every conversation, but negatively we can show
up to and including the date concerning which
they have given anything in evidence by which
they claim to implicate the President, that he
up to that time had never given any instruc-
tions or declarations justifying the use of force.
It is of the 9tli of March they have given
evidence that this witness then meant presently,
in future), to kick Mr. Stanton out; and now we
propose to show that up to that conversation
the President of the United States had never
given authority or directions ot any kind to
use force.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. How does that
prove that Mr. Thomas did not say so ?
Mr. EVARTS. It does not prove it in the
least. It only proves that he said it without
authority of the Presidentof the UnitedStates,
which is the whole point on your point of
proving that he said it all.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. In otherwords,
Mr. President, I desire to say the proposition
now is for the witness to swear to conclusions,
not to what the President did say, not to what
the President did do, but to his conclusion that
all he said and all he did did not authorize him
to use force.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The counsel for the
President will reduce the question to writing,
if they press it.
The question being reduced to writing was
read, as follows:
Did the President, at any time prior to or includ-
ing the 9th of March, authorize or direot you.to use
force, intimidation, or threats to get possession of
the War OtBce?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
will submit this question to the Senate. Sen-
ators, you who are of opinion that the question
is admissible will say "ay," and those of the
contrary opinion will say "no."
The question being put, was dccided to be
admissible.
Mr. STANBERY. Answer the question
now, General.
The Witness. Read it, if you please.
The Secretary read the question, as follows:
Did the President at any time prior to or.includ-
ing the 9th of March authorizo or direct you to uso
force, intimidation, or threats to get possession of
the War Offico?
The Witness. He did not.
By Mr. Stanbery:
Question. Now please state what conversa-
tion you had with Mr. Burleigh on the night
of the 21st of February ?
Answer. He came to my house and asked
me in reference to this matter of my being ap-
pointed Secretary of War. I told him i was
appointed, and I mentioned what occuricd
between Mr. Stanton and myself, and I think
it was that which led him to ask me "What
are you going to do?" Mr. Stanton having
said he did not know whether lie would obey
my instructions or resist them. There are two
persons I spoke with. To one I said, that if
I found my door locked, or if I found the War
Office locked, I would break open the door;
and to the other I said I would call upon Gen-
eral Grant for force. I have got them mixed
up; I do not know which expression I used to
Mr. Wilkeson, but one to him and the other
to Dr. BuRLEion. I made use of both ex-
pressions that evening however, one to Mr.
Wilkeson and one to Dr. Burleigh ; I do
not suppose it makes any difference which.
Their testimony shows that better than mine.
Mr. Burleigh asked me what time I was going
to the War Otfice. I told him I would be there
about ten o'clock the next day. This was the
night of the 21st I was talking to him. The
conversation was a short one; he very soon
left me, saying he would call again. I think
he said he would come up to the War Office
the next morning.
Question. Did you ask him to go ?
Answer. I did not. I think he said he would
come and see the fun, or something of that
kind.
Question. What was the conversation you
had with Mr. Karsner on the 9th of March ?
Answer. I would like to describe that.
Question. What do you know of Mr. Kars-
ner?
A nswer. I knew nothing about him whatever
until I had seen him then. If I had been asked
the question, I should have said I had never
seen him, though my attention was once called
to the fact that I did once see him in the spring
of 1827, when I happened to be at home with a
severe spell of sickness. I did see him on that
occasion. 1 suppose there v«re circumstances
brought it to my mind.
Question. What took place at the Presi-
dent's?
Answer. It was toward the end of the Pres-
ident's reception, and I was walking with Gen-
eral Todd, and was abtrat going out of the door
when I found that this person rushed forward
and seized me by the hand. I looked surprised,
because I did not know him. He mentioned his
name, butl could not recollect it. I understood
him to say that he was from New Castle, my
native village. He certainly used both those
words; but he says he did not; it is possible
he did not, as he says he only stated that he
was from New Castle county. I may be mis-
taken ; I do not want to do him injustice. He
said he knew my father and my brother, and
that he had known me forty years before. I
suppose that would have been about the time
I spoke of; but I have no recollection of it at
all. He held on to my hand. I was surprised
at the man's manner, because he came up to
me as if I had been an intimate relation of his
for years.
Sir. Manager BUTLER. Stop a moment.
I suppose this is a little improper to give his
surprises. Tell us what was done and stated
Mr! STANBERY. Go on, General.
The Witness. I tried to get away from him,
and he then said—he was a Delawarean—" The
eyes of all Delaware are upon you, [laugh-
ter,] and they expect you to stand fast." I
said: " Certainly I shall stand fast," and I was
about leaving when he seized my hand_ again
and asked me a second time the same" ques-
tion, saying he expected me to stand fast.
Said I: " Certainly I will stand fast." I was
smiling all the time. I got away from his
hand a second time, and he seized it again and
drew me further in the room and asked the
same question. I was a little amused, when I
raised myself up on my toes in this way [stand-
ing on tiptoes] and said: "Why,don't you see
I am standing firm ?" Then he put this in my
mouth: "When are you going to kick that
fellow out," or something of tliatkind. "Oh,"
said I, " we will kick him out by and by."
Question. Are you certain the " kicking
out" came from him?
Answer. Yes, sir—oh yes. [Laughter.] I
want to say one thing. 1 did not intend any
disrespect to Mr. Stanton at all. On the con-
trary, he has always treated me with kindness,
and I would do nothing -to treat him with dis-
respect.
Question. Had you ever any idea of kicking
Mr. Stanton for any purpose.
Answer. No, sir.
Question. How came you to use the word
at all?
Answer. Because it was put in my mouth.
Question. Did you say it seriously or in a
jocular way?
Answer, (smilingly.) I was very glad to
get away; I went out at once.
Cross-examined by Mr. Manager Bctlek :
Question. Did I understand yon to say that
there had been no unkind feelings between you
and Mr. Stanton ever?
■Answer. No. sir; I do not think there ever
had been any unkind feeling.
Question. Or diiference of opinion?
Answer. There was a difference of opinion,
I suppose.
Question. Did you not believe that he sent
you away from the office of Adjutant General
in order to have General Townsend carry on
that office?
Answer. I do not.
Question. You do not so believe?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. You have not done anj'thing in
the Adjutant General's office as the head of
that department for how many years up to the
13th of February last?
Answer. I was a short time absent, as I told
you, on the James river making exchanges
with the rebel commissioner; but on my re-
turn I always went to my office. The first time,
perhaps, that I was detached was, I think, on
the 2Sd day of— I ought to have said I had
gone three or four times up to Pennsylvania.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Please answer my
question. You ought to do that. Since what
