1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3228
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cameron,
Chandler, Conness, Corbett, Dixon. Drake, Fowler,
Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Johnson, Morrill of Maine,
Morton, Norton, Nye, Boss, Baulsbury, Thayer, and
Tipton—20.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. I propose an amendment, on
which for myself I wish to take a silent vote,
without calling for the yeas and nays:
And be it further enacted. That all laws imposing
any tax upon the circulation notes or notes of issue
made by any bank of any State or Territory, or
imposing any tax in any form upon such banks, be,
and the same are hereby, repealed.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask for the
yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 25, nays 14 ; as follows
YEAS—Messrs. Buokalew, Cattell, Chandler, Cole
Cragin, Davis, Doolittle, Fen y, Harlan, Henderson
Howard, MeCreery. Nye, Patterson of New Hamp
shire, Patterson of Tennessee, Pomeroy, Ramsey
Ross, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner,Van Winkle, Wade
Willey, and Wilson—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cameron, Conk-
ling, Edmunds, Fessenden, Hendricks, Howe, Mor-
gan, Sprague, Trumbull, Yickers, Williams, and
Y ates—11.
ABSENT—Messrs. Conness, Corbett, Dixon, Drake,
Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Johnson, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Norton, Sauls-
bury, Thayer, and Tipton.—15.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont, (when his name
was called.) I am paired with Mr. Morrill,
of Maine. If he were present he would vote
against the bill, and I should vote for it.
removal of political disabilities.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiiersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had disagreed to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (EL R. No.
1059) to relieve certain citizens of North Car-
olina of disabilities, asked a conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. J. F. Farnsworth of
Illinois, Mr. II. E. Paine of Wisconsin, and
Mr. J. B. Beck, of Kentucky, managers at
the same on its part.
On motion by Mr. STEWART, the Senate
proceeded to consider its amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 1059) to relieve certain citizens
of North Carolina of disabilities, disagreed to
by the House of Representatives; and
On motion by Mr. STEWART,
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Iiouses thereon.
It was ordered that the conferees on the part
of the Senate be appointed by the President
pro tempore; and Messrs. Stewart, Wilson,
and Sherman were appointed.
executive session.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to take up the bill
(S. No. 256) relating to the Central Branch
Union Pacific Railroad Company.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we had better go
into executive session, and not waste time about
the order of business. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. POMEROY. Let the bill of the Sen-
ator from Michigan be taken up first.
Mr. SHERMAN. The question of taking
it up will lead to debate. I think we had better
go into executive session.
Mr. NYE. I hope the Senator will allow
this bill to be taken up.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Debate is not in order
on this motion.
Mr. POMEROY. On the motion to go into
executive session I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RAMSEY. I appeal to the Senator
from Ohio to withdraw his motion. The Sen-
ator from Michigan, I understand, is willing
when his bill is taken up to yield.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to any debate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio,
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 15 ; as follows: '
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard. Buckalew, Cole,
Conkling, Davis, Doolittle. Edmunds, Fessenden,
Henderson, Howe, MeCreery. Morgan, Monill of
Vermont, Patterson of New Hampshire, Patterson
of Tennessee, Ross, Sherman, Sprague, Trumbull,
Van Winkle, and Vickers—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron. Cragin, Ferry, Harlan,
Hendricks, Howard, Nye, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Stew-
art, Sumner, Wade, Willey, Wilson, and Yates—15.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cattell, Chandler, Conness, Cor-
bett, Dixon, Drake, Fowler, Frelinghuysen,Grimes.
Johnson, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Norton, Sauls-
bury, Thayer, Tipton, and Williams—17.
So the motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, June 17, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
election 'contest h'kee vs. young.
Mr. COOK, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, to whom were recommitted the report
and papers in the case of McKee vs. Young,
of the ninth congressional district of Kentucky,
submitted a report in writing, accompanied by
the following resolution :
Resolved, That Samuel McKeo was duly elected a
member of the House of Representatives in the
Fortieth Congress from the ninth congressional dis-
trict of the State of Kentucky.
The report was laid on the table and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. COOK. I desire to give notice that I
shall call up this report some day early next
week.
Mr. KERR. I desire to inquire if this is a
report of the majority of the committee or only
of a minority 1
Mr. COOK. It is the report of the majority.
Mr. KERR. I was not aware that any such
report had been agreed to.
Mr. COOK. The report was adopted in
committee yesterday, in the absence of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,] but the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Chani.er]
was present.
washington gas-light company.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, by unani-
mous consent,, submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the president of the Washington
Gas-Light Company be, and is hereby, requested to
furnish this House without delay a statement show-
ing the quantity in feet of illuminating gas furnished
the Government of the United States by said com-
pany, and the amount of money received for the
same from the 30th day of Jane, 1867, to the Slut doy
of May, 1868, and an estimate for the month of June,
1868, giving the quantity of gas furnished each month
separately and the amount ot money received there-
for; also, designating in said statement the quantity
of gas furnished each department of the Government,
and the amount received for the same; and thenum-
ber of lam ps supplied with gas by said company upon
the streets, avenuos, public grounds, parks, public
gardens, &'0.
stark i). taylor.
Mr. CULLOM asked and obtained leave to
have withdrawn from the files of the House
and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary the papers relating to the increased salary
to Stark B. Taylor, bailiff of the Court of
Claims.
tax on distilled spirits.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
beinstructed to inquire into the expediency of bring-
ing ina bil) to collect therevenueondistilled spirits,
on the principle of taxing the capacity of the still
and apparatus, making due allowance for the waste,
to contain provisions like the following:
First. Call in experts, builders, and operators to
ascertain the utmost quantity which a still could
produce in twenty-four hours, constant running.
Second. Let the distiller take out a license for just
such time as he may choose to operate, paying or
giving good security to pay the tax on all spirits
which could be produced within the period of the
license.
Third. If the distiller should be found to overrun
the period ot his license, he should be subject to im-
prisonment in the penitentiary.
fourth. If any one should be found to have dis-
tilled spirits without a license heshould bo subject to
like punishment.
Fifth. If thero should be any unoccupied distil-
lery, the key should be given to a revenue oflicer,
who should be heavily punished if he should suffer
it to go into the hands of any other person for the
purpose of using the distillery.
Sixth. The keeping of any concealed stills should
be heavily punished.
tax on banks.
Mr. INGrERSOLL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit the following resolution for con-
sideration at this time:
Resolved, That theCommittee of Ways and Means
arc hereby directed to consider and report upon tho
subject of a tax on the capital, deposits,and circula-
tion of all national and other banks of issue in con-
nection with the bill directed by the House to be
prepared.
Mr. RANDALL. I will not object to the
resolution if the gentleman will include in his
resolution the words "deposits of Government
funds."
Mr. INGERSOLL. Very well; I will mod-
ify my resolution to that effect.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
hot springs reservation, arkansas.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (EL R. No. 127t>) for the sale
of tho Hot Springs reservation in Arkansas ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bil! was referred ; and ulso
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
rights of american citizens abroad.
Mr. VANWYCK. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit the followingpreamble and reso-
lution for consideration at this time:
Whereas foreign nations should not be allowed to
raise the question whether American citizenship was
acquired by birth or adoption, tho rights of citizen-
ship being the same to all citizens; and whereas
this Republic has pledged its faith to persons of all
nations that residence, renunciation of former alle-
giance, and compliance with our laws make them
citizens here, and the honor of the, nation is pledged
that such promise be redeemed.no matter ^whence
came the citizenorhowever powerful thenation that
denies it; and whereas Great Britain has, in defiance
of tho law of nations, a portion of her own history
and the results of the war of 1812, lately established
in her courts the dogma once a subject always a sub-
ject, and has in repeated instances refused to recog-
nize the rights of American citizens by denying them
the privilege ot mixed juries, treating as subjects oi
her leaim many of our citizens who had periled lite
in defense of this Government daring the war of the
rebellion, in some cases arresting and imprisoning
for words spoken in this country: Therefore,
Resolved, That the President of the United States
immediately demand from any foreign country who
may have imprisoned American citizens for words
spoken in this country acknowledgment as complete
and ample as was made by this Government in apol-
ogy for the arrest of Mason and Slide}], and if such
apology is denied he leport the fact to Congress for
its action; also, that he demand reparation in all
cases where American citizens have been treated as
subjects of a foreign Power. And that to all such
persons now imprisoned tho rights herein claimed
shall be granted; and that ho report to this House
what he has done, if anything, to secure such rights
and redress the wrongs above set forth.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I object,
sir. This is a very grave matter, about, which
I know nothing, and yet a great many things
are asserted. I object.
Subsequently Mr. Stevens, of Pennsylvania,
withdrew his objection ; and the preamble and
resolution went over for discussion.
j. norton.
On motion of Mr. WARD, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in
the case of J. Horton, aud without leaving
copies on file.
message sros1 the senate.
A message was received from the Senate of
the United States, by Mr. GoeHam, its Secre-
tary, notifying the Hotfse that that body had
