1176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
standing that lie should turn the horse loose
after he crossed the streams; and if, believing
in his heart tiiat it was necessary for the son
to have that aid or else he would drown in his
effort to cross the stream—I say, under those
circumstances, he might have given him a horse
to carry him over the stream, believing, as he
dici, that that was the only way in which his life
could be preserved, and then he would not
have been guilty before God and man of under-
taking to give aid or comfort to the enemies
of his country.
And, sir, if I stood in his place, with, I trust,
as much ol patriotic emotion as any other man
here or elsewhere possesses in behalf of this
country, and my son, in utter disregard of .my
wishes, would go, and if I believed in my heart
that under the circumstances he would be
drowned, I would say to him, "Take the best
horse I have, the best swimmer I have, cross
the stream, Save your life, turn him out and
let him- return back to me again.'' That would
have been giving aid ; but aid to what? Aid
to a recreant child who was determined to seek
the enemies of his country ; aid to him so far
as to save his life under circumstances in which
I felt he must lose it if he did not receive the
aid. Suppose he takes the horse and crosses
the stream and then turns the horse loose and
he returns to me again. I would have the con-
solation of believing that whatever fate might
thereafter befall my child, I should not be
charged with having been so infernally hard-
hearted as to tell him to go with death staring
him in the face when he started, and not have
saved the life of my child as long as I could.
I say that if Senator Thomas, under the cir-
cumstances, had given his son the aid of a horse
to cross the swollen streams, with a declaration
on his part that he should take him and use
him, though he might turn him back again that
the father might receive him, he would have
been justified before God and man for having
done an aet, not to aid the enemies of his coun-
try, but to preserve the life of his child under
circumstances in which he felt that the boy
recklessly and foolishly was about to peril his
life. It is a false assumption, therefore, that
the giving of aid to a person under all circum-
stances necessarily implies a desire and a cor-
rupt intent to give assistance to the enemies
of the country.
Mr. FOWLER. Would the Senator pro-
nounce that an act of loyalty to the Govern-
ment of the United States?
Mr. TIPTON. I should term, it an act per-
formed by a man thoroughly loyal.
Mr. FOWLER. Would the act in itself be
a loyal act?
Mr. TIPTON. The act itself would be a
loyal act if there was 110 intent whatever that
any use should be made other than this : that
I should be the instrument of preserving the
life of my son until such time as he had crossed
the stream where he was determined to cross.
The mere giving, under those circumstances,
would not be aid to the enemies of my country.
I have no sympathy with that mawkish senti-
ment that talks about laying your hands upon
yoursonand restraining him by physical force.
Mr. FOWLER. 1 wish to know whether I
understand the Senator correctly. Do I un-
derstand him to state that such an act would
be a loyal act, an act of loyalty to the Govern-
ment of the United States ? Suppose the son,
instead of going into the armies of the confed-
eracy. had been going to destroy the life of the
President of the united States, would the Sen-
ator still say ''take the §100 and go, and go
your aet although it is contrary to law?"
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, I averted
before, and I assert again, that as a parent, I
being opposed to the rebellion, (and supposing ,
that Mr. Thomas might have bee.n opposed to >
the rebellion,) under those circumstances, j
when I performed an act of that kind, believing ; j
that if I did not perform it for my son, he would
immediately lose his life, it was the act of a
loyal man, and 110 such thing can be drawn
from the act as an intent 011 my part to aid
him either to strike the President of the United
States or to strike those who are engaged in
defending the country 111 the South or anywhere
else.
Mr. FOWLER. I know that the Senator is
a perfectly patriotic and loyal man, no man in
this House more so; but suppose that the son
leaves his father with the intention of taking
the life of the President of the United States,
suppose his object was to destroy Mr. Lin-
coln's life, and the father, although he dis-
suades him—I will admit the dissuasion—still,
knowingwhat his objeetisgiveshim the money,
is that act loyal or disloyal to the Government
of the United States? Is that act morally
right in itself or morally wrong? Is it at all
excusable ? Is not the act of the father a more
terrible crime than the act of the son?
Mr. TIPTON. The cases are not parallel.
In the one case, the father would have the dis-
tinct understanding that the son intended to
commit murder, the object of his murder would
be specified, pointed out; and under those cir-
cumstances the Senator asks if that is a parallel
case with that in which he says he will join the
southern confederacy. If, perhaps, Jie had
pointed out to his father a Union recruit that
had gone from that neighborhood, and told his
father "I will follow him for the purpose of
taking his life;" if he had specified the man
and the crime that he intended to commit, it
would be a parallel case with the one which the
Senator cites when he refers to a conspiracy to
assassinate the President of the United States,
But he tells his father that he is about to start.
He had 110 specified object before him. The
father tells him, " You will wander about; you
will not be able to reach the armies of the
South; where are they ? In what capacity will
you enter them?'' The father tells him that
if he intends to make an effort to get to them
he cannot get through the lines; there is 110
certainty at all upon t he subject; and therefore
he says, "rather than that you should suffer
by hunger, I will administer to your wants,
although 1 protest, and have always protested
against your giving aid or comfort to the ene-
mies of your country." The cases are not
parallel by any means.
Mr. FOWLER. With the permission of the
Senator from Nebraska I wish to ask him
another question. 1 know his kindness of
heart and his patriotism, but 1 will ask him
this-qucstion : As the rebellion was contrary
to the laws of the United States, and 1 will
say contrary also to the laws of human nature
and of humanity, I ask him if every man who
engaged in the rebellion was notguilty, morally
and legally, of the crime of murder, and if the
Individual who left home for the purpose of
engaging in this unlawful rebellion did not
participate the crime of murder, and is not
quite as guilty as if he had had in view when
he started the spcciiic purpose of killing one
single man ?
Mr.'TIPTON. The Senator from Maryland
looks upon this just in the light in which the
Senator from Tennessee would look upon it.
That son undertook a mission in which he told
him he did not believe he could succeed; that
he did not believe he could get through the
lines ; and that father knew enough of human
nature to understand that when the son came
into suffering, and when he met with want, if
he was not utterly destroyed by disease con-
tracted in his peregrinations, there would be
a probability of his repentancc, and his ina-
bility to get through the lines might cause his
return again. Therefore, under these circum-
stances, he might be innocent in giving him
this amount or any other amount, not expect-
ing him to get through and not desiring him to
get through.
Mr. CONNI5SS. I rise to ask the honorable
Senator whether he will not give way to a mo-
tion to adjourn at this time, or at least to go
into executive session, and continue his remarks
to-morrow?
Mr. TIPTON. I shall not consume long,
and I prefer to continue at this time. I have
a word to say in regard to the parallel which has
been drawn between the case of Senator Patter-
son, of Tennessee, and the case of the Senator
from Maryland now applying for admission.
I think I can see a difference between the cases,
and the difference is not mucti in favor of the
Senator from Tennessee. The Senator from
Tennessee occupied and held, as I understand,
the position of judge under the southern con-
federacy, and now I want to know what that
confederacy was in its constitution? The con-
federacy in its constitution was lifeless; it had
no power; it was inert; it was oa paper, with-
out anything to give it efficacy and force ; but
when its offices were filled, when its judges
were appointed, then the confederacy was in
working order. A. Senator comes into this
Chamber who has been an officer ofthat confed-
eracy, who took the oath it required, who swore
before God to sustain that confederacy, who
administered the law under tha.t confederacy.
When he comes here what is the result?
The first effort is to modify the test-oath in
order to suit an ex-officer of the confederacy,
but that failing m the House of Representa-
tives, it is considered by the Senate that if the
gentleman himself is conscious of having com-
mitted no wrong, if he is conscious of not hay-
ing committed perjury in holding office under
the confederacy, he being a good Union man,
a loyal Union Republican, he shall have the
privilege of taking the oath in the Senate, and
he is allowed to do so and take his seat as a
Senator from Tennessee. The case to-day is
that of a man who never held an office under
the confederacy, who never swore to sustain
the confederacy, who never gave aid and com-
fort to sustain the confederacy, as even the
Senator frftm Tennessee did; and admitting
the good intentions and the pure motives of
the Senator from Tennessee during all the time
that he occupied a judicial position in the State
of Tennessee, I cannot see how we can be con-
sistent in advocating the entrance of the one
into this Hall and rejecting the other who never
took an oath to sustain the confederacy, and
who never was a judicial officer of the confed-
eracy. I propose, therefore, to leave this
question to be decided between the Senator
and his conscience, just asyou left the question
before my entrance into this Hall to bedecided
between the Senator from Tennessee and his
conscience and his God when you adminis-
tered the oath to him at the desk. I feel that
there is a necessity for consistency, and when
we know with how much difficulty all these
cases are 'hedged in, and will continue t*> be
hedged in, and when we know that this coun-
try will be organized and must be organized,
where there is a case of this kind, where there
is a presumption that humanity might have
controlled the giving of the money, if I have a
doubt on the subject, I will give it to the ap-
plicant for a seat and permit him, as you have
permitted other Senators here, to take the oath,
if in his conscience he feels that he can take it
rightfully and truthfully before God and man.
When the report of the committee came in
here, when I understood that the Committee
011 the Judiciary had decided that there was
nothing in the case to exclude the Senator,
unless it was in the testimony presented, I
felt that I was precluded from going outside
of the case as they presented it. I thought it
would be pettifogging if I went and took all
there was preceding and all that there was col-
lateral and all that there was following. I
thought that I ought to stick to the testimony
and to abide by the testimony. I supposed
there was no privilege for taking the whole
field of discussion. Other Senators have,
however, taken it. I shall not enter into it at
this late hour r but before I cast my vote 011
this subject 1 feel that if I were, with the
views 1 entertain from this testimony, to cast
that vote against the admission of the appli-
cant, I would do it in violation of those prin-
ciples that shall ever control me in regard to
the discharge of my duty toward my country,
toward my sons, and toward this body of
which I am a member.
Mr. FOWLER. As the Senator from Ne-
braska did not designate the Senator from Ten-
