2200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
March 28,
three new counties were erected ; erected, not,
as the gentleman says, bya constitutional con-
vention, but erected by an act passed by a Le-
gislature which was the creature of executive
usurpation, and approved by a Governor who
was also a creature of executive usurpation.
We have already twice, if not more than twice,
in our legislation, repudiated that Legislature
and that Governor and their acts. We have
declared them all illegal and without authority.
This was not the Legislature which Alabama
had before secession. It was not the Legisla-
ture which was in power pending the war,
clothed with whatever semi-sovereign State
power remained to Alabama at the end of the
war. But it was a Legislature which Andrew
Johnson, in violation of the Constitution, in
contempt of the fundamental principles of our
Government, manufactured and attempted to
fasten upon the people of Alabama, which
erected these counties. It was a Governor
appointed by Andrew Johnson, in like viola-
tion of our Constitution, over the people of
Alabama who approved the acts by which
these counties were created.
Such was the origin of these three counties.
The constitutional convention assembled un-
der our reconstruction acts adopted ordinances
which restored the territory which those three
counties embraced to the counties from which
it was originally taken. So far was the con-
vention from withholding from the people of
those counties in their new condition any part
of the representation to which they would have
been entitled if their county organizations had
been preserved, that it actually increased the
representative power of the people of those
counties in their restored relations. It ex-
tended to them, as a matter of fact, a power
which is above that of the-average of the people
of the State of Alabama. In other words, the
convention actually provided that, so far as
these three counties are concerned, a less
number of voters shall be sufficient to elect a
representative than constitute the average basis
of representation in the State.
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman allow me
-to ask him a question?
Mr. PAINE. Certainly.
Mr. BECK. As the gentleman has referred
to what I said the other day, I would ask him
if it is not a fact that there were ten new coun-
ties created at that time, and that three of
those, Baine, Colbert, and Jones, were stricken
out, and the other seven, which were created
at the same time, in 1800, were retained ?
Mr. PAINE. That is not the fact, as I am
about to show. It is a fact that on the 7th
of December, 1800, by an act which I hold in
my hand, the act of the bogus Legislature of
the State of Alabama, the county of Baine was
formed out of portions of Cherokee, Delvalb,
Marshall, Blount, St. Clair, and Calhoun coun-
ties ; that is true, and that act was approved
by Robert M. Patton, then provisional Gov-
ernor of Alabama. This act was passed, not
■by any constitutional convention, but "by the
Senate and House of Representatives of the
State of Alabama in General Assembly con-
vened."
It is also true that on the 4th of February,
1867, the new county of Jones was formed out
of portions of the counties of Marion and Fay-
ette by the same bogus Legislature. And on
the 0th of February, 1807, the same Legislature
formed the county of Colbert out of a portion
of the county of Franklin. So far my friend
from Kentucky is correct: this Legislature did
erect theSe three counties of Baine, Jones, and
Colbert.
But when this convention of Alabama assem-
bled ordinances were introduced to restore the
territory of these new counties to the counties
from which it had been taken. I have before
me the journal of the proceedings of the
eleventh day of that convention, the 10th of
November, 1807. On that day an ordinance
was introduced in these words :
11 Be, it f'i'ilfxlncO b h' the people of the State of A labama
in convention 'fiem'Acd, That the county of Colbert,
formed out of the county oi' Franklin, created by an
act of the last General Assembly of the State, and
purporting to have been approved on tho6fcn day or
February, 1867.be, and the same is hereby,abolished:
and that the territory and jurisdiction of Siid new
county be restored to the snid county of franklin,
just as it was on the 10th day of January, 1SG1.
I havehere, also, the journal of theninth day
of the convention, in which I find noticed the
introduction of an ordinance in precisely the
same words, mutatis mutandis, for restoring
the territory of the new county of Jones to the
old counties of Marion and Fayette, from which
it was taken. I have not been able to obtain
the journal of the convention showing when
these two ordinances were adopted, but I have
before me the correspondence of the New
York World, dated' Montgomery, Alabama,
December 7, 1807, which I have no doubt will'
be accepted as good authority by gentlemen
on the other side. In that correspondence I
find mentioned among the ordinances adopted
by the convention the following: an ordinance
to abolish the county of Colbert; an ordinance
to abolish the county of Jones; an ordinance
to abolish the county of Baine.
The complete journal of the convention is
not accessible to us. Fortunately I found the
portions which I have read and also the fore-
going correspondence in the office of the Clerk
of the House. Here is the explanation of
the disappearance of these three counties:
they were by the convention returned to the
condition which they held before the nonde-
script Legislature, installed by Presided
Johnson, undertook to erect them into new
counties. And when the gentlemen assert that
these three counties were disfranchised they
are utterly mistaken. Why, sir, if they will
look at those counties, in their present con-
dition, they will perceive that they not only
retain the whole of the representative power
which is bestowed upon oiher people of the
State, but on account of the accidental num-
bers of their people they actually have now a
greater power than the average people of the
State possess.. This results from no purpose
to give them increased representation at the
expense of the rest of the State, but from the
fact that their population happens to fall a little
short of the average basis of representation of
the State.
Underthe new arrangement the former coun-
ties of Franklin and Colbert are embraced in
the single county of Franklin, and have two
representatives in the State Legislature. Those
two counties have of registered voters 8,352,
as the gentleman will see if he will refer to the
tables from which he obtained his other facts.
The ratio of representation for the entire State
is one representative in the Legislature for
1,058 registered voters. Now, the half of 3,352
is 1,070, the ratio for the county of Franklin.
This, to be sure, exceeds the average basis by
eighteen. But the counties of Jones, Fayette,
and Marion constitute now two counties, with
y.121 registered voters, entitled to two repre-
sentatives, or at the rate of one for 1,500 voters.
This is almost one hundred less than the aver-
age. The counties of Cherokee, Do Kalb,
Marshall, Blount, St. Clair, and Calhoun, to
which the county of Baine has been restored,
with 8,912 voters, have six representatives, or
one to 1,485 voters, almost two hundred less
than the basis in each case. Is it denied, in the
face of all this, that Colbert is in fact author-
ized to vote in Franklin? Then tell me how
it happens that Franklin alone, under Gen-
eral Pope's registration, made before the res-
toration of these short-lived counties, had only
085 registered voters, only a little more than
half the basis for a single representative, and
yet, under the constitution, has two repre-
sentatives. The reason is that Colbert has
returned to her former place with her 1,810
registered voters. Is it denied that the peo-
ple of Jones are permitted to vote in their old
county organizations of Fayette and Marion?
Then why have Fayette and Marion each a
representative, when General Pope's registra-
tion shows (Wily 1,106 voters for the former
and 837 for the latter? Sir, the 1.178 voters
of Jones are distributed among them, and so
the number of voters in each is made to ap-
proximate to the average basis of the State.'
It appears, then, that the counties to which
Baine, Colbert, and Jonescounties are restored,
in forming these representative districts, have,
under the apportionment of this convention,
the full representation, and even more than the
full representation of all their registered voters.
If, on the other hand, you withdraw the popu-
lation of these counties, Colbert, Baine, and
Jones, from the counties with which they are
associated in this apportionment under the
constitution, you give these original counties
a representative power vastly greater than their
population or their registration entitles them
to wield.
I say, then, that here is the explanation or
the fact that the three names, Colbert, Baine,
and Jones, do not appear in the constitution,
that they have disappeared from the list of
counties as it existed in 1867. They were re-
stored by the convention to their old places,
the places they occupied before these three
acts were passed ; and when they were restored
their representative power went with them to
those old counties. The counties of Cherokee,
De Kalb, Marshall, Blount, St. Clair, and Cal-
houn have representative power which is
increased by distributing among them the
registered voters of Baine county registered by
General Pope when that county stood by itself.
So the representation of Fayette and Marion is
increased by distributing to them the registered
voters of Jones. And the representation of
Franklin is increased by giving to it the repre-
sentation to which the people of Colbert would
have been entitled if that county had remained
separate from Franklin.
These counties, then, are%ot disfranchised.
Their voters are required by the Constitution to
vote in the counties where they formerly voted ;
and voting there, instead of being stripped of
their power, they find it materially increased.
And this increase, Mr. Speaker, does not result
from any injustice purposely done by this con-
vention to the other counties of the State. It is
always impossible to makethe size of the coun-
ties or of representative districts conform ex-
actly to the basis of representation. Some
counties will have more, some less, population
or registered voters than the average ba?is for
the whole State. It so happens that these
counties had less than the basis, and they
actually have in the aggregate more represent-
ation in the State Legislature, (including both
the Senate and the House of Representatives,)
and will have more representation in Congress
than the same number of people on the average
another parts of the State. There is, then, no
injustice done to them ; and there is no inten-
tional injustice to the other people of the State,
because this results from the accidental num-
bers of their population.
Another objection made to this constitution
is, that the State has been "gerrymandered."
as the phrase is. It is said that an tmdue por-
tion of political power is given to one pan of
the State while its proper share is withheld
from another. I desire to present to tins House
the facts so far as this point i3 concerned. It
is asserted here by the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Kerr] and the gentleman from Kentuek?
[Mr. Beck] that to twenty four countie^of the
State sixty-five representatives are allotted
whereas to thirty-five counties only thirty-five
representatives are given ; that to these twenty-
four counties is assigned a proportion of fioiii-
ical power vastly greater than that to which
. elr population entitles them, because there
is a preponderance of black voters there, while
there is a preponderance of white voters' in the
other counties Well, sir, it happens that to
each one of the thirty-five counties to which
the gentleman refers one representative ;s
given. 1 hey are the small counties of the
State. _ As I have said, the basin of represent-
ation in the State is 1,658 votes; and 1
to this House bow, m answer to all that ha!
been said m the way of charging unkind
upon the convention in this apportion',en?
that of those thirty-live countS
