1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
laws that are not palatable to lis? They have
a right to enact those laws. We must guar-
anty to them the same privileges that we claim
for ourselves.
But this question, as it seems to me, is not
legitimately before the Senate. All that is
proposed by this bill is to reduce the standing
Army, to accord the very thing that our asso-
ciates here of opposing polities have been de-
manding at our hands from the beginning of
this long session of Congress up to within the
last twelve hours, to reduce the Army, and to
make it possible for the people of all the
States to enforce their own laws by the use or
their own citizens, to support the civil officers
and these State governments in the execution
of civil process.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to amend the
bill in section one, line four, by striking out
"thirty" and inserting " twelve and also,
in the same line, by striking out "eight" and
inserting "four; " so that it will read:
That the lino of the Army, as now constituted, bo
rcduced to twelve regiments of infantry, four regi-
ments of cavalry, and four regiments of artillery.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) The Chair will state that
this bill is itself an amendment. It was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It was
then reported to the Senate, and that amend-
ment was concurred in. It is not open to
amendment; but if there be no objection the
Chair will not make the point of order.
Several Senators. There is no objection.
Mr. STEWART. The point of order is not
raised.
The PRESIDING OFFICER proceeded to
put the question on the amendment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If the yeas and nays are
insisted upon, I make the point of order on the
proposition.
Mr. BUCKALEW. It is too late to make it.
Mr. CONKLING. Oh, 110 ; it is not.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I insist that the amend-
ment is out of order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is certainly too late
to raise the question of order now, after the
amendment is before the Senate, and being
voted upon.
Mr. BUCKALEW. If the Senator will per-
mit me, I believe a few moments ago we voted
on an amendment offered by the Senator from
Rhode Island.
Mr. CONKLTNG. That amendment was to
add to the bill. This is to strike out and
change it after we have agreed to it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should like to take
the yeas and nays on this question. I think
we may just as well take the yeas and nays
upon it.
Mr. CONKLTNG. Let us hear what the
Chair says on the point of order first.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the point
of order is insisted upon, the Chair of course
must decide 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. But the question is sub-
mitted to the Senate, and we are taking the
vote upon it, and are now dividing on the ques-
ti0"- i,
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will allow
me, hardly that. Some of us sitting here for a
number of hours patiently listening to speeches,
all of them most pertinent to this bill, of course,
were willing by unanimous consent that the
sense of the Senate should betaken on that
amendment, supposing it to be in the ordinary
way, by voice, and the Senator was to be
content with that; but now, if he wishes to
divide the Senate, and show the lack of a quo-
rum, if there is such a lack, then unanimous
consent might not be given. My friend before
me [Mr. Williams] makes the point of order,
and I hope the Chair will decide it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the gentleman as-
sumes that there is no quorum piesent, then
we have nothing to do but adjourn.
Mr. CON KLING. I do not say there is no
quorum present. I say it it should turn out
that there is 110 quorum.
Mr. DO OLITTLE. I am satisfied that there
is a quorum.
Mr. CONKLING. Let the Chair decide the
point of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Sen-
ator from Oregon makes the point of order, of
course the Chair decides that the amendment
is not in order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The question was sub-
mitted, and the Senate was dividing upon the
question ; and it is too late to raise the point of
order. I do not ask a division of the Senate
for the purpose of showing that there is no quo-
rum. "There is evidently a quorum in the
body. I wish simply to have the vote by yeas
and nays. I do not wish to discuss it.
Mr. CONNESS. Has the Senator any doubt
as to what the decision of the Senate was upon
his amendment?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to have the
yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask if the Senator has
any doubt as to the decision of the Senate?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask the Senator from
California if he does not wish to place himself
on the record by yeas and nays!
Mr. CONNESS. I do not wish to please a
Senator who is simply aiming to gain political
points.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am not aiming at po-
litical ends. I am for reducing the Army to
twenty thousand men.
Mr. CONKLING. Is this debate in order
after the question has been decided?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Wisconsin appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. With all respect to the
Chair, 1 wish to say that after the question of
order was once waived and the amendment
agreed to bo submitted, and the vote is being
taken, it is too late to raise the question of
oider.
Mr. STEWART. I rise to a question of
order. My point of order is that discussion on
this matter is not in order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask for information
from the Chair if it be not too late to raise the
question of order after the question lias once
been waived and the amendment submitted to
the Senate ?
Mr. CONKLING. That is just what he has
decided.
Mr. DOOLTTTLE. No; he has not de-
cided that. Pie said the question originally
was out of order. .
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is of opinion that the point of order can be
made at any stage. The question before the
Senate is on the engrossment and third read-
ing of the bill.
Mr. V1CKERS. I wish to offer an amend-
ment. .
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The question is on the
amendment I offered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator appeal from the decision of the Chair ?
The Chair decides that the amendment is out
of order.
Mr. DOOLTTTLE. I do not understand
the decision of the Chair upon the amendmen t.
The Chair did not announce any vote upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
announced that the amendment was not agreed
to, there beingno point of order lmide. After
that the point of order was made, '
Chair decided that the amendment
m order. . .
Mr. DOOLTTTLE. I ask for a division of
the Senate upon the question. . .
Mr. CONKLING. How can that be if it is
out of order'?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can be
taken by unanimous consent.
Mr. NYE. The Senator from Wisconsin
appears to die hard. What is the matter with
him ?
Mr. DOOLTTTLE. It seems these gentle-
men do not dare go on the record.
Mr. CONKLING. Oh, I guess they dare
go on the record.
and
the
not
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be entertained if there be no objec-
tion.
Mr. CONKLING. There is objection. I
object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being interposed it cannot be entertained. Tho
Senator from Maryland offers an amendment,
which will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to add to the ninth section the following
proviso :
Provided, That the arms, aceoutermen ts, and equip-
ments provided for in this section shall not be deliv-
ered to the Governors of tho States as mentioned in
this section prior to the 1st day of January next,
unless the President of the United States thall deem
such delivery necessary for the suppression of dis-
turbance or disorder in any of the said States.
Mr. YICKERS. Mr. President, if there is
no actual disturbance in the southern States I
can see no necessity for this ninth section, which
provides for the distribution of arms. I have
understood from Senators on the other side
since I have had a seat in this body that recon-
struction was all that was desired; that it was
to be the panacea for everything; that there
would be peace and harmony if reconstruction
could take place. Reconstruction has taken
place in one mode, and yet this measure is
introduced, the very object of which is to arm
the negroes against the whites. There can be
110 other purpose and no other object.
I do not understand that Senators on this
side of the Chamber are opposed to the reduc-
tion of the Army, as has been suggested by
the Senator from Iowa. It the Senate will
disconnect this ninth section of the bill from
the other portion of it, the Senators 011 this
side of the Chamher will be found voting for
the reduction of the Army. I assume that
Senators were sincere when they asked lor this
reduction, and consequently a diminution of
the expenses of the country. But connected
with that measure is a section which is dis-
approved by Senators who think as I do. and
for which they cannot vote.
Where was the necessity of adding the ninth
section to this bill? _ Was there any?. Has it
any natural connection with or affinity to it?
I hold in my hand a bill passed by the House
of Representatives containing the very pro-
visions of the ninth section ; a bill coming
from the House single and isolate, upon which
the Senate expected a vote, and it the vote
had been taken upon that; bill, the Senators 011
this side would have voted against it, and still
have voted for the reduction of the Army.
Why lias this bill which has passed the. House
of Representatives providing for the distribu-
tion of arms been laid aside, and its provisions
incorporated into ft bill for the reduction Ot
the Army, if it has not been to force Senators
on this side of the Chamber to vote against
the bill itself? I shall vote against the bill as
it stands, if the ninth section remains a portion
of it. but I should vote for the bill if the ninth
section were taken from it. The ninth section
has virtually passed the House of Represen-
tatives as a separate bill, and a vote can be
taken upon it in the Senate if the majority
pleases.
I do not see any inconsistency in Senators
voting against this bill with the ninth section in
it; nor do C see that there is anythiug in the
conduct of the Democratic and Conservative
party to bring on a war of races or any col-
lision. There is no disposition to do it. If
any hostility is brought about it will be by the
act of Congress itself by these reconstruction
laws. The tenure-of office bill was believed to
be unconstitutional by the party to which I am
attached. The Freedman's Bureau bill was
deemed to be unconstitutional by the same
party : and all the reconstruction acts have been
liable to the same constitutional objection.
Does it follow, because we consider these acts
unconstitutional, that therefore it is new■ssa.y
to bring on a conflict of arms? No ' : '
conflict is to be one of opinion. 1 he voice ot
the people is to decide this, great con rover*/,
not a conflict of arms. It is to be deteiunneft
