i86a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1177
nessee to whom he referred, I should like to
know before he sits down if he alluded to me.
Mr. TIPTON. Of course I made no refer-
ence to the Senator.
Mr. COLE obtained the floor.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is manifest this vote
cannot be taken to-day, and I ask the Senator
from California to yield to a motion to adjourn.
Mr. WILSON. Why.can we not geta vote?
Mr. ANTHONY. Because several Senators
are going to address the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. There is some little ex-
ecutive business, and if the Senator from Cali-
fornia yields the floor I should like to make a
motion for an executive session.
Mr. COLE. I yield to that motion..
Mr. POMEROY. I move, then 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is a
motion already pending. The Senator from
Rhode Island moves that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. ANTHONY. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise merely for the pur-
pose of saying that I hope the Senate will agree
to vote upon this question on Monday. There
are only one or two speeches to be made, I
believe, and I feel it my duty, if the Senate
will permit me, to close the debate. I am very
anxious to close it, was anxious to close it to-
day, and I shall be especially anxious to close
it on Monday, because of engagements in the
Supreme Court of the United States which I
am obliged to attend to. I hope, therefore,
the Senate will come together on Monday with
a determination to bring the discussion to a
close.
EXECUTIJE SESSION.
The motion of Mr. Pomeroy was agreed to ;
and the Senate proceeded to the consideratio 
of executive business. After some time spent
therein, the doors were reopened, and the Sen-
ate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 14, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
generals grant and hancock.
Mr. WOOD, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following'resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved., That the General of the Army be re-
quested to transmit to this IIouso any correspond-
ence, by telegraph or otherwise, between himself
and Major General Hancock relating to the removal
by the latter of councilmen .in the city of New Or-
leans.
Mr. WOOD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
move<fto lay the motion to reconsider on the
tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
soldieks' and sailors' orphan iiojie.
Mr. SPALDING. I ask unanimous con-
sent to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Appropriations
be directed to inquiieinto the expediency of making
an appropriation for the next fiscal year of $10,000,
or some other sum, for the benefit of the National
Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphan Home in the oity of
Washington, and that said committee have leave to
report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. HARDING. I hope that resolution
will be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope the gentleman
will allow the matter to go to the Committee
on Appropriations.
Mr. HARDING. I am not opposed to it;
but I desire to have it considered by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. I move to amend
the resolution so as to refer the matter to that
committee.
Mr. SPALDING. I withdraw the resolu-
tion.
new jvdicial circuit in illinois.
Mr. LOGAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 727) for an act to es-
tablish a new judicial circuit in the State of
Illinois^ to beheld at Galesburg; which was
read a first and second time* and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
TAXATION OF UNITED STATES BONDS.
Mr. LOGAN also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 204)
providing for the taxation of United States
bonds.
The joint resolution was read. It "provides
that from and after the 1st day of June, 1868,
all United States bonds shall pay an internal
tax of two per cent, per annum, to be collected
by deducting from the coupons of said bonds
at the rate of one per cent, on half of said tax
semi-annually when said coupons are presented
at the Treasury of the United States for pay-
ment.
The joint resolution was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
ROYALTY FOIt INVENTIONS.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce for reference a bill prohibiting offi-
cers in the United States Government from
receiving pay, royalty, or allowance on any
invention or patent while in said service.
Mr. CHANLER. I object.
WASHINGTON, ETC., INDIAN WAR CLAIMS.
Mr. FLANDERS, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior bo
requested to inform this House the amount of Indian
spoliation claimsnow on file in his Department.grow-
ing out of the Indian war of 1855 and 1856, in Oregon'
and Washington Territory.
Mr. CAVANAUGLL I ask the gentleman
to modify his resolution, so as to include a list
of the Indian claims for Montana.
Mr. FLANDERS. Very well; I will modify
my resolution accordingly.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
BUREAU OF STEAM ENGINEERING.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill (II. R. No.
728) relating to the bureau of steam engineer-
ing in the Navy Department; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
WHISKY FRAUDS IN NEW ORLEANS.
Mr. COYODE, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the following communication ; which
was ordered to be printed in the Globe, and
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means:
New Orleans, January 29.1868.
Sir: I take the liberty of inclosing to you a copy
of a communication forwarded by me to the Secretary
of the Treasury on the 27th instant. It explains
itself as far as it goes; but when I wrote it I had no
idea of the extent of the frauds in whisky. Only last
night did a whisky man explain them to me, I give
you a copy of his estimate, and as you are a practical
man you will at once understand that it is a low esti-
mate, perhaps not one half enough, as there are stills
hero capable of running fifty to sixty barrels daily.
80 distilleries licensed.
15 barrels daily on an average, and a low one.
450 barrels per day.
40 gallons per barrel.
18,000 gallons per day.
250 days running per annum, allowing much,
  too much, lost time.
4,500,000 gallons.
82 tax per gallon.
$9,000,000 tax per annum, and only twenty-three and
one half barrels returned from 1st May to 1st Novem-
ber, 1867.
I have' no doubt that a careful investigation by
Congress wouldsave to the Government not less than
twelve million doliais annually in cotton, whisky,
and bonded warehouses in Louisiana. Can a com-
mittee employ their time more profitably?
I would be pleased to hear from you at your con-
venience in relation to this matter.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
MILES N. CARPENTER.
Hon. John Coyode, M. c.
Cox>v of a statement made to Hon. H. McCulloch, Secre-
tary of the Treasury, on the 21th January, 1868, of the
fraudh committed by Government officials and the
" whivky mng>3 in J\T-ew Orleans, Louisiana.
On the 2d day of November, 1867. at the instigation
andurgentsojicitation of Captain William M. Robin-
son, agent for Dr. James Beady, assessor of internal
revenue, first district, Louisiana. Igave to Dr. James
Beady and his agent, Captain William M. Robinson,
the following information:
1. That every license distillery in this district was
running under what was known as the rules of the
** whisky ring."
2. That no license was granted to persons who did
not belong to this " ring."
3. That owners of distilleries, in order to join this
44 ring" and get license, had to agree to the following
terms, namely, to pay 81,000 monthly to the collector
of internal.revenue; to pay monthly $300 to the
assessor of internal revenue; to place in a bonded
warehouse one out of every fifteen barrels of spirits
distilled, and to pay no tax on the other fourteen
barrels; brands and papers sufficient for them being
furnished on one dollar a barrel being paid to the
inspector.
4. That every gallon of spirits manufactured in this
district was contraband or had not paid the revenue
tax.
5. That on the seizures being made at once and
simultaneous I would show how the spirits was
pumped out of the receiving tub, and also show how
the barrels were branded without troubling an
assessor, collector, or inspector.
6. That the books of the collector, assessor, and
inspector would show how many gallons had been
returned and paid the tax since the 1st of May, 1867,
to the 1st of November, 1867.
This statement was deemed ample by Dr. Ready,
who appeared astonished at such rascality being
perpetrated under his very nose. He said he was
well awaro that frauds were being committed, but
could not tell how they were done. The above facts
were subsequently sworn to by Mr. J. W. Elder, in
presence of Dr. Ready, and more could have been
pioven, if necessary, (See accompanying" paper
marked *\A.")
Dr. Ready promised to have seventy-five or one
hundred and fifty men if required to seize all the
distilleries, rectifying establishments, and spirits in
the city simultaneous and at once. After waiting a
day or two Dr. Ready said he could not get men
enough to seize all at once, and proposed seizing1
some of the largest on the 15th November, 1867.
Between the 2d of November and the 15th Novem-
ber a few seizures had been made. On the 15th
November, 1867, he did not comply with his promises
in any way. Seizures were made in such a manner
as to alarm the members of the "ring:," who had time
to destroy the evidence at each of the distilleries
and rectifying establishments of the manner by which
the frauds were perpetrated. Since that time some
of them that were seized (as per paper marked "B")
were released without a trial and arc now running
as usual.
Dr. Ready has in no instance complied with his
promise. lie has asserted that he was offered a bribe
of $25,000 to resign butthat he refused it, since whieh
time he has discontinued ordering the seizures of
distilleries and rectifying establishments, and appears
to make light of the information which ho once
thought so important and sought so eagerly.
The following is a list of the property liable to
seizure under the information given by me:
25 licensed distilleries,valued at $?.()() each...$75,000
25 rectifying establishments, valued at
8300 each    75,000
10,000 barrels of spirits, valued at £8U each... 800,000
25 bonds for license of distilleries (for-
feited) $20,000  500,000
Total $1,450,000
Verbal and written notices have repeatedly been
given to Dr. Ready by me since the 2d of November.
1867, of the violation of the internal revenue laws of
the United States, and also to Captain William M.
Robinson, inspector of internal revenue, who made
a few seizures of spirits as per accompanying paper
marked " C," a portion of which, namely, one hun-
dred and sixty barrels and fourteen half-barrels of
whisky, has been returned to Mr. Alonzo Clarke, the
claimant, on the grounds that his papers wcio all
right, although in giving the information and evi-
dence to Dr. Ready and Captain William M. Robin-
son it was distinctly explained how papers were
fraudulently obtained, an explanation of which
would be too lengthy for this statement.
The names of several witnesses to confirm Mr. J.
W. Elder's testimony were furnished to Dr. Ready.
These gentlemen did not wish to proffer and volun-
tarily come forward to give evidence but would
and will, on the stand in court or before a prop-
erly authorized committee, on being regularly sub-
poenaed, testify to the facts as stated by Mr. J.
Elder. Had the seizures been made simultaneous
and at once, and information pot been given to tho
distillers and reetifyers, the evidence at each distil-
lery or rectifying establishment of the manner m
which the frauds were perpetrated would have been
convincing proof of itself without any additional
corroborating testimony. ^ i „
Dr. Ready has repeatedly said that he had sum-
cient proofs in liis office of those frauds; and such
must necessarily be the case, as only on twenty-three
and a half barrels of spirits has the tax been paid
from the 1st of May to the 1st of November, 18b<.
I was induced and influenced to engage in this mat-
ter by the agents of the Government, and m no in-
stance have they fulfilled their promises to me.
Instead of being assisted by the assessors and col-
lectors of internal revenue m this city m exposing
the frauds perpetrated against the Government, I
have been abused, traduced, and in one instance, oa
the 9th day of January, 1868, at the custom-house,
while engaged in this business, I was attacked and
beaten by one of General Steadman's deputies, a
man whom I never knew, nor whose name I Lad
