4260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
by the ballots, not bullets, of the American
people.
The election will be passed before the elect-
oral votes can be counted. What, then, is the
object of arming the negroes, for this is virtu-
ally doing so. The Senator from West Vir-
ginia says that in Texas but a small portion
of the whites were loyal to the Government,
while the negroes were loyal. Then these loyal
men, who are the negroes mostly, are to be
armed. They are to be armed against the
great majority of the whites, who constitute
what are called the rebel portion of those com-
munities.
_Mr. CONNESS. With the Senator's per-
mission I will remind him that the bill does
not propose to send arms to Texas, Misaissppi,
or Virginia,
Mr. VICKERS. The same reason applies
to the States in which it is proposed to send
arms. South Carolina has a majority of ne-
groes in it. Is not. South Carolina in the bill ?
Is not the legislative power of that State in
the hands of the negroes '?
Then you propose to arm the negroes against
the white population because you deem all
disloyal who are opposed to your reconstruc-
tion measures. The very test of loyalty set up
by Congress is an approval and support of the
reconstruction laws. If that is the test, and
all others are to be armed, do you not arm the
negroes against the white population?
The Senator from Iowa said that the arms
were to be placed in the bands of the Gov-
ernors of these States. Who elected those Gov-
ernors? Was it not the negro vote? Can it
be questioned that those who placed the Gov-
ernors in power will receive the arms from
them, just as certainly as if the Senate voted
that the arms should be placed in their hands?
The question is now presented to the Senate,
Will you arm the negroes ? The Senator from
Indiana says " Yes ; arm the negroes ; arm the
loyalists for the purpose of keeping in subjec-
tion the rebels." Who are the rebels? Every
one opposed to your measures of reconstruc-
tion. Every one who is opposed to that doc-
trine is denominated a rebel. Then you place
these arms in the hands of the loyal popula-
tion, consisting of a majority of negroes ; and
if you do so what use is to be made of them?
I admired the frankness of the Senator from
Missouri when he said, if necessary, to protect
themselves at the ballot-box. Yes, he would
do it at the ballot-box; and can there be any
doubt that these arms will be used to prevent
persons from voting who have the right to
vote? We all know the ignorance of this
portion of the people, their excitability, and
we know that when they are manipulated by
white agents they can be made to do almost
anything.
My amendment provides that if it shall be
nacessary to furnish arms it shall be done by
the President of the United States. Who has
the authority t,o suppress domestic violence or
repel invasion? Is it not the President of the
United States? Congress does not give him
the power to do so, but the Constitution itself,
in the fourth section of the fourth article, pro-
vides that—
"The United States shall guaranty to every State
in this linion a republican form of government, and
shall protect each of them against invasion, and on
application of the Legislature, or of the Executive
(when the Legislature cannot he eopvened) against
domestic violence."
Is it not "domestic violence" that Senators
say is apprehended in these reconstructed
States? is it not "domestic violence" that
you say these arms ate to be placed in the
hands of the negroes to suppress? Is not this
provision a circumvention of the section of the
Constitution which I have read? The Consti-
tution places this power in the hands of the
Executive, and when the Executive, upon sat-
isfactory information given to him, is informed
of such a state of facts, he is bound by his oath
of office and by his duty, as a former President
did in the case of Pdiode Island, to suppress
the insurrection or domestic violence. The
Executive has not been applied to, and, if I
understand, domestic violence does not now
exist in the South to such an extent as to re-
quire any intervention on the part of the Pres-
ident.
Then why are these men to bo armed now
if it be not for the purpose of using force ?
Suppose these arms shall be used to prevent
persons from voting who have the legal right
to vote, and the election shall be carried in
those States by force and violence; those
votes will be sent to Washington to be counted
as the electoral votes for a certain candidate,
when there may not have been a single elector
properly elected. Congress lias no right to
examine into that matter, to investigate the
question of force used in the election, and
when the voteseome here, they will be counted,
and if counted they may elect a President,
when, if the vote were a full one and the voice
of the people could be fairly ascertained, the
decision might elect other candidates. 1 know
of no authority in the Congress of the United
States to examine a question of that character.
The amendment that I have offered will give
to the Executive the power at auy time to send
relief to the South if the necessities of the
case require it; but 1 have postponed the dis-
tribution of the arms until the 1st of January,
in order that the election may pass in peace
and quiet, that there may be no violence and
no disorder. If, however, there shall be cause
for interference, the amendment provides that
the President may, upon application, suppress
any domestic insurrection that may arise.
Mi. CONNliSS. There is one little diffi-
culty in the way of the amendment of my friend
from Maryland in having these arms distrib-
uted by the order of the President of the Uni-
ted States. I fear the President could not find
out who was Governor of South Carolina, nor
ofany ofthe other of these reconstructed States.
Judging by the tenor ofthe proclamations that
he lias issued, and the messages sent in here,
relative to the ratification of the constitutional
amendment by those States, he evidently does
not know who are the Governors of those
States. He speaks of the persons that we
believe are the Governors of those Slates as
" those who write themselves Governors;'' and
he would make a mistake no doubt, and send
the arms to Perry, in South Caiolimi, for he
is the only man whom he knows as Governor
of South Carolina. If he admitted that Gover-
nor Scott was Governor of that State 1 should,
perhaps, be willing to trust him that the arms
would reach Governor Scott; but it is very
evident now from the tenor of his proclama-
tions that he would never send them to Gover-
nor Seott. That being the case, and my friend
being a sincere gentleman, [ think ho must
have forgotten that circumstance, else he would
n'ot attempt to place the distribution of the
arms in the discretion ofthe President.
Mr. BUCK ALE W. Mr. President, I am
obliged to say a few words. I shall not occupy
the Senate long. I disavow entirely the posi-
tion assigned me by the Senator from Iowa
[Mr. Hatii.an] of being opposed to the reduc-
tion of the Army. I said nothing to warrant
the imputation in the course suf my former
remarks.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator will allow
me, I had not the opportunity of hearing the
speech of the Senator from Pennsylvania. I
alluded more particularly to the remarks sub-
mitted by the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky, and the honorable Senator from Wis-
consin, whose speeches I did hear. I was
necessarily absent from the Chamber while
the Senator from Pennsylvania was speaking.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I am strongly in favor
of the reduction of the Army to a lower num-
ber even than that provided for by the amend-
ment. The bill which we had under consider-
ation before, fixed the number at twent.y-six
thousand. This amendment fixes the number
at thirty thousand, being somewhat greater
than it was before. 1 am for the lowest num-
ber. I am for the first proposition which was
introduced from the committee, to wit, fix- {
ing the number of troops at twenty-six thou- I
sand. It is my opinion that with the number
fixed at that figure there would he an ade-
quate supply for any necessity which will exist
in the southern country before the meeting of
Congress in December next. I believe there
are no more than twelve or fifteen thousand
troops now in those States. They Lave been
found adequate to preserve order during all
the exciting period during which reconstruc-
tion has been going on, in which these States
have been undergoing the process ef reorgan-
ization.
Now, sir, the Senator from Wisconsin, in
suggesting that the officers and soldiers ofthe
United States can preserve the peace, and can
insure fairness in the elections that are to take
place during the coming fall in the South
much better than local militia organized under
those governments, took no position incon-
sistent with a position for the large reduction
of the Army of the United States. The two
things are not at all inconsistent. There would
be an adequate supply of troops for southern
purposes if the number were fixed as low as
twenty-six thousand, which was proposed by
the bill, or of thirty thousand, which is now
proposed by the amendment. There would
doubtless be as large a supply then available
for the purpose of preserving order as are now
used or have been recently used in that section
of country.
The pending amendment offered by the
Senator from Maryland postponing this dis-
tribution of arms until the 1st of January next
must necessarily be resisted by those who are
in favor of this ninth section of the amend-
ment, because it would obviously defeat the
purpose of that section. The elections in the
South liave been to a great extent controlled
and governed by the Army of the United
States. That fact is patent to the most super-
ficial observation. Congress has laid down
the rules under which elections shall be held
in that section of the Union, lias prescribed
the terms under which the right of suffrage
shall be exercised in all those States, and has,
in substance, dictated leading material, vital
provisions of the southern constitutions, and
has retained to itself absolute power over them
after they were formed, to adopt them or to reject
them. In short, and to state it all in a word,
the simple truth is that those southern consti-
tutions and governments have been prescribed
by Congress, have been formed under its direc-
tion. and subject to its control. They are its
work. They have not proceeded from the
spontaneous action of the people in those
States. It is too plain for argument: it is too
plain for dispute ; and yet the Senator from
Iowa tells us that this subject is entirelv within
the control of the people of those States, and
that those provisions of their constitutions
which require odious oaths disfranchising large
masses of the inhabitants is not the work of
Congress; that Congress is not responsible
for them ; that they are the work of the people
of those States over which we have no control,
and for which no just responsibility can be
imposed upon us. How clearly all that is
opposed to the plain truth of history, to the
facts that are known to us all. Those oaths
which prevent, any man holding certain opin-
ions from voting at elections, constituting a
rule or test applicable to one halt or more of
the population of some of those Slates, are the
work_ of Congress. Why? Because those
constitutions were made under the authority
and dictation of Congress; because thev were
submitted here and accepted by Congress and
pronounced by it to be Republican in charac-
ter, although they carried disfranchisement
broadcast upon their very face, and although
the argument from the beginning has been that
It is the duty of Congress to guaranty repub-
lican forms of government to those States, and
torms which shall permit the colored tnen in
those States to vote, because disfranchisement
is anti-republican in character. If, therefore,
there be any inconsistency in position 1 main-
tain that it is with the Senator from Iowa
ana those who think with him, and not with
