3226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
June IT,
■which may be conferred upon tliem by any
court of competent jurisdiction.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Well, I will accept that,
and ask a vote upon it. I now yield to my j
colleague on the committee.
Mr. BALDWIN. Mr. Speaker, I am sure :
that no amendment whatever can make this !
bill fit to be passed by this House. I therefore !
am opposed to the amendment, moved by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Pruyn.] 1
wish to express here, as I did in the committee,
my opposition to the bill, and the opposition
expressed there by "a portion of the committee.
It is a bill that should not pass.
Mr. BROOMALL. Task permission to offer
an amendment, to strike out the third section
and insert in lieu of it the following:
That the said company be, and they aro hereby,
authorized to keep a hotel, to open antl maintain a
barber's shop and a lager beer saloon, and to con-
duct any other business that will pay.
[Laughter.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. Tagreeto that, provided
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Bitooit-
ALlJ shall run the lager beer saloon. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr.Speaker, the gentlemen who are interested
in this institution are anxious to make it a suc-
cess. They want nothing but what they think
right and legitimate ; but as there is apparently
considerable oppositisn to the third section, I
will move that it bo stricken out, because I
would rather have the bill without that section
than to have the bill fail. I renew the demand
for the pievious question,
Mr. PRUYN. I withdraw my amendm'ent.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Is it in order now to move
to lay the bill on the table?
The SPEAKER. It is ; and as the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] has given
noticc of such a motion as soon as the gentle-
man from Illinois surrendered the floor, the
motion will now be considered as made.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to lay the bill
and amendments on the table.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Is it understood that
tlie third section of the bill is stricken out?
The SPEAKER. The motion to strike it
out is pending.
Mr. INGERSOLL. And I have called the
previous question on that motion.
The SPEAKER. The demand for the pre-
vious question is pending, but the motion to
lay on the table takes precedence.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I simply want the House
to understand that I am willing it shall be
stricken out.
The question was put on Mr. Benjamin's
motion ; and there were—ayes 6G, noes 32.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I call for tellers.
r Mr. KELSEY. I demand the yeas and nays.
We may as well order them at once. It will
come to that in the end.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 85, nays 32, not voting
72; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, DelosR. Ashley, Bailey,
Baker, Baldwin, Beaman. Beatty, Beek, Benjamin,
Benton, Bingham, Blair,Boutwell, Boyer, Broomall,
Buckland, Butler, Cary, Chanler, Churchill, Reader
W. Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cornell, Covode,
Delano, Ela, Eldridge, Ferriss, Fields, Garfield,
(rlossbrenner, Golladay, Gravely, Haight, Harding,
Higby, Hotehkiss, Chester J). Hubbard, Hulburd,
Johnson, Julian, Kelsey. Ivetcham, Kitchen, Knott,
Marvin, McCarthy, McCormick, Mercur, .Moore,
Mullins, jSTewcomb, Niblack, Nicholson, Paine,
Plants, Polsley, Pomeroy, Price, Kandall, Baum,
Scolicld, Selye, Shanks, Sheliabarger, Smith, Spald-
ing, Aaron i1'. Stevens. Stewart, Taffe, Taylor, John
Trimble. Lawrence S. Trimble, Upson, Van Aernara,
Kobert T. Van Horn, Van Trump, Van "Wyck, Waid,
Blihu B. Washburne, William B. Washburn, John
X. Wilson, and Woodward—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barnes, Blaine, Cake, Sid-
ney Clarke, Donnelly, Driggs, i'uni-worth, Perry,
Hawkins, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Judd. Koonti, Loan,
Loughridge, Maynard, McClurg, Miller, Morrell,
O'Neill, Peters, Pike, Pruyn, Sawyer, Starkweather,
Stokes, Stone, Taber, Henry D. Washburn, Thomas
Williams, and William Williams—32.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames,
Arnell, James M. Ashley, Axtell, Banks, Barnum,
Bromwell, Brooks, Burr, Cullom, Dawes, Dixon,
I>odsc, Ecltley, Eggleston, Eliot, Finney, Fox, Gets,
Grisivold, Grover. Halsey, Hill. Holman Hooper.
Hopkins, Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard D, Hubbard,
Humphrey, Hunter, Jones, Keliey, Kerr, Laflin,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lincoln,
I.ogan, Lynch, Mallory, Marshall, McCullough,
Moorhead. Morrissey. Muirron, Myers. Nunn. Orth,
Periinm, Phelps. Pile, Poland, Robertson, Robin-
son, Ross, Sehenek, Sitgroaves, Thaddcus Stevens,
Thomas, Trowbridge, Twiehell, Van Auken. Burt
Van Horn, Cadwaiader 0. Washburn. AVelker, James
F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, Wood, and
Wood bridge—72.
So the bill and amendments were laid on the
table.
Mr. BOUTWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill and amendments were
laid on the table; and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. As the House has sent
this bill to the gentleman's 11 hole in the sky,"
I do not see the necessity of this motion.
JUDGE ADVOCATE OF THE ARMY.
The morning hour having expired,
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary
of War, transmitting a draft of a proposed law
relating to the Judge Advocate of the Army,
with the approval of the Department; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
KESOLUTIONS OF THE TEXAS CONTENTION.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House resolutions of the
Texas constitutional convention, asking that
tho reconstruction laws be so amended as to
transfer the power to appoint and remove
registers from the military commander of the
fifth district to the convention; also asking
Congress to authorize the organization of a
militia force by the convention, to act in con-
junction with and under the direction of the
military commander, for the protection of the
lives and property of citizens, now every day
preyedonbyassassinsatid robbers, anclexpress-
ing their confidence in General Reynolds, the
commander of the district of Texas, that he will,
to the extent of the means placed at his dis-
posal, give protection and preserve the peace.
The resolutions were referred to the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction.
LEAVE OF ABSKNCE.
Mr. DODGE asked and obtained indefinite
leave of absence.
Mr. BARNES asked and obtained leave of
absence for five (toys.
CAPTURE OF JEFFERSON DAVIS,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, by
unanimous consent, from tho Committee of
Claims, reported abill (H. R. No. 1277) to pro-
vide for the distribution of the reward offered
by the President of the United States for the
capture of Jefferson Davis; which was read a
first and second time, recommitted, and, with
the report accompanying the same, ordered to
be printed.
ANTIETAM CEMETERY.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, by unani-
mous consent, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, submitted a report on the subject
of burying confederate dead in Antietain ceme-
tery; which was ordered to bo printed, and
recommitted.
REMOVAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. PAINE. I ask unanimous consent to
have taken from the Speaker's table the amend-
ment of the Senate to House bill No. 1059, to
relieve certain citizens of North Carolina of
disabilities, and have it referred to the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction.
No objection was made, and the amendment
was referred accordingly.
PROMOTION OF AMERICAN COMStEltCE.
The SPEAKER. On yesterday the House
was considering, as the special order, the river
and harbor appropriation bill as in Committee
of the Whole. On the 27th of May the House
granted unanimous consent that House bill
No. 929, to promote American commerce,
should be taken up after the morning hour on
a day fixed, to the exclusion of any other busi-
ness whatever. That bill has been twice put
off, but is now reached. The pending question
is upon a substitute reported from the Com-
mittee on Commerce. If there is no objection
the substitute will be regarded as an original
bill, for the convenience of amendments-
No objection -was made.
The substitute was read. The first section
provides that section four of an act entitled
"An act amendatory of certain acts imposing
duties upon foreign importations," approved
March 3, 18fi5, and section fifteen of an act
entitled "An act increasing temporarily the
duties on imports, and for other purposes,
approved July 14, 1862, shall be amended so
that the tonnage tax therein imposed shall be
collected only from vessels arriving from foreign
^ The second section provides that a drawback
equal to the duties paid be allowed to ship-
builders on lumber, cordage, iron, copper,
chains, and anchors actually used and employed
by them in the building and rigging of any ship,
steamer, or other vessel built within the limits
of the United States; the amount of draw-
back in all cases to be ascertained and paid in
such maimer and under such regulations as
may be prescribed by the Secretary of the
Treasury; provided that five per cent, on
the amount of all drawbacks so allowed shall
be retained for the use of the United States
by the collectors paying such drawbacks re-
spectively.
The third section repeals the fifth section of
an act entitled " An act concerning the regis-
tering and recording of ships or vessels,''
approved December 31, 1792.
The fourth section provides that hereafter
boats or other vessels of the United States less
than twenty tons burden shall not be enrolled,
and no certificate of registry shall be required
of thetn ; and that such boats or vessels shall
be licensed, and in every other respect be liable
to the rules and regulations and penalties now
in force relating to registered and enrolled
vessels.
The fifth section extends the provisions of
the act entitled "An act authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to issue registers to ves-
sels in certain cases," approved December 23,
1852, to vessels built within the United States:
provided that the same were not transferred
during the rebellion to foreign owners.
Mr. ELIOT. I now move to recommit this
bill.
Mr. MORRELL. I desire the gentleman
to yield to me to offer an amendment.
Sir. ELIOT. I will hear it read.
Mr. MORRELL. I desire to move to amend
the second section by inserting after the word3
" United States," where they first occur, the
following:
And in order that American lumber, eordage, iron,
copper, chains, and anchors may be used in the con-
struction of American vessels, a bounty etjual to the
diawback allowed on such foreign articles shall be
allowed and paid, where American articles are act-
ually used in such construction.
Also to lurther amend the second section by
inserting the words " and bountv" after the
words "the amount of drawback."
Mr. ELIOT. I will permit the amendment
to be offered, but I do not commit myself to
its support.
Mr. SPALDING-. I desire to offer some
amendments to this bill.
Mr. BjLIOI . I will hear them read.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to move to
amend the first section by adding to it the fol-
lowing:
. Provided, That vessels of the United States touch-
ing at Canadian ports shall not thereby be subjected
to the tonnage tax.
Also, add to section five the words. " with o,
view to avoid the risk of sailing under the
American flag, and for that purpose only:"
so that the section will read :
^ Sec. 5. And be it. further enacted. That the Drovis-
i°ih ot tae act entitled 'An act authorizing the Sec-
retary oi the Treasury to issue registers to vessels m
certain cases ' approved December 23, 1852. are
p^env)e4 m? v,e®fels built within the United
btattj.. J tovtded. That the same were not transferred
