1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1179
face the bill is a private one; bat its passage,
especially at this time, should be a matter
of national pride, as it will be of national
interest.
Dr. Page was the first to develop and apply
the principles of inductive electricity in a prac-
tical working machine for the production of
effects of the greatest value in a medical and
scientific point of view. No one before him had
suggested its embodiment in a definite form, as
a remedy or for philosophical illustration.
The particulars of this scientific invention
would scarcely be interesting at the present
time, and are not necessary for the purposes
of this bill. A statement of the case will be
sufficient. It is, however, well to mention
here, in order that it may go upon the record,
that the invention of Dr. Page embraces three
elements never before brought into connec-
tion and practice. The first is the compound
magnet or bundle of wires, to augment the
intensity of the induced current of electricity by
the magnetization it undergoes. The second
consists of the separate coils of wire to produce
greater insulation between the primary coil of
coarse wire and the outer or induction coil of
fine wire, from which the spark is taken and
light exhibited. Thirdly, the several mechan-
ical contrivances; first, a rasp; second, the
mercury and spur wheel; third, an interruptor
or automatic vibrating break-piece to inter-
rupt the galvanic current and create the induced
current; all known as the induction coil. That
is all I propose to say on that point.
Many years ago, as early as 1838 to 1842,
Dr. Page exhibited this apparatus in colleges,
using it for igniting gunpowder, lighting vacuum
tubes, charging Leyden jars, and for medical
effects. In the year 1852 the emperor of the
French offered a prize of 50,000 francs to be
given after five years to the author of the most
important discovery and application relating to
electricity. Five years elapsed, and no one
was adjudged worthy of this great prize. The
time was extended; and in the year 1864 a
commission of thirteen scientific men, of whom
the celebrated Dumas was president, reported
that a man by the name of Ruhmkorff was
entitled to the prize, being the inventor of
what is now known as "the Ruhmkorff coil."
Now, Mr. Speaker, the Committee on Pat-
ents, after close investigation, find that the
Buhmkorff coil is substantially identical with,
and a copy of, Dr. Page's invention. Thus
to a foreigner, as I have said, by the high
authority of a foreign Power, is adjudged the
merit of this invention. The identity once
established, the importance of the invention
will be best understood when I state the_ im-
gortance which has been ascribed to it m
lurope. Dumas and the commission, in their
report, say, in speaking of Ruhmkorff and his
character:
"Mr. Ituhmkorff will over remain the type of his
class, a model for the numerous intelligent workmen
who Jill tlie higher order of workshops of Paris. To
thoso who, like him, know how to control their de-
sires and faithfully strive for perfection in work and
clearness in conceptions, who bend their attention to
one object and labor untiringly until ahighsupeiior-
ihy is gained and also for themselves the satisfac-
tions of a ripe age, the compensation for the services
and privations of youth will not bo lacking in a
country whole more than ever merit finds recom-
pense. "
I claim, Mr. Speaker, that this country will
be no less eager than France to reward so im-
portant a discovery. The report proceeds,
and I call the attention of the House to this
sentence:
" Since 1851 M. Buhmkorff has devoted himself to
the construction and perfection of his apparatus,
and he has ended by securing for it his own name,
by giving it a scientific value which no ono contests,
and by tendering it of so great power as to become a
means of numerous practical applications."
This act directs that if the Commissioner of
Patents finds what the committee' report to be
true, that Dr. Page is the real inventor, he is
worthy of a patent. Now, in his old age, feeble
and in bad health, let him, in declining years,
receive the national award which his discovery
deserves at our hands, and what has been
known as the Ruhmkorff coil become, as it
should, the "Page induction coil." While we
reward merit in this way and make his name
historic we at the same time vindicate our own
nationality in the paths of science.
I shall not occupy the time of the House
much further. Only this morning I am in
receipt of Count du Moncel's work of four
hundred pages, issued at Paris, devoted to the
Ruhmkorff coil, and describing it as one of the
most important discoveries ever made known
to the world—one which we find by the scien-
tific meu of England, such as Sturgeon and
Golding Bird, by the testimony of the best of
the savans in this country, and by the exam-
ination of Ruhmkorff's own description, to
belong to Dr. Page. I have stated the matter
fully, and I hope the gentleman from Illinois
will not insist on the time of the House being
consumed with the reading of the report.
The bill, sir, does not propose to take one
dollar from the Treasury or to infringe upou
the rights of a single man. We had before us
the testimony of the chief scientific men of
this country who construct this apparatus, and
they desire us to give this patent to Dr. Page,
who they say is justly entitled to it. Nor lias
Dr. Page slept upon his rights; he made
application before, but because of his being an
examiner in the Patent Office he was disquali-
fied under the act of 1836, and the application
rejected. The invention did not go into public
use "with his knowledge and consent."
Mr. UPSON. I have noticed by the reading
of the bill that it is made compulsory on the
Commissioner to issue this patent.
Mr. MYERS. No, sir.
Mr. UPSON. It says "shall issue this
patent."
Mr. MYERS. No, sir. If he finds Dr. Page
to be the first inventor, then lie is to'issue
the patent. He is to institute an investigation
into the facts, and if he finds them as the com-
mittee report them then he is to issue a patent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the reading of the report.
The report was read.
Mr. MYERS demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
64, noes 10; no quoium voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Mr. Myers and Mr. Washburxe, of
Illinois.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 80, noes 10.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be
put.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. MYERS. I believe this matter is fully
understood. It is a question of national inter-
est, and I hope there will not be one,vote
against it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. MYERS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved tbat
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
-- PATENT FOB CUTTING SCREWS, ETC.
Mr. BROMWELL, from the Committee on
Patents, reported a bill (H. R. No. 732) to ex-
tend certain patents for the benefit of the heirs
of the late Thomas W. Harvey; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill empowers the Commissioner of Pat-
ents to hear the application of the widow and
heirs of Thomas W. Harvey for the reexten-
sion of the patent heretofore granted to said
Harvey on 30th May, 184G, for improvement
in machinery for cutting screws, and reissued
28th December, 1858, and also the application
of the heirs of Thomas W. Harvey for the reex-
tension of the patent heretofore granted_ to
said Harvey on the 18th August, 1846, for im-
provement in machinery for dressing screw
heads, and reissued on the 4th January, 1859,
and. to grant an extension of said patents for a
period of seven years, respectively, from 30th
May, 1867, and 18th August, 1867, when said
patents by law expired.
It is then provided that said patents shall be
extended only for the benefit of the widow and
legal heirs of said Harvey, and that this exten-
sion shall not be valid for the use or benefit of
any corporation or person whomsoever claim-
ing any right or interest in said patents, or
either of them under or by virtue of any alleged
agreement, transfer, or assignment heretofore
executed by said heirs, or by any arbitration
or award heretofore made between said heirs
and any other person whomsoever; and that
the rights at law and equity of all persons law-
fully in possession of machines covered by said
patents shall be fully protected and exempted
in all cases from any operation of said patents
so re'extended; provided that said Commis-
sioner after full hearing, with due notice to all
persons desiring to contest said rcextensions,
shall be of opinion that said patents should be
so extended.
Mr. BROMWELL. Mr. Speaker, I will
-move the previous question, and if it is sec-
onded I will explain the bill very briefly.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Let the report be read.
Mr. BROMWELL. I will withdraw the
call for the previous question for the present.
The report was read.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask if this is not the same case
that was before the House a year ago ?
Mr. BROMWELL. It is the same.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. And was defeated
by the House at that time?
Mr. BROMWELL. It was lost, of course.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
hope the gentleman will not insist on the pre-
vious question.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I desire to ask whether
the committee have received any estimates of
the amount of money which this inventor or
his heirs and representatives have received
from the invention, and the amount of expend-
itures actually incurred on account of it, and
whether the money so received was expended
in perfecting the invention or whether it went
as property often goes?
Mr. BROMWELL. I will say, in answer to
thegentleman, thatthe committeetook evidence
in relation to the amount of compensation de-
rived by Mr. Harvey for this invention and
they found it very insignificant, compared with
the value of the invention, as the report showed
last year and as it shows this year. They found
further that the nature of this invention was
such that it must necessarily consume many
years, and did consume many years of time;
that it involved the outlay of a large private
fortune, and Mr. Harvey never received enough
money to make him even, letting .alone any
compensation for his invention. The commit-
tee have no doubt these are the facts. They
have no doubt further that the invention was
of such a meritorious character as to entitle the
inventor to the favor of the community and of
the Government, and to entitle his heirs to the
highest benefit which the usage of Congress
will permit in similar cases. He died several
years ago.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I would like to know
when he died.
Mr. BROMWELL. Ho has been ^ dead at
; least seven years, because an extension of
; seven years was obtained in the name of the
heirs.
Mr. BOUTWELL. If these heirs have had
the benefit of the invention for seven years
and have not derived a fortune from it it must
be their own fault.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I ask
the gentleman whether the patent has not been
extended once, so that the patentee has had
the benefit of it for twenty-one years already?
Mr. BROOMALL. Mr. Speaker, there are
no patents that I know of ever proposed to be
extended by Congress that have not been once
extended. The Commissioner of Patents exer-
