1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3227
during the rebellion to foreign owners with a view
to avoid the risk of sailing under tlie American flag,
and for that purpose only.
Mr. ELIOT. I will allow those amend-
ments to be offered.
Mr. LYNCH. Will the gentleman allow me
to offer an amendment to the first section ?
Mr. ELIOT. I will hear it.
Mr. LYNCH. J desire to move to amend
the last clause of that section by inserting
the words "of foreign nations" before the
words " arriving from foreign ports."
Mr. ELIOT. I will allow the amendment
to be offered; and now I renew the motion to
recommit.
Mr. Speaker, I am glad to have an oppor-
tunity to bring before the House a bill which
I regard of such national importance to the
shipping interests of the United States as the
one which is now under consideration. It is
called "A bill to promote American com-
merce." That title, however, does not indi-
cate fully the importance of this bill. It is,
in fact, a bill which is calculated, so far as
legislation may do it, to enable the United
States, as a marine power, to assume the
position among the nations of the earth held
prior to the year 1861. This Government of
ours, the knowledge of which has been mainly
cairied to every port and to every clime by the
stars and stripes, has now reached a point when
it becomes necessary that Congress, by appro-
priate and wise legislation, shall so enact that,
in the language of the sea, we may be enabled
to "heave out" our flag again, that we may
show to our foreign rivals that we still live; or
else we shall be obliged to "lower our flag"
to the British lion; or else—and I say it to
gentlemen on this floor, for I believe it will
come to that—we shall have to " hang out the
white flag" in the presence of the commercial
navies of the world.
Mr. Speaker, it was to avoid either of these
last alternatives that I have been permitted by
the Committee on Commerce to report the bill
now before the House, and I cannot but express
my gratification at being able to do. This is,
I believe, the only bill which has emanated
from that committee during the last four or
five years that has had in view the general com-
mercial and shipping interests of the United
States. During the pendency of the war it
was not surprising the committee should not
report in that direction, because we know in
the midst of arms commerce, as well as law,
must be silent. But since the rebellion has
closed times have gone on worse and worse
for the great shipping interests of the country,
so that now, unless we in some way legislate
for the protection not of one section, but of
that national interest, there is imminent dan-
ger it will entirely die out. Sir, with the con-
victions I have of the importance of this legis-
lation, I should be false to the duty which has
been confided to me as one of the guardians
of the commerce of this country if I had failed
to bring to the House at as early day as I could
some measure similar to the one before us.
And I do hope I may have the attention not
only of my colleagues on the committee, but
of the members of the House, so far as to
enable me, if I can, to satisfy them this legis-
lation is necessary. If I cannot do that I shall
defer with regret, as well as I may, to the judg-
ment of the House. I want to do this briefly
and plainly, explicitly and clearly as I can. I
desire to show that the condition of our com-
mercial tonnage demonstrates thatthe combined
effects of war, heavy taxes, a deranged currency,
and oppressive legistation have been so disas-
trous thatthe existence—I do not say the pros-
perity—the existence of our foreign commerce
m American vessels is in imminent danger of
destruction. If I can do that, then I am quite
sure—if I can satisfy the House that this meas-
ure is right—I shall have their countenance,
because 1 know that being true, we shall all
of us admit some legislation is required.
Then I would like to say, briefly as I can,
how far this law would afford relief. I wish
to say right here and in advance to argument
opposed to this bill, that the passage of the
bill, so far as the main section is concerned,
the second section will not operate to the pre-
judice of the revenue of the country. It calls
for the remission of duty on certain articles
imported and used in the construction of ves-
sels. If the shipping interests of the country
were as they were when ships were being built
at all our ship-yards, the argument would be
strong that to remit duties on materials im-
ported from foreign countries, which enter into
the construction of vessels, would materially
affect the revenue interests of the Government.
But what if no vessels are built;-what if no
ships are constructed; what if your shipping
interests were killed off; what if your ship
yards are dismantled ; what if the capital em-
ployed in building vessels is diverted from i ?
if no ships are built no revenues will be derived.
I propose to show that is the condition of
affairs rapidly coming in this country. While
no revenue will be lost it will on the other
hand enable the shipping interest to contend
with the other difficulties, which still lie before
them. Before specie payment is resumed,
unless this bill or some measure similar to it
shall be passed, it will be too late to revive the
shipping interests ; we will have to recreate aud
reconstruct them.
Mr. Speaker, you do not want me to say that
a maritime nation that is not willing to be a
third or fourth class Power must build its own
vessels and control its own carrying trade.
This country of ours rests its claim to inter-
national respect upou three foundations : agri-
culture, commerce, and manufactures. I say
that each of those interests ought to contribute
its own strength to the common glory of the
country. There are countries that are purely
agricultural; there are others that are almost
solely agricultural. Their products are sent
to the markets of the world, but not in their
own vessels or by their own means of trans-
portation. In other countries the busy brain
and the working hand are constantly employed
at low wages manufacturing commodities for
other people. But neither the agricultural
nor the manufacturing people can take the
highest rank among nations, nor can a com-
mercial nation be a first-class Power unless it
builds its own vessels and controls, to a great
extent, its own carrying trade. That, sir, is
the law of commercial life. It is not the law
of the United States only, nor the law of Eng-
land alone, nor of France alone. It is not
the law of to-day only, nor was it the law alone
when Phoenicia or Venice controlled the seas;
but it is to-day, and ever has been, the great
law of national commercial life. It is like
that law of justice which Cicero so well de-
scribes: "Nee erit alia lex Horace, alia Athe-
nis, alia nunc, alia post hac; sed, et omnes
gentes et omni tempore, una lex, et sempiterna
et immortalis continebit."
Mr. Speaker, the men who legislated in these
Halls in the early days of our Kepublic recog-
nized the force of this law and walked in the
light of it. Among the very earliest of your
acts will be found one that recognized sub-
stantially the principle of the first section of
this bill. And then afterward our navigation
laws were passed, under which our commerce,
from small beginnings, by rapid strides, ad-
vanced until it reached the highest point in
1861.
No man of us, Mr. Speaker, who has visited
foreign lands, has failed, I am sure, to feel
pride because of the commercial rank his
country has held. For it is maritime supe-
riority that gives rank among the nations of the
earth. Neither an agricultural nor manu-
facturing nation, but the nation which con-
trols the seas, is recognized as first among the
nations. That has been so in all times—from
the time, some fifteen centuries before the
Christian era, when Danaus carried his ship
from Egypt into Greece, down to this day.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I desire briefly to show
what the condition of affairs is now in this
country. Some weeks ago the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Pike,] in the course of an able
and carefully prepared argument on this sub-
ject, referred to certain statistical tables which
he had collected tending to the same point to
which I want to call your attention. The
facts that I have to state are different from
those given by him ; that is to say, gathered
from different sources, but in aid of the argu-
ment there presented.
The total tonnage of the United States at
the "end of the fiscal year 1861, which was the
year in which we reached our highest point,
was 5,539,813 tons. This includes tonnage of
all kinds, coastwise and inland, sail and steam
registered tonnage. On the 30th of June,
1867, the amount of tonnage was reduced to
3,868,615 tons. That is to say, the whole ton-
nage in the course of these six years decreased
1,671,198, or nearly one third.
But, Mr. Speaker, foreign tonnage suffered
more during that period than coastwise and
inland tonnage. In 1861 we had 2,540,020,
and in 1867 we had 1,178,715 tons. That is
to say, we lost 1,361.305, or more than one
half of the whole tonnage between 1861 and
1867. If we had the returns of 1868 they would
show a still greater reduction.
But this is not all. In 1864,1 think, a bill was
reported from the Committee on Commerce
for the readmeasurement of the tonnage of
the country in order to enable us to know what
the actual tonnage was ; for the old laws did
not in any way determine that. The effect of
the law of 1864 was to diminish the apparent
tonnage by between ten and fifteen per cent.
Now, if an allowance be made of ten per cent.,
which is less than it ought to be, and that is
deducted from the tonnage of 1867, it will
appear that the loss of foreign tonnage between
1861 and 1867 is, in fact, fifty-eight per cent.
This is the actual loss. It will terminate, if
we go on decreasing in this way, after a few
years in an absolute and total loss.
I have here another statement tending to
show that same fact.
In the Merchants' Magazine I read recently
an argument for our foreign commerce, from
which I give the following extract:
" We have prepared the following table for the
purpose of indicating the changes which have taken
place m the registered sail tonnage ot the country
ior the eight years from IT HO to 1797, and irom 170 <,
by decades, to 1867:
Reg'dsnil Bate pern ent. of
Year. Tonnage. Change. change.
1789.... 123,893
1797  597,777 increase in 8 years... 4/3,884 or 384i
1807.... 848,307 increase in 10 years... 25U.530 or 42
1817  800,725 decrease in 10 years... 47,582 or 5?
1827   747,170 decrease in 10 years... 53,55j or Gi
1837  809,313 increase in 10 years... 62,17.; or
1847 1,235,682 increase in 10 years... 426.339 or 521
1857 2,377,091 increase in 10 years.,.1,141.412 or 92J-
1867 1,178,715 decrease in 10 years...1,198,379 or 50
" This table shows an average gain of eighty-onepor
cent, for the periods given, including the remarkable
growth which took place between 1789 and 1797, when,
in consequence of the wars then prevailing among
the maritime Powers of Europe, our foreign tonnage
increased three hundred eighty-four and a halt per
cent., and including also the decades between 1807
and 1827, when there was a decrease of five and a
half and six and a half per cent, respectively. As the
period from 1789 to 1797 may be considered excep-
tional, let us refer to the growth of our foreign t.m-
nago during the tbreedecades between 1827 and 1Sj7;
tho first ot these shows an increase of onlv eight and
a third per cent., and yet tho average ot tho three is
fifty-one percent. In looking forward in 1857 thioufjh
the coming ten years, it would not have been thought
extravagant to anticipate an increase equal to the
average of tho previous thirty years. What would
any of us have then said had it been predicted
that in 1867 our foreign commerce would show for tne
last ten years not a gain of fifty-one per cent., but. a
loss of titty per cent'.' Lotus see how much thisuii-
ferenceieally is between what in 1857 ^ould not have
been an unreasonable anticipation and the actual
truth:
In 1857 our foreign tonnage was  2,377,094
Add iitty-one per cent, for the average
growth per decade from 1827 to 1857  olo
li Our tonnage might have been expected to
l! reach in 1867 ;  fw-ir
Our actual tonnage in 1867 was l.lio.uo
|j Showing a difference of.   2.410,097
ii or sixty-seven per cent., and leaving our tonnage in
'j 1S67 just one third of what m 18o/
. been justified, by past experience, in estimating th.it
I, it would bo. In these last calculations wo ilalie no
; i allowance whatever lorthenewsystem of admca.ure
ii meat.
