4282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July W3
&te without.amendment-, ordered to a third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. CONKLING, the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, July 20, 1808.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. Dr. De Haas, of Washington.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
credentials of new members.
Mr. DAWES presented the credentials of
C. 0. Bowen, member-elect from the eighth
congressional district of~South Carolina, and
of Israel Gr. Lash, member-elect from the fifth
district of North Carolina; which were re-
ferred to the Committee of Elections.
order of business.
_ The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order during the morning hour
is the call of States and Territories for bills
and joint resolutions for reference to their ap-
propriate committees, not to be brought back
into the House by a motion to reconsider.
During this call joint resolutions and memo-
rials of State and territorial Legislatures are in
order.
ventilation of house iiali,.
Mr. TABER introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 3-10) for heating and ventilating
the Hall of the House of Representatives;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to a select committee of five.
Mr. TABER. The following letter will
explain the object of the joint resolution:
washington, .1). c., jidy 20,1808.
sir: I have had occasion during several weeks of
the present summer to sit in thcgallcries of thellouse
and watch its proceedings, and I take the liberty to
say that the heatod and impure air which tho Rep-
resentatives of the nation are oompelled to breathe
during many hours each day whilo in tho perform-
ance of their duties is a disgrace to the country, and
as it comes directly within my professional knowl-
edge and experience to know how, instead of having
tl o Hall filled with foul air at a temperature of nine ty-
fivedegrees, to fill it with pureairat anydesired tcm-
ferature, say seventy degrees, in the hottest weather,
feel that the disgrace of the present arrangement
will attach somowhat to me if I do not present a
proposition to effect the change.
A brief description of my plan is as follows:
I would, first, multiply by forty times the present
quantity ot fresh :iir which is tlnown into the Hall
in a given time. No method of ventilating can suc-
ceed without this provision for quantity.
Second, X would provide for a free egress through
the glass coiling and roof without disturbing the or-
namental and appropriate appearanco of the former.
Third, I would place mechanical coolers m the
main Hue to be used in summer, which should be
upon essentially the same principle as the machines
now in successful operation manufacturing ice in
hot climates from warm water.
Fourth, I would enlarge tho heating capacity for
winter, so that the greatly increased auantiy of air I
propose to deliver into the Hall may still be made
warm enough in extreme cold weather.
These changes, well and thorough ly executed, would
render the otherwise magnificent Hall tho most de-
lightful and healthful resort members could lind in
hot weather.
Iain prepared to enter into contract with the proper
authorities and give satisfactory sureties for its faith-
ful execution to accomplish the foregoing work.
I am, very respectfully,
alb an c. siimers.
Hon. stephen taber, m. c„
Halt of Representatives, United Slates Capitol.
williaji wagner.
Mr. CAKE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1446) for the relief of William Wagner; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
jacob s. fuiirman.
Mr. CAKE also introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 347) to pay the claim of Captain
Jacob S. Fuhrman ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
court of claims nortii carolina.
Mr. JONES, of North Carolina, introduced
a joint resolution (H. R. No. 348) to extend
the provisions of the act of July 4, 1864, limit-
ing the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims to
the loyal citizens of the State of North Caro-
lina ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
mary randall varian.
Mr. SPALDING introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1441) granting a pension to Mary Randall
Varian ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
post route in iowa.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1442) to establish a post route from
Springfield, Iowa, to Victor, Iowa ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on tho Post Office and Post
Roads.
printing land office circulars in german.
Mr. HOPKINS introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 349) authorizing the Congressional
Printer to print land office circulars in the Ger-
man language for distribution in Europe;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Printing.
relief of curtain volunteers.
Mr. COBB introduced a joint resolution (II.
R. No. 350) for tho relief of certain honor-
ably discharged soldiers of the volunteer forces
of the United States Army, which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
ltOGUE river indian war.
Mr. MALLORY introduced a joint resolu-
tion (II. R. No. 851) extending the act of
July 17, 1854, providing for the payment of the
expenses of the Rogue river Indian war to
two companies of Oregon volunteers; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
montana war claims.
Mr. CAVANAUGH introduced^ bill (H.
R. No. 1443) authorizing the appointment of
three commissioners to examine the claims of
the Territory of Montana for volunteers during
the late Indian war, and to report upon the
same; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of Claims, and or-
dered to be printed.
ordnance for soldiers' monuments.
Mr. HILL introduced a joint resolution (H.
R. No. 352) for furnishing certain ordnance
for soldiers' monuments in New Jersey; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The next business in
order during the morning hour is the call of
States and Territories, in their inverse order,
for resolutions, commencing with the State of
Wisconsin, where the call rested at the ex-
piration of the morning hour on Monday last.
land-grant railroads, wisconsin,
Mr. HOPKINS introduced a joint resolu-
tion (II. R. No. 353) in regard to certain lands
granted to the State of Wisconsin to aid in
the construction of railroads in said State by
an act approved May 5, 18G4; which was read
a first and second time.
The question being on ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed for a third reading,
Mr. HOPKINS called for the previous ques-
tion.
Tho joint resolution was read. It provides
that the Secretary of the Interior shall cause
to be certified and conveyed to the West Wis-
consin Railway Company, (a corporation es-
tablished by the laws of Wisconsin, and which,
by the laws of that State, is entitled to the
land grant made in the second section of the
act mentioned in the title of this act,) from time
to time, as the railway of the company pro-
gresses, out of any public lands now belonging
to the United States not sold, reserved, or
otherwise dispogfed of, or to which a preemp-
tion claim or right of homestead settlement
has not attached, and on which a bona fide
settlement and improvement has not been made
under color of title derived from the United
States, or from the State of Wisconsin, within
the limit specified and prescribed by the act to
which this act is an amendment, an amount of
lands per mile equal to that mentioned in the
said act as intended to aid in the construction
of a railroad from the town of Tomah, in the
county of Monroe, Wisconsin, to the St. Croix
river or lake, between townships twenty-five
and thirty-one.
The second section provides that in case it
shall be found that of the lands so directed to
be certified and conveyed a sufficient quantity
is not contained within the limit mentioned in
the preceding section of this act, then the
Secretary of the Interior shall cause to be cer-
tified and conveyed to said company an amount,
sufficient to make up such deficiency from the
odd numbered sections of lands belonging to
the United States not reserved or otherwise
disposed of, or to which a preemption claim or
homestead right has not attached, _ and on
which a bona fide settlement and improve-
ment has not been made under color of title
from the United States, or the State of Wis-
consin, along the line and routeofthe railroad
of the St. Croix and Lake Superior Rail-
road Company. But the laads so certified and
conveyed are not to be more than twenty miles
from tho line of the railroad, as the same shall
be fixed, established, and plat filed with land
departmen t.
The third section provides that the time
fixed and limited for the completion of the
railroad from Tomah, in the county of Monroe,
to St. Croix river or lake, between town-
ships twenty-five and thirty-one, in the act of
May 5, 1804, shall be further extended for a
period of three years. But if the railroad
company shall not have completed and in oper-
ation the railroad from Tomah to Black rivor
falls on or before one year from the passage
of this act the act is to be null and void.
Mr. MAYNARD. This bill ought to go to
a committee.
The SPEA KER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Hopkins] demands the previous
question.
Mr. HOPKINS. The same bill has been
before the Committee on the Public Lands, and
has been agreed upon in exactly this form.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, if the pre-
vious question should not be seconded, will it
not be in order to move the reference of this
joint resolution to the Committee on the Public
Lands?
The SPEAKER. It will be.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question, there were—ayes 30, noes 40.
The SPEAKER, under the rules, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Hopkins and Mr.
Hot,man.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes twenty-three, noes not counted.
So tho previous question was not seconded.
Mr. HOLMAN. I-move that the joint res-
olution be referred to the Committee on tho
Public Lands; and on that motion demand the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered: and under the opera-
tion thereof the motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was referred ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to,
leave of absence.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania, ob-
tained indefinite leave of absence on account
ol the sickness of his daughter.
persons under military sentence.
Mr. ELDRIDGK I submit the following
resolution, on which I demand the previous
question :
_ Jtesolved, That the Secretary of War he directedto
mioim tins House ol the names of all persons now
unup.r sentence by military commissions, courts, or
ail,y other military authority at Dry Tsrtugas, to-
gettierwith the nature of the crimes charged and the
torm ot sentence and the unexpired time now re<-
mammg, Also the same information with reference
