2204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
this State is to be admitted. The gentlemen
on the other side speak of these conditions as
something unheard of in the organization of
States in this Republic. Sir, we have admit-
ted twenty-four new States since the Federal
Constitution was adopted. Of these twenty-
four States pine were admitted with funda-
mental conditions in the acts of admission in
perfect harmony with the conditions of this
W4 so far as the principles involved are con-
cerned, exceptingonly that clause which author-
izes Congress by law to annul conflicting State
legislation, which clause does not meet my
approval.
Arkansas was admitted in 188G upon the ex-
press condition that the people of that State
should never interfere with the primary dispo-
sal of the public lauds within the State, nor levy
a tax on any of the lands of the United States
in that State. California was admitted in 1850
upon the same conditions; and also upon the
further condi tions that non-resident proprietors
being citizens should never be taxed higher
than residents; and that all her navigable waters
should be common highways. Florida and Iowa
were admitted on conditions similar to those
prescribed for Arkansas. Conditions were also
fdescribed in the cases of Louisiana, Michigan,
ndiaua, Missouri, and, I believe, Nebraska.
I will not detain the House to explain the
provisions of the several acts imposing condi-
tions upon the admission of the States named.
I will read only the one applicable to the
State of Missouri. The act admitting theState
of Missouri into the Union provides as follows:
" Missouri shall bo admitted into the Union on an
equal footing with the original States in all rcspects
whatever, upon the fundamental condition that tho
fourth clause of the twenty-sixth section of tho third
article of the Constitution, submitted on tho part of
said State to Congress, shall never be construed to
authoriao thepassago ot any law,and no law shallbo
passed in conformity thereto by which anycitizonof
either of tho States in this Union shall be excluded
from the enjoyment of any of the privileges and im-
munities to which such citizen is entitled under the
Constitution of tho United States."
If that provision did not ingraft a new feature
npon the constitution of the State of Missouri,
it did give a construction to that constitution
which virtually amounted to the same thing.
While I am opposed to that clause of this
bill which expressly authorizes Congress to
annul conflicting State laws ; while 1 am op-
posed to the third section as unnecessary and
inexpedient, and shall vote for the motion of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bixgiiam] to
omit the third section, yet, sir, in accord-
ance with nine precedents in similar cases,
I insist that we have the well-established
right to adopt this section of the act with the
single exception of that provision which spe-
cially authorizes Congress to annul conflicting
acts of the Legislature of Alabama. There-
fore, sir, I shall vote, in the first place, for the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] to strike out the third section from
this bill. If that motion shall fail I shall ask
for an opportunity to move to strike out the
provision which in terms authorizes Congress
to annul the acts of the State.
1 am free, sir, to say that while I support
this bill and shall vote for it and hope it will
pass, nevertheless if the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spalmn-g] shall be
adopted in its stead, I shall find no occasion
for much regret. Next to this bill, I prefer
that to any measure that has been presented
to' this House or to which my attention has
been called. While I hope that the bill pre-
sented by the committee may be enacted into
a law, while I hope the Representatives of that
State will bo admitted on this floor under this
constitution, yet if this House shall otherwise
decide and conclude to adopt the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio or anything equiv-
alent to it, I shall see no great reason to find
fault with that decision.
night session.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
House take a recess to-day from half past four
o'clock to seven o'clock p. m.
The motion was disagreed to.
report on pakis exposition.
Mr. CAKE, by unanimous consent, reported
from the Committee on Printing the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That there he printed of tho report of
Abraham S. Hewitt, commissioner to tho Paris Ex-
position, eight thousand extra copies, six thousand
for the use of the House and two thousand for the
use of the State Department.
Mr. CAKE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
numbering of bills, etc.
Mr. CAKE also, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Printing the
following resolution ; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the numbers of all bills and joint
resolutions, with their titles, shall be inserted in tho
Globe.
Mr. CAKE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave or absence.
Mr. MILLER asked and obtained leave of
absence for four days after Monday next.
kioiits of american citizens.
Mr. JUDD. I desire to enter a motion to
reconsider the vote by which the resolutions
which I introduced this morning in relation to
the rights of citizens of the United States were
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The motion was entered.
admission of alabama again.
Mr. ELDRID6E. Mr. Speaker, I have
been taught to believe that our system of gov-
ernment, State and national, embodied the
perfection of all the models. I have supposed
it so formed that it was safe from the assaults
of radical innovation and not subject to change
or alteration from within, except in the man-
ner provided in the Constitution. With such
opinions I cannot view tho constant assaults
upon its several departments, supposed to have
been its chief perfection, but with sadness and
alarm. These departments, intended to work
in harmony, operating only as proper cheeks
and balances upon each other, cannot long
continue in open and hostile antagonism with-
out fatal consequences. And yet what do we
behold? The executive power is assailed,
trenched^ upon, hedged about and circum-
scribed till its influence is scarcely perceptible,
and its chief officer finally is sought to be
deposed and removed because he will not alto-
gether abdicate and surrender the office and
power to a partisan Congress. The judiciary,
too, that last refuge of patriotic hope," that sup-
posed conservator of popular liberty when all
others should fail, is in menace. It isnotonly
menaced,'but its prerogatives, powers, and
jurisdiction are assailed with a frenzied zeal
and partisan hate that admit of no room for
doubt of the result. It is no longer to be the
independent, peaceful, pure, and impartial
arbiter of our disputes and controversies ; but
the fiat has gone forth from a partisan Legisla-
ture that the judges of the highest court of the
land must soil the ermine in doing its bidding
or surrender the judicial power. The gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Sciiexck] boastingly
proclaimed on this floor only the other day
that the purpose was "to clip its power" in
every possible way. And thus it is that one
by one the very bulwarks of liberty are being
thrown down and all the safeguards of the peo-
ple's rights destroyed. These measures, I
repeat, fill me with apprehension and alarm.
With the President deposed, the prerogatives
and jurisdiction of the Supreme Court taken
away, a partisan Congress will riot in power
unrestrained. With the sword and the purse
at its command who so fool-hardy as to believe
our liberties safe? Look at tho War Depart-
ment barricaded and picketed with armed sol-
diers in time of profound peace and in the
capital of the Republic!
And, sir, I cannot forget the most significant
fact, that only a few days ago an attempt wa?
made, probably at the suggestion of the usurp-
ing Secretary of War, to smuggle through the
House in an appropriation bill a provision for
the removal of the present Capitol police and
authorizing the Secretary of War to detail
non-commissioned officers and soldiers to take
charge of tho Capitol building and grounds.
Had this not been discovered and the provision
had become law we should be sitting to-day and
legislating under the gleam of the sword and
the Supreme Court rendering its decisions^ at
the point of the bayonet. Yerily, coming
events are casting their shadows before. Are
these things to familiarize our eyes to what is
in waiting'for us? Are they the advance pickets
of the army with which Congress, if permitted
to pursue unrestrained its purpose, will control
the destinies of the people, and by which it will
enforce its edicts; by which it will make and
unmake States ; make and unmake Presidents;
make and unmake the courts and force them
all to do its bidding? Is this the power, the
policy, that is to control us?
Mr. Speaker, I desire to enter my protest
against this bill and to relieve myself of all
responsibility for its passage. Never, in my
judgment, was there a more inexcusable or un-
justifiable measure. It has no warrant in the
Federal Constitution and no justification or
precedent in the practice of this Government,
unless, indeed, it be in the kindred measures
of so-called reconstruction. It is in clear and
unmistakable violation of all the underlying
fundamental principles of the Republic.
/ Sir, if there be one idea upon which this Gov-
ernment was formed more essential and fund-
amental than any other, that idea is that the
people of the United States are sovereign and
entitled by nature to the right of self-govern-
ment. This principle underlies all our insti-
tutions, and is coextensive with the utmost
boundaries of the United States and its author-
ity^ The source of all power is the people, and
their only grant or authority to the Federal
Government is the Constitution. If the power
is not there found it does not exist. Under
the Constitution there are, and there can be,
no conquered, tributary, or subject States.
Equality of citizenship and the right of self-
government have never been granted or stir-
rendered by the people or States of the Repub-
lic. To do this would be voluntary-submission
to the chains and manacles of slavery. The
rightiof self-government constitutes the liberty
and freedom of the citizen. Without the en-
joyment of this right, no man can be styled free :
no man can enjoy the liberty intended to be
secured by the Federal Constitution. It is the
clearest, the most essential right of American
citizenship. It cannot be taken away without
totally subverting the Constitution and destroy-
ing pur system of Government altogether.
Su''"P°!l what provision of the Constitution
can this -bill rest; to what do its friends appeal
tor their justification in its support? I do not
make this inquiry with reference to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevexs.] He is
consistent and logical; he has never stultified
himself by any pretended constitutional sanc-
tion. He proclaims all the reconstruction meas-
ures of Congress outside:! the Constitution.
iJut to those who admit the obligation and
duty of obedience to the fundamental law of
the land, I ask them in all sincerity and hon-
esty under which of its provisions or by what
rig it do they justify their action upon this bill?
Article four, section three, provides that—
%w- States maybe admitted by the C< ><rr.>- •
bc-fJrmVa-'w
8^.1b6 by the juncHmfS
the Congress.'3
i. as wyil as vf
more States or parts of States witioutVfi'1 yf  
the Legislatures of the
ama is certainly
o Jte formed by the mi,
ot two br more States or parts of States ; it is
The State of Alabama is certainU- „
State; it is not a State formed bv the ?
At hvn hv Q.in* ^ J-UJlMun
