1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
not a new State formed within the jurisdiction
.of another State. And, if it were a new State
so formed and erected, there is no consent of
ihe Legislature of the State concerned. There
is then no authority for this bill in this section,
•and it is the only provision of the Constitution
..relating to the admission of States into the
'Union.
But if it be said that the purpose of this bill
and the measures of Congress preceding it are
only to reorganize government in the State of
Alabama and not to admit the State as a new
State, the inquiry is still pertinent where does
Congress get the authority? I have looked in
vain to find any authority for this even. I can
find no authority in the Constitution for any in-
terference by Congress in the organization or re-
organization of a government by the peopleof
an existing State of the Union. The right to
form and reform, to organize and reorganize
governments is under our system a right ori-
ginal and inherent in the people. It is only the
exercise of the right of self-government—the
original right upon which all our State and
national governments are founded. The right
to form and establish Governments does not
come from Congress; it is not a constitutional
grant. It is one of the rights never delegated,
never parted with by the people. It was de-
rived from a source higher than Congresses or
Parliaments. It is the right, the power to
make and unmake both. All the "just powers
of Government ace by the consent of the gov-
erned."
If the right of the people to govern them-
selves be usurped or surrendered to that ex-
tent the people are enslaved. They cannot
part with it or allow it to be taken from them
and be free. The people must either govern
themselves or be governed by others. They
must make their own constitutions and laws
or submit to constitutions and laws made for
them. The right given up, conceded toothers,
to make the laws, the kind and quality of the
laws depend upon the will of the makers, and
the people are at their mercy. They are no
longer free.
Sir, these views are too elementary to admit
of argument. The principles stated lie at the
very foundation of the Republic. They were
most clearly enunciated in the Declaration of
Independence, and are imbedded in all our
State and Federal Constitutions. They are the
foundation ideas of all free government. They
are the principles upon which alone our system
of government can be maintained. They are
the only principles upon which any free gov-
ernment can be maintained.
Now, what does this bill propose? I will not
here stop to argue the question of whether
Alabama is a State, whether it is out of the
Union. That it is a State and a State in the
Union I have several times shown in this
-House, to my own satisfaction at least, and
by arguments and facts that cannot be refuted,
denied, or answered. It is an existing State
in the Union, or the history of the last five
years is a lie. It is a State in the Union, or
the war for the preservation of the Union aird
the vast expenditure of life and treasure in its
name and on its behalf is a monstrous crime.
It is an existing State, or all the professions
and promises of the party controlling the
Government during these long and bloody-
years, by which so many brave men were in-
duced to offer their lives a sacrifice on the
battle-field, and so many homes and hearts
made desolate, were stupendous frauds and
cheats. It is, and has been, a State saved and
preserved to the Union by the gigantic strug-
gle through which we have passed, 01 the party
now in power has been all thetime, from the be-
ginning of the war till this day, in bold, wicked,
criminal conspiracy with the rebels and seces-
sionists, aiding them in accomplishing, and now
finally consummating, what they could not alone
accomplish, the division and final dismember-
ment of this Union. Alabama is not out of t.he
Union, is not destroyed as a State, or every
wan who fought, aided, encouraged, or counte-
nanced the war, with any consciousness of what
was to be the result, whether in the North or
the South, whether on the one side or the other,
is a conscious traitor to this Union of States,
and an enemy of the Republic of States.
But, I repeat, the State of Alabama is not
destroyed. It still exists in the Union. This
last bill admits that it is a State in the Union.
The first bill provided for the admission of the
State and for its representation; this last only
for its admission to representation.
And now, if it is to be turned out or ex-
cluded from the Union, or dealt wi'h in any
other manner than as a State in the Union, it
will be the work of this Congress alone. All
the other enemies of this once proud and noble
State ; all those who would have taken her from
the Union by war or force ; all those who would
have incorporated her in another confederacy
of States, surrendered and abandoned the
conspiracy for her dismemberment. It is Con-
gress alone that would now exclude her from
or degrade her in the Union. It is Congress
that has made and would humiliate her to
accept this constitution. And this isto be done
by this bill. By this bill and the previous acts
of Congress her nine hundred and sixty-four
thousand two hundred and one population
are to be made slaves, are to have forced upon
them a government in which they have in real-
ity, as a people, had no part in creating: a
government ohnoxious to all their tastes, hate-
ful and odious to them. The constitution made
by themselves, and under which the State came
into the Union, and which the rebellion in vain
strove to overthrow and destroy, is to be taken
from them by this Congress, by this bill, and a
constitution in which the vast majority feel no
interest, and by which their dearest rights are
taken away, is to be forced upon them.
The educated, the intelligent, the cultivated,
the refined, the experienced are to be excluded
from all part or share in the government of
the State, and all their interests and rights of
life, liberty, and property are to be given into
the hands and keeping of an ignorant, debased,
uneducated, uncivilized, servile minority. And
all this is to be done, not in violation of the
Federal Constitution only, but in most flagrant
violation and disregard of the very act of Con-
gress under which and by virtue of which this
bill is justified.
And, according to the preamble of this bill,
this monstrous measure is denominated, is to
be taken and considered, the voluntary act of
the people of Alabama! Seventy thousand,
all except one thousand of which are negroes,
are all who are claimed or pretended to have
approved or to be in favor of the constitution
which" is thus sought to be forced upon this
people. And these seventy thousand—sixty-
nine thousand blacks and about one thousand
blacker whites—are denominated, are to be, the
governing people of Alabama! And this, too,
when there stands on the registers made by the
friends of the measure, under the direction
and authority of Congress, dictated and man-
aged by the sword, one hundred thousand more
competent and legal voters, mostly white men,
who contemn, loathe, and execrate such con-
stitution and government. Add to this thirty
thousand or more disfranchised by the despotic
enactments of Congress and the tyrant agents
appointed to administer them, and tell me, are
not the preamble and all pretenses that this
constitution is framed or adopted by the people
of Alabama a be?
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens,] chairman of the committee, and who
reported the original bill, stated, when he
moved to recommit, that there were twenty-odd
thousand majority against the constitution. He
said :
"After a full examination of the final returns from
Alabama, which we liad not got when this hill was
drawn. I am satisfied, for one, that to force a vote on
this bill and admit the State against cur own law.
where there is a majority of twentj-odd thousand
against the constitution, would not be doing suea
justice in legislation as will be expected by the peo-
ple. With that view of the ease I shall vote for the
motion to recommit, and on that motion I demand
the previous question.
" The bill was recommitted."
That this constitution is not the choice of the
people, that it would be an act of injustice to
pass the bill, is declared. There is no real
difference between that bill and this. In prin-
ciple and effect they are the same. They are
in violation of the will of the majority. They
are in violation of that great right of the people
to make their own fundamental law; they
would place the majority under the control of
the minority. I agree with what the gentle-
man said, that to pass this bill against our own
law, where there is a majority of twenty-odd
thousand against the constitution, would not
be doing such justice in legislation as will be
expected by the people.
And yet this monstrous wrong, this outrage
upon all the essential principles of the Repub-
lic, is to be forced, at the point of the bayonet,
upon a free people by the men who prate long-
est and loudest of freedom, liberty, and popu-
lar rights. In this day of progress, of advancing
civilization; in the nineteenth century; in this
"land of the free and home of the brave;" in
this Republic, composed of sovereign, coequal
States, united by and under a Constitution, the
matchless work of Washington, Madison, and
their noble compeers, one of those States upon
which the Inderal Union rests, of which it is
formed, is to be dismantled, robbed of the con-
stitution made by its people, and to have forced
upon it and its million of inhabitants a consti-
tution of government dictated to itby Congress
and approved by only seventy thousand unedu-
cated negroes—ignorant, squalid, degraded ne-
groes! Do the annals of the world present an
instance of such stupendous folly, absurdity,
and wickedness ? It can be justified by no man
not filled with infernal hatred of our form of
government and desirous of its overthrow. It
must, it can only, end in blood. No man in his
senses can expect anything else. The white
man, the white race in the history of the world
has never been the servant of the black. The
madness or folly of Congress can never compel
him to submit to African domination or gov-
ernment.
Sir, the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevexs] tells the country, by way, I suppose,
of reconciling the people to this horrid work,
that" we are notnow merely expounding a Gov-
ernment; we are building one; we are making
a nation." And the committee, reporting this
bill in similar language, tell us that we are
"building a mighty nation." They say, "But
while this free people are rebuilding a mighty
nation, in which there must be no taint of des-
potism or injustice, they have examined care-
fully all the provisions of the Constitution, and
as a precedent which they hope will never be
departed from, but which becomes necessary
by the injustice of the sister States, they have
determined that 110 State shall ever be ad-
mitted into the Union where the right to uni-
versal suffrage shall not be made permanent
and impossible of violation." They have
determined—the committee have determined—
that no State shall ever be admitted into " this
mighty nation" where the right of universal
sulfrage shall not be made permanent. What
is to be done with Now York, Pennsylvania,
Maryland, Kentucky, and the other States
which have not yet made universal suffrage per-
manent ? They are never to be admitted into
this new nation till they bow to negro dom-
ination. "Not expounding a Government,"
but "making a nation," " rebuilding a mighty
nation in which there .must be no taint of des-
potism orinjustiee!" Was there ever such im-
pudence, such folly, such absurdity, such trea-
son? This Reconstruction Committee, those
who support this bill, members of Congress,
not expounding the Constitution, not legisla-
ting according to its provisions for the Union,
but building a nation, a "mighty nation.'"
Who commissioned Congress? Where did it
get the power? Who can read these bold, un-
blushing avowals, these foul utterances of
treason to the Union, that the purpose is not
to maintain this Republicof States, buttobuild
a Government, a mighty nation, in its stead,
and not stand aghast at the declaration I But
