1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4258
to all persons imprisoned at Atlanta, Georgia, where
it is reported some twenty persons are oonfincd in
military dungeons; also the same information with
reference to all persons imprisoned at Charleston,
South Carolina.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I raise the point of order
that this, being a resolution calling for exec-
utive information, it must lie over one day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The resolution cannot be con-
sidered on this day without unanimous consent.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I object.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I withdraw the resolu-
tion.
STUDIO OF MISS VINNIE REAM.
"Mr. ELDRIDGE. At the request of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
1 offer the following resolution, on which I
demand the previous question:
"Whereas the rooms occupied as a studio by Miss
Vinnie Rca,m are no longer wanted to acoommodatc
Mr. Wooliey: Therefore.
Be it resolved, That Miss Beam may continue to
occupy the same until she has completed the siatue
of Mr. Lincoln, not exceeding the term of one year,
and not using it tor any other purpose than complet-
ing the model of said statue.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the House will
unanimously consent to hear the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] for a few
minutes in reference to this resolution.
The SPEAKER. The call for the previous
question is pending; but the Chair will not
cheek the gentleman from Pennsylvania unless
the point of order should be raised.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Some
time ago, when we had a rebel recusant wit-
ness, he occupied a room which had but two
windows in it; and it was thought by our po-
lite Sergeant-at-Arms that he had not sufficient
light to read his literature through the day.
Hence a resolution was passed by which we
took away the room occupied b\' a girl who for
two years had been at work upon the statue
of Mr. Lincoln which we had intrusted to her,
and which was about two thirds finished in
clay; and we did this that Mr. Wooliey might
be accommodated with an ante-room. He
was thus accommodated until he had purged
his perjury. When lie had purged himself he
was then discharged. Since then the cap-
tain of police has occupied part of it once a
day, and it has been an annoyance to this lady,
who has been attempting to finish her work.
To remove the statue as it is now it is agreed
on all hands would destroy it. I hope the
House will allow her to go on and finish it
where it is. If I had the preparing of the lodg-
ings for Mr. Wooliey, instead of getting up a
parlor with new carpets for him I would have
thrust him into "the blackhole" rather than
turn this lady out of her studio, and prevent
her carrying out her aspirations for several
years, i demand the previous question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not object to any
of the gentleman's remarks except that about
the " blackhole." [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I did not
intend to put the gentleman there.
Mr. MULLINS. He is the last man to object
to a dark hole. It is the life of his party.
[Laughter.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would allow him to go
into any dark hole he wanted to. [Renewed
laughter.]
The previous question was seconded, eighty
having voted in the affirmative; noes not
counted.
The main question was ordered.
Mr. EGGLESTON demanded the yeas and
nays.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
18, noes 88.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
So (one fifth of those present not having voted
in the affirmative) the yeas and nays were not
ordered.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
seventy-seven, noes not counted. «•
So the preamble and resolution were adopted.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the preamble and
resolution were adopted; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PURCHASE Oil' MACHINERY AT PHILADELPHIA.
Mr. SAWYER submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the expenses incurred by the com-
mittee in taking testimony in the investigation or-
dered by resolution of July 0,1888, into the purchase
of machinery at the Philadelphia navy-yard be paid
oat of the contingent fund; and the committee have
power to continue the investigation and report at the
next session.
Mr. SAWYER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MISS VINNIE REAM AGAIN.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will call the
attention of the gentleman from Wisconsin to
the fact that the resolution just passed con-
tinues Miss Vinnie Ream in the use of her
studio for one year, when the jurisdiction of
this House extends only until the 4th of March
next—about eight months.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The same construction
will be put upon this as upon the resolution
to count the electoral votes.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that is
not a parallel case, about the next Congress
counting the electoral votes. The jurisdiction
of this House as a House extends only to the
expiration of the next session. The Chair has
made the statement so the lady should not be
surprised.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. All Miss Vinnie Ream
can ask of this House is to do what it can.
NIAGARA SIIIP-CANAL.
Mr. PAINE. I submit the following reso-
lution, on which I demand the previous ques-
tion :
Resolved, That the bill providing for the construc-
tion of a ship-canal around the Falls of ,N lagara, now
in the Oommitteo of the Whole, be postponed until
the 10th of December next, and made the special
order after the morning hour.
Mr. KELSEY. I object to the part making
it a special order.
The SPEAKER. That part of the resolu-
tion requires unanimous consent.
Mr. PAINE. I withdraw the resolution.
CRETAN INDEPENDENCE.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to :
Resolved, This House view with deep interest the
heroic struggle of the Cretans to free themselves
from the yoke of Turkish despotism, and to achieve
thoir independence as a people, that liberty which
is the inalienable right of all men ; and that wo, in
common with the whole American people, sympa-
thize with thein in their sufferings, and ardently
wish thein speedy triumph.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
STEAM PLOWS FREE OF DUTY.
Mr. ALLISON introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 354) admitting steam plows free
of duty for one year from June 30, 18G8.
The joint resolution extends and continues
in further force the provision of section two of
the joint resolution approved March 26, 1867,
respecting the importation of agricultural ma-
chinery free of duty for the period of one year
from the 30th of June, 1868, and provides that
any such machinery shipped before that date
or which may have arrived since that date shall
be exempt from duty.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Is this subject to amend-
ment?
The SPE AKER. It would be if the previous
question was not moved.
Mr. MOORHEAD. It is a part of the tariff
bill now in Committee of the Whole, and I
do not like to pass it piecemeal. I rise to
debate it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleauatt has m.oyed
the previous question.
Mr. MAYNARD. Would it be in order to
relieve the Committee of the Whole of the tariff
bill and bring it into the House at this tim.e?
The SPEAKER. It would not, even if the
State of Pennsylvania or JFennessee was called,
for any proposition whiifc imposes a tax mast
receive its first consideration.in Committee of
the Whole. s
Mr. MAYNARD. Tie tariff bill has been
considered in Committee of the Whole-.
The SPEAKER. It is unfinished business
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MAYNARD. The amendment I would
offer would be to attach the balance of the
tariff bill to it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman could attach
exemptions in the tariff bill, but nothing which
imposes a tax on the people, if objection is
made.
Mr. MOORHEAD. This is a tax on the
people as much as anything in the tariff bill.
The previous question was seconded.
On ordering the main question there were—
ayes 62, noes 43.
Mr. MOORHEAD demanded tellers.
Tellers were refused.
So the main question was ordered; and the
joint resolution was read a first and second
time, was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time ; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. ALLISON. I demand the previous
question on the passage of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. MILLER. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were refused.
The joint resolution was then passed.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RAILROAD GRANT IN FLORIDA. «
Mr. HAMILTON presented a memorial of
the constitutional convention of the State of
Florida, praying for a grant of alternate sec-
tions of land for six miies on both sides of
the road for building a railroad from Quincy,
Florida, to and through Marianna, in Jackson
county, to Pensacola, Florida; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
EQUAL SUFFRAGE.
Mr. HAMILTON also presented a resolu-
tion of the same convention, requesting Con-
gress to propose an amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States establishing equal
and uniform suffrage in all the .States of the
Union ; which, on motion of Mr. Bhooks, was
referred to the Committee on Reconstruction.
FLORIDA INDIANS.
Mr. HAMILTON also presented a memorial
of the same convention, in relation to the Flor-
ida Indians ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
UNITED STATES COURT IN FLORIDA.
Mr. HAMILTON also presented a resolu-
tion of the same convention, for the removal
of the United States court from St. Augustine
to Jacksonville, Florida; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
PAY OF JAMES II. BUUCll, CONTESTANT.
Mr. UPSON. In behalf of the gentleman
from Vermont, [Mr. Poland,] I report from
the Committee of Elections the following res-
olution :
Resolved, That there be paid to James H. Burch,
of the State of Missouri, out of t'no contingent fund
of tho House, SJ.o'JO, in full for time spent and ex-
penses incurred in prosecuting his claim to a seat m
this House.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to lay the reso-
lufcion on the table. , .
Mr. KERR. On that I demand the yeas
and nays. ,
The yeas and nays were ordered.
