2206
9HE (JON(rliESSl0JSrAL GLOBE.
March 28,
there is to be "no taint of despotism" in this
new, this "mighty nation!" Oh no; there is no
despotism in forcing a constitution upon a
people against its will. No despotism in
forcing half a million white, intelligent,
educated, refined men, women, and children to
live under the domination of seventy thousand
negroes. There is no taint of despotism or in-
justice in forcing the people of a sovereign State
to-surrender their constitution of government
and accept one made by negroes. Or, can any-
thing on earth be more cruel, arbitrary, un-
just, and despotic than such a Government so
enforced?
I am glad this committee and the gentleman
from Pennsylvania have had the hardihood to
proclaim their revolutionary purpose. There
need be no longer any cavil or dispute. They
■would build a Government; they would make
a mighty nation on the ruins of the old Union.
Let the people of the States that deny universal
negro suffrage take heed and understand that
no State shall ever be admitted into this
"mighty nation" which this revolutionary
party is now making " where the right of uni-
versal suffrage shall not be made permanent
and impossible of violation." This has be-
come "necessary by the injustice of sister
States.'' These are the solemn utterances of
the representatives of a great party—the party
that is building a "mighty nation. They are
the official declarations of members of Con-
gress, of a committee of the House of Repre-
sentatives, while in the very act of violating its
declared principles. They are the opening up
of the revolutionary schemes of the party now
controlling the destinies of the Republic. 'Hie
grand temple of republican liberty erected by
our ancestors with so much care and wisdom
is to be torn down; the pillars of that majestic
edifice, resting upon the solid and safe founda-
tion of popular sovereignty and the right of
self-government, are to be wrenched from their
foundations, and a new Government, "a mighty
nation," built in its placet And this is the
war that is now being waged against our sys-
tem of government, against the Constitution
and Government of our fathers. Congress is
not "expounding" the Constitution under
which it was created and exercising the powers
granted by it, but it is usurpingthe power and
arrogating to itself the right to make a Gov-
ernment, to build a nation. The people are
no longer to be consulted or regarded, 110
longer to be the architects of the Government
under which they live. They must submit to
the arbitrary hand of power and bare their
necks to the yoke prepared by Congress and
such agents as it in its majestic wisdom may
depute. Congress is lo rule the empire and
away the destinies of the people with more than
regal power. Who will hereafter pretend that
ours is a government "deriving all its just pow-
ers from the consent of the governed ?" It is
no longer a Government "by the people for
the people." It is a Government of the peo-
ple by Congress; it is the rule of the servant
over the master; it is an utter denial of the
right of self-government; it, is Federal usurpa-
tion ; it is Federal tyranny—Federal oppres-
sion.
The gentlemen who lead the other side of
this House understood this in 1858. How en-
ergetically and eloquently our worthy Speaker
[Mr. Coi.pax] inveighed against l?ederaiinter-
ference with the affairs and constitution of
Kansas. How ably did he argue for the right
of self-government—the right of the people to
make their own constitutions unawed and unin-
fluenced by Federal power.
Let me read from his speech on that occasion,
and see if it is not applicable to the present;
if it does not show that this bill ought not to
pass:
"A constitution is before us, not framed by the au-
thority of an enabling act, the last Congress having
failed to concur in the passage of one—notratifiedby
thepeopleintercsted at any election in which the right
to choose, the simple power of saying yes or no, had
been conceded—but framed by a convention, elected
under an imperfect, unfair, disfranchising, and,
therefore swindling, census and registry, whose mem-
bers represented on an average, exactly thirty votes
apiece; who needed an army to protect them while
in session from the indignation of the people, whose
organic law they pretended to have beon commis-
sioned to make; who themselves conccded all that I
havo charged against them by submitting the con-
stitution only to those who were willing to vote for
it and to swear besides to support it; and whoso lll-
shapen and illegitimate offspring was repudiated as
spurious by an overwhelming majority of ten thou-
sand at a fair, open oleetion, authorized by the Gov-
ernor and Legislature of the Territory."
Ten thousand were enough to stigmatize the
rule as despotic then; with a majority of twenty-
odd thousand against the constitution to-day the
House proposes to pass this bill:
"Andyet this fraudulent instrument, which no one
here is hardy enough to claim as the voice of tho
majority of tho people of the proposed State: which
no more speaks their will than does the constitution
of conquered and enthralled franco speak tho will
of tho freemen of America; and which every one,
hero or elsewhere, knows full well is loathed and
scorned and repudiated by tho people who aro to bo
forced with the bayonet to live under it—this instru-
ment is pressed upon us lor ratification ou tho tech-
nical ground that itemanated from a body which was
nominally a convention representing the people of
Kansas, that it has paused the ordeal of a protended,
one-sided submission, and "that wo have, therefore,
no right to ko behind it and inquire whether it is or
is not tho will oftlio peoploof that distant Territory.
The gentleman proceeds in another passage
to put the following inquiry :
" Imagine, sir, George Washington sitting in tho
White J louse; that noble patriot, whoso wholo career
is a brilliant illustration of honor and purity in high
plaees, and who doubts that if such a constitution
as this had been submitted to him tor his sanction ho
would havo spurned from hisdoorwithcontemptand
scorn tho messenger who boro it? Or, ask yourself
what would havo boon tho indignant answer of
Thomas Jefferson, who proclaimed, as the battle-cry
of the Revolution, that great, truth enshrined in the
Declaration which has mado his liamo immortal,
and which scattered to the winds tho sophistries and
technicalities of the royalists of our land, that 'all
Governments derivo their just powers from tho eon-
sent of the governed;' not the implied consent of
enforoed submission, but the actual, undeniable,
unquestioned consent of tho freemen who aro to boar
its burdens and enjoy its blessings? If a messenger
had dared to enter tho portals ot the White House
when thatstern old man of iron will, Andrew Jack-
son, of Tennessee, livod within it, and asked him to
givo his indorsement and approval, tho sanction of
his personal character and official influence, to a
constitution reeking with fraud, which its framers
were seeking to enforce on a poople who protested
and denounced and loathed and repudiated it, and
to go down to history as its voluntary advocato and
champion, that messenger, I will warrant, would
have remembered tho torrent of rebuke with which
ho would havo boon overwhelmed till the latestliour
of his life."
Then he makes an appeal in almost the same
language that is used in the appeal to Congress
on behalf of the people of Alabama. He says:
"Bile appeals to you to release her from tho grasp
of this despot and dictator, and to lether go free. In
tho language of an eloquent and gifted orator of my
own State, I say, ' Wbon she comes to us let it bo
as a willing bride, and not as a fettered and manacled
slave.'"
So I say of Alabama.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,]
too, strange to say, spoke against the Kansas
constitution on theground that it was not freely
and fairly adopted by the people who were to
live under it. He, one of the committee who
reports in favor of this bill, in favor of forcing
this constitution upon the people of Alabama
against their will, then contended manfully
that the people had some rights and that Con-
gress was bound to respect those rights. How
rhetorically and bitterly eloquent he became
at the thought of the Federal Executive inter-
fering with the people in the formation of their
constitution ! He denounced it as usurpation
—a gross outrage and wrong upon the people
of Kansas. Let me read :
" I say such a thing is without precedent in tho
legislation of the country; is unauthorized by and in
direetcontravention of the Constitution of tho United
States. There is nothing in the Constitution of tho
United States which gives colorable authority for
such legislation. There is nothing in tho past legis-
lation of this country that gives colorable authority
for it. It is a simple act of despotism attempted to
be enacted here by the Congress of the United States
under cover of that Constitution which bears the
peerless name of Washington. It were bettor, sir,
that that sacred instrument should perish as though
smote by tho lightning of heaven than that any such
act as that now proposed should be placed upon our
statute-book. What is it? Why, that the Congress
of the United States shall dictate to freemen that
they shall accept, under pains and penalties, a bribe,
and thereby become subject to a constitution which
they never made, which they abbor, and which they
have condemned.''
Now comes the principle which I hold to be
the true one, and which! want the gentleman
from Ohio, when he makes his speech to-day,
to answer :
" I say, and I say it without the fear of contradic-
tion, that the genius of our Constitution is this : that
now State constitutions must emanate from the
people within the limits of the proposed Mate, and
from no other source."
He said it with more eloquence and force, I
have no doubt, than I could.
Sir, what has caused these most remarkable
changes in the views and opinions of gentle-
men ? If popular sovereignty was true doctrine,
if self-government was right in 1858, why is it
not now? If the people of Kansas were en-
titled under our Constitution to frame their own
fundamental law unawed by Federal bayonets
and uncontrolled by Federal interference, why
are not the people of Alabama? Has the result
in Kansas convinced gentlemen of their error,
answered all their arguments? Let the long
line of emigrants fleeing from the military des-
potism created in and over the States of the
South to seek an asylum from the oppressions
of congressional reconstruction in the State of
Kansas conclude the answer. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] in advocat-
ing confiscation, gave utterance to this most
barbarous and inhuman sentiment: "If it
drives them into exile so much the better."
I would that gentleman and all those who ad-
vocate this and its kindred measures of tyranny,
injustice, and oppression could have beheld
only last week, as described to me by an eye-
witness, the scene of sixty emigrants at the
depot of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad in
Baltimore, on their way to Kansas, voluntary
exiles from their native homes in North Caro-
lina. There were old men and young men;
there were women and little children—a pov-
erty-stricken, sad, and sorrowful band—resting
their emaciated and weary limbs upon the floor
and allaying tl.c pangs of hunger upon crusts
of bread. They had seen better and happier
days; they had enjoyed the luxuries of life, the
blessings of education and refinement. But.
broken-hearted and in despair, they had left
their sunny and once happy homes in the South,
the scenes of their childhood, the birth-plaees
of their children, and the graves of their ances-
tors, in the hope to find in free Kansas a place
where they and their posterity may hereafter
enjoy the blessings of liberty and freedom from
the despotism which is crushing and destroying
their old State.
Sir, the only policy under which the States
of this Union or the people can prosper is that
which honestly administers and fully secures
to all the Constitution, and prohibits the exer-
cise by the Federal Government of any powers
not therein granted. The right of self-govern-
ment cannot be denied or infringed upon with
safety to the Commonwealth. The course that
Congress has pursued and is pursuing in the
passage of this hill will not restore good gov-
ernment and prosperity to Alabama. The
wrong and injustice of forcing a government
upon her people against their will will not
Soon be forgotten. The memory of it will be
transmitted from father to son, and will assur-
edly bring the result which a sense of oppres-
sion and injury never fail to produce. The
exercise ot a little magnanimity, generosity,
forgiveness, and kindness by the conqueror
would have settled all our difficulties long ago •
would have restored the States to the Union
and prosperity and happiness to the people
With this spirit the victorious North should
have met its conquered countrymen. Chris-
tian charity can do more now than an army
with banners. A withdrawal of the armies and
restoration of the government into tho hands
of the people is all that is necessary That
would restore the happiness and prosperity
of former days, the happiness and prosperity
which will never come of subjugation, opwes
sion, and wrong. ' 8
Mr. Speaker, no man has been more
ous and anxious, I believe, than myself thll
the State of Alabama and the other excluded
States Should be represented in Congress I
