4254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
JulytO,
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 70, nays 76, not voting
62; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnoll,
Baldwin, Beotty, Benjamin, Benton, Blair, Boles,
Boutwell, Boyden, Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland,
Roderick It. -Butler, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb.Coburn, Covodc. Eckloy, Epxiod-
ton.Ferriss, Fields. Goss. Griswold, Hamilton. Haw-
kins. Ileaton, Hill, Hinds, Chester I). Hubbard,
Hunter, Alexander II. Jones, Judd, William Law-
rence, Loan, Logan, Lousrhridge, Mallory, McCarthy,
McKee.Mercur, Moore, Nunn, Orth, Paine, Perham,
Pike, Pile, Plants, Polsley, Raum, Schenck, Shanks,
Smith, Spalding, Stokes, Burt Van Horn. VanWyck,
Ward. Elihu B. Washburne. Welker. Whittomoro,
William Williams, James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wil-
son, and Woodbridge—70.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, James M. Ashley,
Axtell, Bailey, Baker. Banks, Beck, Bingham. Brooks,
Cary, Cook, Cullom. Dawes, Delano. Dixon. Doclcery,
Donnelly, Driggs, Eldridgo, Eliot, Ferry, Fox, Getz,
Glossbrenner.Golladay, Grover.Haight.Hiffby, llol-
man, Hopkins, Johnson, Thomas L. Jonea, ICelley,
Kelsey, Kerr, Ketcham, Knott, Ivoontz, Laflin,
Marshall,Maynard,Miller,Moorhead, Morrell,Mus-
lins, Mungen, Mvers.Newcomb, Niblack, Nicholson,
O'Neill, Peters, Poland, Pomeroy, Randall, Robert-
son, Ross, Sawyer,Scofield,Sitgroaves, Starkweather,
Stewart, Stone. Taber. TafFe, Taylor, Lawrence S.
Trimble, Trowbridge,Twichell, Upson, Van Aernam,
Van Auken, William B. Washburn, Wood, and
Woodward—76. _
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Barnes,
Barnum, Bcaniftn, Blackburn, Blaine, Boyer, Burr,
Benjamin F. Butler, Cake, Chanlcr, Cornell, Do-
wees©, Dodge, Ela. Farnsworth, Finney, Frcnch,
GaKfiold, Gravely, Ilalsey, Harding. Hoopor, Ilotch-
kiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, IIul-
burd, Humphrey, Ingersol L J enckes, Julian, Kitchen,
George V. Lawroncc. Lincoln, Lynch, Mann, Marvin,
McClurff, McCorimck, McCullough, Morrissoy, Now-
sham, Phelps, Price, Pruyn, Robinson, Roots, Selye,
Shellabargcr, Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens,
Sypher, Thomas, John TrnnbVe, Robert T. Van Horn,
Van Trump, Vidal, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Henry
D. Washburn, Thomas Williams, John T. Wilson,
and "VVindom—62.
So the House refused to lay the resolution
on the table.
The previous question was then seconded
and the main question ordered, being upon the
adoption of the resolution.
Mr. BENJAMIN demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 73, nays 75, not voting
60; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Bailey,
Baker, Banks, Beck, Bingham, Boles, Boutwell,
Boycr, Brooks, Cake, Cary, Cook, Dawes, Delano,
Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Eldridge. Eliot Ferry,
Fox, Gota, Glossbrenner, Golladay, Grover, Ilaight,
Hamilton, liigby, Ilolman, Hopkins, Hotchkiss,
lngersoll. Jenckes, Johnson, Kerr, Kcteham, Ivnott,
Koontz, Laflin, Marshall, Maynard, McCullough,
Miller, Moorhead. Morrell. Munjren, Myers, Nib-
lack, Nicholson, O'Neill, Pike, Poland, Randall,
Robertson, Ross,Sawyer,Scolield,Sitgreave«. Smith,
Stewart. Taber, Taffe, Thomas, Lawrence S. Trimble,
Twichell, Upson, Van Auken. William B. Washburn,
Wood, and Woodward—73.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Arnoll, Delos II. Ashley,
Baldwin, Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Blair, Boydcn,
BroomaJl. Buckland, Roderick II. Butler, Churchill,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Co-
vode, Eggleston, Ela, Farnsworth, Ferris?, Fields,
French, Gravely, Ileaton, Hill, Chester D. Hubbard,
Ilulburd, Hunter, Alexander II. Jones, Judd, Kcl-
ley, Kelsey, William Lawrence, Loan, Logan, Lough-
ridge, Lynch, Mallory, McCarthy, McKee, Mercur,
Moore. Mullms, Nunn, Orth, Paine, Perham, Peters,
Pile, Plants, Polsley, Pomeroy, Raum, Schenck,
Shanks, Spalding, Starkweather, Stokes, Sypher,
Taylor. Trowbridge, Van Acrnam, Burt Van Horn,
Van Wyck. Ward, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry I).
Washburn, Welker, Whittemore. William Williams,
James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, and Wood-
bridge—-75.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, James
M. Ashley, Barnes, Barnum, Beaman, Blackburn,
Blaine, Bromwell, Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Chan-
lcr, Cornell, Cullom,Deweese, Dockery, Dodge, Eck-
ley, Finney, Garfield, Goss, Griswold, Halscy, Hard-
ing, Hawkins, Hinds, Hooper, Asahel W. llubbard,
Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Thomas L. Jones,
J ulian, Kitchen, George V. Lawrcnce.Lincoln, Mann,
Marvin, McClurg, McCormick, Morrissey, Newcomb,
Ncwsham, Phelps, Price, Pruyn, Robin&on, Roots,
Selye, Shellabarger, Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus
Stevens, Stone, John Trimble. Robert T, Van Horn,
Van Trump, Vidal, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Thomas Williams, Stephen F. Wilson, and Win-
dom—60.
So the resolution was rejected.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was rejected; and also move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. T demand the yeas-and
nays on the latter motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I with-
draw the motion.
funding the national debt.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the House resumes the consider-
ation of the bill (S. No. 207) for funding the
national debt, and for the conversion of the
notes of the United States, on which the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwell] is
enrttled to the floor.
REPRESENTATIVE FROM NOUTII CAROLINA.
Mr. DAWES. The Committee of Elec-
tions have instructed me to report back the
credentials of Israel G. Lash, Representative-
elect from the fifth congressional district of
North Carolina, with a recommendation that
he be admitted to his seat upon taking the oath
prescribed by act of July 2, 1802.
The report of the Committee of Elections
was then agreed to.
Mr. Iskael G. Lash then presented himself
and took the oath ot office prescribed by the
act of July 2, 1862.
REPRESENTATIVE FROM SOUTII CAROLINA.
Mr. DAWES. The Committee of Elections
have also instructed me to report back the
credentials of C. C. Bowen, Representative-
elect from the eighth congressional district of
the State of South Carolina, with the statement
that while the credentials are in due form of
law, Mr. Bowen, having participated in the
rebellion, is consequently unable to take the
oath of office prescribed by the act of July 2,
1862. But his disabilities having been removed
by act of Congress the Committee of Elections
recommend that he be admitted to his seat
upon taking the oath prescribed by the act of
Congress of July 11,18G8, prescribing the oath
of office to be taken by those whose political
disabilities have been removed by act of Con-
gress. -
Mr. MULLINS. I want to withdraw the
objection I made to this man the other day, as
I am told that 1 was mistaken—that this is not
the man 1 thought he was.
The SPEAKER. His disabilities having
been removed by act of Congress he is entitled
to be sworn.
Mr. DAWES. That the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Mullins") may notlaborunder
a misapprehension, I will say to him that this
Mr. Bowen is precisely the man he thought he
was. But by act of Congress Mr. Boweu is
entitled t.0 his seat here, notwithstanding his
participation in the rebellion, as much as the
gentleman and myself are entitled to our seats.
Mr. MULLINS. Allow me to say_ a few
words. By an understanding with different
individuals in this House 1 did not oppose the
disability bill when it passed the House the
last time. But they agreed with me that they
would assist in sifting this ease if I would not
make opposition to that bill. Now, by the
members from that State I am informed that
not less than twelve of every hundred persons
named in that bill are opposed to you and me
this day. This is the gulf, the maelstrom that
is to swallowyou and me up before we are done
with it.
Mr. DAWES. I knew the gentleman desired
to make opposition to this case, and therefore
I did not want him to labor under a mistake.
Mr. MULLINS. This gentleman was origin-
ally born, as I am told, in the State of Ohio.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman says
Mr. Bowen was originally born in Ohio. Can
ho tell us where lie was born the next time ?
Mr. MULLINS. He was born here a few
days ago in this House according to your con-
struction and delivery, and a false birth, I
believe it was; too.
Against this individual as a man I have
nothing more than I have against you, Mr.
Speaker. But upon the political issues as they
present themselves here, so far as they relate to
him as a man. I desire to be understood. He
voluntarily went to the State of South Caro-
lina some ten or fifteen years ago. When the
war broke out he voluntarily accepted at the
hands of the rebels the office of captain.
Shortly thereafter, for valiant services, 1 sup-
pose, in killing Union men, and running
women and children from their houses, he was
promoted to the position of major. While act-
in" as major my information is that he killed his
rebel colonel. Of that I have not to complain.
He was arrested, tried, and imprisoned. While
he was in prison the Federal army came along,
and of course broke his fetters. Then it was a
dernier resort with him to take the loyal side,
or go with the rebels and to the gallows. He
turned to the loyal side, and while in the Fede-
ral army, acting in some capacity, as General
Sickles himself told me, he did so bad that lie
had to be incarcerated again. Then he tiynied
around and became a swift advocate for th.ft
black man's pay.
Now, upon this subject of pardons, God tor
once astonished the world by producing a son
who took upon himself your sins and mine,
and died that we through faith in his crucifix-
ion might live. We have taken to pardoning
men here, which is astonishing. But when we
pardon can we see the heart, and see the
workings of that heart? I cannot; and for one
I am fearful to-day that when I pardon this
man for what he has committed against the
Government I may be taking to my bosom one
who will draw the dagger, and with eyes red
with vengeance again seek to strike a fatal blow
at this Government, if he does, the sin will be
upon those who to-day initiate him into this
office. For one, I will never consent to make
a stepping-stone of loyalty to bring up trea-on
and bloodthirstiness to positions of responsi-
bility. I am not the man to reward treason in
that way. I trust this man may work hand in
hand with us, and prove thoroughly to be con-
verted. I would not object if he came as a re-
turning prodigal, seeking a servant's place.
But like all the others he comes here asking to
be made a ruler. To this I object.
I have said all that I desire in regard to this
question. I thank the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Elections [Mr. Dawes] forwthe time
he has given me.
Mr. L>AWES. As to the important ques-
tion, whether this man was "originally born
m Ohio,'' I am authorized to say that, whether
born there or not, he was never in the State.
[Laughter.] The argument of the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Mullins] might have
been in place when we had before the House
the bill removing the political disabilities of
Mr. Bowen; and I doubt not that if it had been
delivered at that time with the same effect with
which it has been delivered to-day it would
doubtless have overwhelmed all the advocates
of the measure, which would have gone down
before the rhetoric of the eloquent gentleman.
But the measure survived, and has become a
law.
The constitutional amendment has provided
that when by a vote of two thirds of both
branches of Congress the disabilities incurred
by participation in the rebellion have been
removed the man thus relieved stands in all
regards upon a level with the gentleman from.
Tennessee or myself or any other member of
this House who has never had need to have
such disabilities removed. It is a fact, Mr.
Speaker, that this man participated in th3
rebellion ; otherwise there would have been no
need of a bill to remove his disabilities. Be-
cause of his participation in the rebellion that
act was passed. In point of fact, if it were
proper to go behind the act to show the pro-
priety of its passage, I might say that, although
Mr. Bowen participated technically in the
rebellion, he is probably as fiee from guilt ill
that matter as any who participated in it at all.
He was conscripted into the rebel army, com-
pelled to go into it by force of public sentiment.
He went into the army ; but he participated in
no action. Neither he nor the company which
he commanded was in any of the engagements
with the Union soldiers. The blood of no man
is upon his skirts. On the first opportunity
that presented itself he abandoned the rebel
cause and joined the friends of the Union and
