1182
apply to almost every extension before the
House.
Mr. BROMWELL. I yield to the«gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Van Wxok] five
minutes.
^"r" WYCK. Mr. Speaker, we ought
if possible to get at the merits -of this matter,
irrespective of the guise of monopoly or of aid
and sympathy for the poor, suffering heirs of
Harvey. The facts, as I understand this case,
are substantially these:
"The administrator of the estate of General Har-
vey assigned to the Amorioa-n Screw Cumpj&ny ofProv-
ldence all the patents of General Harvey, and obli-
gated himself to a-ssign all extensions to the same com-
pany. J.he Providence Company, by arrangement
between the two parties, are to keep silent and seem-
ingly oppose the reissue, and. if the attempt be suc-
cessful, are to pay a certain sum to Hayward A.
Harvey and his sister.
Inclosed i8 a copy of a letter in my possession,
one of many similar sent to stockholders and o I hers
interested in theContinental Screw Company of New
Jersey, of which tho^writer, Charles Bilvcn, is presi-
dent. It speaks for itself. Hayward A. Harvey, the
needy son of General Harvey, invented the machin-
ery of the Continental Company, for which ho re-
ceived $325,000, $100,000 in money and $225,000 in the
stock of the company, of which he is the head and
front."
Now, here is this confidential letter:
" New York, March 20,1866.
"Dear Si's: Hayward A. Harvey, in behalf of him-
self and the other heirs, is about to apply to Congress
for a congressional extension of two patents which
were issued in 1846 to his father. General Thomas W.
Harvey, for his invention of screw machinery."
"The object of this letter is to request you, as a
personal favor, to write and send to me by early mail
a letter of introduction to Hayward A. Ilarvey, to
your Representatives Congress, or such other moin-
"bers of bofh Houses from other districts as you may
be able to influence, vouching, as far as your confi-
dence in me will admit, for the truthfulness of this
statement, and requesting him or thetn to not ouly
vote for the extension, but to use all influence to for-
ward the measure. You have my assurance that the
passage of this bill will promote your interest as a
stockholder in the Continental."
So that these "needy heirs" of Mr. Harvey
make their application to Congress, and come
before the committee and ask the aid of this
Government, not to the heirs, butto this wealthy
corporation, who started with $57,000 and
whose capital is now $1,000,000, and who are
said to have made $10,000,000 from these in-
ventions, running up the price of screws, with
all theaid of machinery, fourhundred percent,
from what they were before the company was
organized, and enjoyed the monopoly, so that
now a share in this company that was worth at
one time fifty dollars can be sold in the market
for §10,000. They come now and ask the
American Congress to fill fuller this company
already plethoric with the fortune they have
made by this monopoly. Now, let not the
industry and labor of the countrybe taxed any .
more to feed this corporation which has made
its millions, but let these heirs fall back on
their $100,000; and if they have foolishly and
needlessly expended that, then let the bowels ot
compassion of these wealthy companies yearn
to reward the inventor and his heirs, whose
invention has made them rich and wealthy.
There is no reason when they have enjoyed
this patent for twenty-one years why the coun-
try should be longer taxed to feed this corpora-
tion. , ,,
Mr. BROMWELL. I will now yield ten
minutes to my colleague on the committee,
[Mr. Myers.]
Mr. MYERS. Mr. Speaker, as the attention
of the House has, I hope, been fully given to
this whole discussion, I ask that it may be given
to me for a few moments in reply to what sev-
eral gentlemen have alleged against this bill.
Last year, when this bill was belore the House
and was about to pass, a paper was read m this
House, a copy of which I have here, which
said that the widow and heirs had assigned all
their interest in this patent and in the renewals
and extensions thereof to the American
Company. A motion was made to lay the bill
on the table, and it failed; but the morning
hour having expired between night and morn-
ing the representatives of the American Screw
Company and the monopolists that are so de-
fended upon this floor induced a number of
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
gentlemen—five of whom, at least, I know—to
change their votes, because they honestly be-
lieved that the widow and heirs were not to
get any portion of the money.
Now, sir, when this bill is about to pass
again, at this late moment, verbal statements
are made here, of course properly and fairly
uttered by those who make them here, but
upon information from others—verbal state-
ments that alfect the character of this bill and
that are intended to defeat it. How? Why,
by once more alleging that the benefit is to go
to the screw company. Sir, it is not. The
Committee on Patents gave due notice to every-
body, and no man and no corporation and no
person has been before that committee endeav-
oring to prove the allegation made here last
year ajid upon which the bill was defeated.
A few words more. It is alleged by parties
who say they wish to do what is right and, if
the widow and heirs can get the benefit of the
extension, desire this bill to pass ; it is alleged
as the only grouud left for their opposition
that these parties have had the possession of
this patent for twenty-one years.
Now, 1 ask the attention of the House when
I state that from the evidence before the Com-
mittee on Patents neither Mr. Harvey, the in-
ventor, nor his heirs hftve had these patents
for one day. Mr. Ilarvey was the inventor of
numerous machines. In 1830 he invented a
rivet machine; in 18:31 he invented a spike
machine; in 1833 he invented a stock-loom
machine; in 1834 he invented a brick ma-
chine; in 1835 a coining machine, and in 1830
pin machinery—the first solid-headed pins.
Those machines, which are shown to be good
ones, resulted in such benefit to him that ho
made $100,000 out of them.
Very well; just about that time Mr. Ilarvey
commenced the invention of sc.rew machinery.
He first invented a machine for nicking the
heads of screws ; another for shaving the heads
of screws; and another for threading the screws,
lu the course of these inventions, and in order
to perfect them, all of those I have mentioned
having become public property, and the oues in
which an extension is asked alone remaining,
he not only spent the $100,000 he had made,
but he borrowed :j;75,000 more of a Mr. lily.
Now, gentlemen, you who want to do what is
right, mark this; Mr. Harvey never owned
these patents; but following out the solemn
agreement he made, he executed a mortgage
or assignment in advance to pay Mr. Ely the
money he thus borrowed. This money was
being repaid at the time when the patents were
about to expire. An arbitration took place,
when the value of the patent was determined
for the term of the extension asked for from
the Committee on Patents. There were ,yi0,000
still unpaid to Mr. Ely; and Mr. Ely and those
who received from him held the possession of
the extension of the patent, to the exclusion
of the inventor, the widow, and representatives.
Mr. Ely never was fully repaid the §70,000
which he had loaned to Mr. Harvey, but was
satisfied from the profits of the extension of
the patent.
Now, for the first time, those who represent
the inventor, who has added so much to the
industrial wealth of this country, if it can be
added to by scientific inventions, as I take it is
the case, these people now, for the first time,
come forward and ask for this grant to them
and for their own benefit. The gentleman
from New York [Mr. Van" Wyuk] says that
instead of these inventions being a benefit to
the people they have increased the price four
hundred per cent. To the contrary I know
that to be not so. I say the price is not now
one half of what it was; and of that I have
full proof.
Whether this invention has been held by
monopolists or not, whether or not they have
sent some one here to defeat this application
by handing newspaper statements to gentlemen,
the real parties are before us ; these represent-
atives of the inventor, for the first time asking
that they be allowed to make something out of
this invention. I do not know whether Mr.
Hayward A. Harvey, the son, has invented and
been paid well for his inventions. If he has
he had a right to do so. I do know, however,
that the statements from newspapers which
have been read here are not true. Why did
not these opponents come before the Committee
on Patents and present proof that the son had
made some money, though the father had not?
because if true it would not have been to the
point.
If there is anything in this country of which
we boast, it is our advancement in the develop-
ment of mechanical art. The Patent Office is
filled with these inventions. We boast of in-
ventors such as Morse, Whitney, Day, Howe,
and Page, and have granted patents and exten-
sions of patents for matters of daily use, and
the blessings of the people follow their names,
because of their saving of labor and the cheap-
ening of necessary articles by reason of these
inventions. I think the name of Harvey is
worthy of being classed with the distinguished
ones I have mentioned.
As my colleague [Mr. Scofieu)] has said,
the evidence is that these representatives of
this inventor have never received one dollar
for these inventions. And these statements
which have been read here come as the fraud-
ulent paper of last year did from monopolists
who, if this extension is not granted, will con-
tinue to have their monopoly through their
wealth and the machines they have set up. I
hope this bill will pass.
Mr. BROMWELL. I now yield for two or
three minutes to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Boutwell.]
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, I desire
to suggest one view of this case which has not
been presented to the House. We have here
a proposition to tax the labor and industrial
interests of this country for seven years, to
the extent of millions of dollars annually, for
the purpose of bestowing what is at best a
charity upon a widow and her grown-up chil-
dren. That is the proposition. Now, if the
Committee on Patents or any other committee
believe that these people are proper objects of
national charity, and will bring in a bill here
to give them one hundred or five hundred
thousand dollars, it will be greatly to the
advantage of the industrial interests of this
country to take the money out of the Treasury
than to pass this bill.
Prom the manner in which this bill is drawn,
in connection with the fact that the screw-
manufacturing interest of the country does not
oppose its passage, the character of this trans-
action is pla,in enough. The bill provides, as
it must provide, that all machines now in exist-
ence may be used by the present owners of
those machines, or their assignees, free of roy-
alty to the owners of the patent proposed to
be created by this bill. During the interval of
time since this bill was before Congress on a
previous occasion these companies have man-
ufactured vast numbers of these machines at
comparatively small cost. They are, as I
understand, very enduring machines, calcu-
lated in their nature to outlast the life of the
patent which it is proposed here to grant.
Hence the companies have the power in
their own hands to make screws with the ad-
vantage of this patent; and they will have
substantially the power to exclude everybody
else, because this widow and these children
a«i? "i ''le Power these companies, who can
afiord to give them more money than any new
organization can affoid to pay. Hence these
companies will just club together and induce
the widow and children to relinquish the right
wnich it is proposed to bestow upon them;
and then the companies will, by taxing the
people of the country, remunerate themselves
a hundred fold for whatever they may expend
in buying up the patent. Thus the business
ot manufacturing screws will be limited to the
men at present engaged in it. The parent
which we are asked to grant will be used for
i HurP°se extending the existing raonop-
°'y during tho next seven years, making it
absolute in the hands of the present manufac-
