1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3231
sachusetts [Mr. Eliot] thinks will be carried
into lofts and stowed away by and by while we
mourn over the decadence of the power and
glory of the American people. If you will take
caro of the great interests of the country at
home I am willing to let foreign ships struggle
for supremacy on the seas and fight the battle
in their own way, believing that our flag will
triumph there as it has in the great struggle for
nationality.
I believe I have occupied the time of the
House as long as I ought to on this subject. I
repeat that my objection to this bill is simply
that it undertakes to maintain this one interest
by striking at another which is equally import-
ant, and we cannot afford to foster one interest
by detriment to others of equal importance.
I "shall be glad to have the burdens of the coun-
try equalized, if they are not already equal-
ized, but after the statements on the other
side in favor of the bill I am not able to see
that it is at all necessary that this measure
should be passed. I intended to move as an
amendment, before I sat down, to strike out a
section of the bill.
The SPEAKER. That is not in order; the
motion to recommit is pending.
Mr. BLAIR. 1 yield to my colleague, [Mr.
Driggs.]
Mr. DRIGGS. Mr, Speaker, I do not intend
to occupy the attention of the House but a
short lime, as my time is limited to the brief
period yielded to me from his time by my col-
league, [Mr. Blair,] and as I have promised
a portion of that time to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Myers.] I desire to say
that I understood my colleague, [Mr. Blair,]
in reply to Mr. Pike, of Maine, to say that that
gentleman had stated—and which 1 had also
understood him to say—that a very small pro-
portion of the copper used in skip-building was
obtained from Lake Superior. That statement,
Mr. Speaker, I doubt not is strictly true, and
for the very best reason it is true. The rea-
son, sir, why our native copper is not used is
because it has no protection, and these ship-
builders find it much more convenient and
economical to buy copper produced from for-
eign ores, the productot'penal and cheap labor,
brought into the country almost free and
thrown into the market in ruinous competition
ivith the production from the mines of Lake
Superior and other sections, which are borne
down by taxation of every kind to support the
Government. If this bill passes, and a draw-
back is allowed to the ship-builder equal to the
duty on foreign copper, it is very doubtful
whether even the small proportion of which
the gentleman speaks will come from Lake
Superior or any other American mines; for
it will be utterly impossible for them to com-
pete with the foreign article imported free of
duty.
I hold in my hand, and will send to the
Clerk's desk to be read, a letter from a prom-
inent ship-builder in Maine. This letter, I think,
sir, will convince the gentleman, the House,
and the country that he does not represent the
entire wishes of the ship-builders of the coun-
try in urging this drawback of the duty paid
on foreign copper. As the letter will show for
itself what this intelligent ship-builder thinks
of the proposition, I will suspend any further
remarks until it is read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Bath, Maixe, March 21,186S.
Sin: I take the liberty to write you on allowing a
drawback on foreign materials used in the construc-
tion ol vessels, as i am one ot those who are opposed
to the withdrawal of duties.
I have not written oui'Maine Senators, as they are
committed to the friends ot that measure. I will
briefly state my reasons. In the first place, it would
be unjust to those who have invested their money in
ships, and the reduction of duties entirely would
lessen the value ot theirproperty just so muchasthe
diawbaok wouid amount to. We have built m the
last lour years lour ships. The duties on the foreign
articles in them would be about torty thousand dol-
lars, and wo should lose that amount, because the
vessels would not sell for so much.
Another reason why theroshould bono encourage-
ment ot that kind is that there are more vessels now
built, and boing built, than are wanted.
The cotton crop is not halt what it was before the
war, when wehad fourmillion five hundred thousand
bales. Ships will do well enough, and can afford to
pay duties.
It seems to me nothing can be more suicidal than
the course of the friends of this drawback.
It would be as though woolen manufacturers, whose
interest is depressed, should ask Congress to take the
duties from machinery or materials made abroad as
a remedy for mills now idle, causing new mills to bo
built, because cheaper than the old ones. What
ship-owners now want is profitable business for the
vessels they now have, and then we shall have a
healthy, not a hot-house, growth of ship-biiildmg.
Much complaint has been made of the decrease ot
American commerce without cause.
A large number of vessels were sold during the
war, and we got our money for them, and these Mis-
sels are now employed mostly in the same busiiress
that they would have been employed in under the
American flag; and the cry that our commerce is
dying outl think is only raised Because many of those
who have sold and now have their money in bonds
wish to have the privilege of building ships cheaper
than their neighbors, and when they can do it they
will sell and go to building again. To-day American
iron and chains are being used because they can be
bought cheaper than the foreign article. Give a
drawback, and every article that can be imported
will be, and the home manufactures that depend on
ships for their sale must stop. To show that ship-
building is not quite dead there are now prepara-
tions boing made to buiid on our river, the Kenne-
bec, about fifteen ships and barks, averaging about
one thousand tons each, and tlicy will be buiit, duty
or noduty; and if we cannot build them here they will
be built in other places. The number of ships that
will be built in this State the coming year 1 have no
meansof knowing, but I thmkit wilt be quite large,
full enough for the prospect ahead. There was a
time when 1 felt it would be well to have the duties
removed, but on reflection I am convinced it will bo
better for all concerned that tile duties remain as
they are.
Respectfully, yours, L. VT._ HOUGHTON,
of liowjfdon Urothcrs.
Hon. Z. Chandler.
P. S. In addition to other reasons why dutiesshould
not be taken off articles used in stiip-building, we
have a coastwise trade that foreign flags are not
allowed to participate in; and should it be left to
owners of vessels as a choice either to pay duties or
allow foreign flags to be employed in our coastwise
trade nine out of ten would prefer to pay duties.
* * * Wc had a short time since a meet-
ing of ship-builders in our city on this subject of
drawbacks, and I think not over half a dozen were
present from outside the city, showing that there is
little interest in the subject. II.
Mr. DRIGGS. Mr. Speaker, that letter so
fully expresses the whole question, and coming,
as it does, from a ship-builder in the Slate of
Maine, the gentleman's [Mr. Pike] ownState,
I shall say no more on the points to which it
refers. While, as it has been said by the gen-
tleman who preceded me, iron is protected by
a duty of about fifty per cent., copper is only
protected by a duty of five per cent. Sir, the
people representing this once prosperous and
now depressed American copper interest have
been here for the last two years praying and
begging Congress lo save them from utter ruin
by the imposition of a small increased duty.
They have sent here numerous petitions, more
numerous, as I believe, than has been done in
reference to any other interest.
They do not ask that full protection given to
other American productions ; they only ask
for twenty per cent. This, it is understood,
the Committee of Ways and Means is unani-
mously in favor of giving tliem, and I earnestly
believe the House will be in favor of conceding
this eminently just claim as soon as that com-
mittee shall report the bill to the House for its
action. The gentleman from Maine hasstated
that a very small amount of copper is used in
ship-building. Mr. Speaker, this is either a
very careless statement or my information is
greatly at fault. I am informed by those who
claim to know, and I believe it is true, that at
least one third of all the copper used in the
United States is for copper bottoms and for
other necessary purposes in ship and steam-
boat building. And I will state another fact
for the information of the House, and particu-
larly for the gentleman from Maine, that the
State of Michigan not only pioduces three
fourths of all the copper used in the United
States, butthatitis capable of producing it all,
and of exporting with proper protection an
equal amount. Besides this, Mr. Speaker, the
State of Miehigau builds a greater amount of
tonnage in ships and steamboats annually than
does the State of Maine. But considering the
vast national interest of copper they do not
desire, any more than did the gentleman whose
letter has been read, that one source of na-
tional wealth shall be ruined to buildup another.
Iri view of all these considerations and facts,
it would not only be a manifest wrong, but an
extreme cruelty, for this House to pass the bill
introduced by the gentleman from Maine, for a
drawback of the duties on the copper used in
ship-building, and 1 earnestly trust that the
House will not consent to se manifest an injus-
tice, and that the bill will not pass. I regret
that I have not more time to urge my objec-
tions, and that I must now yield the balance
of my time to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Myers.]
Mr. MYERS. Ihavevery little to say about
this bill, but the mention of my name in con-
nection with the debate the other day, and a
few facts within my knowledge justify me in
saying a few words in regard to it. Petitions
are pouring in from all parts of the United
States for an increased protection to American
manufactures and American labor, and one
member after another is presenting those peti-
tions, and yet at this very time, apparently in
a single interest and with no argument that it
will benefit all interests, a bill is introduced
very specious upon its face, but absolutely
conflicting with all or most of those petitions.
I have no objection to the first section of
this bill. There is none that I know of. But
although I represent a ship-building interest,
a district largely engaged in ship-building,
there has come to me no voice in behalf of
such a measure as this, although it has been
published by the papers throughout the coun-
try. If any of my constituents who are engaged
in ship-building desired such a measure, I
believe I should have heard of it. I think that
those I represent hold views similar to those
expressed in the letter which has just been
read at the Clerk's desk. If we could protect
one interest without injuring others by this bill,
I, for one, should have no objection to it. But,
sir, I take it that in the section of country from
which the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Pike]
comes there are some persons engaged in man-
ufacturing chains; there are some persons
engaged in manufacturing anchors; there are
some engaged in manufacturing cordage ; yet
all those interests are to be stricken down,
because as to them this measure is free trade.
The drawback allows the ship-builder to import
all these articles free of duty; that is, the duties
are to be paid, but he gets them back. There
are also manufacturers of machines and work-
ers of iron that enters into the construction of
vessels, to say nothing of the copper interest
so ably represented by my friends from Mich-
igan. Yet of all these interests are to a certain
extent to be stricken down, without appearing
to do so, by the second section of this bill.
If, Mr. Speaker, we may protect the ship-
building interest in this way, why may not the
same reasoning be applied to every other inter-
est in the land which needs the same resusci-
tation? My district is, to a certain extent, a
ship-building district, and the city I in part
represent is a commercial city, and while to a
certain extent commerce has declined, it has
been because of causes beyond our control,
because of the war. But, with proper energy
and enterprise, such as that displayed at Bal-
timore, of which my friend from Maryland [Mr.
Phelps] boasted the other day, our vessels will
soon sweep across the ocean as they did before.
1 believe that ships will be built as enterprise
is brought forward. I believe that this inter-
est needs no more protection than other inter-
ests, and that no sliip-builder would care to
strike down these other interests merely for
the sake of the benefit of the drawback herein
provided.
What are we asked to do ? For the sake ot
a certain number of ship-builders, in order
that they may get their lumber and cordage
and chains and anchors and their labor from
Canada cheaper than they can now do, this
provision is to be put upon the statute-book to
the detriment of many other important inter-
ests of the country.
My friend from Maine, [Mr. Pike,J m his
