1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the Union cause, in the support of which he
has been consistent from that hour to this. By
his labors in that cause he has commended
himself to every Union man in the State of
South Carolina. He received in his district
the hearty support of all the Union men, his
majority being larger than that of any other
man who has coine here from the southern
States; and that class who, though poor and
ignorant and downtrodden, have instincts as
true and unbeguiled as any other class of men
in the country, gave him to a man their sup-
port. He comes here with the certificate of the
Governor of his State ; and under theact of
Congress to which I have referred he is on a
level with us all. His admission to his seat
cannot justly encounter any legal objection nor
any objection founded in that broad, generous,
liberal statesmanship which is demanded by the
necessities of the times, and which, if pursued
steadily, honestly, faithfully, without malice
and without favor, will bring about a healing
of the wounds of the nation and restore this
Union to its health and prosperity. I hope
there will be no further objection to the
admission of this man to his seat.
I demand the previous question on agreeing
to the report of the Committee of Elections
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WARD. Mr. Speaker, does this report
embrace any other case than that of Mr.
Bowen?
The SPEAKER. It does not.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. C. C. Bowen presented himself at the
Speaker's desk, and was duly qualified by tak-
ing the oath prescribed by the act of July 11,
18(58.
message from toe president.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. W. G. Moore, his Private Sec-
retary, announced that the President, had on
the 20th instant, approved and signed bills and
joint resolutions of the following titles :
An act (II. li. No. 605) making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing the 30th of June, 18(59 ;
An act (H. It. No. 818) making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1869, and
for other purposes ;
An act (H. It. No. 1353) for the removal of
certain disabilities from the persons therein
named;
An act (H. It. No. 670) granting a pension
to Thomas Connelly;
Joint resolution (II. R. No. 201) in relation
to the lioek Island bridge;
An act (H. R. No. 1119] for the registration
or enrollment of certain foreign vessels;
An act (H. R. No. G02) granting a peusion to
the widow and children of George It. Waters;
An act (H. It. No. 938) to authorize the
sale of twenty acres of land in the military
reservation at Port Leavenworth, Kansas;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 341) for the
relief of Z. M. Hall;
An act (H. R. No. 1099) for the relief of
Wait Talcott;
An act (H. It. No. 550) providing for the
sale of a portion of the Port Gratiot military
reservation in St. Clair county, in the State of
Michigan;
An act (H. R. No. 666) granting a pension
to Henry H. Hunter;
An act (II. It. No. 669) granting a pension
to the widow and children of Myron Wilklow;
An act (II. R. No. 664) granting a pension
to the children of Charles Gouler;
Joint resolution (H. K. No. 338) exonerat-
ing certain vessels of the United States from
the payment of tonnage fees to consular
agents in Canada;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 331) to grant an
American register to the Hawaiian brig Vic-
toria ;
An act (H. R. No. 677) granting a pension
to the children of James Heatherly;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 281) authorizing
the issue of clothing to company F, eighteenth
regiment United States infantry ;
An act (li. It. No. 770) granting a pension
to J ohn H. Finlay;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 292) directing
the Secretary of War to sell damaged or unser-
viceable arms, ordnance,and ordnance stores;
An act (H. It. No. 201) declaratory of the
law in regard to officers cashiered or dismissed
from the Army by the sentence of a general
court-martial;
An act (H. R. No. 485) to aid the improve-
ment of the Des Moines and Rock Island
rapids in the Mississippi river ;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 326) for the
relief of Henry B. Ste. Marie ;
An act (II. R. No. 1081) for the relief of
John A. Neustaedter ;
An act ( H. It. No. 631) amendatory of an
act approved July 26, 1866, entitled "An act
to authorize the construction of certain bridges
and to establish them as post roads
An act (H. R. No. 373) to place the name
of Mahala M. Straight upon the pension-roll
of the United States;
An act (H. R. No. 522) granting a pension
to W. W. Cunningham;
An act (II. It. No. 825) granting a pension
to John W. Hughes;
An act (II. It. No. 672) granting a pension
to the widow and children of Charles W.
Wilcox;
An act (H. R. No. 673) granting a pension
to Safi'rona C. Phelps, widow of John S.
Phelps;
An act (H. R. No. 456) granting a pension
to the children of Pleasant Stoops;
An act (II. It. No. 518) granting a pension
to George F. Gorham, late a private in com-
pany B, twenty-ninth regiment Massachusetts
volunteer infantry;
An act (II. R. No. 525) granting a pension
to Jeremiah T. Ilallett;
An act (II. It. No. 061) granting a pension
to the widow and child of William Craft;
Ah act (H. It. No. 773) granting a pension
to William H. McDonald ;
An act (H. R. No. 521) granting a pension
to Solomon Zachman;
An act (H. It. No. 663) granting arrears of
pension to Cyrus It. Wood, legal representa-
tive of Cyrus D. Wood, deceased;
An act (H. R. No. 670) granting.a pension
to the widow and children of Andrew Holman;
An act (II. R. No. 771) granting a pension
to John D. Lay;
An act (II. R. No.^ 675) granting a pension
to the widow and child of Cornelius L. Rice;
An act (II. It. No. 1080) for the relief of
Edward B. Allen ; and
An act (II. It. No. 1284) imposing taxes on
distilled spirits and tobacco, and for other
purposes.
improvement of falls op st. antii0n7.
Mr. DONNELLY. I submit the following
conference report.
The Clerk read as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses oil the amendment of the
Senate to the bill (II. R. No. 554) making a grant
of land to the State ot,Minnesota to aid in the
improvement of the navigation of the Mississippi
river, having mot, after tall and free conference
have agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to
their respective Houses, as follows:
That the House recede from its disagreement of
the Senate, and agree to the same.
I. DONNELLY,
W. XLUA'UEN,
Manayer s on the pat t of the House.
ALEXANDER RAMSEY,
T. A. HENDRICKS,
S. C. POJIBltOY,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. Speaker, I will
detain the House but a few minutes to explain
this report, so that members may vote under-
standing!^ upon it. This House passed a
bill granting two hundred thousand acres of
land to improve the Mississippi river between
the Falls of St. Anthony and the city of St.
Paul. The Senate amended the House bill by
giving one hundred thousand acres additional.
The amendment was as follows:
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That there be, and
hereby is, granted to the State ot Minnesota!, the
further quantity of one hundred thousand acres of
publie lands, subject to the same restrictions as to
selection andsaleasare herein before named, the pro-
ceeds whereof shall be used in making' such improve-
ments in the Mississippi river at the Balls of St.
Anthony as may be deemed necessary by tho. Legis-
lature of said State to protect and sccure the exist-
ing navigation immediately above said falls.
This action of the Senate was based upon the
report of General Warren, of the United States
Army, who has been in charge of the surveys
and improvements of the Upper Mississippi
river. The closing words of the report are as
follows."
"After the flood of July, 1867. four hundred feet
having been washed away in onefiood, notwithstand-
ing the attemptto prevent it. Onemore like freshet
would probably destroy the falls, for only one thou-
sand feet of the magnesian limestone remains, and
its thickness diminishes as the recession goes on;
it was eighteen feet thick at the crest in 1866, and at
the present position of the crest of the falls it is
about eight feet thick; henee the present pressing
emergency."
General Warren farther states la this report
as follows:
"So that when the action of the stream has de-
stroyed all that remains of the hard layer bat a few
days will bo nccessary to lower the bed and produce
a continuous rapid far above, not merely destroying
the present water-power, but a long reach of naviga-
ble channel."
That is to say, a navigable channel, running
into my State and district, eighty miles in
length.
The committee of conference were appointed
on the part of the House, as they necessarily
had to be, in opposition to the amendment;
nevertheless, when they examined into the
whole subject, they concluded to recommend
to the House to recede from its disagreement to
the Senate amendment and agree to the same.
It is on that recommendation we are now called
upon to vote. The fund arising from the grant
would, I am informed, be butasmall amount of
the sum necessary to make this improvement.
By the estimate of Mr. Cook, the deputy engin-
eering officer of General Warren, it will cost
$240,000, and this grant would yield but
$125,00ft. The balance will haveto be sup-
plied by the municipalities bordering on the
stream, by the State itself, or by private enter-
prise.
Mr. Speaker, with this eighty miles of navi-
gation involved and at stake we could properly
come before the House and ask for a money
grant. We haVe not done so. We ask simply,
and I desire the House to understand the prop-
osition, for a grant of one hundred thousand
acres of land within the limits of the State of
Minnesota. In the next place we provide that
this laud shall be distributed in one section to
each township over the whole unsettled region
of that State ; and I may say that one half of
the area of that Slate is yet unsettled, many
millions of acres being unsurveyed. From that
public land we propose to take one hundred
thousand acres. We go still further ; not de-
siring to interrupt the settlement of the coun-
try, we provide that this land shall be sold to
actual settlers at $1 25 per aero. The proceeds
shall go to the company, the land shall go to
the settlers. We are in favor of publie improve-
ments as well as actual settlements. We there-
fore provide that settlers may take this land
and pay over to the State $1 23 ail acre, and
the State shall pay the proceeds for this im-
provement. This is in conformity with that
very righteous and proper policy inaugurated
in this House by my friend from Ohio, [Mr.
Lawuexce.]
Mr. WELKER. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask a question?
Mr. DONNELLY. Certainly.
Mr. WELKER. I want to kow whether this
bill which proposes to give to the State of
Minnesota this large land grant to improve the
Mississippi river has ever had the considera-
tion of the Committee of Commerce or this
House ? It strikes me that it is a subject-mat-
ter that ought to be regulated entirely by that
committee, and ought not to be presented ia
