mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jul j. 20^
the form in which it now comes before the
House.
Mr. DONNELLY. I will say, in answer to
the gentleman, that this bill does not propose
to give money, but land. It has, therefore,
been properly referred to the Committees on the
Public Lands of the House and Senate. If wo
had referred it to the Committee on Commerce,
and they had proposed to give land, the gen-
tleman might very properly have made an
objection that it should go to the Committee
on the Public Lands.
One word more. I understand the chairman
of the Committee on Commerce, [Mr. Wasii-
burnte, of Illinois,] whom I do not now see in
his seat, has expressed himself favorable to
this grant. I speak now of the grant as it
originally passed the House.
Mr. VVELKER. The gentleman says tlrat this
matter was considered by the Committee on the
Public Lands. I desire to ask liim whether he
has the concurrence of even a majority of the
members of the Committee on the Public
Lands for this additional one hundred thousand
acres appropriated by the Senate amendment?
And in regard to the gentleman's statement
that this is not an appropriation of money, but
of land, which, of course, we all know to be
the fact, I would suggest that as this relates to
the improvement of a river it ought not to be
reported upon by the Committee of Commerce.
It seems to me 110 gentleman ought to ask of
this House an appropriation of either land or
money, particularly l'or an improvement in his
own district, without having the proposition
examined by the Committee on Commerce,
which has control of appropriations of money
for such purposes.
Mr. MAYNARD. Did not this come origin-
ally from the Committee on Commerce?
Mr. DONNELLY. Iteame from the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands. I want it understood
that this is a bill proposing a grant of public
land. It, was referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands, and met the concurrence of
every member of that committee except its
chairman, [Mr. Julian,] and he has stated,
as will be found recorded in the Globe, that it
was a measure to which little objection could
be made, but that he voted against it upon
general principles.
Mr. \\ ASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am in-
formed that the gentleman from Minnesota
lias stated that I was in favor of the original
proposition. I desire to say he has no author-
ity for quoting me iu favor of,it. When the
bill was passed 1 was out of my seat, and of
course did not vole for it.
Mr. DONNELLY. I may be in error, but
I understood distinctly that the gentleman was
in favor of that proposition ; nay, that he was
in favor of going further and appropriating the
money of this government to make this im-
provement. I believe he so stands recorded
in a letter which is 011 the files of this House,
which was written to a newspaper in my dis- I
triet, and that he objected, if at all, to this
bill because it was not stroug enough, and did
not go far enough ; and that it ought to have
given money and not land. No w,if we came here
asking money, I grant you that the objection
of the gentleman from Oiiio [Mr. Welkek]
would bo good, that the bill ought to go to the
Committee 011 Commerce; but being a land
grant, to what other committee could it prop-
perly go than to the Committoe on the Public
Lands?
Now, one word in regard to the objection
which comes from some gentlemen against
granting lands for such improvements as this.
I do not wonder at it as coming from gentle-
men from the eastern States, where a state of
affairs is found totally different from that which
exists in the West. 1 can only say to tl'ie gen-
lleinen that if they lived ill the undeveloped
West, in a community where land is almost
nothing and population is everything, they
would take a different view of this question.
We are not proposing this measure iu the in- :
terest of speculators. Tins grant goes to the
Slate of Minnesota, to be disposed of by its
Legislature. Neither I uor any of my asso-
cates on this floor, or on the floor of the Sen-
ate, have any interest in this matter except
as citizens of that State. Nay more, we rep-
resent the wishes of our people iu this matter,
and the best proof of that is the indorsement
we have received at the hands of the people.
In my own case, while 1 have been clamoring
here for years for land grants for railroads
aud other improvements in my State, I have
been sustained by increased majorities. In two
years my majority was very nearly doubled in
my district. Our people who cast those votes
are not speculators; they are not land sharks;
they are honest settlors, farmers, men engaged
in developing the country. If this policy was
not wise and right, do you think we would press
it here, or do you think we would be indorsed
if we did press it here V
Mr. WELlvER. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him another question ?
Mr. DONNELLY. Tes, sir.
Mr. WELKER. Will the gentleman state to
the House about how much of public lands
remain unappropriated or not granted away in
the State ot Minnesota? I understand nearly
all the good aud most valuable public lauds
we have in that State have been granted away
with the exception of about the amount pro-
posed to be covered by this grant.
Mr. DONNELLY. The gentleman is in
error. If he will come out there with his en-
tire family 1 will guarantee one hundred aud
sixty acres for each member of it under the
homestead law. We have made appropriations
of seven million acres of land to railroads ill
the State of Minnesota. That looks like an
enormous aggregate, it would be 111 the State
of Rhode island. But we have a State as
large as Pennsylvania and New York com-
bined, a State with fifty-three million acres.
Mr. WELKER. The gentleman does not
answer my question. 1 speak of public lands.
I know there is a great deal of land in Min-
nesota : 1 am perfectly aware of that.
Mr. DONNELLY. I speak of public lands
also.
Mr. WELlvElt. I want to know how much
unappropriated public land tlieie is there ?
Mr. DONN liLLY. The umipp l'opriated
public lands in Minnesota amount to many
millions of acres. Let me give an instance : it
was proposed to obtain a laud grant for a road
running through one strip ol country twenty
miles wide, from Taylor's falls to the State
line. I wrote to the Commissioner of Public
Lands, and he wrote me that there were nearly
a million acres on that route alone. Half of
our State is not yet settled, aud we came here
asking for this pittance, this paltry amount of
one hundred thousand acres taken out of our
own State, l'or which we are answerable to our
own people, and we are met with all these ob-
jections. It is not fair; it is not just. There
should be some confidence reposed by members
in one auother, and if men come here and ask
these things for their Stale it is lair to presume
thai the State indorses it aud thai il is right. 1
am unwilling further to delay the House, and
1 demand the previous question.
Mr. GARY. 1 move to lay the report of
the committee of conference on the table.
Mr. PIKE. 1 desire to say a word upon
this question.
Mr. DONNELLY. I yield to my colleague
on the committee of conference.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
yield after demanding the previous question.
Mr. DONNELLY. 1 withdraw the demand
for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. CaiiyJ withdraw the motion to lay
on the table?
Mr. GARY. 1 will do so for a moment to
allow the gentleman from Maine to be heard,
but will renew it immediately.
Mr. MULLINS. 1 hope not until I make
a few remarks.
Mr. PIKE. I was upon this conference
committee, bul was unable to concur with the
majority iu the result to which they came; and
as the gentleman from Minnesota has given
reasons why the report should be adopted, it
is proper for me to say a word or two giving
the reasons why I did not concur in the report.
The bill originally provided for a grant to the
State of Minnesota of two hundred thousand
acres of land to be sold at $1 25 an acre for
the purpose of improving the Mississippi river
in that .State. It was passed by both branches
somewhat in derogation of the ordinary rule,
as the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Welkisuj
has said, because all these improvements in
rivers and harbors have in other instances
come from the Committee on Commerce and
been incorporated in the river and harbor bill.
The Senate made an amendment to the.
bill, granting one hundred thousand acres of
land lor the purpose of preventing the further
wasting away of the Falls at St. Anthony. It
seems that these falls have been seriously in-
jured within the last two or three years, and
there is great danger that the limestone of which
they are composed will wash away and make
a series of rapids for some distance down the
river, and, of course, very seriously injure the
water-power at St. Anthony. The question is
whether the United States Government shall
interpose, or whether the individuals interested
in the two nourishing towns of Minneapolis and
St. Anthony, and the individuals interested in
the water-power and the machinery on. that
water-power, shall repair these damages. It
is estimated that it will cost about one hundred
thousand dollars to secure these falls. The
river at that point  
Mr. DONNELLY. I beg to interrupt the
gentleman. 1 have stated, upon the estimates
of the deputy of General Warren, that it would
cost $240,000.
Mr. PIKE. I gave the estimate wnich was
given to me by a party interested in this water-
power. The question is whether the patties
there on the spot or the General Government
shall contribute. It seems to me to be but a
simple private euterprise ; and as private inter-
ests are to be benefited by it they should con-
tribute to it, and not the General Govern-
ment. The Mississippi river at that point is
not larger than several rivers iu my State,
where individuals have built dams across rivers,
aud thereby created water-power for their own
use. In this case it needs but to steady the
natural water-power and to preserve the rock
in its natuial position, and the question before
the House is whether Congress shall make a
grant of land for this purpose, or whether the
individuals there shall make this improvement
for themselves. I have, with some reluctance,
concluded to disagree with the report of the
committee ol couierence, because several per-
sons living iu those towns were formerly con-
stituents aud good friends of mine. But it
seems to me that this is a case where the Geu-
eral Government should not be called upon.
Mr. SCOE1ELD. Are there any precedents
011 file where the Government undertook to
improve private pioperty?
Mr. PIKE. I know of 110 such precedents.
Mr. CAltY. I renew the motion to lay 011
the table the report of the committee of con-
ference.
Mr. DONNELLY. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Cauy] yield to mo to make a brief
reply to the statements of the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Pike?]
Mr. CAltY. _ I prefer not to yield. I think
we nave had discussion enough on this subject.
Mr. DONNELLY. I desire but a, moment
or two to correct some misstatements.
Mr. CARY. V ery well; I will withdraw the
motion for teat purpose.
Mr. DONNELLY. The first pointl would
make in reply to the gentleman is this: that
"s. appropriation to improve the
navigation of a river, but it is an appropriation
to preserve au existing navigation. It is, there-
lore, a Uiifereutcase trom almost any that has
come before this Congress.
In the next place, as to the question of pri-
vate interest, it is true that private interests
may be benefited by the passage of this bill.
