2208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 28,
been proposed. The House will remember
that the reconstruction act only excluded from
the right of suffrage those men who were to be
excluded from the right to hold office by the
proposed fourteenth amendment to the "Con-
stitution. The House will also remember that
a large number of the menibersof the conven-
tion elected themselves as registrars, and struck
off and put on the names of voters, and were
themselves candidates for office under this con-
stitution. I suggest to the gentleman this
proviso:
_ Provided^ That no man shall be deprived of tlio
right to register and vote in the county where he re-
sides for or against the ratification of the proposed
constitution, and for all officers to be elected there-
under, except such as are prohibited from holding
office by virtue of the third articlc of the proposed
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United State?: And provided further. That no man
who is a caadiilato for any office under the proposed
constitution shall either act as register, or as an offi-
cer of the election, or shall in any manner take part
either in determining who shall have tho right to
vote, who have voted, or how tho fact of his right
shall be determined, and any interference or at-
tempted interference by any candidate for any office
, •- jn any of these respects shall render the election of
tf such candidate null and void, and all votes cast for
him shall, so far as he is concerned, bo nullities.
That will give the people of Alabama a fair
chance to determine whether or not they in
fact desire this constitution. Only 70,000
have voted for it out of 170,000 registered
voters, while there are only 90,000 black men
in the State of Alabama, according to the
report of the assistant commissioner of the
Freedmen's Bureau, and 108,000 white men,
making a majority of 18,000 whites over the
blacks. The gentleman from Wisconsin says
that only 5,000 white men are disfranchised by
the provisions of the third section of the four-
teenth amendment, and he reports that the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bout-
well] says there are not more than 1,000; still
the fact is that only 90,000 colored men over
twenty-one years-of age present the singular
anomaly of having 93,548 registered voters,
while 108,000 white men, with only say 5,000
of them disqualified, are cut down to 72,746
registered voters. If the majority in favor of
this constitution is as great as is contended
here, why not let the constitution go back,
pass such laws as will enable all to vote upon
it, and ascertain the truth of the allegations
on either side? My great objection to this bill
is that by it Congress undertakes to force upon
the people of Alabama a constitution as the
constitution of their choice, when the fact is
that less than a majority of the people of that
State whom you have allowed to vote have
declared themselves for it, and it has been in
fact rejected in accordance with the acts of
this Congress.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to modify the
substitute which I offered for this bill the other
day so that it will read as follows:
That the constitution framed by the convention of
Alabama, which was submitted for ratification by the
feople at an election commencing on the 4th day of
ebruary, 1868. is hereby declared to Be tho funda-
mental and organielaw for a provisional government
for the people of Alabama, so far as.the same is not
in conflict with the Constitution and laws of thcUiii-
£ ii ft the officers elected at said election
shall, on the 1st day of May, 1868, qualify as provided
m said constitution and the ordinances of said con-
vention, and immediately thereafter enter upon the
discharge of the duties of their respective offices.
dec. 2. And oe %t further enacted, That the Governor,
at any time after heshall have qualified and entered
upon the discharge of the duties of his offiec, may, by
proclamation, convene the Legislature chosen at said
election, ihc Legislature, when so convened, shall
possess all the power conferred by said constitution
which may not be in conflict with the Constitution
imdjaivs of the United States. And tho Legislature
is hereby further empowered to submit said consti-
tution to the qualified electors of Alabama for ratifi-
cation at such time or times as it may designate.
Ana said Legislature is also empowered, by a ma-
jority vote of each House, to submit the said consti-
tution, as framed by the convention, with or without
amendments proposed by the Legislature. And if
amendments bo proposed by tho Legislature they
shall be voted upon separately, and not in connec-
tion with the constitution as it came from the conven-
tion.
sec. 3 And be it further enacted. That whenever the
people, by a majority vote of the qualified electors
ot Alabama, qualified under the act of Congress of
March 2'3,18(57, to vote for delegates to frame a con-
stitution, and aotually voting upon such ratification,
shall have ratified a constitution submitted as afore-
said, and the Legislature of tho proposed State or-
ganization shall havo adopted theamondment to the
Constitution of the United (States proposed by the
Thirty-Ninth Congress, and known as article four-
teen, the constitution of Alabama may be presented
to Congress for its approval.
Sec. 4, And be it further enacted, That the district
commanders shall furnish all necessary aid in en-
forcing this act, and the act of March, 2,1867, entitled
"An act to provide for a more efficient government
for the rebel States/' and the acts supplemental to
and amendatory thereof shall remain in full force iu
Alabama, except as modified by this act, until Ala-
bama shall be restored to representation in Con-
gress.
Mr. MILLER. Mr. Speaker, the bill re-
ported a few days since from the Committee on
Reconstruction, through their chairman, [Mr.
Seevexs, of Pennsylvania,] 1 considerof great
importance. The preamble sets forth that—
Whereas the people of Alabama, in pursuance of
the provisions of an act of Congress entitled "An act
forthe nioreeffieieiil governmentof the lebelStates."
passed March 2, 1867, and the acts supplementary
thereto, have framed a constitution of State govern-
ment which is republican in form; and whereas at
an election commencing on the 4th day of February,
186S, a largo majority of tho legal voters of said State,
voting at said election, voted lor the adoption of said
constitution.
The first section provides—
That the said State of Alabama shall be recog-
nized and admitted as one of tho States of the United
States, and shall bo entitled to representation in
Congress, as soon as tho Legislature of that State, tho
members of which wei-o elected at the election men-
tioned in the preamble of this act, shall have duly
ratified the amendment to the Constitution of the
United States proposed by the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress, and known as article fourteen.
And the second section relates to the rights
of suffrage of citizens of the United States.
That bill, after considerable discussion, was re-
committed, and the committee, through Mr.
Farnswortii, one of its members, reported in
lieu thereof the bill which is now under con-
sideration, the preamble of which is the same
as that of the former bill. The first section
enacts—
That the said State of Alabama shall bo entitled
to representation in Congress as soon as the Legisla-
ture of said State, the members of which were elected
at the election mentioned in the preamble of this
act, shall have duly ratified tho amendment to the
Constitution of tho United States proposed by tho
Thirty-Ninth Congress, and known as article four-
teen.
And the second section provides—
That it shall be the duty of the commanding gen-
eral of tho military district in which Alabama is
included to notity the members of the Legislature of
sa,id State, chosen at tho election held in February,
1808, to assemble at the capital of said State within
thirty days attcr the passage of this act.
There are also two proposed amendments
printed and laid upon our desks, one of which
is proposed by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Baker,] which is in substance almost the same
as that reported by the committee, and the
other, proposed by the gentleman from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Poland,] which is asking that the
constitution be referred back to another vote
of the registered electors. I am opposed, Mr.
Speaker, to both these amendments. The one
proposed by Mr. Baker is not, in my opinion,
as good as that reported by the committee; and
as to'the one proposed by Mr. Poland, refer-
ring the matter back to another vote seems to
be unnecessary, as I will hereafter show. Sub-
sequently three additional amendments have
been proposed and printed, one of which is by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bixgiiam.] He
proposes to strike out the third section of the
bill reported through Mr. Farxsworth.
There may be some doubt whether the con-
ditions contained in this third section could be
strictly carried out, but I do not deem it neces-
sary to discuss that at this time, and am satis-
fied as to whatever the majority of this House
may do in regard to it. My main desire is to
have that as well as all the other late rebellious
States admitted to representation with as little
delay as possible. Another of these amend-
ments is by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mi*.
Spalding,] by which he proposes to strike out
all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu
thereof four sections which, amongotherthings,
pi*ovide for referring the constitution back to
the registered electors of Alabama, to be again
voted upon, and that of Mr. Stevens providing
for universal suffrage in said State. That how-
ever, is fully provided for in the bill reported
by Mr. Farxsworth. 1 have given the con-
stitution adopted by the convention of the State
of Alabama, and - submitted to the qualified
voters for ratification, (a copy of which has been
transmitted to Congress,) a careful examina-
tion, and I am satisfied that it is republican in
form, and the framers of it deserve not only
the thanks of Congress, but of the entire na-
tion, forthe able and cautious manner in which
it has been drawn.
There certainly can be no substantial objec-
tion urged against it, and if a change should be
subsequently deemed necessary a provision is
made for it in the constitution before us. But
it is contended on this floor_ that Alabama is
not in a condition to be admitted at this time
in accordance with the provisions of the act of
Congress of the 2d of March, A. D. 1867, en-
titled "An act to provide for the more efficient
government of the rebel States," and the sup-
plements thereto of the 23d of March, A. 1).
1807, entitled "An act supplementary to an act
entitled 'An act to provide for the more effi-
cient government of the rebel States,' passed
March 2, 1807, and to facilitate restoration,"
the fifth section of which (supplement) reads
as follows:
"That if, according to said return, the Constitution
shall bo ratified by a majority of the votes of tho
registered electors qualified as therein specified, cast
at said election, at least one half of all the registered
voters voting upon the question of such ratification,
the presidentof the convention shall transmit aeopy
of the same, duly certified, to the President of the
United States, who shall forthwith transmit thesame
to Congress, if then in session, and if not in session,
then immediately upon its next assembling; andifit
shall, moreover, appear to Congress that the election
was one at which all the registered and qualified
electors in tho State had an opportunity to vote freely
and without restraint, fear, or the influence of fraud;
and if the Congress shall be satisfied that such con-
stitution meets the approval of a majority of all the
qualified electors in the State, and if the said con-
stitution shall be declared by Congress to be in con-
formity with tho provisions of the act to which this
is supplementary, and the other provisions of said
act shall have been complied with, and the said con-
stitution shall be approved by Congress, the State
shall be declared entitled to representation, and
Senators and Representatives shall be admitted
therefrom as herein provided."
It will be seen that the above section pro-
vides that the Constitution must be ratified by
a majority of the votes of the registered electors,
"at least one half of all the registered voters
voting upon the question." It is said that the
whole number of registered voters in that State
is about 170,000, and of course the one half of
which would be 85,000. It is conceded that
one half of all the registered voters did not
vote upon the question of such ratification. It
appears by a letter from General Grant, in
answer to a resolution of this House, that
according to General Meade's report there had
been 71,817 votes polled, of which 70,812 were
cast in favor of the ratification of the consti-
tution and 1,00-5 against it, thus showing a
majority of 69,807 in favor of its adoption, and
which is 13,188 less than one half of the
reported registered vote. It is contended,
however, by some, that at least one half of the
actual registered voters in the State at the time
of the election did vote, inasmuch as after the
registration a large number left the State, others
died, and some were defectively registered, so
that by a proper correction full one half exer-
cised the right of voting. But suppose one
half did not votof it will be seen on exasmua-
tion of the reconstruction law that there is no
prohibition m the reconstruction act or sup-
plements thereto against the admission of Ala-
bama in case a majority of the registered elect-
ors should not vote on the question ; but that
act makes the admission imperative in ea~,« -
majority of the electors should vote and «r
tain otner conditions therein specified be com-
plied with, so that there is no ineonSL=u°"y
^ f?05^eSS passmS a law for the udnuJhl
of that State to representation when a laree
maioritv of thnsp
majority of those qualified electors that saw tu
nn t.hnt. nn^ooiAr.  .  , , ■
right w
made on the partof ttw who wwe opposed
on that occasion to exercise tlio ru/h* •'
favor of the ratification. 1!
*LSeem?LMr- SPe?te> that every effort w
