I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to the ratification of the constitution to prevent
a vote by a majority of those registered, and I
presume the main movers in this strategy for
a reduced vote were those who were disquali-
fied on account of their participation in the
rebellion; and if those who were qualified to
vote and opposed to the constitution neglected
to exercise the right it is not for them now to
complain. But it has been asked why was not
a larger vote polled by those said to be in favor
of the ratification? My answer, Mr. Speaker,
is that it appears that the proper accommoda-
tions were not provided, the polls having been
established at inconvenient distances from
many of the voters, so that it was very difficult,
especially for those who had to travel 011 foot,
to reach them ; and besides, there had been
heavy rains about that time, causing swollen
streams and making the roads in many places
almost impassible.
The supplement above referred to provides
that "there shall be an opportunity to vote
freely and without restraint, fear, or the in-
fluence of fraud." This part of the statute
seems not to have been fully complied with,
hence the reason why the vote was not larger.
I would have preferred if there had been a
^najority ofthe registered electors voting: still
1 see no good reason for putting the Govern-
ment. to the expense and the electors to the
great inconvenience of another voting 011 this
question. It was a great mistake to have in-
serted in the reconstruction acts such a clause
as to require at least one half of the registered
voters voting upon the question of ratification.
As a general rule in almost all cases a majority
of those voting control in an election, anil why
a different rule should have been established
in this case I cannot imagine, for there is no
compulsion for electors to vote, and why should
their staying away from the polls be the means
of preventing a majority of the votes polled
from prevailing? But Congress has recently
removed that defect in the reconstruction acts,
so far as regards future voting in the unrecon-
structed States, so that a majority of the votes
cast shall govern. This latter act, after having
passed both Houses of Congress, was sent to the
Presidentforhis approval, but he neither signed
nor vetoed it, and let it become a law by neg-
lecting to return the same within ten days. So
that it would be folly to require Alabama to
vote over again on the question of the ratifi-
cation of its constitution, and certainly those
who willfully stayed away from the polls have no
right to complain.
There is a wholesome provision in the re-
construction law that I deem of vast import-
ance as to the future welfare of this Republic,
and that is requiring of all these States as a
condition-precedent to representation in Con-
gress the ratification by their Legislatures of
the amendment to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States proposed by the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress and known as article fourteen. That
amendment settles the question as to who are
citizens, and extends to all the protection of
law and the apportionment of Representatives.
It also provides that the validity of the public
debt of the United States authorized by law,
including debts incurred for the payment, of
pensions and bounties for services in suppress-
ing the insurrection or rebellion, shall not
be questioned; and said amendment also de-
clares that neither the United States nor any
State shall assume or pay any debt or obliga-
tion incurred in aid of insurrection or rebel-
lion against the United States, or any claim
for the loss or emancipation of any slave, but
all such debts, obligations, and claims shall be
held illegal and void. This amendment being
ratified by three fourths of all the States of the
Union, there can be no question raised as to
whether a ratification by three fourths of the
States that did not claim to have seceded would
be sufficient; and then to change it would also
require three fourths of the States, which it is
not likely could ever be obtained; so the adop-
tion of this amendment makes our country safe
.against speculators and evil designing men,
who might be disposed to involve us by assum-
40tii Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 139.
ingthe rebel debt, and make us liable for slaves
emancipated, which would be ruinous.
As I have already said, Mr. Speaker, the
adoption of article fourteen is a condition-pre-
cedent to representation in the bill under con-
sideration. I am rejoiced to find that the dark
cloud that seemed to be hovering over us is
about being dispelled, and that the late rebel-
lious States are again taking their stand in the
Union, properly reconstructed, so as to pro-
tect life, liberty, and property. Then the gov-
erning of their States by military rule, with
which the Democratic members of this House
found so much fault, can be dispensed with,
unless it might be for a short time to prevent
obstruction to the enforcement of the civil law.
Had the southern people manifested the proper
spirit there would have been no occasion to
place over them military rule ; but under the
circumstances then existing it was the only
recourse left for Congress, and now, from pres-
ent indications, it can soon be dispensed with.
It has, Mr. Speaker, long been the desire of
the Republican members of the House that
these States should again be represented in
Congress, and every effort was employed on
our part to have that end accompli-.hcd as soon
as it eould be with safety to the Union. We
could not, without being derelict to duty, ad-
mit such representation until we had asufiicient
guarantee for the future. The nation has suffered
too much in the way of expenditures of money
and loss of hundreds of thousands of our bravest
young men to allow any State that had claimed
to secede and joined the rebellion to take its
stand in full fellowship in the Union until
thoroughly reconstructed, so as to render the
nation secure in the future. I do not agree
with thedoctriue that anyof.theso-ealled rebel
States were taken out of the Union by the re-
bellion and are now to be treated as conquered
provinces. I think such theory unsafe and one
that I have battled against ever since the ques-
tion was agitated, and if such doctrine should
be entertained by Congress it would involve
the country in inextricable difficulties.
But it may be said if they were not out of
the Union how can Congress insist on their
reconstruction? My answer is that by the re-
bellion they overthrew their State govern-
ments and were reduced to such a condition
as to render it impossible for the United States
to guarantee them a republican form of gov-
ernment. Hence, in order to accomplish that
a reconstruction policy was necessary in order
to subdue the rebellious spirit and afford ade-
quate protection to the citizens: and, in my
opinion, it would be unwise to adopt a theory
that might involve the country in difficulties
with citizens of foreign nations in regard to
the rebel debt. We have full authority under
the Constitution to regulate these States prior
to their admission to representation, without
adopting any doubtful policy, and had not a
large portion of these States listened to evil
advisers, they might have been admitted to full
fellowship with the other States long since, and
been in a more prosperous condition.
Mr. Speaker, I regret that one of my col-
leagues [Mr. Boybe] should exhibit so much
venom against the Republican party, which is
founded on the old Whig party, of which he
was at one time a member. He, in classic
style, denominates it—
"A party which ha^ not he=itated during three
years to wantonly perpetuate disunion, and to rob
the nation of the natural fruits ot peace; a party
which ?ccks to degrade the judiciary, destroy the
executive, and mui'der constitutional liberty for party
ends, may be expected to do anything else which
might be deemed necessary for the accomplishment
of the same objects."
Why, sir, if it had not been for the great
Republican party what would have become of
this Republic when leading men, during the
country's struggle for existence, promulgated
the abominable—I will not for the sake of
modesty say treasonable—doctrine that it a
State undertakes to secede there is no power
under the Constitution to prevent it, not-
withstanding the President is bound under that
instrument "to take care that the laws bo
faithfully executed ?" and it seems to me 110
good statesman or sound lawyer will contend
at this day that secession Js warranted under
the laws and Constitution of the Union. The
Republican party well deserves the credit, of put-
ting down the rebellion and saving the country..
When has that great party attempted to " per-
petuate disunion and rob the nation?" Why,
in article fourteen of the amendments to the
Constitution, proposed by the Republican party,
is the very salvation of the Union, and yet we
find that gentleman and his present party op-
posing it. We are charged by him with de-
stroying the Executive. The Executive no
sooner joined hands with the gentleman's party
than he became reckless and the friend of
rebels who sought to overthrow the country,
and became so emboldened that it was found
necessary to impeach him. We are also charged
with "murdering the Constitution! " Now,
sir, as to that we. as a party, have always
sought to sustain it in its purity, while the gen-
tleman and his party were endeavoring to pro-
tect those who in tho country's peril attempted
to destroy it.
I will say, in addition, Mr. Speaker, that
all the abuse of the gentleman and his party,
to which he clings with so much tenacity, will
not deter this side of tho House from doing its
duty, and hurrying the admission of repre-
sentatives in Congress from these ten States as
soon as it can possibly be done with safety to
the country, which, if reconstruction progresses
with a proper spirit on the part of citizens re-
siding therein, will be in a few months. I
would say to our friends this is no time to
stand upon technicalities; and as Alabama has
presented a fair case it is our duty to admit it,
and certainly it presents full as strong a claim
as did Kansas when it was admitted under'lhe
Wyandott constitution by the act of Congress
of January 23,1801. I will say, in conclusion,
Mr. Speaker, that it affords me great satisfac-
tion to find my venerable colleague, the chair-
man, [Mr. Stevexs,] is still able to battle
in the cause of reconstruction, and though,
through age, disease, and close application,
he has become somewhat enfeebled in body,
yet that gigantic intellect with which he has
been endowed by an all-wise Providence re-
mains as clear as the sun at noonday. I trust
that his health may be preserved so that he
may be enabled to join in welcoming to repre-
sentation those erring States by admitting to
seats on this floor loyal Representatives, which
God grant may be within the coarse of a few
months.
Mr. BINGHAMobtained the floor, and said:
I yield twenty minutes of my time to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Williams.]
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I shall
vote against this bill, as I did against the recent
amendment of the reconstruction acts; and in-
asmuch as in so doing I shall probably be found
at variance with many of my political friends, I
crave the privilege of stating in as few words
as possible the reasons that have brought me
to this conclusion.
The arguments upon which the present meas-
ure rests—as did the other—are substantially
these:
1. That it is essential to the settlement of th'e
nation that we should not only invite but com-
pel the rebel States to come in and sit down
at the board we have so generously spread for
them, at all hazards and in tho shortest possible
time;
"2. That the rule which required a majority
of the registered voters to accept the invita-
tion was a profound error in policy ; and
3. That the loyal people of Alabama were
intimidated by threats, and deterred by foul
weather, from signifying their desire to respond
to the importunate instances of those who were
pining so greatly for their return.
I11 the first place, then, while I am as anxious
as any man to see this Union restored, I do not
agree that it is either essential or wise that
these people should be compelled to enjoy its
privileges, and share in its Government, against
their will. I am not one of those who think
