THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IP
Stop a moment.
Meet the question
Answer. The removal—
Mr. Manager BUTLER,
Do not get it in indirectly.
man fashion, please.
Mr. STANBERY. "What did it relate to ?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Thatgivesthesub-
stance of it. I object. Meet the question.
Mr. STANBERY, (to the witness.) Did it
relate to the occupation of the War Depart-
ment by Mr. Stanton ?
The Witness. It did.
Question. Now, what was it?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Stop a moment.
We object. We ask that it be put in writing.
By Mr. Stanbery :
Question. What conversation passed between
you and the President ?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Excuse me. I
asked to have the question in writing. Shall I
have it ? I have three times attempted, and
each time failed.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The counsel will
please reduce the question to writing.
The question, having been reduced to writ-
ing, was handed to and read by the Secretary,
as follows:
In thnt interview what conversation took place be-
tween the President and you in regard to the removal
of Mr. Stanton?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. To that we object.
I suppose we can agree on the day. That must
have been the 14th of January last. On the
10th Mr. Stanton was reinstated; and the 14th,
if it was the day after, would be the date.
Mr. STANBERY, (to the witness.) Can
you give us the day of that conversation, Gen-
eral?
The Witness. Yes, sir. [Consulting a mem-
orandum.] Accordingto a memorandum which
I hold Mr. Stanton reentered on the possession
of his officc of Secretary of War on Tuesday,
the 13th. Monday was the 12th, Tuesday the
13th. The conversation occurred on Wednes-
day, the 14th of January.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. _ The Chief Justice
thinks the question admissible within the prin-
ciple of the decision made by the Senate relating
to a conversation between General Thomas and
the President; but he will put the question to
the Senate, if any Senator desires it.
Mr. CONNESS. On that I ask for a vote
and for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. We should like
to hear the grounds on which the offer is made
stated.
Mr. STANBERY. The Managers ask me to
state the grounds upon which we expect this
testimony  
Mr. Manager BUTLER. No, sir.
Mr. STANBERY. What, then?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I ask you simply
for the ground on which you put it—not the
testimony ; the grounds on which you can put
in any possible declaration, not the declara-
tion itself.
Mr. STANBERY. This ground: we ex-
pect to prove by General Sherman  
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I object, sir. I
have not asked that.
Mr. STANBERY. Is it not admissible to
say what we expect to prove ?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. No, sir; that is
to get before the court, Mr. Chief Justice 
Mr. STANBERY. " Get before the court I"
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Get before the
court or the Senate—that I should fall into bad
habits sometimes is not wonderful, [laughter]
—it is to get before the Senate the testimony
by statements of the counsel. The question
wholly and solely is whether the declarations
of i he President can be given in evidence.
What those declarations are, in my judgment,
it would be improper to state and unprofes-
sional to state, because that is begging the
whole question and attempting to get them
before the Senate and the country by the re-
cital of the counsel. That never is permitted.
The sole question is, whatever the declarations
are, if any possible declaration can be compe-
tent at that time. If the declaration asked for
can be competent you may assume that .any
possible conversation can be competent, and
then we will assume that this 
Mr. STANBERY. Exactly; then you come
to the point.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. That this can be,
and therefore there is no occasion to state
what it is.
Mr. STANBERY. Take it in that way, any
possible declaration can be evidence. Do you
propose to argue this ?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. We do not want
to argue it.
Mr. STANBERY. We do.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. If the Senate will
vote that it is competent we cannot alter it by
argument.
Mr. STANBERY. Mr. Chief Justice and
Senators, the testimony which we expect to
elicit from General Sherman I look upon as
vital upon the question of intent, as testimony
we arc entitled to have upon legal grounds
perfectly well settled and perfectly unanswer-
able. 1 can say now in argument, I presume,
what I expect to prove. "If," says the honorable
Manager, "any declarations you choose to call
out are admissible, you may make them as
strong as you please—imagine any that you
please—and still no declaration of the Presi-
dent made on that 14th of January can be
admitted here!"
Now, first of all, what is the issue here?
Let the Managers speak for themselves. I
first read from the honorable Manager who
opened this case, at page 94 of his argument.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. You read from
page 94 of the record, not of the argument.
Mr. STANBERY. The Manager said:
" Having shown that the President willfully vio-
lated an act of Congress, without justification, both
in the removal of Stanton and the appointment of
Thomas, for the purpose of obtaining wrongfully the
possession of the War Officc by force, if need be, and
certainly by threats and intimidations, for the pur-
pose of controlling its appropriations through its ad
interim chief, who shall say that Andrew Johnson is
not guilty of the high erirao and misdemeanors
charged against him in the first eight articles?"
Again, on page 109, speaking of the orders
of removal:
"These and his concurrent acts show conclusively
that his attempt to get the control of the military
force ot the Government, by tile seizing of tho De-
partment of War, was done in pursuance of his gen-
eral design, if it were possible, to overthrow the
Congress of the United States; and he now claims by
his answer the right, to control at his own will, for
the execution of this very design, every officer of the
Army, Navy, civil, and diplomatic servico of the
United States."
Again, on page 99:
" Failing in his attempt to get full possession of
the office through the Senate, lie had determined, as
he admits, to remove Stanton at all hazards, and
endeavored to prevail on tho General to aid him in
so doing. He declines. For that tho respondent
quarrels with him, denounces him in the newspapers,
and accuscs him of bad faith and untruthfulness.
Thereupon, asserting his prerogatives as Commander-
in-Chief, hccreatcs fuiewmihtarydcpartmentoftho
Atlantic. Ho attempts to bribe Lieutenant General
Sherman to take command of it by promotion to t lie
rank of general by brevet, trusting that his military
services would compel the Senate to confirm him.
" If tho respondent can get a general by brevet
appointed, ho can then by simple order put him on
duty according to his brevet rank and thus have a
general of the Army in command at Washington,
through whom he can transmit his orders and com-
ply with the act which ho did not dare transgress, as
he had appioved it, andget rid of the hated General
Grant. Slicrmanspimied tho bribe. Therespondent,
not discouraged, appointed Major General George
11. Thomas to the sarno brevet rank, but Thomas
declined.
"What stimulated tho ardor of the President just at
that time, almost three years after the war closed,
but just after the Senate had reinstated Stanton, to
reward military service by tho appointment of gene-
rals by brevet? Why did his zeal of promotion tako
that form and no other? There were many other
meritorious oflicors of lower rank desirous ol promo-
tion. The purpose is evident to every thinking mind.
He had determined to set aside Grant, with whom he
liad quarreled, either by force or fraud, either in
conformity with or in spite of the act of Congress,
and control tho military power of the country. On
the 21st of February—for all these events cluster
nearly about the same point of time—he appoints
Lorenzo Thomas Secretary of War and orders Stan-
ton out of tiie office. Stanton refuses to go; Thomas
is about the streets dcchu iiiis that ho will put him out
by force, ' kick him out.'1
But, still more closely to the point, we will
come to the testimony of intent, on page 2-31.
This is upon the introduction of the case of
Mr. Cooper. To show the intent of the Presi-
dent, the" learned Managers have gone back to
the fall of 1867, and begin their proof with an
intention commenced in the fall, carried along,
says the honorable Manager, to the very date
of the 21st of February, of the appointment of
Thomas. Mostofthe proof, he says," clusters
about that time," but it begins, he says, in the
fall; and he calls Chandler to prove what?
That Cooper was inducted into office by the
President, being his own Private Secretary, for
the purpose of carrying out what? His inten-
tion to get his own man first into the War
Office to control the requisitions there, and
then to get his own man into the Treasury De-
partment to meet those requisitions and to pay
them, and thereby control the purse as well as
the sword of the nation.
"Tho only question"—
says the learned Manager—
" is. is this competent, if we ean show it was one of
th o ways and means ? The difficulty that rests in the
minds of my learned friends on the other side is that
they cluster everything about the 21st of February,
1868. They seem to forget that the aet of the 21st of
February, 1868, was only theculminationof a purpose
formed long bofore, as in the President's answer ho
sots forth, to wit: as early as the 12th of August,
1867 " *
"To carry it out there are various things to do.
He must get control of the War Office; but what good
does that do if he cannot get somebody who shall be
his servant, his slave, dependent on his breath, to
answer the requisitions of his pseudo officer whom
he may appoint; and therefore he began when?
Stanton was suspended, and as early as the 12th of
December he had got to put that suspension and the
leasons fo* it before the Senate, andheknew itwould
not live there one moment after it got fairly consid-
ered. Now he begins. What is the first thing he
docs ? ' To get somebody in the Treasury Depart-
ment that will mind mo precisely as Thomas will, if
I can get him in tho War Department.' That is the
first thing; and thereupon, without any vaeanoy, ho
must malto an appointment. The difficulty that wo
find is that we are obliged to argue our ease step by
step upon a single point of evidence. It is one of
the infelicities always of putting in a case that sharp,
keen, ingenious oounsel can insist at all steps on im-
paling you upon a point of evidenco; and therefore
I have got to proceed a little further.
"Now, our evidence, if you allow it to come in is,
first, that he made this appointment; that this fail-
ing, ho sent it to the Senate, and Cooper was re-
jected. Still determined to have Cooper in, he ap-
pointed him ad interim, precisely as this ad interim
Thomas was appointed, without law and against
right,. We put it as a part of the whole machinery
by which to get hold, to get,if ho could, his hand into
tho Treasury of the United States, although Mr.
Chandler has just stated there was no way to got it
exceptby acquisition through theWar Department;
and at the same moment, to show that this was part
of the same illegal means,we showyou that although
Mr. McCulloch, the Secretary of the Treasury, must
have known that Thomas was appointed, yet the Pres-
ident took pains—we have put in the paper—to serve
on Mr. McCulloch an attested copy of tho appoint-
ment of Thomas ad interim, in order that he and
Cooper might recognize his warrants."
That is what they put in. They have got
that testimony for that purpose, as they say,
to show the intent of the President, began,
they say, as early as the 12th of August, 1867,
progressed in by the appointment of Cooper
in the fall of 1867, going all through the sub-
sequent time until it "culminated" on the
21st of February by at last finding the proper
tool to do this work in the War Office. He
was looking, according to the argument, for a
proper tool—for a servant—for one who would
do his bidding, and, forsooth, after a search,
he found the very man in what the Manager
has called "a disgraced officer."
Now, Mr. Chief Justice and Senators, and
especially those of you who are lawyers, what
case are they attempting to make against the
President? Not simply that he did certain
acts that would make him criminal, but that
he did these acts mala fide, with an unlawful
intent and criminal purpose. They do not
prove that purpose, or attempt to prove it, by
any positive testimony; but they say, "we
prove certain facts from which we raise a pre-
sumption that that was the purpose." It is
upon proof, founded on presumption, and such
proof is admissible, that the gentlemen rest
the essential part of their ease ; that is to say,
the criminal intent. Tliey prove certain acts
that may be criminal or stand indifferent, ac-
cording to the intent of the party. Then they
prove certain other acts and declarations which,
