152
SUPPLEMENT TO
as they say, raise the presumption that the
thing done, the order given, the appointment
made, was made with that criminal intent laid,
and they say, " we not only show that crim-
inal intent then, but," they say, "it was
conceived months before," and that all the
machinery was put in motion, and that the
President, from the 12th of August, 1867, was
pursuing that intent, looking for tools, agents
to carry out that intent, and it did not culmi-
nate until the 21st of February, 1868, although
the gentleman says most of the facts happened
to cluster about that period, but not all of
them.
This being so, Senators, what is the rule to
rebnt this presumption of intention? When
a prosecution is allowed to raise the presump-
tion of guilt from the intent of the accused,
by proving circumstances which raised that pre-
sumption against him, may he not rebut it by
proof of other circumstances which show that
he could not have had such a criminal intent?
Was anything ever plainer than that?
Why, consider what a latitude one charged
with crime is allowed under such circum-
stances. Take the case of a man charged with
passing counterfeit money. .You must prove
his intent; you must prove his scienter; you
must prove cirtMuastances from which a pre-
sumption arises; did he know the bill was
counterfeit. You may prove that ho had been
told so ; prove that ho had seen other money
of the same kind, and raise the intent in that
way. Even when you make such proof against
him arising from presumptions, hotf may he
rebut that presumption of intent from circum-
stances proved against him? In the first place,
by the most general of all presumptions, proof
of good character generally. That ho is al-
lowed to do to rebut a presumption—the most
general of all presumptions, not that he did
what was right ill that transaction, not that he
did certain things or made certain declara-
tions about the same time which explained
that the intent was honest, but going beyond
that through the wholo field of presumptions,
for it is all open to him, he may rebut the pre-
sumption arising from proof of express facts
by the proof of general good character, rais-
ing the presumption that he is not a man who
would have such an intent.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. We do not object
to that proof.
Mr. STANBERY. You do not!
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Put in his good
character.
Mr. STANBERY. Such a general thing as
that! And yet yon object to this?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Put in his good
character, and we will take issue on that.
Mr. STANBEHY. Now, what evidence is
a defendant entitled to who is charged with
crime where it is necessary to make out an
intent against him where the intent is not posi-
tively proved by his own declarations, but
where the intent to be gathered by proof of
other facts, which may be guilty or indifferent
according to the intent. What proof is allowed
against him to raise this presumption of intent ?
Proof of those facts from which themmd itself
infers a guilty intention. But while the pros-
ecution may make such a case against him by
such testimony, may lie not rebut the ease by
exactly the same sort of testimony? If it is a
declaration that they rely upon as made by him
at one time, may he not meet it by declarations
made about the same time with regard to the
same transaction ? Undoubtedly. They can-
not be too remote ; I admit that; but if they
are about the time, if they are connected with
the transaction, if they do not appear to have
been manufactured, then the declarations of the
defendant from which the inference of inno-
cence would be presumed are, under reason-
able limitations, just as admissible as the dec-
larations of the defendant, from which the pros-
ecution has attempted to deduce the inference
of criminal purpose. Now let us look at the
authorities on this point. In the trial of
Hardy, reportcdjn State Trials, volume twenty-
four, page 1065, Mr. Erskine, who defended
Hardy, called a Mr. Daniel Stuart as a witness.
The case is so fully in point that 1 will read
from it pretty largely:
" Mr. I'Jr.'Jdne. I call hack this gentleman only
for the purpose of asking him one question, which
I could, not with propriety ask him before; you
stated, in your tormcr examination, your personal
acquaintance with the prisoner at the bar, and your
transactions with him before; did your ever hear
him state what his plan of reform was?
" Yes, I have; he always stated it to be the Duke
of Richmond's plan, universal suffrage and annual
Parliaments.
" Was that said to you publicly, or in theprivacy of
confidcnce?.
"Itwassaid publicly. And he sold me some copies
of the Duke of Richmond's letter.
" Mr. Attorney General. 1 really mustobjectto this
sort of examination.
" Mr. Erskine. Then I will not defend this question.
I am persuaded your lordships will not refuse to the
unfortunate man at the bar that evidence which has
been received for every prisoner, under similar cir-
cumstances, from the earliest times of our history
to the present moment. I am sorry to consume the
time of the court, but if I am called upon 1 win re-
peat to your lordships, verbatim, from tho Stato Trials,
various questions, upon similar occasions, put by dif-
ferent prisoners, by consent of all the judges, alltho
attorney generals and so'licitorgenerals, andeounsel
for the Crown. I only wish to know whether the
question is objected to or not.
" Mr. Attorney General. It is.
"Mr. Ei shine. X will proceed, and I have much
more pleasure in doing it Ironi tho manner 111 which
the attorney general conducted himself recently, be-
cause the moment that it was stated as a proceeding
which, we thought, might be serviceable to tho pris-
oner, and consistent with the rules of evidence, he
instantly acceded to its production; therefore, inde-
pendent of satisfying your lordships, if 1 can satisfy
my learned friend that wo are in tho regular course,
i am persuaded he would bo sorry himself that this
prisoner should be deprived of the advantage which
all others have enjoyed."
Then this great advocate proceeds to give
the cases from the State Trials upon the point
that I am now considering—the declarations
of a prisoner as evidence ot his intent, whether
it were unlawful or lawful, in the matter as to
which he is charged.
I read from page 10(58 :
"Now, what is tho present case? Tho prisoner is
chained with theovert acts, winch I noed not repoat,
because wo are so well acquainted with the naturo
of them."
We are charged with overt acts in issuing
this order.
"But ho is not chargod with tho commission of
those acts as substantive acts, but ho is charged with
having in his mind tho wicked and detestable pur-
pose of aiming at, the distinction of the king, to put
down nnd bring the king to death, and that in the
fulfillment ot that most detestable imagination he
did the specific acts charged upon the record."
As we are charged here with intent, not to
put down the king, but to put down Congress,
and our detestable nets are to put a tool in the
War Department to control the requisitions,
and another tool in the Treasury Department
to get hold of the money.
Mr. Erskine continues:
"That is to say, that ho agreed to assemble a con-
vention to ho held which was not held—that he con-
spired to hold it, for the purpose ol subverting the
rulo and authority of tho country, and not thai aione,
but that ho consented to ho hi such convention, which
convention, in his mind, was to accomplish the pur-
pose of the subversion of the Government, and that
hedid agreeto assemble that convention for tho pur-
pose ot that subversion in fulfillment, not that tho
other is the consequence of it. but in fulfillment of
tho detestable purpose of compassing tho king's
death.
" Here, then, tho intention of tho mind is the ques-
tion which the jury have to try; and 1 think I may
appeal to what passed in tho court on Saturday, that
1 did not seek to lay down other rules of evidence
than those that havo been most recently stated, and
those that havo been determined in ancient times."
Now he comes to the cases:
"The counsel for Lord George Gordon were the
present Lord Kenyon, loid chief justice of the king's
bench, and myself, who have now tho honor to
, speak to tho court; nnd iwas permitted to ask tho
| llcv. Erasmus. JMiddleton (thofirst witness, and therc-
i lore his examination toll to me as junior in the case)
1 these questions—I should tell your lordships, to m jke
| it more intelligible, that the great object was to see
what intention Lord George Gordon had, which could
j be collected only from what passed before—'Did you,
i at anj; of these numerous meetings of this Protestant
Association, which you attended from the time Lord
, George Gordon became president of that society,'
! (which was two years before,) 'till the29thof May'"—
j That was the "culmination'' of Lord George
j Gordon's conduct:
| —"till the 23th of May; did yon ever hear Lord
! George Gordon, in his public speeches in that associa-
; ti.on, make u&o of any expressions which showed any
I disloyal or unconstitutional intentions in him?"
" Not in the least," says the witness ; " the
very reverse." Now, continues Erskine:
" Now. compare this with the question I am going
to ask ; a cunning, artful man might stand up in v,
Protestant association, and hold lorth great profes-
sions when ho meant thecontrary ; but no man who
reposes confidence in the bosom of a friend, bunding
himself upon the honor and honesty of his li-icnd,
when he tells him what his object is, will deceive
him. Good God! if I were to ask people, did not
Mr. Hardy, in the Corresponding Society, say that
theDuke of Richmond's plan was hisobject, he might
say it there, tor the purpose of its afterwards being
given in evidence, thathe had publicly avowed that;
if that may be asked, how is it possible to oppose the
other? The examination then goes on: 'Did all
his speeches, delivered as president, meet with your
approbation ; and did it appear to you that bis views
were the same as those of the whole associated
body?' 'Quiteso.' ' Did you ever hear Lord George
Goidon make use of any expressions as if he meant
to repeal this bill by force of arms?' 'Not in'the
least.' 'Were tho mootings open ?'and so on."
Again:
"The nest case I shall state is that of my Lord
Russell, who was indicted lor compassing the king's
death, and the overt act was consulting to raise
rebellion and to seize tho king's guards. la his
defense he called many persons of quality to speak
to his affection toward tho Government, and his de-
testation of risings against it—I will pause here a.
minute. Why, a man might have a groat deal of
affection to tho Government in tlic year 1780 and
might change upon the subject, but yet the criminal
law of England looks out industriously to sec how
it can interfere in iavor of liberty and life, not tiy-
mg how it can shut out the light, but how it can let
it shine in: even that question, which I do not think
one of thestrictest, was suffered to be let in, because
Dr. Burnet had had a long acquaintance wiih Lord
ltusseli, and Lord Russell might not havo conceived
the purpose of rebellion till a short time bctorc; but
I shall ask as to the time when they say this man's
mind was full of this conspiracy"—
As we do here;—the time of this intent; no
other time—
"but I shall ask, as to the time when they say this
man's mind was full of conspiracy, so horublo in its
nature, what were the sentiments which ho was
pouring into tho bosom ot his friend as tho object of
all these societies?
"'DoctorBurnet,' (says Lord Russell,) 'if you
please to give some account of my conversation?'
Doctor Burnet says: 'I havo had the honor to be
known to my Lord Russell several years, and he luuh
declared himself with much confidencoto me, and ho
always, upon all occasions, expressed himself against
all risings.' Now, this is not character to say that
Lord Russell was a quiet, peaceable man; no, this is
evidence of conversation; my Lord Kusscll declared
it so; therefore it is not that you are to raise a prob-
ability upon the subject by the general liatuie of a
man's chaiacter, or what you think of him; but it
shall bo allowed to witnesses to say what the person
trying has expressed, because it raises an intiinsio
improbability ot his being guilty ot the crime im-
puted to him. Doctor Burnet says: 'lie always ex-
pressed himself against all risings; and when he
spoke of some people that would provoke to it he
expressed himself so determined against that matter
I thmk no man could do more.'"
Now, what we expect to prove is, that, so far
from there being any intent on the part of the
President to select a tool to take possession
of that War Office, he asked first the General
of the Army, Grant, and when he failed him,
who next? The next most honored soldier
that we have, Sherman. He was a tool! It
was the President's purpose, they say, to put
a tool there! That was his intent, to find a
man who could take a bribe, by brevet perhaps,
and, having found such a man as that, put him
there! They say he did find such n, man in
Thomas, *'a disgraced officer." Well, if that
was his intent in the fall; if with that intent
ho put Cooper in the Treasury, it must have
been with that intent he would put Sherman in
tho War Office. Before he thought of Thomas
at all, before he thought of any snboidimVe,
he tpok one of the most honored officers of the
land, and said to him: " Gome now, take this
office; you are fit to be my tool—lake this
office, not to carry it on as you carried on this
great war, not to remain a trusted and honor-
able man, but to become my subordinate and
my tool!" Will the gentleman say that the
President at that time had an intent to seize
upon the requisitions of that Department, to
get a man there who would send an improper
requisition over to the Treasury, as he got a
man in the Treasury, as they say, to honor an
improper requisition—that the President had
put him there to drive Congress out of these
Halls, and that he intended to put Sherman
there to become his tool? Would the gentle-
man dare to say that ? Would the President, in
