2210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28.
that all that is necessary to restoration is the
outward presentment of it, in the reappearance
of the delinquents within these Halls, only per-
haps to embarrass our legislation and defy our
power, as heretofore. I want evidence that a
majority of them at least are sincerely desirous
to get hack, and that not for the purpose of
escaping from our military rule, but because
they have repented of their great crime and
feel, like the returning prodigal, an instinctive
yarning for the old roof-tree, and a reawak-
ening affection for the old Union that watched
over their cradles, and the old flag that their own
fathers would have died to defend from insult
or dishonor. Upon no other terms than these
would I desire to see them here, as upon no
other would it, in my opinion, be consistent
with the public safely or with sound states-
manship to readmit them, with no means of
retrieving a possible error that might prove to
be a fatal one.
And yet I fiud no such condition of things
in any of the rebel States. If there be any
considerable number of white men there, who
have any conviction of wrong, any sense of
contrition for what they have done—beyond
that feeling of remorse which smote the hearts
of Satan and his peers only because their
enterprise had failed—or any honest regard for
that UniOn which they so lately endeavored to
destroy, I have not seen the evidences of it.
Too proud even to enact the part of the hypo-
crite in the presence of those who seemed to
wish to be deceived, they have not, I think,
made, and certainly not paraded, any preten-
sion of loyalty beyond the reluctant declara-
tion that they submit to the necessities of their
condition, which is precisely the standard that
the apostate President had pi-escribed, and no
more. So long as they were without hope
they were humble, it is true ; but who does not
know that with every glance of encourage-
ment from the Executive of this Government
their visors have been lifted, and their uncon-
quered pride and unrepented diabolism re-
vealed anew? And this was natural. The
monsters who could be capable of starving and
shooting their own captive brethren in cold
blood were not to be reclaimed to love or even
humanized by chastisement. If the appearances
had been even otherwise the statesman must
have felt that, after a fiveyears' wanton, unpro-
voked, and barbarous war, such as these men
had waged against us, those appearances re-
quired to be scrutinized before being trusted,
because they were unnatural. But with these
great facts flashed again and again into our
eyes, it passes all comprehension with me
how any cautious, reflecting man should think
for a moment of compelling these incorrigible
malignants into an association of power with
a people whom they hate, and a Government
they will spare no effort, as they have spared
none heretofore, to destroy ; and this, too, in a
case where there is 110 apology for haste, as
there never can be in great affairs of State;
where we can afford to wait if they can ; where
we can control them outside, and shall only
break our scepter by letting them in to defy us
as before. I doubt whether there is a Govern-
ment 011 earth that would take such a risk as
this, except it may be our own. It was not
certainly thus that imperial Rome maintained
her conquests over the barbarian world.
Nor am I ready to agree that the rule which
required a majority of the registered votes
was an erroneous one. I voted for it, and
against its repeal. I did not then, and do not
now, believe that to give to a minority of the
people, whether white or black, the power to
construct a government for the whole is to
fulfill Ihe constitutional guarantee of a repub-
lican government, of which I supposed the ma-
jority principle to bean essential feature. The
argument that the refusal of a majority to vote
in such a case is either evidence of assent or
only a default which may be punished by giving
the rule to a wakeful minority does not satisfy
me. it strikes me only as a flimsy sophism,
resting on a false analogy. In a State which
has a government, and that a loyal one, the
reasonable presumption is that the man who
declines to exercise his privilege of suffrage
is willing to trust the business of politics to
those who do, and it is a necessity that the
majority of the votes cast there should decide
in order to have any effective election at all.
Here it is a question of the erection of a new
government, among a people who have just
emerged from a universal rebellion, and are
all, of course, presumptively disloyal. It is an
affirmative expression that you want with such
an element, and the presumption, therefore,
is that all who do not vote are in antagonism
to the plan which you propose. If they be,
however, there is an end of the question, unless
yoa are prepared to reject the majority idea in
the very first steps of the establishment of a
civil and political State, which you intend to be
republican, and are bound to make so. And
the objection is neither captious nor technical,
as the rapid reconstructionists would have you
to believe. It is substantial, fundamental, vital.
Other foundation can no man lay for a repub-
lican State than on the will of a majority,
which the supporters of this bill are constrained
to assume, not only without evidence, but
against it.
But then it is insisted that the majority were
deterred from voting by threats, and fraud, and
" accidents by flood and field." No argument
could have been more unhappy and unseason-
able than this; and those who mistrust this
hurry, and doubt the wisdom of this bill, may
well exclaim, on hearing it, ''I thank thee, Jew,
for teaching me that word." Assuming the fact
to be as supposed, and without indulging in
any unkind reflection upon the fair-weather
patriots, who were too delicate to wrestle with
the angry elements, or oven to brave the clouds,
on which the iron men of the North looked
down from the heights of Lookout mountain,
I see in this statement the literal verification
of my worst fears—" confirmations strong as
proofs of holy writ," of the heavy doubts that
have oppressed me in regard to the admission
of these States, even upon their rigorous com-
pliance with the severest terms that Congress
has imposed on them. If I had hesitated be-
fore as to the wisdom of admitting any of them,
I should scarcely do su now, upon this startling
confession. We know that the white men,
in Alabama at least, have almost invariably
refused to vote. The government we propose
to admit, then, is not only a minority govern-
ment, but substantially a negro government.
Now, while J have been among the very first
to advocate the suffrage of the black man in
the rebel States, as well upon the principles
of the Declaration of Independence as from a
sense of gratitude and justice, and upon the
conviction that it was a necessity of State—
the cheapest, and, indeed, the only defense of
his liberties and our peace—1 am not quite per-
suaded of the wisdom or propriety of surrender-
ing the republican idea of the majority rule, for
the purpose of bringing in a new government,
whether it be black, yellow, or red, without, at
least, some little intemixture of the paler ele-
ment. Whatever objection may be taken to the
form of speech, I cannot shut my eyes to the
great fact that this Government was built by
white men, uponideas, ifnot instincts, thatwere
peculiar to their race, and, perhaps, to some
only of the great families that compose it; that
its predominating element is still the same; and
that there is 110 reason to cxpect that in the long
future it will ever put on any other complexion.
In saying this I would not be understood as
intending to disparage the political rights of any
race that fate or fortune has east upon onr shores,
whether it be the docile African or that other
and more turbulent one, that eomes by ship-
loads, with its Old-World ideas, and its anti-
republican instincts in church and State, to
fill the ranks and feed the wasting reservoirs of
the so-called American democracy. We have
them both to deal with, as we have had the
Spaniard and the Frenchman, and have now
the Mexican and the Indian, and under the new
purchase of the President and Senate, if rati-
fied here—which God forbid—the Esquimaux
or Mongol of the Polar sea, and must do the
best we can to incorporate and assimilate, if
we cannot fuse down these heterogeneous
elements, by educating thein into a love of
order and a just appreciation of the rights of
man. But nobody, I suppose, would think of
constructing a durable republican State from
either of these materials without a judicious
inter-mixture—a little leaven—a flavoring, at
least, of that high instinct which puts the man
above the State, and has, in the process of
ages, evolved stability and independence from
the assertion of individual manhood, and, as
its consequence, a just respect for the rights
and liberties of all.
The negro, as we know, has just thrown off the
chains that have shackled his limbs and bound
down his higher faculties for more than two
hundred years. That he will be able to main-
tain himself for any considerable time, even by
superior numbers, without a reasonable amount
of support from loyalists with whiter skins, in
the presence of the stronger and more culti-
vated, if not the higher ethnic element, I do
not believe. When you bring the two races—
nay, any two races—in juxtaposition, on terms
of equality and rivalry, the weaker will be sure
to go to the wall: just as among the white races
the Celtic man has always succumbed in the
presence of the stronger Teuton, as well on this
continent as upon the other. With the white
element divided, as in the State of Tennessee,
I should have felt no difficulty on this score.
But where it, is all black on one side and all
white on the other I see no safety in, as I look
for no great popularity for, the measure here.
When I am told that the loyal black and white
man both have been afraid to vote, even under
the tegis of our flag, and with the bayonets of
tha Federal Government at their backs, I real-
ize the imminent risk that, once within the
charmed circle of the Union, the arrogant and
still unconquered rebel of the South will put
his foot upon the neck of his quondam slave,
but that the poor white man, too, whom that
power has held in the like chains of ignorance
and dependence will, probably share the same
fate. It makes no difference, in my judgment,
that the rebel lords are even disfranchised.
They still hold, by the grace of Andrew John-
son, all their great baronial possessions, with
all the influence that waits 011 property. There
is a spirit of caste, a power of public opinion,
that is stionger than political institutions, more
potent than the law, which, even without the
suffrage, will climb into the seats of justice, in-
vade the jury-box, and eventually govern the
State. _ Until the whole texture and framework
of society there are changed—a result which
the treachery of the President has now appar-
ently rendered impossible except in the lapse
of years—whenever it becomes the interest of
the proprietor classes to unbend, there is dan-
ger that they will conquer the negro, and the
poor white man, by the same courtly arts', and
the same gracious and irresistible condescen-
sion, by which they so promptly overcame and
mastered the fiercest of their enemies, in the
person of him who has now delivered the South
ovei to their rule. It is not wise to underrate
their power. It is confessed. I think, as well in
the recitals of my colleague [Mr. ICeu.lyI a dar
or two ago as in the reign-1 do not intend t
pun of terror, so graphically described by
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farx worth ]
lumseit. If it was strong enough to subdue
even the man who hated its possessors, be-
cause they looked down on him as a plebeian ;
if the first ray of its beneficent regards was
powerful enough to melt down the fierceness
of the tiger to the meekness of the lamb, and
to make tne dispenser of more than royal pa-
tronage feel honored even by its acceptance
of a pardon at the hands of a parvenu : it' „s
fascination has been so irresistible as to k-id
even the rugged Democrat of the North, ^ho'se
heart went out w.th the hegira of his southern
a lies, and abode with them through all .1?
vicissitudes of the war, to regard th^onU^
lordhng as a better man than 1
hope is there for the'untutored negro, Lui*]
