1186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
jurist in his day, delivered the opinion of the
court, in which he scouts this idea. The syl-
labus of the case is this:
"A person receiving the minority only of tho legal
votes polled is not entitled to be installed into an
office, notwithstanding the incumbent be removed
on account of some personal disqualification. Under
such circumstances a new election will be ordered."
Mr. PAINE. I should be glad to ask the
gentleman a question, for the purpose of draw-
ing out the true character of the decision to
which he has just referred. In this .case it is
claimed, as I understand, in the first place,
that the man who received the majority of
votes was ineligible, and in the second' place,
that his ineligibility was known to the voters.
Now, I would like to ask the honorable chair-
man of the Committee of Elections whether
in the case to which.he has just referred there
existed, in the first place, any ineligibility oil
the part of the person chosen or either of the
candidates, and whether, if there was, there
was any claim made that the voters knew that
such ineligibility existed ?
Mr. DAWES. I shall endeavor to cover
the whole ground as well as I may. I have a
case from the gentleman's own Stale.
Mr. PAINE. Will the gentleman be kind
enough to answer my question ?
Mr. DAWES. I cannot answer it now be-
cause it comes directly in the course of my
argument at a later period. _I certainly shall
answer it.
I have a case before me from the gentleman's
own State. He knows better than I do the
value of the opinions of the supreme court
of that State. I read from the syllabus of that
case:
"In case of the ineligibility of a person to hold a
particular office, and who receives the greatest num-
ber of votes, such votes are not mere nullities, but
should be counted by the canvassers. A contestant
for the same office receiving a less number of votes,
though eligible, cannot be regarded as elected, and
does not thereby bccome invested with a right to the
office."
Some forty years ago, soon after the State
of Maine separated from the State of Massa-
chusetts, when an absolute majority over all
others was required to elect a man to office, it
did sometimes happen that a few scattering
votes would defeat an election; and there arose
a case in the State of Maine in which a few
scattering votes cast for an ineligible person
would, if counted, defeat an election, not secure
an election; and the question was put by the
canvassers to the supreme court whether they
ought to count those votes or not; and the
supreme court, without giving any reasons,
but as briefly as categorically, said no. Since
then the supreme court of Maine has taken
some different views of this subject, as they
are cited in this case from Indiana, as support-
ing the opposite doctrine at the present time;
so that, according to the Indiana case, I should
infer that the position of the courts of Maine
would bo just the opposite at this time. I think,
however, that the Indiana court was mistaken,
and that there is nothing in the decisions of
the courts of Maine from that time down upon
the subject.
Sir, this fiction of law is based upon two
principles, has two grounds upon which it rests.
The first is that the voter had knowledge when
he cast his vote that the vote he was casting
was for a person ineligible to the office; and
second, that the act of so casting his vote was
an offense which might be punished. This is
the express stipulation of the grounds upon
which this principle or fiction of law is based,
namely: you must show that the voter know-
ingly cast his vote for a person who was inel-
igible, and then you visit punishment upon him
for his obstinacy, is the expression of the law,
his willful misconduct, as the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Harding] suggests; his vote
should be treated as a nullity, and the body to
whom it is referred should select for him a rep-
resentative. That is the ground upon which
this thing stands. Now, it becomes necessary
to ascertain what was the amount of the notice
to the voters.
These decisions are all at heads and points
upon this question of notice, and some of them
pay not the slightest regard to it. The court
in Maine, in their opinion delivered more than
forty years ago, did not take any notice at all
of it. They treated it entirely as a matter not
entering into the case. And the case to which
I have referred in the county in Maryland
did not allude to the idea that there must be a
known ineligibility. And in- the two cases I
have cited from Georgia and from Wisconsin,
where the broad principle is laid down that
the law does not authorizejtreating as a nullity
a vote cast for a person who is ineligible, no
attention is paid to this element.
The case in Indiana, however, treats this
element as essential upon the rejection of the
vote, but claims that notice may be construc-
tive, and that everybody being presumed to
know what the law is, the voter is therefore
clothed with a full knowledge of the ineligi-
bility. _ Therefore, if the holding of the court
in Indiana is correct, this question of the knowl-
edge of or notice to the voter amounts to
nothing. But if the cases in Wisconsin and
Georgia and Maryland and also in Maine can
be taken as a guide, these matters enter into
them as an element. 1 '
Mr. KERli. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment ?
Mr. DAWES. Very well.
Mr. KliRLi. In Indiana the ineligibility
resulted from a provision of the constitution
of that State.
Mr. DAWES. I was about to call the atten-
tion of the House to that point. I have spoken
of these questions in the courts of law in this
country. I submit there is 110 rule in those
courts that anybody can claim as the govern-
ing rule, so far as the authorities have as yet
been produced. The gentlemen from Indiana
on this side of the House and on the other
[Mr. Cobtjeu and Mr. Kicrn] can tell me how
acceptable to the voters in Indiana was the
decision of 1853. I do not know to which
political party the successful or the unsuccess-
ful candidate belonged; but I venture the
assertion—and any gentleman from Indiana
can correct me if 1 am mistaken—that the
party that gained by the decision was satisfied
with it, and the party that lost by the decision
denounced it.
Mr. COJiUBN. The Democratic party
gained by it.
Mr. DAWES. Then I venture to say that
every man in Indiana opposed to the Demo-
cratic party denounced the decision as un-
sound.
Mr. COB [TUN. Will the gentleman allow
me a moment to explain?
Mr. DAWES. Certainly.
Mr. COBUIIN. In relation to the case in
Indiana I desire to say this : that case arose in
this way : one of the claimants had been the
mayor of the city of Indianapolis, and he re-
ceived the largest number of votes. The elec-
tion was contested by his opponent on the
ground that he was holding a judicial office at
the time of the election. The State constitu-
tion of Indiana provides that no one holding
any judicial office shall be eligible for election
to any other office during the term of the judi-
cial office which he may be holding. The su-
preme court of the State decided that the office
of mayor was a judicial office ; and in addition
to that the court decided that the contestant,
who received a minority of the votes, was duly
elected. The supreme court of Indiana was
denounced by the opposite political party be-
cause it was supposed they had strained the
law or violated it or gone beyond it in decid-
ing that the office of mayor was a judicial
office. So far as T remember, the other point
was not discussed at all.
Mr. DAWES. This is all I care to say in
reference to the position of this matter before
the courts of this country. I desire now to
ask the attention of members to the position
of this matter in our legislative bodies. I sub-
mit that the claim of Mr. Smith to a seat in
this House, upon a minority of the votes east,
involves a departure from all the precedents
set in both Houses of Congress. There has
been no case in either House of Congress, so
far as I know, where any person has ever even
set up a claim to ofiiee upon the ground taken
by the claimant in this case.
The very-first contested-election case in the
very first session of the very first Congress in
1789 was a case involving the question of
ineligibility—a case'where the seat of a man
who had received a majority of votes was eon-
tested upon the ground that by the Constitution
of the United States he was ineligible to the
position, and where, if this doctrine had been
admitted, his opponent had the authority to
set it up. That ease arose in a Congress of
which many of the framers of the Constitution
were members; and the alleged ineligibility of
the sitting memberwas discussed with marked
ability by Mr. Madison and others of the framers
of the Constitution. Yet, throughout the whole
of that debate, no man suggested that, what-
ever might be the decision as to the eligibility
of the sitting member, the man who had re-
ceived a minority of the votes had the slightest
claim to the seat.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleftfen tell us
liov? that question of eligibility was decided?
Mr. DAWES. It was decided in favor of
the sitting member.
Mr. MAYNARD. In favor of his eligi-
bility.
Mr. DAWES. I have said notching that re-
quires the gentleman to interrupt my remarks
in ,regard to this point. I have said that
throughout all the discussion on that question
no man intimated that, whatever might be the
result of the investigation as to the right of the
sitting member, the man who had received a
minority of the votes could under any circum-
stances be entitled to the seat.
Mr. MAYNARD. What I wished to show
was that this question- could not possibly have
arisen in that case. • -- -
Mr. DA-WES.- The next .cas.e which .arose,
Mr. Speaker, was that of Albert Gallatin, in
the Senate, in 1*793. -He had been elected l>y
the State of Pennsylvania to the Senate before
he had been nine years a citizen of this coun-
try. That case, owing to the distinguished
character of Mr. Gallatin, and the questions
arising in regard to naturalization, then a new
subject in .this country, was discussed at great
length, engaging the best talent of the Senate.
Yet in this case, as in the other, no man during
the whole debate intimated that the minority
candidate had any claim to the seat; and the
minority candidate himself set up no sueh
claim.
The next case, one arising in the House, was
that of Philip Barton Key, whose seat as a
Representative from the State of Maryland
was contested on the ground of his ineligibil-
ity. And the same may be said in regard to
this case that I have said with reference to the
others. There was about the same time an-
other contested election from the State of
Maryland, the case of McCreery vs. Barnev,
m which arose for the first time the question
whether a State could prescribe qualifications
for a member of Congress in addition to those
specified m the Constitution of the United
States. The man who had received the mi-
nority of the votes contested the eligibility of
the man who had received the majoritv of the
votes on the ground that the latter "did not
possess certain qualifications which had been
prescribed by the State as necessary for a
member of Congress. Yet the contestant said
nothing about his own right to the seat; and
the able discussion of that question, continuing
for nearly two weeks, brought out during the
whole of it but one intimation, that in any
event the candidate who had received the mi-
nority of the_ votes could be entitled to the
seat. I'hat single intimation brought back a
reply of Mr. Randolph, that so long as be should
have a seat upon the floor no man receiving
a minority of the votes should with his con-
