4258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
Ward, Welker, John T. Wilson, Wood, and Wood-
ward—o7.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson Arnell, Doios
R. Ashley, Axteil, Bailey, Banks, Benton, Bingham,
isiair, iioles, Hoyden, Roderick R. Butler, Ohureiiili,
Reader w. Clarke, Kidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Cul-
lom, lhxon, DonnelJy, Driggs, JTarnsworth, Pields,
iu-ench, Cross, Griswold, Heaton, iligby, Hinds,
Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd,
ilunter, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Johnson, Alexander li.
Jones, Judd, Kelley, Ketchain, ICoontz, Lincoln,
Loan, Logan, Loughridge, Mallory, Maynard,
McCarthy, jUcCiurg, McKee, Miller, Moorhead
Morrell, Myers, O'Neill, Paine, Pcrham, Plants, Po-
land, Pomeroy. Raum, Sawyer, Smith, Stark-
weather, btokes, Sypher, Taffe, Taylor, Trowbridge,
Iwichell, Van Aernam, Henry d. "VVa&hburn, Wil-
iH1.1?) ^M^urn, Wbittemore, Thomas Williams,
ifl^r)^i AT^s,Tiyin^oin' an{* Woodbridge— 31.
NOI VOllNGr—Messrs. Ames, James 41. Ashley,
Barnum, Beaman, Benjamin, Blackburn, Blame,
BoutweU, Bowen, Burr,Benjamin 1\ Butler, Cake,
Chanler, Coburn, Cornell, Covodo, Dawes, Delano,
Deweese, Dockery, Dodge, Eekley, Kla, Lldiidge,
Jihot i< erry, 1 mney Garlield, Gravely, lialsey, Raid-
ing, Asahel W.Hubbard,Richard 1).Hubbard, Hum-
phrey, Julian, kitchen, Laflm, George V. Lawrence,
Lynch, Mann, Marvin, MoConmck, Morrisoey, Mun-
gen, iNowcomb, Kewsham, Orth, Peters, Pike, Pile,
|j|>t Afl lJ !.   1 I < I 1 ■ '.1 1 '
UW.OU5, xauox', jonii irunoie,
Upson, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van ilom, Van
irump, Van Wyck, Cadwalnder 0. Washburn, Jihlm
B. Washburne, James 1<'. Wihion, and Stopnon i\
Wilson—72.
So the House refused to lay the Senate
amendment on the table.
Mr. DONNELLY moved that the House
still further insist on its disagreement to the
amendment, and ask for another committee of
conference.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DONNELLY moved to reconsider the
last vote ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Donnelly,
Mr. Maynard, and Mr. Ross, managers of said
conference on the part of the House.
message fjiom tub senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham.
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (H. R. 1010) relative to pensions,
with amendments, in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House.
The message further announced that the
1 resident of the United States having returned
to the Senate, in which it originated, the joint
resolution (8. No. 139) excluding from the
Electoral College votes of States lately in rebel-
lion which shall not have been reorganized, with
his objections thereto, the Senate proceeded in
conformity with the Constitution to reconsider
the same, and had resolved that the said bill
do pass, two thirds of the Senate agreeing
thereto.
ELECTORAL COLLEGE.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the President of the
United States:
To the Senate of the United States:
I have given to the joint resolution entitled
•A resolution excluding from the Electoral
College votes of the States lately in rebellion,
■which shall nofc have been reorganized," as
careful examination as I have been able to
bestow upon the subject during the few days
that have intervened since the measure was
submitted for my approval.
heeling constrained to withhold my assent,
1 herewith return the resolution to the Semite,
in which House it originated, witli a brief
statement of the reasons which have induced
my action.
This joint resolution is based upon the as-
sumption that some of the States whose inhab-
itants were lately in rebellion are not now
entitled to representation in Congress and to
participate in the election of President and
Vice President of the United States.
Having heretofore had occasion to give in
detail my reasons for dissenting from this view,
it is not necessary at this time to repeat them.
It is sufficient to state that I continue strong
iu my conviction that the acts of secession, by
which a number of the States sought to dissolve
their connection with the other States and sub- I
vert the Union, being unauthorized by the
Constitution, and in direct violation thereof,
were from the beginning absolutely null and
void. It follows necessarily that when the
rebellion terminated the several States which
had attempted to secede continued to bo States
in the Union, and all that was required to
enable them to resume their relations to the
Union was that they should adopt the meas-
ures necessary to their practical restoration as
States. Such measures were adopted, and the
legitimate result was that those States, having
conformed to all the requirements of the Con-
stitution, resumed their former relations, and
becameentitled to the exercise of all the rights
guarantied to them by its provisions.
The joint resolution under consideration,
however, seems to assume that by the insur-
rectionary acts of their respective inhabitants,
those Slates forfeited their rights as such, and
can never again exercise them except upon
readmission into the Union on the terms pre-
scribed by Congress. If this position be cor-
rect, it follows that they were taken out of the
Union by virtue of their acts of secession, and
hence that the war waged upon them was
illegal and unconstitutional. We would thus
bo placed in this inconsistent attitude, that
while the war was commenced and carried on
upon the distinct ground that the southern
States, being component pans of the Union,
were in rebellion against the lawful authority
of the United States, upon its termination we
resort to a policy of reconstruction which
assumes that it was not in fact a rebellion, but
that the war was waged for the conquest of
territories assumed to be outside of the con-
stitutional Union.
The mode and manner of receiving and
counting the electoral votes for President and
Vice President of the United States are in
plain and simple terms proscribed by the Con-
stitution. That instrument imperatively re-
quires that the President of the Senate " shall,
in the presence of the Senate and House of
Representatives, open all the certificates, and
the votes shall then bo counted." Congress
has, therefore, no power, under the Constitu-
tion, to receive the electoral votes or reject
them. The whole power is exhausted when,
m the presence of the two Houses, the votes
are counted and the result declared. In this
respect the power and duty of the President
of the Senate are, under the Constitution,
purely ministerial. When, therefore, the joint
lesolution declares that no electoral votes shall
be received or counted from States that sinee
the 4th of March, 1807, have not "adopted a
constitution or State government under which
a State government shall have been organized,"
a power is assumed which is nowhere delegated
to Congress, unless upon the assumption that
the State governments organized prior to the
4th of March, 1867, were illegal and void.
The joint resolution, by implication at least,
concedes that these States were States by vir-
tue of their organization, prior to the -1th of
March, 1807, but denies to them the right to
vote in the election of President and Vice
President of the United Stales, it follows
either that this assumption of power is wholly
unauthorized by the Constitution, or that the
States so excluded from voting were out of the
Union by reason of the rebellion, and have
never be.-n legitimately restored. lieing fully
satisfied that they were never out of the U nion,
and that their relations thereto have been le-
gally and constitutionally restored, lam forced
to the conclusion that the joint resolution
which deprives them of the right to have their
vote for Presidentand Vice President received
and counted is in conflict with the Constitu-
tion, and that Congress has no more power to
reject their votes than those of the States which
have been uniformly loyal to the Federal Union.
Itis worthy of remark that if the States whose
inhabitants were recently in rebellion were
legally and constitutionally organized and re-
stored to their rights prior to the 4th of March
1867, as I am satisfied they were the only legit-
mate authority under which the election for
President and Vice President can be held
therein, must be derived from the govern-
ments instituted before that period.
It clearly follows that all the State govern-
ments organized in those States under acts of
Congress for that purpose, and under military
control, are illegitimate and of no vaHdity
whatever; and, in that view, the votes oasts
in those States for President and Vice Presi-
dent, in pursuance of acts passed since the 4th
ofMarch, 18G7, and in obedience to the so-called
reconstruction acts of Congress, cannot be
legally received and counted; while the only
votes in those States that can be legally cast
and counted will be those cast in pursuance of
the laws in force in the several States prior to
the legislation by Congress upon the subject of
reconstruction.
I cannot l^frain from directing your special
attention to the declaration contained in the
joint resolution, that" none of the States whose
inhabitants were lately in rebellion shall be
entitled to representation in the Electoral Col-
lege," &c.
If itis meant by this declaration that no State
is to be allowed to vote for President and Vice
President, all of whose inhabitants were engaged
in the late rebellion, it is apparent that no one
of the States will be excluded from voting, sinee
it is well known that in every southern State
there were many inhabitants who not only did
notparticipateintherebellion, but who actually
took part in its suppression, or refrained from
giving it any aid or countenance. 1 therefore
conclude that the true meaning of the joint res-
olution is that no State, a portion of whose
inhabitants were engaged in the rebellion, shall
be permitted to participate in the presidential
election, except upon the terms and conditions
therein prescribed.
Assuming this to be the true construction of
the resolution, the inquiry becomes pertinent,
may those northern States—a portion of whose
inhabitants were actually in the rebellion—be
prevented at the discretion of Congress from
having their electoral votes counted'! It is well
known that a portion of the inhabitants of New
Y ork and a portion of the inhabitants of Vir-
ginia were alike engaged in the rebellion, yet
it is equally well known that Virginia, as well
as New Y'ork, was at all times during the war
recognized by the Federal Government as a
State in the Union, so clearly that upon the
termination of hostilities it was noteven deemed
necessary for her restoration that a provisional
governor should be appointed. Yet, according
to this joint resolution, the people of Virginia,
unless they comply with terms it prescribes,
are denied the right of voting for President,
while the people of New York, a portion of the
inhabitants of which State were also in rebel-
lion, are permitted to have their electoral votes
counted, without undergoing the process of
reconstruction prescribed for Virginia. New
iork is no more a State than Virginia; the
one is as much entitled to be represented in the
Electoral College as the other. If Congress has
the power to deprive Virginia of this right it
can exercise the same authority with respect
to New York or any other of the States. Titus
the result of the presidential election may be
controlled and determined by Congress, and
the people be deprived of their right under the
Constitution to choose a President and Vice
1 lesident of the United Stales.
If Congress were to provide by law that the
votes of none of the States should be received
and counted if cast for a candidate who differed
in political sentiment with a majority of the
wo Houses, such legislation would at once be
condemned by the country as an unconstitu-
tional and revolutionary usurpation of power,
f would, however, be exceedingly difficult to
h id in the Constitution any more authority for
■ j Pas.sage of the joint resolution under con-
? It'1" 1-°1" an enactment looking
directly to the rejection of all votes not in
accoidance with the political preferences of a
piajoritj or Congress. ^ No power exists in the
onstitution authorizing the joint resolution
or tae supposed law, the only difference being
