THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the first place, hove dared to make such a prop-
osition to sueli a man as General Sherman?
Gentlemen of the Senate, if you arc to?-aise
a presumption that the President intended to
carry out an unlawful purpose by appointing
Cooper, that he intended to carry out the same
unlawful purpose by appointing Thomas, how
does it happen that you do not give him the
benefit of the presumption arising from his
attempt to get such a mail as General Sher-
man, that could not be made a tool of? And
yet this is all to be shut out from the defense
of the President!
In the cases that I have put, the case, for
instance, of Lord George Gordon, who was
indicted for a treasonable speech made on a
certain day—I forget the date—before a cer-
tain association, he was allowed to go into
proof running through a period of two years
before that hi meetings of that same associa-
tion, that, instead of encouraging risings or in-
surrections, he had set his face against them.
Ail that was admitted, although it was begun
two years prior to the declaration for which
he was indicted, and, indeed, more than two
years before, certainly not clustering about the
same time, not during the time when they say
the intent arose, but long prior to that time,
when in fact his intent may have been honest;
for in two years a man may change his intent.
They might have said at that time, " You have
gone too far back ; the question is as to your
intent at the time of tile transaction, as to your
intent at the time when we have given evidence
against you." LordGeorge Gordon went back
two years behind that. We stop within the
time which they have fixed themselves. We
do not ask to give any testimony as to the
President's intent before the acts which they
have brought forward to raise a presumption
of guilt against him.
They began in the fall of 18G7 with the ap-
pointment of Cooper, as they say. This is in
the subsequent winter, when Sherman is here,
right in the middle of this transaction. The
President, as they say, had this intent all
along before the act had culminated; that is,
had ended, had reached its consummation—
all that time, they say, the bad intent was in
the President's mind, and they use every cir-
cumstance tliey can against liiin to raise the
presumption that he intended to carry it out.
jN*ow, we waut to show liis acts and his decla-
rations during that time to dissipate this idea
that the President had an^ unlawful intent, to
show that he was not seeking after a tool, but
seeking for an honest, honorable, high-minded
soldier—to do what? That which was unlaw-
ful? No; but to do that whick the President
thought belonged to him. We will show you
that he asked General Sherman if he would
take that office upon the removal of Mr. Stan-
ton, and then said to General Sherman 
Mr. Manager BUTLER. That is not allow-
able.
ilr. STANBERY. What! that I cannot
state what we are going to prove? I insist 011
it as a right.*
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I insist that it is
never done in any court.
Mr. S i'ANBERY. If the Senate choose to
stop me X will stop; but I hope I shall be
allowed to state what I expect to prove. I have
been too long at the bar not to know that I
have that right. The gentleman may answer
my argument, but I hope he will not stop it.
"Mr. Manager BUTLER. If you look at the
book you hold in your hand you will find that
Erskine stopped the Attorney General in pre-
cisely the same case from which you have
quoted, and said, "You must not read a
letter.''
Mr. STANBERY. "Must not read a let-'
ter!:' lam not reading a letter; lam stating
what 1 expect to prove, and the gentleman
takes mo up. He does not understand where
he is or where I am. He puts an intent into
my mind that I have not got, as he seems to
have the very good faculty of putting intents
into every man's mind, "We expect to show
that the President not only asked General
Sherman to take thia position, but told him
then distinctly what his purpose was, and that
was to put that office in such a situation as to
drive Mr. Stanton into the courts of law.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. This is wholly
unprofessional and improper.
Mr. STANBERY. I will judge of that.
Erskina in this argument introduces a great
many cases, which it would take too long to
read; but finally the question which he put
was allowed to be put and was answered; and
I understand the decision in Hardy's case has
gone into the text-books as law. But it was
not necessary to have Hardy's case. I will ask
any lawyer who has ever tried a case where the
question was the intention, and where the case
made against his client was of facts from which
a presumption of intention was pretended to be
raised by the prosecution, may he not show
contemporaneous acts, acts covering the same
time as those used against him, declarations
within the same time with those used against
him; may he not be allowed to resort to these to
rebut the criminal intention, and to show that
his intention was fair, honest, and legal? Un-
doubtedly such is the law; and it is upon this
ground that we ask the introduction of the tes-
timony of General Sherman.
Mr." Manager BUTLER. Mr. President,
Senators, I was quite willing to put this case
to the judgment of both lawyers and laymen
of the Senate without a word of argument;
and I only speak now to "the lawyers,'' be-
cause the learned counsel for the President
emphasizes that word as though lie expected
some peculiar advantage from speaking to the
lawyers of the Senate. All the rules of evi-
dence are founded upon the good sense of man-
kind, as experience in the courts of law has
shown what is most likely or unlikely to elicit
truth, and they address themselves just as w$l
to the layman as they do to the lawyer. There
is no gentleman in the Senate, nay, there is no
gentleman anywhere, that cannot understand
this question of evidence; and if ihe plain
rules of fair judgment and fair examination
are applied to it, as I doubt not they will be,
there can be no difficulty in the matter.
I agree that I labor, not under any weight
of the argument that has just been put for-
ward against me, but labor under the weight
of the opinion of the presiding officer, who,
deciding without argument, has told the Sen-
ate that in his opinion this came within the
previous ruling, which I suppose to be the rul-
ing of yesterday. If it did I should not for a
moment have troubled the Senate, because I
have long since learned, however they may be
against me, to bow to the decisions of the tri-
bunal before which I am.
But this is entirely another and a different
case. In order to understand it let us see
what is the exact question. The exact question
is "In that interview," to wit, on the 14th of
January, "what conversations took place be-
tween the President and you in regard to the
removal of Mr. Stanton?'' "What conversa-
tion ;" it does not ask for acts now ; pray, gen-
tlemen, keep the distinction. " What conver-
sation tookplacebetween you?" isthequestion,
and upon that the Senate will vote.
Now, how is this attempted to be supported?
I agree that the first part of the argument
made by the learned Attorney General was the
very best one he ever mude in liis life, because
it consisted mostly in reading what I had said.
[Laughter.] He put the question, and I have
a right to say so, I trust, without any immodestv,
because he adopted all I said as his own, which
is one of the highest compliments I ever had
paid to me. I thought it was a good argu-
ment, Senators, when 1 made it to you; I hoped
it would convince you that it was right; but it,
failed. If it can be any better now in the
mouth of the Attorney General I desire^ to
see the result. I was arguing about putting
in the President's act m appointing Mr.
Cooper. 1 tried in every way 1 could to get
it before you; I tried to show you that you
ought to permit me to do so ; but by au almost
solid vote you said I should not. I said, "I
can prove the intent." My •argument failed
to-convince you. Will it do any better when
read by the musical voice of my friend from
Ohio? I think not. Of course you will aHort'
me to have so much self-gratulation as stiiPtd
say that I think it ought to have convinced
you. 1 only bow to the fact that it aid riot."
But the point wds there that I was attempt-
ing to prove, not a declaration of Mr. John-
son, but his act in putting in Cooler; here
they ask for conversations. We failed; the
Senate decided that we could not put in'any act
except such as was charged in the articles.
Wc do not charge in the articles an attempt to
bribe, or use as a tool, the gentleman who is
oil the stand, for whom we all have so high a
respect. I do not think that we have that ap-
preciation of him. Whatever appreciation the
President mighthave, we never had that. What
do we charge? We charge that he used the
man whom we saw on the stand here before as
atool, andjudgeyeon your consciences whether
he is not on his appearance here a fit instru-
ment. Judge ye! Judge ye 1 You have seen
him—a weak, vacillating, vain old man, just
fit to be pampered by a little pride to do things
which no man and no patriot would dare do.
Why, let me call your attention for a moment
to him. On this stand here yesterday he #its
going on to say that his conversation was play-
ful to Karsner, playful to Wilkeson ; bat when
ho saw that that was not so, that that did not
put him in a dignified position, lie swung back
to the truth and told us he meant to have force
to the shedding of blood.
Mr. EVARTS. He said exactly the con-
trary.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I do not under-
stand the gentleman.
Mr. EVARTS. He said exactly the con-
trary.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. He said that he
had made up his mind to use force to tha
shedding of blood.
Mr. EVARTS. No ; to break a door ; but
when he thought of shedding blood he retracted
his opinion.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. And he remained
of that mind until the next morning.
Mr. EVARTS. No ; he did not say that.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. What he found at
the masquerade ball or elsewhere to change
his mind he has not told us; nor can he tell
us when he changed liis mind. Ami not right?
But I pass from that; I am only calling the
attention of the Senate to the distinction be-
tween the two.
Now, then, how is this attempted to be sup-
ported ? The learned gentleman from Ohio
says what? lie says " in a counterfeiter'scase
we have to prove the scienter." Yes, true ;
and how? By showing the passage of other
counterfeit bills? Yes; but, gentlemen, did you
ever hear, in a case of counterfeiting, the coun-
terfeiter prove that he did not know the bill
was bad by proving that at some other time, he
passed a good bill? Is not that the proposi-
tion ? We try the counterfeit bill, which we
have nailed to the counter, of the 21st of Feb-
ruary; and, in order to prove that he did not
issue it, he wants to show that lie passed a good
bill on the 14th of January. It does not take
a lawyer to understand that. lhat is the
proposition.
We prove that a counterfeiter passed a bad
bill: 1 am following the illustration of my
learned opponent. Having proved that he
ji passed a bad bill, what is the evidence he pro-
|| poses? That at some other time he told some-
: body else, a good man, that he would not pass
bad money, to give it the strongest form; and
you are asked to vote it on that reaso.n. 1
take the illustration. Is there any authority
brought for that? No.
What is the next ground ? The next is that
it is in order to show Andrew Johnson's good
character. If they will put that in testimony
I will open the door widely. We shall have
no objection whenever they offer that, i will
take all that is said of him by all good and
loyal men, whether for probity, patriotism, or
