1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3235
internal taxes and duties have been levied.
Whatever cotton goods manufactured in this
country are exported to the Indies, to Smyrna,
to South America, receive in the port of export
the benefit of the drawback, and just the same
benefit is exacted which the commerce of
Maine now demands.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Is the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] in favor of the three
cents per pound drawback on cotton goods?
Mr. BROOKS. T am not to be led off from
my line of argument by mischievous questions
of that kind put by my friends on this side of
the House.
Mr. DRIGGS. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. BROOKS. Very well.
Mr. DRIGGS. When the gentleman states
that the commerce of Maine asks for this
drawback upon materials used in ship-building,
lio\v does he "reconcile that statement with the
statement of the gentleman whose letter I had
read at the Clerk's desk a few moments ago?
Mr. LYNCH. If the gentleman from New
York will allow me, I will say to the gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. Driggs] that the
letter he had read was not from a ship-builder
but from a ship-owner, who does not want ship-
building materials exempt from duty, because
then ship-builders will build cheap ships to
come in competition with the ships he owns.
If I am not mistaken he has sailed his vessels
under a foreign flag, and has a branch of his
house at Liverpool.
Mr. DRIGGS. That gentleman says that a
convention of ship builders resolved that if
these drawbacks are allowed it would decrease
the value of all the shipping interest of this
country.
Mr. LYNCH. The gentleman is mistaken ;
there has been no such action by any conven-
tion of ship-builders in this country.
Mr. BROOKS. What the people of Maine
really want they will make known through their
Representatives upon this floor, and their Sena-
tors in the other branch of Congress. The very
fact that the letter referred to was written to
a Senator from Michigan, and not to a Sena-
tor from Maine, shows that the writer of it
does not represent the people of Maine in that
respect. He says that upon four ships he has
paid $40,000 tax to the Government, or an
average tax of $10,000 per ship. I call the
attention of gentlemen to the enormity of that
tax. I ask gentlemen to say how the sailors of
our country, how the commerce of our country,
to say nothing of the flag of our country, can
compete with ships and sailors from the ports of
northern Europe, if they have to pay this tax?
It is the enormity of this tax that has driven
our ships off the sea as well as our steamers.
It is the enormity of this tax which concen-
trates in New Orleans and Mobile and Charles-
ton the fleets of all Europe to export our own
cotton, tobacco, and rice from those ports. Tt
is so much taken from the commerce of this
country.
Mr. DRIGGS. These drawbacks are so
much taken from the other industries of the
country.
Mr. BROOKS. Now, sir, I wish to say that
this system of drawbacks is not a new thing.
It is part of our warehouse system. We are
constantly importing goods into the country
which are put into warehouses. If they do
not enter into the consumption of this country,
but are taken out of the warehouses and
exported, drawback is allowed upon them.
But, sir, the difference between this and the
other manufactures of the country is this:
when an American ship leaves_ an American
port and ventures out upon the wide seas, upon
the Atlantic or the Pacific, toward the Last
Indies or into the China sea, from that moment
she is not like a manufacture here at home,
protected as the manufactures here_are from
thirty to three hundred per cent, against man-
ufactures elsewhere, but she is an American
manufacture floating upon the high seas m
competition with all the world. Her labor and
industry are under our flag there upon the
high seas coming into competition with all the
other nations of the earth.
Mr. HARDING. I hope the gentleman will
give us some information. 1 desire to ask liirn
why this American steamship line which got
up a trade between the UnkedStates and Japan,
having a capital of some forty-five million dol-
lars, is able to continue its business and to hold
the exclusive possession of that trade ?
Mr. BROOKS. I will answer the question
again, and I hope the gentleman will give me
his attention. That Pacific mail steamer is
protected by the coasting-trade laws. None
but the American flag can go from New York
to Panama, and from Panama to San BVancisco.
None but American bottoms can carry Ameri-
can goods. That is a protection in the first
place. In the second place that line has a
large monthly subsidy from the Government.
Mr. BLAINE. Five hundred thousand dol-
lars a year for ten years.
Mr. BROOKS. It has abounty of $5,000,000
in ten years, and beside it has no competi-
tion with other flags or other steamers.
Mr. HARDING. I understand that England
pays subsidies to her line.
Mr. BROOKS. Not the California line.
Mr. HARDING. The line I refer to traverses
the Pacific ocean to China.
Mr. BROOKS. From San Francisco to
Japan. That is the line which has a subsidy
from the Government of $500,000 a year for
ten years, making $5,000,000.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope my friend will
not consider me as intruding upon him, but I
would ask if it would not be a good specula-
tion for our Americans who are building ships
to go to England and buy them ?
Mr. BROOKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. BLDRIDGE. It seems to me that
would be a good plan.
Mr. BLAINE. And not leave a sailor in
this country who could lay the keel of a single
vessel.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. We could get plenty of
sailors by giving fishing bounties.
Mr. BROOKS. If I ever indulged in
rhetorical declamation upon the floor of this
House, if I was ever given in any degree to
any display of oratory, as I am not, I would
ask the House to forget for one moment every
pecuniary consideration, everything relating to
party, and to reflect solemnly upon the indis-
pensable necessity of maintaining our flag upon
the ocean. First and foremost of all things
I repeat that in our contest with foreign
nations unless our ships and sailors are pro-
tected and maintained, unless the people of
Maine, the great nursery of seamen, are sus-
tained in their interests, unless the people of
the lakes are sustained in their interests in
competition with the people on the other side,
that people, that labor, and those seamen must
suffer in competition with all others.
I speak, then, not for the interest, of copper
or iron, not for tariff or anti-tariff, but for the
great, I may say the predominant, interest of our
country, and that is the protection of our flag
and the nursery of our seamen, without which
and without the passage of a bill something like
this, our commerce must decline more and more
and our flag fade away from the ocean day by
day, until, sooner or later, under the existing
system, with the enormous pressure of the exist-
ing tariffs, you will soon cease to see passing
coastwise from New York to Savannah or New
Orleans or California, not only the American
flagon the ocean, but even an American sailor.
You will soon cease to see your flag on the
ocean at all, unless it is protected by your
legislation. I yield to the gentleman from
Maine.
Mr. PIKE. I yield a moment or two to the
gentleman from Wisconsin.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Mr.
Speaker, the grounds for this exceptional legis-
lation are, as I understand, as follows: first,
that the great shipping interest of the country,
unlike any other interest, was, during the war,
wiped out and destroyed, and, as a conse-
quence, the carrying trade of the country has
fallen into the hands of that country by whose
perfidy our commerce was brought low; sec-
ond, that by reason of the war and our inflated
currency consequent, thereon, with the high
internal taxes, high wages, and the high pritfe
of articles entering into a ship, it is impossible
to build and sail an American ship in compe-
tition with a foreign ship ; and that, in point
of fact, no ships bearing the American flag are
now seen in foreign waters, and very few new
ships are being built or can be built. In the
cities of New York and Boston there is not a
single ship on the stocks. I believe both these
statements are true. I am unwilling to see
Great Britain longer reap the harvest of her
perfidy without at least making an effort to
restore our ancient supremacy on the sea. To
do so will, in my judgment, strike down no
other interest. We build no ships, and we can
under existing laws, build none. Consequently
the Michigan copper derives no benefit frtim
ship-building, and cannot be injured if we pass
this bill. Anxious to see our flag once again
floating upon the ocean, and believing that this
bill will greatly tend to that result and injure
no other interest of this country, I shall vote
for it.
Mr. DRIGGS. That is a very pretty little
speech if it was all correct; but as it is not it
does not. amount to much. [Laughter.]
Mr. SPALDING. Allow me to say that I
adopt the speech of the gentleman from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Wasiibuiix ;] and for the same
reasons that he gives I shall vote for the bill.
Mr. PIKE. 1 am very glad to hear from
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Bkooks]
upon this measure, which is one of great
importance not only to my constituents but it
seems to me to the nation at large. And I am
very much obliged to the gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Washburn] for so succinctly stat-
ing the reasons why this legislation should be
adopted. I stated at some length the other
day—I do not propose to repeat the statement
now in detail—that American commerce is in
a most languishing condition. I gave a table
of statistics from the Treasury Department
exhibiting the statistics of our commerce be-
fore the war and its position now. Those
statistics are not denied or controverted by
anybody. I showed that while other interests
were flourishing during the war and are now
in the main in thrifty condition, this great
national interest was stricken down, so much
so that there is scarcely in any foreign port
to-day an American flag to be seen.
One of our shipmasters, returning from a
voyage to Calcutta the other day, says that on
his voyage there and back he spoke but two
American ships. And last week a naval offi-
cer told me that in the great highway between
this country and Europe, as he sailed from
Annapolis to France and back again last year,
he scarcely met an American ship on the voy-
age, but those he did speak were vessels bear-
ing the cross of St. George. And so it is
everywhere. Go to the ports of the West
Indies, where we formerly did the whole trade
of §60,000,000, and to-day we are doing less
than half of it. Go to the ports of South
America, where we formerly did eleven parts
of the trade, England one, and now there are
three British ships to one American. These
trades are not carried on by steam, as gentle-
men suggest, but by sailing vessels. The
various trades of the country are filled to reple-
tion with British vessels. And the question
now for you, gentlemen, to determine is
whether or not you will, as an American Con-
gress, render some assistance to American
shipping? There is no other measure that you
can place upon your statute-book except this
that will be of any benefit to them.
I have studied this whole question with dili-
gence, quickened by the interests of my con-
stituents, and I can devise no measure except
, this. If you strike at this, you strike the l3St
blow at American commerce^ abroad. Ana
what are the objections ? Why, my
from Michigan, for whom I have the highest
respect, come up here and object on the ground
