1183
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
February 14,
stroiig common sense, and I tell you plainly
that the people of the United States know what
a majority of six thousand is, and you may
talk to them about the black-letter law of the
Praise God Barebones Parliament as much as
you please; they all turn upon their heels and
ask you to answer this question: '' Did not you
put a man into that seat who was in a minority
of more than six thousand of the votes?" and
that question yoo have got to answer. I in-
quire of you whether you are willing, whether
you desire, to take this additional load upon
your shoulders? I for one am willing togo to
the people and say "I made vacant John
Young Brown's seat solely because John
Young Brown was a disloyal man, and I told
his people that I did not desire to select for
them a representative; that is their business,
confined within the limitation which the Con-
stitution hag imposed upon them, namely, that
he shall have the qualifications ol'a member."
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The claimant, Mr. Smith,
is now entitled to the floor if he desires it.
Mr. Smith, the claimant, took the floor.
Mr. PAINE. The hour at which we usually
adjourn has arrived, and now, with the consent
and in accordance with the wishes of the gen-
tleman who has the floor, I move that this mat-,
ter be postponed until Monday next after the
morning hour.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw that motion for a moment.
Mr. PAINE. I withdraw it.
Mr. DAWES. During-lhe discussion of Mr.
Brown's case I submitted, at the request of the
member of .the Committee of Elections who is
absent on ■ account of sickness, [Mri SHKU.a-
BAitOBR,] his views upon the question of Mr.
Brown's right to the seat. I have here, sir,
his views upon the question now under consid-
eration, which, with the leave of the House', I
will send to the Clerk's desk, that they may be
read.
Mr. PAINE. I will yield for that purpose,
and then I move a postponement of the case
until Monday next.
Mr. MAYNABD. I wish the gentleman
would move.to postpone it until Monday week.
Mr. WASHBUBNE, of Illinois. I wish so,
teo,,, . . ; >
Mr. PAINE. Very well; I will modify my
motion and move a postponement until Mon-
day week.
The SPEAKER. Before that motion is pit
the gentleman fromMassachusetts[Mr. Dawes]
asks the consent of the House that the viows
of the absent member of the Committee of
Elections, the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Shelj.abakgeb, ] be read. If there be no objec-
tion they will be read.
No objection was made, and the Clerk read
the views of Mr. Shell,vumiokr, as follows :
"In deciding upon Mr. Smith's title to a seat I
assume that the evidence shows:
"First, That Brown received a large majority ot tho
legal votes east in the district at that election.
"Second, ThatJVIr. Brown's ineligibility ordisqual-
ifieation to take the office of representative unjlor the
Constitution and laws of the United States, if such
disqualification existed at all,(whichla?sume for tho
purposes of this point.) was not so plain and notorious
as to raise the presumption that the electors who
voted for him, or such liumbeis as, being deducted
from his vote, would change tho result, knewthat ho
was by law disqualified to liold this office, and 1 think
tho weight of the evidenco requires this to bo_ as-
sumed, all of it being considered. Those two things
being assumed. Mr. Smith's right to tire scat seems
to rest on this single question, When a majority ot
the votes cast at an election for a member of tho
House was cast in good faith for one in fact' incapable
of taking the office, the electors not being shown to
have known when they voted that thpir votes were
being cast for one incapable of holding tho.omco,
shall these votes so cast not bo counted as votes .at
such election, and shall they bo treated as votes vol-
untarily thrown away ?
" This question I answer in the negative, i do not
mean to say anything as to what would bo done with
votos east for one notoriously ineligible, but simply
to say that whore the majority of electors appear to
have voted in good taith for one of two candidates
and their choice turned out, contrary to their expec-
tations, to be incapableof taking the office, then the
ofiiee must be declared vacant, and the ono receiving
a minority of votes cannot take (.ho seat.
"Assuming tho faels to be as above stated, and which
I do assume, oil the right of Mr. Smith to tilts in
Said case, I vote no."
Mr. DAWES. Let me answer one of the
inquiries made of me. The gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Paixe] desired me to speak
upon the question of notice. Now, what sort
of notice had the voters in this district? The
question is, did these 8,900 voters vote lor Mr.,
Brown, knowing him to be ineligible ? Whiyt
is the evidence upon that point ? The testi-
mony upon record in the book of evidence is„
that at four of the public meetings during the
canvass Mr. Brown was called upon to- an-
swer in regard to his letter of April, 1861.
And a question' was put yesterday by the gen-,
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Commx] to Mr.
Brown, I suppose for tho purpose of this hear-
ing. Mr. Brown w:is asked' if he was not
questioned all over his district about that let-
ter, and he answered that ho was. Now, as-
suming that Mr. Brown has a right thus to
compromise the voters of his district by his
statements upon this floor, what does it all
amount to ? It makes out this: that Mr..
Brown was charged .with being the author of
this letter; that lie admitted that he wrote it;
that ho said he was a Union man, and had
been a Union man all the time, was a Union
man when he wrote the letter, and could take
the oath prescribed by law for members of
Congress.
This is the first case that has ever been
brought before the House under the law of
18C2; and after all tho evidence that was given
in the case, after hearing everybody on both
sides, the committee of this House appointed
to pass judgment upon it wore just as equally
divided upon the question of the eligibility
of Mr. Brown as the}' possibly could be ; were
divided just as equally as nine members can
be divided. How can you say, then, that 8,922
voters knew when they cast their votes that
they were editing them for a man who was
ineligible, when the Committee of Elections
could not come to that conclusion, and when
it is ouly by a resolution of this House, not by
any act of Congress, that he is made ineligible,
if at all? And yet the whole matter rests upon
the previous knowledge of this voters,.
Now, suppose the voters of thai district send
Mr. Brown back here, I am asked; Suppose
they do. If you cannot keep him out in any
other way, you can pass a law, as the Consti-
tution gives you the power to do, defining the
power of the ballot; you can let the elector
know when lie casts his balloL just how it will
be-Counted. This Congress has the -power,,
under the. Constitution, to pass such a law,
and the State has the power to do so. That
is tho answer I give to that.. But I complain
of two or three things here which I will briefly
state, and then I will sit down.
Mr. COVODE. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. COVODE. My point of order is, that
the pending question is upon the motion to
postpone, and the discussion should be con-
fined to that motion.
Tho SPEAKER. The motion to postpone
is susceptible of very limited discussion; it
does not open up the whole question.
Mr. DAWES. I am obliged to my friend
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Covode;] he is, in-
deed, very kind. Of course this is a very pleas-
ant task, which I have enjoyed very much : it
is mere pastime on my part.
Now, upon tho question of postponement, I
desire to say that I think this ease involves an
important question. It is a marvelous idea
that the House of Representatives should be
called upon in this way to put at naught all its
own precedents and all the precedents of all
the Legislatures of this country. I submit that
tho House ought to address themselves to this
question until they have disposed of it. I am,
therefore, opposed to any postponement of this
case. I want to have it decided. I wani the
Committee of Elections to be instructed now,
if they are to be so instructed at all, that the
voiee of the majority is no voice at all. And
T will say further—of course that is of no con-
sequents -thnt it will be impossible for me t.o
attend to this case next week, for I shall be
compelled to be absent.
Mr. WASHBUBNE, of Illinois, I now
call the previous question on the motion to
postpone.
Mr. PAINE. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts says that he cannot attend to this
case next week. The motion -is to postpone
thus case to a week from next Monday.
Mr. DAWES.. I am -willing to come here
to-morrow to attend to this ca&e.
Mr. ASHLEY,of Ohio. Very well;- let us
dispose of it to-morrow.
Mr. DAWES. The Committeer of Elec-
tions have four cases' ready for a hearing.
On seconding the demand for .the previous
question there were*—ayes 38, noes 38; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Paise and
Mr. Ashley, of Ohio, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes fifty-seven, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded, and
the main question ordered; which was upon
postponing-the pending resolutions until Mon-
day, the 24th instant,, after the morning hour.
The motion was not agreed to; there being-
ayes 41, noes G3.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
to lay the whole subject on the table.
The SPEAKER. The claimant [Mr. Smith]
is entitled to the floor, having yielded to allow
the motion to postpone to be made,
Mr. DAWES. I hope the claimant will be
heard.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We will
hear him with a great deal of pleasure.
Mr. DAWES. It is right that every man who
makes a claim of this kind should be heard.
The SPEAKER. The claimant is entitled
to the floor, and cannot be taken from it by a
motion to lay on the table. •
Mr. PAINE. I think it would be a great
hardship upon the claimant to compel him to
speak at this late hour; and with his permis-
sion I move that the .House adjourn..
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
the House will not adjourn. _.
On the motion to adjotim there were—ayes
sixty-five, noes not counted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the yeas and nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes eleven, noes not counted.
Mr, WASHBURNE, of.Illinois. I call for
tellers on ordering the yeas and nays -
T.elhsrs were not ordered.-
So the motion was agreed to; and the House
(at four o'clock and .ten minutes p. m.) ad-
journed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Tho following petitions, &e., were presented
under the rules, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BECK: The proceedings of and res-
olutions adopted by a convention of distillers
held at Lexington, Kentucky, on the 7th day
of February, 18(58, petitioning Congress to
modify the present law regulating the collection
of taxes on distilled spirits, because of-iis ruin-
ous effects, and to reduce the tax to fifty cents
per gallon thereon; also, the indorsement
thereof by the United States collector in that
district.
By Mr. CIIANLER : The'petition of Wilson
Cr. Hunt, Peter Cooper, Marshall 0. Roberts,
and others, citizens of New York, in behalf of
midshipmen who may hereafter graduate from
the United States Naval Academy.
By Mr. CHURCHILL: Tho petition of B.
P. Green and others, citizens of Oswego, New
York, asking for the passage of an amendment
of the act extending the jurisdiction of the dis-
trict courts to certain cases upon the lakes and
navigable waters connecting the same.
By Mr. CLARKE, of-Ohio: The petition of
C, B. Edwards and others, of Highland county,
Ohio, for a post route from Hillsboro'^by Sa-
mantha and Careytown, to New Vienna.
