4260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
Mr, LOGAN. Will the gentleman answer
my question ?
Mr. POMEEOY. I cannot answer all the
gentleman's questions, for there are several
questions involved in one. In answer to his
first question I will say that the object of this
bill is not only to get a man of legal knowledge
and competent scicntific ability, but something
more. Under this bill, which has passed both
Houses, and about which there is no disagree-
ment except iu regard to the Patent Office, when-
ever a vacancy occurs in any executive Depart-
ment or bureau of the Government the functions
of the officeare to devolve upon the next officer
in rank in the Department or bureau until the
office is filled. These are the provisions of the
bill upon which both branches of the national
Legislature have now agreed. The only excep-
tion—and that is the cause of the disagreement
between the two Houses—is in regard to the
Commissioner of Patents; and unless some
provision of law is made, either such as that
recommended by the committee of conference
or some other provision, the Patent Office will
stand an exception to all the other Depart-
ments and all the other bureaus of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. MYERS. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment ?
Mr. POMEROY. I cannot yield now. Tn
answer to the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Logan] 1 will say that if the report of the
committee of conference shall be adopted the
object of it is to make the Patent Office con-
form—that is the leading idea of the conferees
in this case—to the other Departments and
bureaus of the Government, and in case of a
vacancy to devolve the duties of the office upon
the oflicer next in rank in the Department or
bureau, avoiding the incongruity of the case,
the dropping down below the three officers next
in rank to the Commissioner, and devolving
the duties upon a clerk who has never been
appointed with reference to the duties of that
otfiee, and whose qualifications for the posi-
tion have never been subjected to the scrutiny
of the Senate.
Now, I will say to the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Logan] that at this stage of the dis-
cussion I do not propose to raise the question
whether the person now performing the duties
of the Commissioner is superior or inferior in
point of qualifications to him upon whom those
duties will be devolved if the report of the
committee of conference should be adopted. 1
do not propose to discuss that question, because
I do not think it ought to arise in the present
case. The same rule which has been applied
to the other Departments should be applied to
this; and upon the next ranking officer should
devolve the duties. When the report of the
committee of conference was presented the
other day and rejected by the House, there was
a misapprehension on the part of many mem-
bers as to the object and effect of the recom-
mendation of the committee. I now state from
information which I know to be correct, as well
as though the fact rested on my own personal
knowledge, that the amendment presented by
the former committee of conference had no
relation whatever to the appointment of any
particular one of the three cxaminers-in-chief';
it was proposed upon the assumption that the
President would select from those three the
one most competent to discharge the duties of
the office.
Inasmuch as tlic partial misapprehension of
the House at that time grew out of the fact that
Mr. Foote is one of the examiners, and as his
name was drawn into the debate the other day
I deem it but an act of justice toward a man
who years ago lived in my own district and
whom personally I know well, to say that if
the report had been adopted, and Mr. Foote
had been appointed, we should have had in the
position a man of perfect integrity of character,
a man of fine legal abilities, and a man most
thoroughly skilled itj (jig duties pertaining to
the Patent Office.
Mr. WELKEU. I desire to inq.uir.e whether
the gentleman has any information that the
nomination of Mr. Foote as Commissioner of
Patents has been to-day sent to the Senate ?
Mr. POMEEOY. 1 have not heard any-
thing about that; but I can say, though I know
his political views to be opposed to mine, that
if he has been nominated to that office, and if
he shall be confirmed, the rights of patentees
and of the public as well as the interests of
the Department will be maintained with justice
and integrity. I have deemed it proper to say
this much from my personal knowledge of this
man, founded on a long acquaintance with
liim.
On that point I will only add that the appoint-
ment under the report of the former committee
of conference would, in any event, have secured
the designation of a man whose character would
have been a guarantee for the proper adminis-
tration of the Patent Office. But that report
was rejected. In the present report we make
the provision in regard to the Patent Office
entirely symmetrical and consistent with the
provision in regard to the other Departments
and bureaus. We propose that the senior
cxaminer-in-cliief shall execute and fulfill the
duties of the Commissioner in case ofa vacancy
until a Commissioner shall be appointed. Tlic
effect of this will be, if the report be adopted,
that the duties of the Commissioner, until a
successor to Mr. Theakor shall be appointed,
will devolve upon Mr. Hodges.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 would like to ask the gen-
tleman a question, purely for the sake of inform-
ation, and without any feeling with reference
to either of the gentlemen upon whom this
appointment may devolve. Is not the chief
clerk in any of the Departments the senior
officer, next to the oflicer iu charge of that
Department?
Mr. POMKEOY. No, sir; in all the Depart-
ments we have the Secretary, then the Assist-
ant Secretary, and then comes the chief clerk.
Mr. LOGAN. Suppose the Secretary and
Assistant Secretary are both out of office, who
is then the ranking oliiccr?
Mr. POMEEOY. If the gentleman refers
to the Patent Office, I will say that in the ab-
sence of the Commissioner the senior examiner-
in-chief is the ranking oflicer.
Mr. LOGAN. Is that by law?
Mr. POMEEOY. It is not by law, because
by reason of a defect in the act of 1801 au-
thorizing the appointment of these examiners-
in-chief the provision of the act of 183G was
left in force.
Mr. LOGAN. Exactly; the chief clork
was left as the senior officer next to the Com-
missioner of Patents.
Mr._ POMEEOY. So I say, owing to an
omission in the act of 18G1.
Mr. LOGAN. Now, Mr. Chairman, if the
gentleman will allow me, and I do not wish to
make any debate about this, I will ask him
this question. He speaks of the Patent Office
as a department. Now, docs he not know that
it is a mere bureau? I ask him whether in all
the bureaus and all the Departments, the chief
clerk is not held to be the senior officer next to
the head of that bureau?
Mr. POMEEOY. I do not concede that is
so, but in no other Department are there three
examiners-in-chief like in the Patent Office.
In the other Departments there are Secretaries
and Assistant Secretaries, and when there is a
vacancy in the first their places are filled tem-
porarily by the latter.
Mr. LOGAN. For the purpose of getting
the issue before the House 1 ask the gentleman
from New York whether it is not the fact, under
and by virtue of the law, every chief clerk in
every bureau is the senior officer next to the
chief of the bureau ?
Mr. POMEEOY. No, sir.
Mr. LOGAN. That is the law as I under-
stand it.
Mr. POMEIIOY. In the Internal Revenue
Office the Commissioner has a deputy, who
takes his place in case there is a vacancy.
This deputy succeeds the Commissioner, by the
provision of the law, if there be a vacancy, and
not the chief clerk. We wish to establish the
same uniformity in the Patent Office that exists
in the other Departments, and by law to correct
the error of the acts of 1830 and 1801. We
wish to make the law of 18G1 what it ought to
have been made when that law was passed.
Mr. LOGAN. Let me ask the gentleman a
question.
Mr. POMEROY. I have not got through
with what I have to say.
Mr. LOGAN. Only for a question.
Mr. POMEROY. I will yield for a ques-
tion.
Mr. LOGAN. In the Indian Bureau, a
bureau like the Patent Office, in the Interior
Department, I ask the gentleman from New
York whether the chief clerk is not the next in
rauk to the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
himself? I also ask him whether in the Pen-
sion Office, also in the Interior Department,
the chief clerk is not next in rank to the head
of the bureau? There are three examiners-in-
chief in the Patent Office. The chief clerk,
under the law, is now the acting Commissioner
of the Patent Office. Why, then, adopt this and
now make the Patent Office an exception to all
the other departments ? If it is the desire to
legislate the chief clerk of this department out
of existence, and put some one in his place,
why is it ? There must be some reason for it.
Mr. POMEEOY. I must resume the floor.
I will say to the gentleman from Illinois this:
I propose to leave to the judgment and good
sense of each member of this House whether
the chief clerk of the Patent Office shall rank
next to the Commissioner, and in case of a
vacancy become acting Commissioner, when
there are in that department, under the law,
three examiners-in-chief, with a salary of §4,000
each, who are appointed by the President of the
United States and confirmed by the Senate. I
wish to know whether those officers are to be
held as subordinate to the chief clerk of the
department, who is appointed and may be re-
moved solely at the will of the Commissioner
of Patents ?
Mr. BROMWELL rose.
Mr. POMEEOY. I will yield to the gen-
tleman for a question.
Mr. BROMWELL. I wish to suggest
whether the business in which these examiners
are engaged, and that in which the chief clerk
is engaged, do not show which is the senior in
rank? Are not these examiners employed for
the mere purpose of examining into the pro-
priety of granting patents, while the chief
clerk has the general superintendence, the
next man after the Commissioner? It seems
to me that he is the man who, after the Com-
missioner, should take charge of the Patent
Office.
Mr. POMEROY. In answer to the gentle-
man from Illinois I will repeat that what we
seek to do in this report is to conform the prac-
tice in the Patent Office to that which exists m
the other Departments and bureaus. As 1 said
before, the Commissioner of Patents adjudi-
cates more millions of property every year
than any court of the United States, and lor a
month past the duties of that office have been
performed by the chief clerk. We propose
that one of the examiners-in-chief, who are
appointed by the President and continued by
the Senate like the highest officers of the Gov-
ernment, shall perform the duties of the office
in ease of a vacancy. It is perfectly idle to
talk to me of the rank of the chief clerk.
These examiners, by their education and expe-
rience, are eminently fitted for this position.
Mr. McKEE rose.
Mr. POMEROY. I will yield to the gen-
tleman m a moment. As I have said, each
one of these examiners-in-chief of the Patent
Office is required to be appointed by the Pres-
ident and confirmed by the Senate. And yet
w,? 2re as'5ed in case of a vacancy in the office
of Commissioner of Patents whether a clerk
afiP01o'e? ^ 's n0'' next in rank in the
office ? Well, if it be so, it is by a faulty law
that should be remedied, and tliatrightspeediiy.
Now, 1 say the effect of this report of the com-
mittee of conference, if adopted, will be to
