3236
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
of copper. Why, sir, I have in my hand a list
of the various articles used in the construction
of ships and the duties on them. On a ship of
seven hundred and fifty tons there were duties
amounting to $4,500, and of that the whole
amount of tax on ''copper bolts, nails, and
paint" together is only $175. Ourshipshave
not been coppered in this country for a series
of years past. They go abroad to be coppered
and will go abroad for that purpose whether
this bill is passed or not. This matter of cop-
per, therefore, is the merest trifle, and I do
not care whether it is in the bill or not. I am
perfectly willing that it shall be stricken out.
I hope my distinguished friends from Michigan,
who base their attack on copper, will withdraw
and let copper be stricken out. It is too small
a matter to contest.
Let me say further that the bill does come
in conflict with the iron interests of Pennsyl-
vania; but I was in the Senate a few weeks
since when a bill similar to this was under
discussion there, and the senior Senator from
Pennsylvania, who is as largely interested in
the welfare of that great State as perhaps any
man in it, made an argument in favor of the bill,
and said that Pennsylvania could afford to be
generous to this interest.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a point of order.
I submit that it is not in order for the gentle-
man to refer to the proceedings of the other
branch of Congress for arguments to influence
this House.
Mr. PIKE. I am through with that.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Dawes
occupying the chair.) The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. PIKE. I can only say to the gentlemen
from Pennsylvania on this floor that while they
act for themselves, as I know they will, I hope
they will manifest no such selfishness as to
grasp at so weak a customer as the shipping
interest, and hold him with such iron grasp as
to squeeze the very life out of him, and all for
the purpose of making a small profit out of
sales to him that they can well afford to forego.
They can afford to let this customer go free,
and this whole House can afford to say to
American ship-builders and American ship-
owners, for the time, depressed as you have
been by these adverse circumstances, you may
go free from these onerous navigation laws that
necessity has heretofore imposed upon you
until you get an opportunity to recuperate
somewhat; until you can reestablish American
shipping abroad ; until once more the strug-
gling nationalities of the world and the hun-
dreds of thousands of the oppressed may
gather heart and hope from seeing the stars
and stripes float again in their harbors, and
thus gather from it the knowledge that the
great Republic of the West is strengthening
itself, and will aid them by its influence and
example and by the power of its principles in
their struggles hereafter. I cannot believe that
this House will deliberately abandon the right
arm of our national strength.
Mr. ALLISON obtained the floor.
Mr. BROOMALL. Will the gentleman yield
to mefora moment to suggest an amendment?
Mr. ALLISON. I yield to the gentleman.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. No amend-
ment is in order at this time.
Mr. BIIOOMALL. I propose, with the eon-
sent ofthe gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Eliot] and of the gentleman from Iowa, to
offer an amendment to the amendment of my
colleague, [Mr. Morrell.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the
gentleman from Massachusetts withdraw the
motion to recommit?
Mr. ELIOT. I will first hear what the
amendment is.
Mr. BROOMALL. I desire to amend the
amendment of my colleague [Mr. Moriiell]
by inserting just before the proviso in the
second section, the following:
And for the purpose of raising tho moneys required
to pay the said bounty, and to compensate the loss
by the said drawback, ten per cent, thereof shall be
added to the duties now imposed by law upon all
goods hereafter imported.
Mr. ELIOT. I cannot withdraw the motion
to recommit to allow any such amendment as
that to be offered.
Mr. COVODE. I desire to correct an error
into which the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Lrxcu] seems to have fallen. lie said there
had not been a ton of coal shipped from Penn-
sylvania and Maryland to any port east of New
York. I desire to say that there were thirty
thousand tons of coal shipped from my own
mines, in my own county, to the East; it was
sent to Massachusetts last year, and we expect
to ship fifty thousand tons there this year.
Mr. LYNCH. I desire to say that I was
speaking of the time when the reciprocity was
iu operation. I did not intend to say, and if
I did it was by mistake, that not a ton of coal
was shipped east of New York; but I intended
to say that no largo amount was shipped there.
And I want further to say that I made this
same statement at a dinner in Pittsburg, and
it was not only not contradicted, but I was told
by the largest owners of coal mines there
present, that what 1 had said was literally true.
message from tub senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gor-
iiam, its Secretary, announced that the Senate
had passed, without amendment, House bill
No. 867, fortherelief of Jonathan Jessup, post-
master at York, Pennsylvania.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
An act (S. No. 522) to authorize the Com-
missioner of Revenue to settle the accounts of
Andrew S. Core; and
An act (S. No. 540) to regulate the sale of
hay in the District of Columbia.
The message further announced that the
Senate requested the return of House bill No.
650, to amend the act of the yd of March,
18Q5, providing for the construction of certain
wagon-roads iu Dakota Territory.
WAGON-ROADS IN DAKOTA.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If there be
no objection, the request of the Senate, just
received, will be granted, for the return to the
Senate of House bill No. 050, to amend the act
of the 3d of March, 1805, providing for the
construction of certain wagon-roads in Dakota
Territory.
No objection was made; and the bill was
accordingly directed to be returned to the
Senate.
promotion or american commerce.
The House then resumed the consideration
of House bill No. 929, to promote American
commerce.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to occupy a few
moments by calling attention to the second
section of this bill. I have not examined the
other sections particularly, and therefore shall
not now refer to them.
I object to the second section of this bill,
first, because it does not come from the proper
committee of this House. The proposition
involved in that suction is one to take money
out of the Treasury of the United States placed
there by means of import duties, and therefore
should be considered in connection with any
tariff bill which may be brought forward. My
friend, the chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce, [Mr. Wasiiburxk, of Illinois,] smiles
at that remark. I kuow this question was
referred to that committee, but I hold'that I
am correct nevertheless, as the subject should
be considered by the Committee of Ways and
Means.
In considering this section we must from
necessity consider what amount of money will
be taken out of the Treasury of the United
| States in order that that money may be given
i to the ship-builders of Maine and other States.
' They tell us that it costs ยง10,000 to the ship-
t builders on each ship they build, because of
I the onerous tariff duties we have imposed. I
I believe that is true. I agree with my friends
I who advocate this measure that this ship-build-
1 ing interest has been depressed because of
excessive duties, as I also believe other inter-
ests have been depressed by excessive duties
upon other articles. The true remedy lies in
a revision of our tariff laws# so that no great .
interest shall be depressed m order to foster
and protect particular interests.
But who is to be protected by means of this
bill i If you will turn to this second section
you will see that everything that enters into
the building of a ship is to be allowed to be
imported free of duty ; in other words, a draw-
back is to be given to the man who imports
any article to be used in the construction ot
any vessel. It % simply a proposition to
enable the ship-carpenters of Maine to use the
lumber of New Brunswick and Canada, the
iron and copper of England and Sweden, ana
the cordage of Russia, in building their ships.
It proposes to strike down absolutely three or
four or five of the great interests of this coun-
try, in a certain degree at least, by a vicious
system of drawbacks, under which great frauds
may be perpetrated on the revenue. ^
Now, I want my friend from Maine [Mr.
Blaixe] to tell us why they ask for free trade
in ship-building, and insist upon protection for
every other branch of manufacturing industry?
Mr. BLAINE. I can answer the gentleman.
Mr. ALLISON. In a moment. If free
trade is good for Maine and for ships and ship-
building, why is it not good for the whole coun-
try ? If it is good for one great interest, why
is it not good for all great interests ? I want
that question answered.
Mr. BLAINE. I will answer the gentleman
in a word, that the shipping interest is differ-
ently situated. When you build a ship for the
commerce of the world you send it abroad to
compete with every other ship in every other
country. You are unable by your laws to give
her any protection or to prevent the greatest
competition from every other nation iu the
world. When you protect your manufactures
at home by laying a duty upon the same man-
ufacture of other countries, why, sir, you shut
out the entire competition of the world. If
you levy an internal revenue tax upon our
manufactures here, you at the same time raise
the tariff duty in order that the internal tax
may not depress the home manufacture or give
an advantage to the foreign article. You raise
the tariff in order that you may shut out for-
eign competition. If the gentleman from Iowa
cannot see the difference between a vessel
launched and that departs for foreign ports,
not deriving any benefit from our laws, and
which has to compete with all the other nations
of the world, if he cannot see the difference
between that and the manufactures which are
protected by a high class of duties, he must
then conclude that his logic is false.
I say further, Mr. Speaker, that I object
entirely to this being considered a bounty to
the ship-builder. 1 object utterly to it! I
deny it. I deny that it is a bounty. I say that
all the ship-builders ask is to be relieved
from these burdens. There is a wide distinc-
tion in the logic and statement of the case.
You find no protection to these ships. If I
build a ship on the banks of the Kennebec,
send her to Liverpool, and she meets a ship
from the banks of the St. John, or from any
other part of the world, now what protection
do your laws give her over the foreign ship?
What protection do you give her? Not the
slightest in the world.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I should like to ask the
gentleman from Maine a question, if he will
allow me, right in the line of what he is say-
ing. There are three or four million men
in the West who ask<only to be relieved from
the burdens of taxation. The gentleman says
that is all the ship-building interest ask. I
say there are three or four million laborers in
the West 
Mr. BLAINE. When that question comes
up we will then discuss it.
One fact further ; I have not listened to the
debate, but I suppose it has been exhausted.
There is one fact which gentlemen ignore
entirely, and that is the freights of these ships
