THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155
this case and put that in, I do not see why ha
lias not a right to converse with Mack, and
Jolm, and Joe, and J. B., and J. B. S., and
T. li. S., and X. L. W., or whoever he may
talk with, and put all that in.
I take it there is no law which makes a con-
versation with General Sherman any more
competent than a conversation with any other
man. And where are you going to stop in this
trial? Go on thus and they will get the forty,
the sixty, the ninety, the one hundred days—
more than the forty they first asked, by simply
calling everybody with whom the President has
had conversation; for I believe I may say with-
out offense that he is understood to be a great
conversationalist, and on this principle they
may introduce proof of all that he has said to
everybody else about that time about the ease ;
and if we may believe report, we are to have
reporters and everybody else with whom the
President has engaged in conversation.
Allow me to say one thing further. Gentle-
men of the Senate, I said in your hearing to
the learned counsel that I did not think it right
for him to state what he expected to prove;
and in order to prevent his stating it I said he
might imagine any possible conversation. I
objected to it, because he thereby gets before
the court, before the court and jury, before the
court and the country, a supposition that he
could prove that thing. That is what it is done
for; it is an argument to the prejudice ; and I
thought it then unprofessional, and I state that
in that very book which he held in his hand in
Hardy's case the attorney general of England
offered to read a letter found in Hardy's pos-
session and lie began to read it. Erskine ob-
jected, and said " You must not read it until it
is allowed to go in evidence.'' Said he, "I want
the court to understand what is in the letter.
It cannot be read for that purpose. Argue
from its situation, argue from where it was
found, argue from who signed it, what its per-
tinency or relevancy is ; but you cannot read
the letter and put it in before the court and jury
until after it is ruled to be in evidence." The
gentleman in his practice—I charge it upon him
here—lias seen hundreds of times a court stop
counsel and say, "Hand it tome; hand the
paper up to me ; you must not read it until after
it is ruled upon." I objected all that I could,
but an aggregate body like this of coursc could
not stop him if he chose to go on. Now, what
was said after he had argued it? He said he
wanted to show that the President had tried to
get this officer of the Army to take the War
Department, so that he could get Stanton out.
That is what we charge, that he would take
anybody, do anything, to get Stanton out. That
is the very thing we charge. lie would beglad
to get General Sherman to aid him. He would
have been glad to get General Grant. Failing
in him he tries General Sherman. Failing in
him he tries Major General George H. Thomas,
the hero of Nashville. He failing, he is willing
then even to take Lorenzo Thomas to get Stan-
ton out. What for? The late Attorney Gen-
eral has. said the purpose was to drive Stanton
into the courts. The President knew, or his
counsel knew, that Stanton could not go into
the courts to get back again. There is no
proper process.
Let them stale the process, if they can, by
which Mr. Stanton was to be reinstated in
office. 1 think they will find it as difficult to
show to the Senate such a process as they will
to show that where a general law applies to
the States and Territories of the United States
it does not apply to the District of Columbia.
It will be as difficult and fully as troublesome
to show the one as the other.
Sow, the simple question comes back to us,
and it is the only one on which you are to rule,
Are the conversations of the President with
General Sherman evidence? If the conversa-
tions with him are evidence, is not every con-
versation that the President has had at any time
with anybody evidence in this case? Where is
the distinction ?
Mr. EVxlRTS. Mr. Chief Justice and Sen-
ators, some incidental questions, partly oi pro-
fessional propriety, have arisen and been dis-
cussed at some length by the learned Manager.
Let me read from page 105 of the record of
this trial on the question of stating what is
intended to be proved.
Wo objected to certain testimony, and then
this occurred:
" Mr. Manager Butler. The object is to show the
intent and purpose with which General Thomas went
to the War Department on the morning of the 22d of
February; that he went with the intent and purpose
of taking possession by force; that he alleged that
intent and purpose; that in consequence of that alle-
gation Mr. Burleigh invited General Mooiuiead
and went up to the War Office. The conversation
which I cxpect to prove is this: after the President
of the United States had appointed General Thomas
and given him directions to take the War Office, and
after he had made a quiet visit there on the 21st, on
the evening of the 21st he told Mr.BUKLEiGHthatthe
next day ho was going to take possession by force.
Mr. Bukleigii said to him 
"Mr. Staxukry. No matter about that. ATo ob-
ject to that testimony.
" Mr. Manager Butler. You do not know what
you object to if you do not hear what 1 offer.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Iiead on: "We
object to it," and I stopped.
Mr. EVARTS. I have read what I have
read; sir.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. But stopped a
little short.
Mr. EVARTS. I have read what I have
read. Now, sir, we come to the impropriety
of my learned associate's having drawn atten-
tion to the pertinency of what appeared in
argument and in the citation of authorities
upon the trial of Hardy, and whether that
question was pertinent to this or not. Now, 1
understand the question which was there dis-
cussed related cxactly to the introduction of
conversations between the accused and the
witness produced to prove them, antecedent to
the period of the alleged treason; and it all
resulted in this, on page 10SJ6 of 24State Trials:
"Lord Chief Justice Byre. You may put the question
exactly as you propose. I confess I wished by in-
terposing to avoid all discussion, because I consider
what we aro doing, and whom wo havo at that bar,
and in that box, who arc suffering by every mo-
ment's unnecessary delay in such a case as this.
" Mr. Erskine. I am sure the jury will excuse it; I
meant to set myself right at this bar; this is a very
public placc.
" Mr. JJaniel Stuart examined by Mr. Erskine."
The question was put exactly as he pro-
posed:
" Bid you before the time of this conversation being
held, which is imputed to Mr. Hardy, ever hear from
him what his objects were—whether he has at all
mixed himself in that bu&iness ?
" I havo very often conversed with him."
And then he goes on to state the conversa-
tions.
Now, Mr. Chief Justice and Senators, I come
to the merits of this question of evidence. This
is a very peculiar case. Whenever evidence
is sought to be made applicable to it, it is a
crime of the narrowest dimensions and of the
must puny proportions ; it exists for its com-
pletion and for its guilt, for its enormity and
for its claim to punishment, upon the delivery
of a written paper by the President to General
Thomas, to be communicated to the Secretary
of War; and that offense, in those naked pro-
portions, if contrary to a valid law and if done
with intent which makes it criminal under that
law, the Congress in the enactment which
makes it indictable has permitted to be pun-
ished by a fine of six cents and no more ! That
is the naked dimension of the mere technical
statutory offense, and that is included within
the mere act of the delivery of a paper unat-
tended by any grave public considerations of
guilt and of consequence that should attend it
to bring it into judgment here. When we come
to evidence, 1 say thus puny are the propor-
tions of the offense and thus limited the range
to which the defendant is permitted to call
witnesses. But when we come to the magnifi-
cence of the accusation, as found on page 75,
italicised by the Managers, wo will see what
it is:
"Wo define, therefore, an impeachable high crime
or mndemeuuor to be one in iti nufureor consequences
subversive of some fundamental or essential iinnciple of
government or lnyhly prejudicial to the public intermit,
and this may consist of a violation of the Constitution,
of lav:, of ail ojfieial oath, or of duty, by all act commit-
ted or omitted, or, without violating a positive law,, by
the abuse of discretionary powers from improper mo-
tives, or for any improper purpose."
Without any violation of law, an act maybe
done in abuse of discretionary authority with
improper motives or for an improper purpose S
anu thus the widest possible range is opened
to this inquiry on the part of the accusation, to
bring within the range of guilt the President
of the United States. Bat farther, the claim
is that it is a mistake, on the whole, to think
that it is a question of guilt or of innocence,
but, in the phrase of the learned Managers,
"Is it not rather more in the nature of an in-
quest of office;" and then, on page 77:
"We suggest, therefore, that wo aro in thepres-
onco of the Senato of the United States, convened
as a constitutional tribunal, to inquire into and de-
termine whether Andrew Johnson, because of mal-
versation in office, is longer fit to retain the office of
President of the United States."
At page 97 we come a little more definitely
to matter bearing upon this question, and I beg
the attention of Senators to this:
" It may be said that the President removed Mr.
Stanton for the very purposo of testing the constitu-
tionality of this law before the courts, and the ques-
tion is asked, Will you condemn him as for a crime
for so doing? If this plea were a true one it ought
not to avail: but it is a subterfuge. Wo shall show
you that he has taken no stop to submit the question
to any court, although more than a year has elapsed
sinco the passago of the act."
Then, at page 108, we are told:
"Upon the first reading of the articles of impeach-
ment tlio question might havo arisen in the mind of
some Senator, Why aro these acts of tho President
only presented by the House when history informs
us that others equally dangerous to the liberties of
the people, if not more so, and others of equal usurp-
ation of powers, if not greater, are passed by in
silence?
"To such possible inquiry wo reply: that the acts
sot out in the first eight articles are but the culmi-
nation of a series of wrongs, malfeasances, andusurp-
ations committed by tho respondent, and therefore
need to be examined in tho light of his procedent
and concomitant acts to grasp their soopo and do-
sign."
And then common fame and current history
are referred to, and confirmed by a citation of
cases two hundred and forty years old from
the British reports, to show that they are good
ground for you to proceed upon in your ver-
dict. Bringing, then, this to a head, the hon-
orable Manager says:
" Who does not know that from the hour he began
these his usurpations of power he everywhere de-
nounced Congress, tho legality and constitutionality
of its action, and defied its legitimate powers, and,
for that purpose, announced his intentions and car-
ried out nis purpose, as far as he was able, of remov-
ing every truo man from office who sustained the
Congress of the United States? And it is to carry
out this plan of action that ho claims the unlimited
power of removal, for the illegal exercise of which
ho stands beforo you this day.
These are the pretensions and these the
dimensions of public inculpation of the Chief
Magistrate of this nation which are of such
grave import. From their intent and design,
from their involving the public interests and
the fundamental principles of the Government,
they are worthy of this greattribunal's attention,
and of a judgment that deposes him from his
office and calls upon the people for a reelec-
tion. All the eleven articles are upon trial,
and if this evidence be pertinent under any
of them it is pertinent and admissible now.
And now 1 should like to look first to the ques-
tion of the point of time as bearing upon the
admissibility of this evidence. Under the
eleventh article the speech of the 18th of Au-
gust, 1860, is alleged as laying the foundation
of the illegal purposes that culminated in 18ti8,
to point the criminality, that is what made the
subject of accusation in that article. Proof,
then, of the speeches of 1866 is made evidence
under this article eleven, that imputes not
criminality in making the speech, but in the
action afterward pointed by the purpose of
the speech. So, too, a telegram to Governor
Parsons, in January, 1807, is supposed to be
evidence as bearing upon the guilt completed
in the year 1868.
So, too, the interview between Wood, the
office-seeker, and tho President of the United
States, in September, 1806, is supposed to bear
in evidence upon the question of intent in the
