1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tion, not simply by intendment, not simply by
implication, but by the express letter of the
Constitution of the United States.
But this is a very different thing. Here is
a proposition to authorize the Legislature
elected under the constitution already adopted
by the people of Alabama to amend that con-
stitution at their pleasure. I say it is without
a parallel in the history of the country. I give
the gentleman the benefit of the suggestion of
the case of Nebraska. The Legislature elected
under the constitution which they were sworn
to support were asked to change that consti-
tution, and that, too, withing giving the people
a vote upon the subject. Asked to change it in
what? In one particular only. Gentlemen
doubtless thought that it stood within the pro-
visions of the Constitution of the United States
as the Constitution then was, for the Consti-
tution was not then, in my judgment, what it
is now—not by any manner of means. I in-
timated upon that occasion, speaking for my-
self, that if the fourteenth article of the amend-
ments had been adopted I thought it very
likely that within tbe provisions of that amend-
ment, so far as the elective franchise was
concerned, within the general rule that had
obtained in the States, it might be competent
for Congress to do the very thing which Con-
gress did attempt to do in that case. But that
is foreign to this matter.
Now, having indicated the objections to these
various amendments to the bill, I desire to say
a few words further in support of the bill as
originally reported and without the amend-
ments which are attempted to be fastened upon
it, in the hope that the House will come to a di-
rect decision upon the questions; first, whether
the original bill shall be perfected by striking
out this third section; and second, whether
the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] shall be re-
jected : and third, whether the substitute for
this bill, offered by my colleague, [Mr. Spald-
ing,] shall also be rejected; and lastly, whether
the bill so amended shall be passed.
The bill, if it be passed in that shape, will
be substantially the bill upon which you admit-
ted the State of Tennessee. That bill worked
well for the Republic, worked well for the Rep-
resentatives of the people that passed the law,
for the people sustained them everywhere. And
I venture the prediction that if the House pro-
ceed with this work, following the example set
in that case, and admit the State of Alabama,
so far as this House is concerned, agreeing to
the first and second sections of this bill as re-
ported by the committee, they will find them-
selves again sustained by the constituencies
which they immediately represent upon this
floor, and sustained hereafter by the action of
the people of Alabama.
Men consult their own interests in matters
of this kind. And it is of the highest interest
to the people of Alabama, for it touches even
their personal security and the security of
their homes and their firesides, that they shall
provide for the futuie by extending and secur-
ing to a large majority of all tbe male popula-
tion of the State the right of the elective fran-
chise as authorized by the provisions of their
constitution. That being doae, I shall be con-
tent.
But, says the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Eldridge,] appealing to your record,
Mr. Speaker, and to my record, "Yougoback
upon yourselves.'' I remember that day, Mr.
Speaker, when, ten years ago, standing in your
place here as a Representative of the people
of Indiana, you made the speech from which
the gentleman read some portions—a speech
which did honor alike to your head and your
heart. Bat the gentleman saw fit, taking ad-
vantage of your present position, when you
eoald not speak for yourself, to mutilate your
speech. For his own purposes the gentleman
substituted in my speech of that day the word
" Alabama" for the word " Kansas."
Sir, how was it about the constitution of
Kansas ? It never emanated from that people.
No seventy thousand, no fifty thousand, no
twenty thousand, no ten thousand, no thou-
sand of the resident citizens of Kansas ever
voted for it. You exposed that fact, and so
did I, in the arguments which we made on that
day. That constitution, known as "the Le-
compton atrocity," was nothing more nor less
than a written conspiracy against the rights of
the people.
The gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eld-
kidge,] did well to read so much of our
speeches as he did, for they reflect no discredit
upon us. He also did well, perhaps, to omit
so much of our speeches as he did omit, for
that reflects credit upon his ingenuity. If he
had pursued his investigations further in that
record he would have found that there was
imbedded in that Lecompton constitution the
blasphemous doctrine that the right of owner-
ship in slaves was before and higher than any
human constitutions or laws, and that the con-
stitution of Kansas should never be so amended
as to affect the ownership of property in slaves.
Are the cases of Alabama and Kansas par-
allel? 1 hey are as wide apart as the poles;
as manifestly distinct as those two conditions
in the universe, heaven and hell. There is no
use in attempting to get up a parallel. Here
is a constitution which secures to every human
being, irrespective of the accidents of birth,
color, race, or the adventitious aid of wealth \
or social position, the equal protection of the
laws. On the other hand, there was a consti-
tution that smote down men on account of
their color, and declared that they had none
of the rights whatever which belong to human
nature.
I am not to be moved from my support of
this bill by any reference of that sort to my
past record. Here is a constitution of govern-
ment republican in form; a constitution rati-
fied by the votes of seventy thousand freemen ;
a constitution, I venture to say, supported by
a larger vote, with perhaps a solitary excep-
tion, than the constitution of any State of this
Union organized underthe Constitution of the
United States ever received in its inception.
Now, my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Williams] talks of the majority principle.
What, sir, is the majority principle in this coun-
try and in every State of the Union but the
principle that the majority of those voting at
the election shall determine the result. That
is all there is of it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would like the gentle-
man to say why that principle was not adopted
in the reconstruction act.
Mr. BINGHAM. I answer, because the
gentleman and his friends, aided by a minority
on our side of the House, voted it down. But,
sir, we have repealed the provision of our law
that conflicted with this principle, and the prin-
ciple is now embodied in our act; and I want
some man in this House or out of the House
to tell me the difference between recognizing
that principle now, after the fact, or recog-
nizing it before the fact and allowing it to go
| through this operation again. It is the differ-
ence between tweedledum and tweedledee. If
it be wise or just or proper for this House to
provide that Seventy thousand votes shall be
sufficient next May to adopt and ratify this
constitution, it is within the power of this
House, to-day, to say that the seventy thousand
who did vote for it last February made it
thereby the law of that people. Why? Because
it is but the exercise of the right of petition,
and, no matter how or when that right may be
exercised, it is for Congress to give effect to that
petition, the highest petition of right known
among the American people, by a solemn act
of Congress. If you affirm their petition it
becomes fundamental law for the State; if you
j reject their petition, whether it be sent up last
1 February or next May, it will be no more than
so much blank paper.
[Here the hammer fell.]
_ Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois,^ [Mr. Fabnsworth,] who reported this
bill, is entitled to one hour to close the debate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I yield five minutes
of my time to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Dawes,] and afterward I will yield
twenty minutes to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stevens. ] I propose to occupy
but a brief time myself, as the House is anxious
to come to a vote.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I should be
very glad to vote for this bill as it comes from
the committee, either with or without the third
section, if I could seethatit afforded any guar-
antee of security to the people of Alabama. I
did desire that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] should, if possible, remove from my
mind some doubts which 1 at present entertain
on this subject. I regret that the gentleman,
in his seeming self-satisfaction with his own
ideas, was disposed to proclaim them as the
lex scripta of the House, and permit no man
to dissent from them as conclusive evidence
of the duty of this body. The gentleman
knows very well that he and I stood side by
side in this House in resisting to the extent of
our power what seemed to me precisely the
same thing as that which he denounced a mo-
ment ago when referring to the proposition of
his colleague from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding.] That
which the gentleman proclaimed has never
been done before is, it seems to me, precisely
the thing which has been done time and again.
My purpose, however, in rising at this time,
was merely to put on record a reason why I
am unwilling to vote for this bill. The prop-
osition of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spald-
ing] will secure to the people of Alabama
everything that is secured to them by the ori-
ginal bill, except one thing; and that is repre-
sentation in Congress. The theory of all our
legislation touching those States recently in
rebei'ion is that the moment representation is
secured to any one of them in this and the other
branch of Congress the State passes from under
our control, except so far as we may, under the
limitations of the Constitution, control every
other State of the Union; in other words, that
if Alabama be admitted to representation in
the Halls of Congress, then, whatever may
afterward result, we can no more interfere with
the State of Alabama than with the State of
Massachusetts. That is the theory upon which
all our reconstruction legislation rests.
Now, it is proposed by the substitute of the
gentleman from Ohio to legislate so that every-
thing which, under the Constitution, can be se-
cured to those people shall be secured to them,
exeeptrepresentationin thetwo Houses of Con-
gress. It is insisted, however, that it is our duty
not only to secure to them this right, but also to
take them from under the supervision of Con-
gress hereafter. Notwithstanding the doubt-
ful condition of things in that State, notwith-
standing the uncertain voice of the people
touching this fundamental law, gentlemen of
this House are unwilling to say to those peo-
ple, "We will put you in a condition in which
you will be able to prove whether you can sus-
tain your constitution and your personal rights
under it." It appears to be absolutely neces-
sary, in the opinion of those who advocate the
original bill, that representation in Congress
shall be at once granted to Alabama.
Now, Mr. Speaker, 1 confess to have under-
gone some change of views during the years I
have spent in this House touching the question
of granting representation iu Congress to those
portions of the country that have been under
the control of the rebellion. You remember,
sir, that in times past 1 have struggled to se-
cure representation to even single districts as
the armies of the United Stales cleared out the
rebellious element in those districts. I have
stood here trying to secure to them, district
after district, representation in this House.
But, sir, I have become satisfied that repre-
sentation in Congress, instead of being the first
tiling to be secured to these States, should be
the last thing; that the State should first be
built, up, personal rights should be secured, the
damage done by the rebellion should be re-
