2214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
paired, the stability and security of the State
as an prganizedand peaceful community should
be made certain 5 and representation in Con-
gress should follow and grow out of that secu-
rity, not be relied upon as a means of bringing
about such security. Representation in Con-
gress sjiould be the last step in the work of re-
organization, not the first.
[Here the hammer fell.]
. Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Ihopethe
time of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] may be extended.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I cannot consent to
extend the gentleman's time. Mr. Speaker,
J now yield to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Stevens.]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I wish
to say a few words with regard to the condition
of this bill, and what seems to me as wise to
be done by this House.
Sometime ago Congress passed an act author-
izing Alabama and other waste territories of
the United States [laughter] to form constitu-
tions so as, if possible, to make them fit to asso-
ciate with civilized communities ; and we gave
them a certain length of time for that purpose.
It was provided—whether wisely or unwisely
it is not for me to say—that Alabama and these
other communities, after having their voters
registered, should hold elections and that a
majority of the registered voters should be
necessary to secure the adoption of such con-
stitutions. Unfortunately, Alabama in her
recent election has failed by a considerable
Dumber to poll the required majority for the
adoption of her constitution. The House,
foreseeing this difficulty before it finally hap-
pened, passed several months ago an act em-
powering these States to adopt constitutions by
a majority of the votes polled, in accordance
with the majority principle as recognized gen-
erally throughout the Union. But the Senate
(and here is the source of all our troubles) with
a wisdom far above that of this House—a wis-
dom which has characterized that body upon
many just such disastrous issues [laughter]—
let that bill lie upon their table for over two
months, though urged to take it up and pass it
before the election had taken place in Ala-
bama. The election was held, and itwasfonnd
tlnit the constitution had received, according
to the existioglaw, a minority of votes. Hence
wo ui'6 now called upon either to deny Alabama
admission under that constitution or lo violate
our own enabling act, which provided for ad-
mitting those States upon certain conditions.
Tlirre is nothing that prevents us from vio-
lating that act if we deem it prudent to do so.
1 am often reminded by gentlemen in this
Iluuse—some very wise and some otherwise
[laughter]—that J have said more than once
that all our legislation 011 this subject was
" outside q£ the Constitution." [Laughter.]
lie is "otherwise" who thinks that assertion
untrue. [Laughter.] This very proceeding
shows, if a majority here should adopt the
measure now proposed, that this House be-
lieves itself to be acting not in accordance with
the forms of the Constitution, which contem-
plates no such case of lapsed territory to be
i'01 tiled into communities and brought into the
nation.
When West Virginia was introduced I first,
made that declaration. That, State sought to
cmne in and was admitted by a majority of
this House, upon the ground that the people
bud trone through with the requirements of the
Constitution in obtaining the consent of both
those States when one had ceased to exist long
before and the other one existed in Ohio, and
gave her consent there. [Laughter.] I voted
for the admission of that State. I was not going
to make either a fool or a knave of myself and
say I voted for it under the Constitution, or I
did not know what I was voting for. I held
then, as I hold now, that having conquered that
portion of another power—a power recognized
as an independent belligerent by all civilized
nations of the earth, ours as well as the rest—
we had a right to treat them as a foreign na-
tion and take them in or keep them out as we
pleased. I said then that the Constitution had
nothing to do with them.
Now, I would inform my learned friends from
the bushes [laughter] that when I spoke of
being outside the Constitution 1 did not mean
that the Constitution does not recognize the
law of nations. It does recognize the law of
nations, and the law of nations recognizes the
right of a conquering power to do with its con-
quered territories as it pleases. Hence we had
a right to treat these rebel States after they had
become a power just as we pleased, without
the least reference to the Constitution except
so far as the Constitution covered over them
the law of nations under which we were acting.
I trust that I shall hear nothing more after this
explanation from my most obfuscated friends
who have so often seemed so ignorant of what
I meant or what they were talking about.
[Laughter.]
Now, Mr. Speaker, what are we to say with
regard to Alabama? And L confess to you,
sir, that I am not entirely clear as to what we
ought to do as a just and wise body. We have
power under the Constitution to admit new
States, whether made out of the fragments of
a confederate State or the fragments of a for-
eign nation, or by another process when we
come to agree with those States. For I hold
that when you come to admit new States you
can admit them 011 just such conditions as the
States agree upon. They are parties capable
of contracting, capable of proposing and con-
senting, and until they have lost their power to
consent by having become actually incorpo-
rated in another body which takes away that
power, they have always the right to enter into
such contracts, and after they have gone into
a negotiation and made a contract and it is
partly executed, they are bound to fulfill it.
What was done with regard to Texas? When
she was admitted it, was not only a condition
imposed by this Congress, but, it, was a propo-
sition made to that. State that she should keep
her wild lands and pay her debts, there being
over fifteen million acres of wild lands and sev-
eral million dollars of debt, which we after-
ward paid to be sure, because Texas could not
pay it. Did any body ever doubt that that was
a valid and binding contract 011 the people of
both sections—upon both nations, if you please,
for they were two nations—upon both contract-
ing powers?
Sir, after the many cases which I shall not.
enumerate, for it would be an intimation of
great ignorance on the part of members of this
House forme to do so, after the numerous cases
in which conditions have been proposed and
accepted and acted upon and never violated ;
after the conditions proposed to Missouri, to
Arkansas, and the other States, which, as I said
i will not enumerate, after the admission of
States without, enabling acts, timeout of mind,
for anybody to maintain, upon any tract of land
coming here and saying, " Here are one hun-
dred thousand people; here is a constitution
under which we would like to become one of
the members of your Union that, we cannot
upon that state of the case send that identical
constitution to their people to be voted upon,
and if ratified to be accepted and acted upon
here forever after, seems to me to be a degree
of ignorance which J. will not presume to exist
in this House.
If, then, we have a right to do it in one in-
stance we have a right to do it in all instances
in which we admit new States into the Union.
Now the only question is, although this State
has not lived up to this enabling act, are we
prepared to admit her as fit to associate with
freemen, a few of whom have so sympathized
with the rebels that they are unwilling to let
these poor men into this Union at all?
What is that Constitution? It is that every
man of sufficient age, twenty-one, shall be en-
titled to vote at their elections. If I were cer-
tain that those who have just perjured them-
selves and attempted to break down this glo-
rious Union would live and abide by then-
contract, and not attempt further to destroy us
if we admit this terrible leaven, i should not
hesitate. There are no forms, no omissions, that
would keep me from admitting them into the
Union at once. I confess I have my doubts—
I am sorry for it—as to whether, after we shall
have admitted them into the Union, and after
the morrow's sun shall have set upon them, they
will not be ready to call a new convention and
to reestablish slavery in some shape or form.
We know very well the ingenuity of these men.
We abolished slavery except for crime ; but I
have been informed of twenty cases in which
men have been sold into bondage and are now
serving in it. One case is in Florida, where
our commissioner of freedmen informed me
that he had seen six of them sold for twenty
years.- How do they do it ?
They pass a law that any man guilty of as-
sault and battery shall be sold into slavery for
twenty years. It is the law there now. They
go into the street and a white man jostles a
black one or a black man jostles a white one.
He is taken right to the court-house, is con-
victed of assault and battery, and is sold for
twenty years into slavery. There are hundreds
this day in the southern Stat.e3 who are serving
as slaves on just such contrivances. They
have so altered the law that they have intro-
duced the system of peonage, even worse than
in Mexico and the middle southern provinces.
And yet what shall we do? We must try so
to shackle them in some way that while we
are admitting these fraudulent white men we
are securing the poor ignorant black man from
their impositions. Hence it is that I have
moved to strike out all after the first section
and insert in it.s place what I think will be a
complete shackle.
But the proposition of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] to strike out the third
section is all, I must say, in the interest of
slavery. I have offered my proposition to try
to protect, if possible, freedom against the
wiles of the most wicked institution that God
ever afflicted man with or that ever could exist
through the invention of human ingenuity.
Mr. BIIOMWELL. I desire to make a sug-
gestion to the gentleman. His amendment is
considered not specific enough. It would per-
mit any citizen of any other State to vote in
Alabama who might happen to come in im-
mediately before an election.
Mr. STEV8NS, of Pepnsylvania. How
should I alter it ?
Mr. BROMWELL. Confine it to citizens
of the State of Alabama. As it stands now it
would confer the right of suffrage on both sexes.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. What
words shall I use?
Mr. BROMWELL. I want to know if that
is the gentleman's intention?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Oh. no ;
but the intention is that everybody shall vote.
Mr. BHOMWELL. I suggest to the gentle-
man that he use the words " citizens of tho
State according to the laws thereof.''
Mr. STEVENS, of Pen nsylvania. I will
make it read "citizens of the State.'' Now,
sir, I will vote for no constitution that does
not give universal and impartial suffrage, and,
so far as human ligaments can bind it, bind
that provision unalterably and ineradicable
into that instrument, so that if it is ever taken
out by the roots it shall take out every other
fragment of the instrument itself, and send
them back to act according to the provisions
of a new law.
[Here the hammer fell.]
_Slr. I AliNSW ORTH. I now yield five
minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts.
[Mr. Boutwki.l.]
Mr. BO U f WELL. Mr. Speaker, I wish to
make one observation in regard to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stkvens.] I believe that, however i„,l
may be its purpose, it is whollly inadequate- to
accomplish any practical result in the fo-m h.
which it is presented. It provides "that llm
r ghtof suffrage of citizens of the United State;
shall never be denied or abridged in said Stah,
Oil any account cxcept for treason, fe)onv or
outer crime inlaiuous aL common Jaw. *' Tbal
