1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
applies as well to women and children as to
men.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The gen-
tleman will allow me to say that that is not a
fair construction of the amendment; but I will
say "electors of the United States" instead
of "citizens."
Mr. BOUT WELL. Well, I do not see how
that would help the matter.
-Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Well,
how can you help it, then?
_ Mr. BOUTWELL. If I submit a proposi-
tion I consider it my province to meet all the
difficulties that may be raised in regard to it.
If I oppose a proposition it can hardly be sup-
posed that I will suggest the means to per-
fect it.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. If the
gentleman is opposed to the proposition, very
well; let him go on.
Mr. BROMWELL. Let the gentleman say
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I will
say " male citizens of the United States over
twenty-one years of age."
Mr. BOUTWELL. I am in favor of this
bill and opposed to the amendment submitted
by the chairman of the Committee on Recon-
struction [Mr. Stevexs] after the bill has
been agreed upon by the committee and re-
ported by them to this House. The objection
to the amendment submitted by that gentle-
man is so practical and easy to be understood
that, in my judgment, it is not possible for this
House or for Congress or for the country to
accept it.
What does the gentleman say in that amend-
ment ? That the right of suffrage shall not be
abridged except for treason, felony, or other
crime infamous at the common law. How is
that fact to be ascertained ? There is no pro-
vision here for that purpose ; but by the neces-
sary construction of the language, if employed
in a statute, it is to be ascertained by a con-
viction of the party. And does the gentleman
.rXiiect that the men who, by the third section
of the fourteenth article of amendments to the
Constitution of the United States, have been
declared to be ineligible to the office are to be
convicted in any court in Alabama of treason,
or that any considerable number of them are
ever to be arraigned? And will it not be a
consequence of the amendment of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] if it
shall be adopted and become a part of the law
of the land, that all persons in the State of
Alabama will be at once admitted to the exer-
cise of the elective franchise ? I say that the
amendment would give to every rebel in that
State, even though guilty of treason of the
highest grade, the right to vote at all the elec-
tions of that State.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BOUTWELL. I cannot yield to the
gentleman. He has had half an hour, and I
have only five minutes.
I have to say further only that the conditions
declared to be fundamental by the third sec-
tion of this bill are in entire harmony with
nine precedents in the history of this country,
and are within the rule laid down by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham;] they are
in harmony with the Constitution of the Uni-
ted Slates, and not in any sense outside of it,
or extianeous to it, and they are conditions
that are necessary to the security of this coun-
try, if Alabama is to be readmitted as a State
iu the Union.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I shall
not occupy much of the time of the House on
this occasion. I think I have been very con-
siderate so far, having occupied less than thirty
minutes when I reported this bill; and I shall
now occupy less than twenty minutes in closing
the debate upon it.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] opposes the passage of this bill be-
cause, he says, it will put the State of Alabama
in the hands of rebels. Gentlemen on the
other side of the House oppose its passage
because it will put the State in the hands of
loyal men. Now, who shall decide when doc-
tors disagree?
Sir, the arguments of gentlemen upon the
other side, through four speeches, have been
this, "only this, and nothing more," that we
put the State of Alabama into the hands of
what they please to call "negroes," and ex-
clude from the control of that State the dis-
loyal white men of Alabama, if we admit the
State under the constitution which is submit-
ted to us ; while now, at this late hour in the
debate, the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] says he opposes the bill because
he thinks our friends will not be able to hold
the reins there, but that the State will go over
into the hands of the rebels. Inasmuch as the
Democrats on this floor are unanimous in their
opinion regarding it, while the gentleman from
Massachusetts is only one of a very few on this
side of the House holding to his opinion, I am
inclined to think that they are right and he is
wrong, and that the question now before the
House is whether we are in favor of confirm-
ing the power of the State of Alabama in the
hands of loyal men, our friends and the friends
of the Government, the friends of human lib-
erty, human rights, and equality, or whether
we are willing to give it over to the hands of
the rebels.
The case of the State of Tennessee has been
referred to in this debate. Who upon this floor
doubts that if Tennessee had not been admit-
ted as she was, if Tennessee had been kept out
until this hour, she would have been in as bad
a condition as the State of Alabama is to-day;
that nothing saved the State of Tennessee to
the Union cause but putting the control of that
State into the hands of our friends there? The
legislative and the executive power of the
State, the power to make the laws to protect
the Union men and the freedmen, and the ex-
ecutive power to enforce those laws, are all
that has kept Tennessee loyal to the Union—■
all that keeps her so to-day. Every member
upon this floor from that State will agree with
me.
To reject Alabama now, after she has gone
through this struggle and has given her seventy
thousand loyal votes in favor of this constitu-
tion, to turn her back and say, " You shall go
through this agony again," is only to en-
courage rebels, while you dishearten and dis-
courage loyal men. It is only to make the
struggle more fearful, to leave more corpses
by the way, to have more men hung upon gib-
bets and lamp-posts, to have more murders
committed in that State, which we might prevent
by admitting the State, and getting the power
and control into the hands of the loyal men
there. Of this fact I am as firmly convinced
as I am of my own existence. To refuse to
admit Alabama is to perpetrate agreat wrong,
a wrong that will cry to Heaven against this
Congress, if you intend ever to admit those
States.
I say to gentlemen that things cannot drift
along in this way forever. Those States must
be admitted some time. There must be an
end of the confusion, the anarchy now prevail-
ing. We must have civil law and civil order.
We cannot always control those States by the
bayonet. Our friends in Alabama have formed
this constitution. The only complaint I have
heard against it is that it. secures equal civil
and political rights to all the loyal men of that
State. That is the only objection we hear from
the other side of the House. In favor of this
constitution more than seventy thousand votes
have been polled, while only one thousand
have been polled against it. The constitution
has obtained within eight thousand of one half
the registered vote of the State ; and we show
by incontestible proof that a larger number
than eight thousan d tried unsuccessfully to poll
their votes, while many others actually voted,
but their votes were destroyed, "i et. gentle-
men on this side of the House (and I am sur-
prised to see it) ask that we shall turn them
back, deny them admission when they knock
at the doors of Congress.
In pursuance of the constitution thus voted
upon the loyal men of that State have elected
a loyal Legislature—entirely loyal. Every
member of it is a loyal man. The entire Legis-
lature is in the hands of the Republicans;
and when I say that everybody understands
that it is in the hands of loyal men. They
have elected a Republican Governor and Lieu-
tenant Governor, and all the State and county
officers are Republicans. And who doubts
their loyalty? As soon as you clothe them
with the powers and functions of the State they
will have the entire legislative, judicial, and
executive power of that State in their hands.
If the State of Alabama could poll seventy
thousand votes in favor of this constitution
under the circumstances attending that elec-
tion, how many votes can be polled when the
loyal men control all the offices? If they could
poll seventy thousand when the offices were all
in the hands of the rebels, when the voters
were turned out of employment for voting,
kicked out of their cabins, waylaid and as-
saulted, hustled by violence away from the
polls, threatened with all kinds of ostracism
and persecution, who doubts that they could
poll one hundred thousand when they have the
control of the offices, and the power of State is
in their hands ?
Mr. MYERS. In furtherance of what the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth]
has stated I ask to read the following original
letter sent in January, 1800, to Captain Fran-
cis Lyons, a gallant soldier who had just been
honorably discharged from our service, noti-
fying him to quit the State. It is addressed
" To the traitor, Francis Lyons, late command-
ing Florida renegades;'"
Mobile, Alabama, Janunry 28,1868.
Sik: The undersigned, citizens ot Mobile, Ala-
bama, give you one week fioin date to leave the
place, and if found within the limits of the cits or
State after the time specified as above you and your
traitorous offspring will bo wiped into eternity as
sure as there is a God above you.
By order of special committee. Mobile, Alabama.
Captain Lyons remained, and a few months
later was brutally murdered almost in sight
of his wife, a lady now living in my district,
who in vain applies for a pension. This was
when Andrew Johnson began to inspire reb-
els with fresh courage, the whole power of the
State being placed by him in the hands of men
who are unfriendly to loyalty. That power
will now be given to loyal men, and those who
fought for or sympathize with the Union can
find protection.
Mr. FAKNS WORTH. Mr. Speaker, I have
letter upon letter from Alabama praying, beg-
ging, and beseeching Congress not to turn its
back upon them and make them go through the
cruel agony of another election. They ask to
be spared the mortification, humiliation, and
insults, to be spared the repeated publication
of the black list deprived of employment and
driven from their homes. They ask to be ad-
mitted now. Gentlemen say it is a violation
of law to admit the State. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevexs,] for whose
opinions I always entertain a very high respect,,
says, as I understood him, that if we admit
Alabama under this constitution we violate the
enabling act.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I made
no such intimation.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think the gentle-
man has mistaken himself.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I have
no doubt of our power to do it in good faith.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Thegeutleman used
the word " violation." I have no doubt, how-
ever, and so thought at the time, that he did
not intend it. Of course, it is not a violation
of the enabling act. The same Congress that
passed the enabling act has the right to pass
another, repealing as much of the former act
as it deems proper, and at most it is h']t:l
repeal. But I hold that this is neither a viola-
