1868. .
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
was treated I entertain no doubt that be regarded
it as perhaps his most efficient campaign document;
it certainly did him no injury."
Also, to the deposition of G. H. Chisum, of
Owensboroj Kentucky, /(page 16, printed evi-
dence,) in'which will "be round iliis statement:
" He admitted that he was the authorof that letter,
and was loudly applauded by a part of the audience.
The only excuse ne>made or-o-ffered for the wish was
that other men had "done tlio sajno thing. He did
not modify or recantthe wish therein expressed,
Also, to the deposition of Thomas G.^ Jones,
found on page 16 printed evidence in this case:
" Question. Did not Mr. John Young JBrown, in
his public harangue in our city in April last, admit
his authorship of the letter dated at Elizabethtown
and publishemin the Louisville Oourier, in which it
was stated substantially that any man who volun-
teered in defense of the Federal Government ought
to be, andhehoped would be, shotdown in his tracks ?
"Answer. I understood him to admit the author-
ship of the letter read by Mr. Smith of the same sub-
stance as above. Do not know whether said letter
was published in Louisville Courier or not."
Also, to the deposition of Joseph Land, of
Christian county, Kentucky, proving the same
fact, (page 23.)
Also, to the deposition of Mark Weding, of
Ohio county, Kentucky, who swears substan-
tially the same thing, (page 26.)_
Also, to the deposition of Benjamin Duvall,
(page 29:)
"I heard J. Y. Brown speak in the Union church
at Hartford about one week before the election. 1
heard the Union candidate, Smith, read a letter that
Brown had written to the Louisville Courier about
the beginning of the war, in which letter J. Y. Brown
said that if one man could be found in this Common-
wealth who would join Lincoln in, his unholy war
against the South heought, and X believe will, be shot
down before he leaves the State; but said that ho
had reference to some questions propounded by ex-
Governor Helm concerning Kentucky's neutrality.
Brown did not deny any part of that letter, as X
heard."
Also, to the deposition of S. W. Langly,
(page 90 printed evidence:)
" Mr. Brown made a speech at Hebbardsville, in
Henderson county, in the latter part of April, 1807,
in which his attention wa3 called to a letter purport-
ing to have been written by him in April, 1861. He
justified that letter as containing his sentiments at
the time it was written. 1 did not understand him
as retracting it at all in his-speech."
Also, to the deposition of Finis H. Little, of
Calhoun, Daviess county, Kentucky, (page 92,)
in which will be found substantially the same
statements.
Also, to the deposition of H. S; Park, of
Henderson, Kentucky, (page 94,) in which is
found the following:
" Mr. Smith had read a letter of Mr. Brown's, pub-
lished in the Louisville Courier in 1861. Mr. Brown
said he wrote that letter, and indorsed that policy at
the time; and, if I am not mistaken, he said. toe was
in favor of it yet. IundcrstotAlthemeritsoftneca.n-
vass to be which was the greatest rebel and which
the greatest Union man; it was charged agamst Mr.
Brown, both by Mr. Smith and Mr. Rittcr, that he
was a rebel in, 1861 and had been one ever since. X
do not recollect Mr. Brown's reply. .
" Question. Is it not a notorious fact in the second
district of Kentucky, and particularly in the county
of Henderson, that Mr. Brown is and has been dis-
loyal to the Government of the United States r All
Union men there look upon him as belonging to that
party."
Also, to the deposition of John R. Reno, of
Greenville, Kentucky, (pages 94 and 95,) in
which it is proven that at the discussions in
Muhlenburg county the letter referred to in
the report of the committee, together with the
test-oath, was read to the voters, and their atten-
tion called to the fact that Mr. Brown was
ineligible to take his seat if elected. Also, to
the deposition of H. S. Hicks, of Hebbardsville,
Kentucky, (pages 96, 97,_ and 98,) in which the
same facts are proven with regard to Hender-
son county. 1 should, Mr. Speaker, like to
read to this House these depositions in full, but
time will not permit, and 1 shall consequently
content myself with merely calling attention to
them. I would also call attention to the depo-
sition of James P. Mclntire, found on pages
99, 100, and 101 of the printed evidence m
this case, in which deposition the witness states
that in the discussions which took place in his
county the attention of the electors ^as called
to the fact that Mr. Brown was ineligible, and
in which is also found the following:
" Question. Is it not notorious through ^second
district of Kentucky that Mr. Brown, since 1861, has
been a member of the disloyal party of Kentucky,
and has been acting m concert with it.
"Anmoet. In my county, Muhlenburg, and in Mc-
Lane county, so far as I have correspondence, and in
a portion of Daviess, and, in fact, wherever his state-
ments have been brought before the people, eitherin
conversation orothcrwisc, thecurrcnt opinion is that
he was a rebel sympathizer; that his feelings and
sympathies were for the success of the rebellion."
And indeed, sir, nearly every one of the many
witnesses sworn in this case state, either directly
or indirectly, that the honorable gentleman is,
and has been since 1801, disloyal to the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and that his dis-
loyalty was and is notorious throughout his dis-
trict; and, sir, they might have truthfully added
throughout the State of Kentucky. The proof
is clear and conclusive that the voters in each
and every one of the twelve counties compos-
ing the second district of Kentucky had notice
of the gentleman's ineligibility, and that their
attention was directly called to the very act
which the committee deems sufficient to render
him ineligible. Nor is this all. It is not only
conclusively proven that the gentleman is dis-
loyal, and that the electors of his district had
notice of his disloyalty, but it is also proven, as
will be seen by reference to the depositions of
William Miller, Mark Wedding, William E.
King, and Benjamin Duvall, found in Report
No. 6, that Mr. Brown made the late race for
Congress as a disloyal person and as the can-
didate of a disloyal and treasonable party, and
that the electors who supported him boasted
of his treason and voted for him because he
was a traitor; and it is apparent from all the
proof in this case that his treason against the
Government of the United States was the basis
of his strength.
But I answer the committee on this question
of notice by quoting from their report, and if
the House will give attention they will see, and
I think the honorable chairman of the commit-
tee will agree, that in this question the report
of the committee is in itself conclusive as to
notice. On page 4 of the report is found this
language:
"The committee cannot avoid the force of another
consideration in this connection. Mr. Brown him-
self, so far as is shown, never, till the hearing betore
the committee, put upon this letter the constiuction
now claimed for it. As late as during the canvass for
the seat now claimed, in April last, it was publicly
charged upon him as a treasonable document, and
nowhere, as far as the committee can learn, did he
disavow the plain import of the words or claim for
them any other interpretation, but, on the other
hand, received the plaudits of rebel sympathizers
upon his announcement that the letter still expressed
his sentiments.''
And, sir, the honorable chairman of the com-
mittee, in contending that the notice in this case
was not complete, contends tor what neither
Mr. Brown nor his attorney would contend for
before the committee, and for what Mr. Brown
refused to contend before the House on Thurs-
day last.
And, sir, if the proof intended to sustain my
second proposition closed here I should con-
sider it conclusive; but unfortunately for the
honorable gentleman it does not. And here
permit me to remark that I had not expected
to be compelled to argue this point in this
cause, as it is not only in proof in the case, but
was admitted by Mr. Brown himself before the
committee of this House, that the letter which
I have read and had read, together with the
oath which each and every member of Con-
gress is required to take, was read to a major-
ity of all the electors in the second district of
Kentucky, and their attention called to the
fact that he (Mr. Brown) was ineligible to take
his seat if elected. And, sir, he not only ad-
mitted in a speech made before the committee
that I had read this letter in each and every
discussion during the late canvass, but also
stated that I and his other opponent, (Hon. B.
C. Hitter,) for the 'purpose of prejudicing his
claims before the people, had caused this let-
ter to be republished in various newspapers of
the State, and had caused thousands of copies
of it to be printed and scattered broadcast from
one end of the district to the other; and in his
concluding remarks before the conimittee he
said that I had not only charged him m this
Hall, but all over his district, with being guilty
of the high crime of treason,, and he appealed
to the committee, by their, report, in this case,
to relieve him of the infamy of sucji a .charge,
I say, in consideration of these faets,,i,ha"d"not
expected to be compelled by the rfiport,pf .the
.committee to discuss this feature in this con-
test. -
Nor was I more surprised at this feature in thje
report of the committee than I was to hear the
chairman of the committee, after Mr. Brown's
admissions on this floor oil Thursday last, con-
tending that the notice in this case was not com-
plete. Thegentleman takesth'every novel posi-
tion that the admissions made by Mr. Brown
before the committee and before this House
cannot beusedas evidence in this case. Ishall
not, Mr. Speaker, insult the intelligence of this
House by consuming time in attemping to show
that such aposition is untenable. But thegen-
tleman asserts that, outside of Mr. Brown's ad-
missions, there is nothing in the testimony to
show that this letter was ever read in but four
of the twelve counties composing the second
district of Kentucky. Sir, if the House has
paid close attention to extracts from the testi-
mony in this case which I have read, it is un-
necessary for me to remark that if the gentle-
man had paid the attention to the testimony
that his duty as chairman of the Election Com-
mittee required that he should have done that
he would not have made such assertions. And
while upon this subject I would ask the hon-
orable chairman of the committee a question;
it is this: in case all the resolutions of the com-
mittee are adopted, a vacancy declared, and Mr.
Brown should be returned, and the contestant
or any other loyal man should at the same time
be voted for, and appear here claiming the seat,
would the chairman of the committee then hold
that this House should again declare a vacancy
for said district ?
Mr. DAWES. I think that "sufficient unto
the day is the evil thereof," and therefore I
would not anticipate. It has been ray expe-
rience and that of every one, I think, during
this war. It is very difficult to lay down a rule
very far in the future. My own impression is
this, however—I have nothing to conceal about
it—1 have an idea of the beauty of our system,
and I have a great regard for the free play of
it; and, sir, the most beautiful part of it is
that it rests on the will of the majority. BiVt
there are constitutional provisions and provis-
ions of law——
Mr. SMITH, (contestant.) I did not yield
for a speech to the gentleman.
Mr. DAWES. 1 will give the gentleman my
answer. There are constitutional provisions
and provisions of law ample enough to protect
the House and the country from the introduc-
tion ofany rebel into Congress.
Mr. SMITH, (contestant.) I asked thegen-
tleman a question, and it was sufficient for him
to say yes or no. I did not wish any long ex-
planation ; I djjl not want a speech; I simply
wanted him to say whether or uot, if the peo-
ple of the second district of Kentucky should
return Mr. Brown to this House, and the con-
testant or any other loyal man should appear
and claim a seat, he would again favor the
declaration that the seat was vacant? Let him
answer the question yes or no. I would be
pleased to have an answer; but I decline to
to yield for a speech.
Mr DAWES. I am not particular about it.
Mr. SMITH, (contestant.) The honorable
gentleman need not tell us that he is not par-
ticularly anxious to answer the question; we
know he is not; he dare not answer it. His
course in this case has been such that he can-
not answer it without committing hirn.seit.
he says that he would admit the contestant
under such circum stances j then he admits the
law contended for in this case. If he says that
he would favor declaring a vacancy, then he
condemns himself of a contemptible begging
of the questions involved in this contest.
I had, Mr. Speaker, hoped that the gentleman
would have manliness enough to have taken
one or the other horn of the dilemma; but I
