3240
THE 00JS"GRESSIOKAL GLOBE.
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 529)
establishing rules and articles for the gov-
ernment of the armies of the United States,
reported it with amendments,
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
.ruDiic Lands, to whom ivas referred the memo-
rial of the Governor of Minnesota in relation
to the university lands in that State, submit-
' ,a 1-fPort, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
5oo) authorizing the allowance of the claim of
the State of Minnesota to lands for the sup-
port ot a btate umversity. The bill was read
and passed to a second reading, and the report
was ordered to be printed.
Po^r'nffi°MER?YTi fr0!?> the 'Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was
referred the bill H. R. No. 000) to ^
tor an American line of mail and emigrant
passenger steamships between Now York and
one or more European ports, reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY from the Committee on Post
Unices andl ost Roads, to whom was referred
the resolution (H. R. No. 215) relative to the
■Louisville Bridge Company, reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER, from tho Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
■No. o42) for the relief of Thomas W. Ward,
collector of customs at Corpus Christi, Texas
?? W'thout amendment.
Mr. CA1 iiiLL, from the Committee on
i inance, to whom was referred the bill (S
JNo. oJ3) to provide for a further issue of
temporary loan certificates for the purpose of
redeeming and retiring the remainder of the
outstanding compound-interest notes, reported
fit with an amendment.
Mr. WILLEY. The Committee on Claims,
T? referred thc i°int resolution (S.
M. AO. 138) to appoint a board of examiners
tor claimants against the United States in the
istate of Nevada, have directed me to report it
back and move ,tsi indefinite postponement.
nrt Ka ^ i i ll0pe tliat resolution will
in '"definitely postponed.
1 he PRESIDENT pro tempore. The report
will be passed over, if objection be made to its
Consideration.
tb^r'n^IL-LB?r' 1 wiI! cha"g° mY motion,
then, and simply move that the committee be
discharged from the further consideration of
the joint resolution.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY, from the same committee, to
whom was referred the petition of John Lock-
wood, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration ; which was agreed to,
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of J. G. liigelow
and the petition of Juiius W. Knowlton, asked
to be discharged from their further considera-
tion ; wflicn was agreed to.
ROBERT L. LINDSAY.
^AVIS. The Committee on Claims
have had under consideration a joint resolution
(H. R No. 268) for the relief of Robert L.
.Lmdsffy. I am directed to report the resolu-
tion back to the Senate without amendment,
and to recommend its passage.
1 wouic* ask tiie unanimous
consent of the Senate to allow that joint reso-
tn PapsaSe now- 1 will state
to the Senate that there are circumstances in
the condition of this gentleman of very great
urgency; and as the House has passed the res-
olution, and the Senate Committee on Claims
has repoited in favor of it, I ask the unani
mous consent of the Senate to consider it now
June 18,
Kentucky is quite familiar with the facts, and
I presume can give the explanation better than
I can.
Mr. DAVIS. _ I can explain it in a very few
lvords. Mr. Lindsay was commissioned by
■ ei 5^°,ver??r ot' M-iss°u« a second lieutenant
in IMH. His commission bears date in July
ot that year. He proceeded very actively and
successfully to raise a company, beginning
some time m August. So soon as he raised
Ins company lie joined the service, and was in
the battle of Pilot Knob, where he; with other
ollicers,'received the special notice and appro-
bation of General/Rosecrans for gallant ser-
vices. He had not an opportunity, in conse-
quence of his being cut off by Price's army
iiom the place where the regiment was, to
muster m his company until after the battle,
and until after he had raised his company and
rendered this active and distinguished service
tor three or four months' interval of time, in
which he asks to be allowed the pay of a second
lieutenant. He simply asks to be allowed that
pay lor the time ho was actually in the service
of the United States and doing gallant scrviee,
tor which time he was unable to have his com-
pany mustered m by reason of the facts I have
stated.
ihe joint resolution was reported to the
senate, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
 ww wuoiutu it, now.
unanimous consent the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole,
proposes to direct the Paymaster General
°L?6 A™* t0 ?ayt0 Robert L- Lindsay, late
of the fiftieth regiment Missouri volunteers, the
and allowances of a second lieutenant
of infantry from the 3d day of August, 1864,
to the 30th day of November, 1864.
Mr. WILSON. I desire some explanation
ot tbis resolution.
Mr. DRAKE. The honorable Senator from
BILLS INTRODUCED.
PO^-EIIOY. j am charged with sev-
eral bills that have been for some time in my
drawer, put into my hands by men from States
that are not represented, the States of Alabama
and Georgia. I have delayed introducing them
because I thought it was due that those States
should be represented hero; and as there is
now a hope that they will soon be represented
have thought I would introduce the bills
so that they may be printed and lie over. Of
course I do not expect any action on them until
these States are represented. They relate to
expired railroad grants and some local legisla-
tion that we cannot bo as familiar with as the
representation from the States concerned I
merely want to introduce the bills for the pur-
pose of reference and have them printed with
the distinct understanding that no action will
be taken upon them until these States are rep-
resented. I ask unanimous consent to intro-
duce these bills now, notice not having been
given. s
No objection being made, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 556) to revive the
grant of lands to aid m the construction of a
railroad from Selma to Gadsden, in the State
Alabama, and to extend the time for the
completion of said road, and for other purposes -
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
-By unanimous consent, leave was also granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 557) for completing
a direct and continuous line of railroad from
Washington city to Mobile and other points
South, creating a post route from Washington
city to Mobile and New Orleans, thereby se-
curing a more certain, speedy, and economical
transportation of the United States mails,
military stores, and munitions of war; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill fS
Wo. o58) to extend the limits of certain land
grants in Iowa and Minnesota: which was
read twice by its title, referred to' the Commit-
tee on 1 ubhc Lands, and ordered tobearintpd
Mr. CHANDLER asked, andbyuffious
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R No. 150) relative to the pay-
ment of certain claims to loyal citizens of the
United States; which was read twice by its
Judiciary t0 ° Commi"ee on the
Mr. WILLEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. ooO) to authorize the Secretary of the .
Interior to rent rooms necessary for the speedy
and convenient transaction of the business of
thc Patent Office ; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
APPEALS AND WRITS OF ERROR.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I movetotakeop Sen-
ate bill No. 472, which has been reported from
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 472) supplementary to an act entitled "'An
act to allow the United States to prosecute
appeals and writs of error without giving secur-
ity" was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to extend the provisions
of the act entitled "An act to allow the United
States to prosecute appeals and writs of error
without giving security," approved February
21, 18G3, to writs of error, appeals, or other
procoss in law, admiralty, or equity, issuing
from, or brought up to, a circuit court of tbe
United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The only provision of
this bill is to allow the United States to prose-
cute appeals from the district to the circuit
courts without giving security for costs. It
becomes necessary in revenue cases. It is very
desirable oftentimes to have those cases taken
from the district court by appeal or writ of
error to the circuit court. As the law now
stands security is required on the part of the
United States. Of course it is difficult to
obtain it, and improper that it should be
required.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, 'read the
third time, and passed.
THE CHIEF JUSTICESHIP.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now move to take up
House bill No. 861, relating to the Supreme
Court of the United States.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
K. No._8Gl) relating to the Supreme Court of
tbo United States was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mi\ TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary reported an amendment,to strike out
all of the House bill after the enacting clause
and insert a substitute. The amendment only
need he read. J
■ ^i pro tempore. The ori-
ginal bill will not be read unless some Senator
calls for ,ts reading The words proposed to
be inserted m heu of it by the amendment of
the committee will be read.
The words proposed to be inserted were read
as follows:
Arf tl fn?teed0f^htlC,f
OI- another appointment &U be
person so appointed shall Ka <ini-o tho
aetshanapplytoeverv er«ori<m^ v ' f
of Chief
The amendment was agreed to
Th,M1
PORT OF DELIVERY AT CAMBRIDGE
Mr. CITAN'DT I?p 7
indulgence of the now' with the
bills of tho P the btnate, to go on with the
first tn to] Co™mittee Commerce. I move
st to tale up Senate bill No. 533.
Bo WW10" wpf.agreed to ; and the bill fS
offcmolrtfiiTb"™ 0,"
the collection district of Baltimore' iTt
to be the usual fees of office^incfno* h'  ~
The bill was renortertT^i o noA'ng more,
to be engrossed for n th ^ Senate, ordered
third tim^ and nnsBorl readlDS, read the
