158
SUPPLEMENT TO
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I propose only to ;
claim my right to closc the discussion just to ,
call the attention of the Senate to this. Sup-
pose he did offer it, what does that prove? j
Suppose lie did not offer it, ivhat does that
prove? If you mean to deal fairly with the ;
Senate, and not get in a conversation under
the guise of putting in an act, what does it
prove? It would rather prove in our favor
that he was trying to get General Sherman to ,
take this office in order to get out Stanton, j
And if it was the mere act I should not object i
perhaps. The difficulty is, while it is not j
within the statute of frauds, I think it is within ]
everything but the statute. I think it is an
attempt under the guise of an act to get in a
conversation.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the question.
The Secretary read as follows :
Did tho President make any application to you
respecting your acceptance of tho duties of Secretary
of War ad interim?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justicc
will put the question to the Senate.
The question being put was determined in
the affirmative. So the Senate decided the
question to be admissible.
By Mr. Sxanbeky.
Question. Answer the question, if you please,
General Sherman ?
The Witness, (to the Secretary.) Will you
read it again, sir?
Tho Secretary read the question, as follows:
Did the President make any application to you
respecting your acceptanceoftho duties of Secretary
of War ad interim?
Answer. The President tendered me the office
of Secretary of War ad interim on two occa-
sions; the first was on the afternoon of Janu-
ary 25 and the second on Thursday, the 30th
of January.
Question. Mr. Stanton was then in office,
was he?
Answer. Mr. Stanton was then in office as
now.
Question. Was any one else present?
Answer. I think not, sir. Mr. Moore may
have been called in to show some papers, but
I think was not present when the President
made me this tender. To both of them—shall
I go on?
Mr. STANBERY. There is no objection.
Answer. To both of them I replied in writ-
ing. My answer to the first is dated on the
27th of January; my answer to the second is
dated on tho 31st of January.
Question. Did you receive any communica-
tion in writing from the President on that
subject?
Answer. I did not.
Question. What was the date of your first
letter ?
Answer. The 27th.
Question. Is that the letter to the President
or to General Grant ?
Answer. According to my notes, the letter
to the President; and I think my notes are
correct, for I took them from my record-book
this morning. The second letter I know to be
dated the 31st, also taken from the same rec-
ord-book.
Question. Now, referring to the time when
tho offer was first made to you by the Presi-
dent, did anything further take place between
yon in reference to that matter. Besides the
tender by him and the acceptance or non-
acceptance by you, what took place concomi-
tant with that act ?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I suppose you
mean to except tho answer?
Mr. STANBBjRY. I ask in reference to
that very thing as concomitant with the act.
Mr. Manager BUTLER, We object, for the
very plain reason that this is now getting in the
conversations again.
Mr. STANBBRY. You have got the act
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Ah, yes, Senators;
I call your attention to the manner in which
this case is tried. I warned you that if you
let in the act they would attempt to get in the
declaration under it. That was the opening
wedge. Now, they say they have got in the
act and they are going for the declaration, to
see if by chance tliey cannot get around your
ruling.
Mr. EVARTS. What is your proposition
now to the Senators ?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. My proposition is,
objecting to this evidence, that the evidence is
incompetent and is based upon first getting in
an act which proved nothing and looked to be
immaterial, so that it was quite liberal for Sen-
ators to vote it in, but that liberality is taken
advantage of to endeavor to get by the ruling
of the Senate and put in declarations which
the Senate has ruled out.
Mr. EVARTS. The tender of the War
Office by the Chief Executive of the United
States to a general in the position of General
Sherman is an executive act, and as such has
been admitted in evidence by this court. Like
every other act thus admitted in evidence as
an act, it is competent to attend it by whatever
was expressed from one to the other in the
course of that act to the termination of it. And
on that proposition the learned Manager shakes
his finger of warning at the Senators of the
United States against the malpractices of the
counsel for the President. Now, Senators, if
there be anything clear, anything plain in the
law of evidence, without which truth is shut
out, the form and features of the fact permitted
to be proved excluded, it is this rule that the
spoken act is a part of the attending qualifying
trait and character of the act itself.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. To that I answer,
Senators, that hero was an immaterial act—
mark, an act wholly immaterial. The only
qualification that could be put in would be the
answer, perhaps, of General Sherman; that is
not offered; but the offer is to put in an incom-
petent conversation as explaining an immate-
rial act. What is tho proposition put forward
here? It is that the Executive can make offers
of office to any man in the country, general or
other, and then put in the fact that he made
the offer of the office, and, as illustrative of
that fact, put in everything he said about it.
That is tho proposition. 1 did not use the word
"malpractice" about that proposition; but it
is a most remarkable proposition. He makes
an act himself, insists upon putting it in, and
then says, "I have got in the act; now you
must let me explain it." He could have saved
himself the explanation by keeping the act
out. But that is the proposition; and I un-
dertake—no; it is not worthy of words or as-
severation. A criminal on trial puts in his
act, presses it in, and then says, "I have got
the act in ; now I must show what I said about
it in order to explain that act.'' It argues
itself.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The counsel will
reduce their question to writing.
The counsel for the respondent reduced the
question to writing and presented it to Mr.
Manager Bbtler.
Mr. Manager BUTLER, having read the
question, passed it up to the Secretary's desk,
saying: i assume that it asks for conversations.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the question.
The Secretary read the question, as follows:
At the first interview at which the tender of tho
duties of the Secretary of War ad interim was made
to you by the President did anything further pass
between you and the President in reference to tho
tender or your acceptance of it?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. The President will
ask the counsel whether they expect, under
that, to put in the declarations of the Presi-
dent or the conversations of the President?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
will submit the question to the Senate as it is
proposed.
Mr. DRAKE. On that question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. Let the question be read.
The Secretary again read the question.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, najs 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buokalewi dole,
Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Eessenden, Fowler, Grimes,
Hendricks, Johnson, McCreery, Morgan, Norton,
Patterson of Tenne^ee. ltoss, Sprague, Sumner,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, \ ickeis, and Willej—23.
NAYS—-Messrs. Cameron, Catte!', Chandler, Conk-
ling, Connesp, Uorbett. Cragm, Drake, Edmunds,
Ferry, Frelinghuvsen. Ilarian, Henderson, Howard,
Howe, Morrill of j\Iainevr,iurnll of Vermont, AI.Or-
ion, Nye. Pattei>on of New Hampshire, Pomeroy,
lliunsey, :Sli or in an, Stewart, Thayer. Tip ton, Williams,
Wilson, and Yates—29.
SOX VOTING— Messrs. Saulsbury and TVaJe—2.
So the Senate decided the question to be
inadmissible.
By Mr. Stanbehy:
Question. Now, the second interview, Gen-
eral Sherman ; when did you say that was ?
Answer. The second interview, wherein he
offered me that appointment, was on the 30th
of January.
Question. In that interview did he again
make an offer to you to bo Secretary of War
ad interim f
Answer. Very distinctly, sir.
Question. At that interview was anything
said in explanation of that offer?
Mr. Manager BINGHAM and Mr. Manager
BUTLER. We object.
Mr. EVARTS. The same ruling, of course.
Mr. STANBERY. I only want it to be
ruled out, if you object to it. Let us have the
ruling upon it.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I would ask the
presiding officer whether that does not exactly
fall within the ruling just made?
Mr. EVARTS. We understand that it does,
Mr. Butler, and have so stated to the Chair.
We have asked our question, and we take the
ruling of the court against it.
By Mr. Staxbery:
Question. In these conversations did the
President state to you that his object was to
take the question before the courts?
Mr. Manager BINGHAM and Mr. Manager
BUTLER. Stop a moment. We object to
that.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The counsel will
please reduce their question to writing.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I suppose they do
not propose  
Mr. STANBERY. We have a right to
offer it.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. We have a right
to object to it.
Mr. STANBERY. That we understand
perfectly. We may state what we propose to
prove.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. But then, Mr.
President, the courts sometimes say, after
they have ruled a question, that it is not within
the proprieties of the trial to offer the same
thing over and over again. It is sometimes
done in a court for the purpose of taking a
bill of exceptions, or a writ of error on the
rulings. If the counsel say that that is the
purpose hero, we shall not object, because
they ought to preserve their rights in all forms.
But supposing this to be the court of last
resort, if court at all, there can be no proper
occasion over and over for throwing themselves
against the rulings.
Mr. STANBERY. I do not understand that
the ruling was upon this specific question. It
was the general question, what was said, that
was ruled out those times. I want to make the
specific question now to indicate what we desire
to prove. I now put the specific question
whether in any of those interviews the Presi-
dent said what was his intention in regard to
making the question at law ? I have not put
that question before.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. And, Mr. Presi-
dent, my remarks were in reply to the distinct
admission of the counsel that the question
came within the ruling and that he expected
it to be ruled out, but still intended to make
the offer.
Mr. EYARTS. That was the previous
question.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Oh, no; this last
one.
Mr. EVARTS. No; you are mistaken
about it. Besides, Mr. Chief Justice and
