4264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July'21,
So (the affirmative being one-fifth of the last
vote) the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr.TRO WBRIDGEand Mr. EGGLESTON
moved that the House adjourn.
indians at fort larned.
Pending the motion to adjourn,
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a com-
munication from E. W. Wynkoop, United
States Indian agent, and the officer in com-
mand at Fort Larned, Kansas, relative to the
assembling of large numbers of Indians at that
post, &c.; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations.
kickapoo indians in mexico.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a
communication from the Commissioner of In-
dian Afi'airs, withinclosures from the Secretary
of War and others, relative to certain Kickapoo
Indians now in Mexico; which were referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
trial op united states steamers.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Navy, transmitting, in
compliance with House resolution of the 8th
instant, relative to the trial of the United States
steamer Wampanoag, and vessels of that class,
with reports thereon; which were referred to
the Committee on Naval Afi'airs, and ordered
to be printed.
indian affairs.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a memorial on behalf
of the Indians by the Indian commission ;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
affai11s in texas.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House resolutions of the Texas
constitutional convention, providing for select-
ing M. C. Hamilton and 0. Caldwell to pro-
ceed to Washington and lay before Congress
certain matters therein specified, accompanied
by a report on lawlessness, &c., in Texas;
which was referred to the Committee on Re-
construction, and ordered to be printed.
The question recurred on the motion to
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at five o'clock, and five minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petition's, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. COBURN: A memorial of Thomas
J. Picket and others, citizens of Paducah,
Kentucky, ill relation to a claim of J. P. Wahl
for damages.
By Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio : The petition
of officers of the Army, asking for an increase
of pay.
By Mr. EGGLESTON : A memorial of
wine-growers of Ohio, protesting against a
reduction of the tariff on wines.
By Mr. ELDRIDGE : Resolutions of the
regents of the University of Wisconsin, for the
same full pay and allowance to the Army offi-
cers detailed as teachers or instructors as they
would be if on actual military duty.
By Mr. GARFIELD: The petition of R. D.
Mussey, late colonel one hundredth United
States colored troops, asking that the proper
accounting officers be directed to settle his
accounts on principles of justice and equity.
By Mr. GETZ: Two petitions from citizens
of Exeter, Oley, and Pike_ townships, Berks
county, Pennsylvania, praying for the estab-
lishment of a new post route from the city of
Reading, via Black Bear tavern, Oley turnpike
^oad, and Manataurry post office, to Pike post
office, in said county.
By Mr. HUNTER; Thepctition of Lot North,
postmaster at Patriot, Iudiana, asking relief
for public moneys which were stolen from him
on the 28tli day of March, 1867.
By Mr. LAFLIN: The petition of II. A.
House and others, of Jefferson county, New
York, in favor of the imposition of an additional
duty upon shingles imported from Canada.
By Mr. LOAN : A remonstrance of officers
in the volunteer service of the United States
against the passage of a certain Senate bill.
Also, the petition of citizens of Harrison
county, Missouri, for a pension to Richard
Lovelace, late a private in company G, forty-
third infantry Missouri volunteers.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of W. & J.
Drumond and others, ship owners of Maine,
protesting against the passage of a bill in rela-
tion to the merchant marine of the United
States.
By Mr. ROSS: A memorial on behalf of the
Indians by the United States Indian commis-
sion.
By Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania: The
petition of sundry officers of the Army, pray-
ing for the continuance of increased pay of
thirty-three and one third per cent, or the
passage of General Schenck's bill to fix and
equalize the pay of officers, &c.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, July 21,18G8.
Prayer by Rev. E. II. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Mr. CONNESS, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter of the Secretary of the In-
terior, transmitting communications in relation
to ccrtain Kickapoo Indians now in Mexico ;
which was referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
memorial.
Mr. HOWE presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Wisconsin, praying for the extension
of the time when the fifty per cent, clause of
the thirty-third section of the bankrupt law
shall take effect; which was ordered to lie on
the table, the Committee on the Judiciary
having reported on the subject.
reports of committees.
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on the
Library, to whom was referred the memorial
of Edward D. Neill, praying for the publica-
tion of the records of the Virginia Company
of London, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following petitions, memo-
rials, and resolutions, remonstrating against the
passage of an international copyright law, asked
to be discharged from their further considera-
tion ; which was agreed to:
Six petitions of printers of Philadelphia ;
Twelve memorials of the Philadelphia Typo-
graphical Union No. 2 ;
A memorial of citizens of Massachusetts ;
Two memorials of booksellers and paper-
makers of Philadelphia;
A memorial of manufacturers and dealers in
paper of the city of New York;
a memorial of paper-makers in Berks county,
Pennsylvania;
A memorial of paper-makers in Manayunk,
Pennsylvania;
Two memorials of Philadelphia Typograph-
ical Union No. 2 ;
A memorial of Boston paper manufacturers ;
Two memorials of citizens of New York ;
A memorial of citizens of Boston ; and
Resolutions of the National Typographical
Union.
Ho also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. R. No. 127)
expressive of the thanks of Congress to Dr.
Isaac S. Hayes asked to be discharged from its
further consideration; which was agreed to.
■Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom the subject was referred,
submitted a report accompanied by a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 107) for the relief of a cer-
tain United States Coast Survey officer. The
joint resolution was read, and passed to a sec-
ond reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 375) to repeal
an act approved March 2, 1867, entitled "An
act to regulate the disposition of fines, penal-
ties, and forfeitures received under the laws
relating to the customs, and for other pur-
poses," and to amend certain acts for the pre-
vention and punishment of frauds on the rev-
enue, and for the prevention of smuggling,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 1428) authorizing the admission in
evidence of copies of certain papers, docu-
ments, and entries, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 031) granting lands to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad from Nebraska City, in the
State of Nebraska, to intersect the Union
Pacific railroad, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the
memorial of" James C. Pickett, submitted an
adverse report; which was ordered to be printed.
post route bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom were referred
a great number of memorials, resolutions of
States, &c., on the subject of post routes, have
directed me to report them back, and ask to
be discharged from their farther consideration,
inasmuch as a bill on that subject has been
reported.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be made.
Mr. RAMSEY. And if the Senate will in-
dulge me, I should like to have the post route
bill passed this morning. We shall have to
pass it before we adjourn. It will occupy no
more time than will be consumed in the read-
ing of it. I move that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of that bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the bill at the
present time. Is there any objection ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like to
inquire of the Senator how much time it will
occupy ?
Mr. RAMSEY. Only the time spent in
reading it. It is not very long. It is the visual
post route bill at the end of the session, which
will have to pass.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is it a House
bill?
Mr. RAMSEY. Yes, sir. The committee
of the Senate have reported a substitute for the
House bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not like
to interpose, but it is absolutely necessary that
I should call up an appropriation bill this
morning.
Mr. RAMSEY. I shall assist the honorable
Senator in getting uphis bill as soon as this is
disposed of. This will not occupy over fifteen
minutes in reading and disposing of a few
amendments that are to be offered, and it will
then go to the House of Representatives.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee ot the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. II. No. 1427) to establish
certain post roads.
The Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads reported the bill with an amendment, to
strike out all after the enacting clause, and to
insert a substitute.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the amend-
ment, but was interrupted by
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. As that seems
to be a very lengthy bill, and I suppose it has
been printed and is lying on the table of every
