2216
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2B,
tion P or a repeal; "for ">vhji,t naeaos the provis -
ion in that enabling act which says that '' if
Congress shall be satisfied that a majority of
the registered voters were in favor of'the con-
stitution?" If we "are satisfied"—what does
that mean ? It certainly does not mean that
we shall be satisfied of the fact that a majority
of them voted for it, for this is a provision in
Edition: The intention of that law was to give
to,^Congress entire supervision and control of
the "matter. The chief object was to protect
loyal men and prevent rebels in the minority,
by fraud and violence, from forcing or palming
upon the people a constitution against their
wishes.
As I said when I reported this bill, accord-
ing^ the argument of some gentlemen here,
if eight thousand rebels or eight thousand cop-
perheads or Democrats or what not had come
out and voted against the constitution we would
be bound under this law to admit the State.
Is not this preposterous—that because eight
thousand or ten thousand did not vote against
it we should refuse to admit it, while, if they
had voted against it, we should be bound uuder
the liuv to admit it?
But, Mr. Speaker, I have detained the House
as long as I desire at this late hour.
The SPEAKER stated that the vote would
be first taken on the amendment of Mr. Bing-
ham; next on that of Mr. Stbvens, of Penn-
sylvania; next on that of Mr. Asiiley, of
Ohio; and then on that of Mr. Si'aldikb.
Mr. BROOKS. I desire, whenever it shall
be iu order, to submit a motion to recommit
the bill and amendments to the Committee on
Reconstruction.
The SPEAKER. That will not bo in order;
the previous question operating prevents its
being made.
Mr. BROOKS. I refer to page 190 of the
Manual, paragraph 124.
"After commitment and report thereof to tho
House, or at any time beloro its passage, a bill may
be recommitted."
The SPEAKER. The point of order would
be sustained if the previous question did not
operate. By referring to page 132 of the Digest
it will be seen that—
"When a question is under debate no motion
shall be received but (1) to adjourn , (2) to lie on tho
table,(S) for the previous uacoUon, (1) to poxtpouo to
a day certain, (i) to commit or amend, (ti) to postpone
indefinitely; which seveial motions shall have pre-
cedence in the order in winch they are arranged."
The motion for the previous question, of
course, takes precedence of the motion to re-
commit.
The Clerk read the bill and the various
amendments.
Mr. ELDE1DGE. I move that the bill and
amendments be laid on the table; and on that
I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 30, nays 103, not voting
66; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Beck, Brooks, Burr, Cary,
Eldridee, Fox, (Tlossbrenner, Uolladay, Haight, llol-
man, ltiehard D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Johnson,
Jones, Kerr, Knott, Marshall, Munscn, JSiiblaok,
Nicholson, Pruyn, lioss, Situreaves, Stewart, Taber,
Ijawrenco b. Trimble, Van Auken, Van Trump, and
Woodward—30.
NAYS —Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Arnell, DelosR.
Ashley, Jaincs M, Ashley, Bailey, Baker, Baldwin,
Banks, Beaman.Beatty,Benjamin, Bingliam,Blaine,
Boutwell, liroinwell, JJrooinall, Bucklnnd, Churchill.
a on k .j - /!.. m    f\.
Hill, Hopkins, llulbuid, Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenekes,
Judd. Julinn.Kelsey, Keteham. Koontz, Laflin, Wil-
liam. Lawrence, Lincoln, Loud. Loughridge, Mallory,
Maynard, McOIurs, Meicnr, Miller, Moore, Moor-
head. Morreli, Mulling Myers, Newcomb, Nuun,
O'iseiil, Orth, Paine, Perham, Peters, Pile. Plants,
Poland, Polsley, Pomeroy, Pnee, Hauin, Robertson,
Sawyer, Seotield, Sclyc, Shanks, Smith, Spalding,
ThaadeusStevens.Tane, Taylor,Thomas, John Trim-
ble, Twichcll, Upson, Burt Van Horn, Robert T.
Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward, Elihu B. Washburne,
William B. Washburn, Wolker, James F.Wilson,
John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and
W o o d b r i d s? e—103.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Allison, Archer, Axtell,
Barnes, Barnum, Benton, Blair,Boyer, Butler, Cake,
Ohanler, Reader W. Clarke,Cobb, Cornell,Donnelly,
Driggs, Ela, Finney, Garfield, Getz, Griswold, CJ-rover,
Ilar&ing.IIigby.IIooper, Hotehkiss, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Chester 1). Hubbard, Kolley, Kitchen, George
V. Lawrence, Logan, Lynch,Marvin,McCarthy, Mc-
Cormiek, McCullough, Morgan, Morrissey, Phelps,
Pike, Randall, Robinson, Schenck, Shellabarger,
Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens, Stokes, Stone, Trow-
bridge, Van Aernarn, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Ilenry D. Washburn, Thomas Williams, William
Williams, and Wood—56.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
During the roll-call,
Mr. GLOSSBftENNER stated that his col-
league, Mr. G-etz, had paired with Mr. Cake.
The question recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Bingham, to strike out the third section
of the bill, as follows:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That said State of
Alabama shall be entitled to representation in Con-
gress and rccognized as a Stato of the Union upon
tho following conditions: that the constitution of
Alabama shall never be so amended or changed as
to deprive any eiti/.en, or any class ol'citizcns, of the
United States of the right to vote, who are entitled
to vote by tho constitution herein recognized; nor so
amended or changed as to allow any person to vote
whois excludedfrom office by the thiid section of the
iourtoenth article of the amendment to the Consti
tution of tho United States, until the disabilities im
posed by said sectionshall have been removed in tho
manner therein provided ; and Congress shall have
power to annul any amendment to the constitution
of Alabama, or any act of the Legislature of said
{State, contrary to the provisions of this section.
The question being put on striking out the
foregoing section, there were—ayes 71, noes
o^>.
Mr. A KNELL demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays wore refused.
Mr. WARD demanded tellers.
Tellers were refused.
So the amendment striking out the section
Was agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Stlvkns, of Pennsylvania, to strike out
all after the first section of the bill, and insert
in lieu thereof the following:
Sec. 2. And br it further enacted, That said State
of Alabama shall bo reeoprmzed and admitted into
the Union upon the following fundamental condi-
tion: that tho right of frullrago of male citizcns of
the United States, and of *aid Slate of Alabama,
of the ajfO of twenty-one years and upward, shall
never be denied or abridged in said State on any
account except for treason, felony, or other crime,
inhiniouxa t, common law ; but suffrage, a« above pro-
vided for, ^hall forever bo universal and impartial,
and Congress shall have power to annul any act of
said State in violation or delegation of this act with
regard to suffrage, and may regul Ue thopumo in case
of sueh alteration. If tho right of suffrage in the
State of Alabama should ever bo reduced below the
universal right heiein provided foi, all legislation
admitting said State into the Union shall be null and
void.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The next question was on the following'
amendment offered by Mr. Ashley, of Ohio,
to the substitute proposed by Mr. Spaldixu :
Strikeout all of the substitute and insert in lieu
thereof tho following:
'That the constitution framed by the convention of
Alabama, which was submitted for ratification by
the people at an election commencing on the 4th day
of February, 1868, is hereby declared to be the funda-
! mental and organielawfora provisional government
for the people of Alabama, so far as the same is not
in conflict with tho Constitution and laws of the Uni-
ted State?. And all State, county, and municipal
officers elected at said election shall, on the let day
of May, 1868. or as soon thereafter as possible, qual-
ify as provided in said constitution and the ordi-
nances of said convention, and immediately there-
alter enter upon the discharge of the duties of their
respective otlices.
Sko. 'J.. And be it further enacted, That the Governor
at. any time after he shall havequalified and entered
upon the discharge of the-duties ot his office, may by
proclamation convene the,Legislaturechosen atsaid
election. Tho Legislature, when co convened, shall
possess all the power conferred by said constitution
which may not be in conflict with the Constitution
and laws of the United States. And the Legislature
is hereby further empowered to submit said consti-
tution to the electors of Alabama qualified to vote
undci baid constitution, for their ratification or rejec-
tion at sueh time or times as it may designate. And
said Legislature is also required to submit with the
said constitution the '* article" proposed in the fifth
section of this act.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That whenever
the people, by a majority vote of the qualified, elect-
ors of Alabama, shall have ratified said constitution
submitted as aforesaid, together with the article pro-
posed in the filth section, and the Legislature of the
proposed State organization shall have ratified the
amendment to the Constitution of the United States
proposed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and known
as article fourteen, theconsfcitution of Alabamaiaay
be presented to Congress for its approval.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the district
commanders shall furnish all necessary aid in enforc-
ing this act, and the act of March 2, 1867, entitled
"An act to provide for a more efficient government
for the rebel States," and the acts supplemental to
and amendatory thereof, shall remain in full foree
except as modified by this act, until Alabama shall
be restored to representation in Congress.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That the State of
Alabama shall be entitled to resume its constitutional
relations with the national Government upon tho
fundamental condition thatthefollowingartieleshaH
be adopted and made a part of the constitution of
said State, which shall be forever irrevocable with'
out the consent of the Congress of the United States :
This constitution shall never be so altered or
amended as to operate as a denial or abridgment of
tho elective franchise to any citizen of the# United
States qualified to vote under this constitution, an«i
no amendment of said constitution shall hereafter be
valid until thesameshallberatified by ainajority of
the qualified electors of this State, and shall have
been approved by tho Congress of tae United States.
The question wastakenj and the amendment
was disagreed to.
The next question was upon the substitute
offered by Mr. Svaldixg, to strike out all after
the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof
the following:
That the constitution framed by the convention of
Alabama, whioh was submitted for ratification by
the people at an election commencingon the4th day
of February, 1868, is hereby declared to be the funda-
mental and organic law for a provisional government
for tho people of Alabama, so far as the same is not
in conflict with the Constitution and laws of the
United States. And the officers elected at said elec-
tion shall, on the 1st day of May, 1868, qualify as pro-
vided in said constitution and tho ordinances of said
convention, and immediately thereafter enter upon
the discharge of tho duties of their respective offices.
Sec. 2. Andbe it further enacted, That theGovernor
at anytime after he shall have qualified and entered
upon tho discharge of the duties of his office, mav by
proclamation convene the Legislature chosen at said
election. Tho Legislature, when so convened, shall
possess all the power conferred by said constitution,
which may not bein conflict with the Constitution ana
laws of the United States. And the Legislature is
hereby further empowered to submit said constitu-
tion to the qualified electors of Alabama for ratifica-
tion at sueh time or times as it may designate. And
said .(legislature is also empowered, by a majority
vote of each House, to submit the said constitution,
as framed by the convention, with or withoutamend-
inents proposed by the Legislature. And if amend-
ments ne pioposed by the Legislature, they shall be
voted upon separately, and not in connection with
the constitution as it.came from the convention.
See. 3. And be it further enacted, That whenever the
people, by a majority vote of the qualified electors
ot Alabama, qualified under the act of Congress of
.March 2o, 18(3<, to vote for dclcgar.es to frame a con-
stitution, and actually voting upon such ratification,
shall have ratified a constitution submitted as afore-
said, and tho Legislature of the proposed State or-
ganization shall have adopted the amendment to the
Constitution of the United States proposed bv the
j mrty-iNinth Congress, and known as article four-
teen, the constitution^ Alabama may be presented
to Congress for its approval.
Sue. 4. And be it further enacted, That the district
commander* shall furnish all necessarv aid in en-
forcing this act, and the act of March ^,i8G7. entitled
An act to provide for a nmre efficient government
for the rebel States, 'and the acts supplemental to
and amendatory thereof shall remain in full for win
Alabama except as modified by this act, until Ala-
bama shall be restored to representation in Congress.
Mr. FAKNSWOKTH demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
t The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative yeas 77, nays 54, not votmg
08; as to 1 lows : ®
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Delos 11 A*hW
James M. Ashley. Baldwin. Bank,
n'l J3romf,wc Broomail, Churchill Sidney
CUi kc, C< burn, Cook. Covode.Cullom, Daw«s Dixon
Dodge, Ongga, Eekley, Eggloston, Eliot, IvH'
°rl'V<'t T i^'' Hill, llojikins, Uuntrr iii-
Kclsey, Kotcham, Ivoont",
Iwichell,"
w 1 -c-c "s« Woodbndge—77.
JNAXS—ftlessrss. Adams, Arnell, Bailey
Book, LmKhaui, Blaiao,Boutwell, Brooks TWm? ?'
Burr, Cary JEW ridge. Parneworth, Fiel?l« Fox ni " '
rf'T&H.1 ,^y' feP'y- Haieht, Ho'lma
a_n  Rich
Q-'&bcr, Taylor, Thomas, Jolin Trinihl^aSf ef5*
Trimble, Van Aukcn. Van Tmt« Van ^Wfen,5SS-
dotn. and Woodward-54. N an "yck. Win-
N0T VOTING Messrs. Allison, Archer, Axtell
