1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
22TT
Barnes, Barnum, Benton, Blair, Boyer, Butler, Cake,
Chanlcr, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Cornell, Donnelly,
Ela, Finney, Garfield, Getz, Griswold, C rover, Hard-
ing, Xligby, Ilooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Chester 1). Hubbard, Jenckes, Kelley, Kitchen,
George V. Lawrence, Logan, Lyneli, Marvin, Mc-
Carthy, McCormick, McCullough, Morgan, Morris-
sey, Phelps, Pike, Randall, Robertson, Robinson,
Schenck, Selye, Shellabarger, Starkweather, Aaron
P. Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Stone, Trowbridge, Von
Acrnam. Cadwalader C. Washburn, Henry D. Wash-
burn, William Williams, and Wood—58.
So the substitute was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The question was then put on ordering the
preamble to be engrossed, and it was decided
in the negative.
So the preamble was rejected,.
Mr. NIBLACK. I call for the reading of
the engrossed bill.
The SPEAKER. The engrossment of the
bill is not quite completed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then I move that the
House adjourn.
The question was taken; and the House
refused to adjourn.
Mr. NTBLACK. I withdraw the demand for
the reading of the engrossed bill.
The bill was then read the third time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken : audit was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 102, nays 30, not voting
57 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Arnell, Delos R.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baker, Baldwin,
Banks, Beaman, Beatty, Benjamin, Blaine, Bout-
well, Bromwell, Brooinall, Buckland, Churchill,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke. Coburn, Cook,
Covode, Cullom, Dawes, Dixon, Dodge, Driggs,
Eekle.y, Egglcston, Eliot, Farnswortli, Fcrriss, Ferry,
Fields, Gravely, llalsey, Hawkins, Hill, Hopkins,
llulburd. Hunter, Ingerfeoll, Jenckes Judd, Julian,
KeUey, Ketch am, Koonl z, Lafl in, William Lawrence,
Lincoln, Loan, Loughndge, Mallocy, Maynard, Mc-
Clurg, Mcrcur, Miller, Moore. Moorhead, Morrell,
Mullins, Myers, Neweouib, Nunii, O'Neill, Orth,
Paine, Pcrham, Peters, Pile, Plants, Poland, Polslcy,
Pomcroy, Price, Raum, Sawyer, Scofield, Shanks,
■ Smith, Spalding, Thaddeus Stevens, Taffe, Taylor,
Thomas, -Join": Trimble, Twiehcll, Upson, Burt Van
Horn, RobertX. Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward, Elihu
B. \v ;>-hluinio William B. \Vashburn, Wclker, James
F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson,
Windoui, and Woodbridge—102.
NAYS^Messrs. Adams, Beck, Brooks, Burr, Cary,
Eldridge, Fox, Glossbrenner, Golladav, Grover.
llaight, Holman, Richard D. Hubbard. Humphrey,
Johnson, Jones, Kerr, Knott, Marshall, Mungcn,
Niblaek, Nicholson,Pruyn, Ross, Sitgre.ives. Taber,
Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Auken, Van Trump, and
Wnorlward—30.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Archer, Axtell,
Barnes, Barnum, Benton, Bingham, Blair, Boyer,
Butler, Cake, Ohanler, Cobb, Cornell, Donnelly, ilia,
Finney, Garfield, Getz, Griswold, Harding, Higby,
Ilooper, Ilotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D.
Hubbaid. Kelley. Kitchen, George V. Lawrence,
Logan, Lynch, Marvin, McCarthy, McCormick,
McCullough, Morgan, Morrissey, Phelps, Pike,
Randall, Robertson, Robinson, Schenck, Selye, Shel-
labarger. Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens, Stewart,
Stokes. Stone, Trowbridge,Van Aernam, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, Henry 1). Washburn, Thomas Wil-
liams, William Williams, and Wood—57.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. HUNTER stated that his colleagues,
Messrs. Williams and Washburn, were ab-
sent by the leave of the House.
Mr. WO ODWARD stated that Mr. Boyer
was absent by the leave of the House; if
present, he would vote "no."
Mr. MORRELL announced that Mr. Cake
was paired with Mr. Gdtz.
Mr. O'NEILL announced that Mr. Randall
was paired \vith Mr. Cornell ; and also stated
that if Mr. Kelley had been present he would
have voted for the bill.
Mr. WINDOM stated that Mr. Donnelly
was absent from the city ; if present he would
vote "ay."
Mr. HOLMAN staled that Mr. Barnes was
necessarily absent-; if present lie would vote
" no."
Mr. PRUYN made a similar statement in
regard to Mr. Wood.
Theresultof the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
Mr. EARNSWOliTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; aud
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPALDING moved to amend the title
of the bill so as to read "A bill to provide for
a temporary and provisional government for
Alabama."
The amendment to the title was agreed to.
leave op absence.
Mr. KELLEY was granted leave of absence
for ten days.
enrolled joint resolution.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
they had examined and found truly enrolled
House joint resolution No. 19, requiting cer-
tain moneys of the United States to be paid
into the Treasury, and for other purposes;
when the Speaker signed the same.
eights ok american citizens abroad.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
is the consideration of the bill (II. R. No. 708)
concerning the rights of American citizens in
foreign States.
On motion of Mr. BANKS, (at six o'clock
and five minutes p. m.,) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., wore presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of Dr.
Tlieo. Stirtzberg, of San Anlonio, Texas, and
many other citizens of said State, in favor of
relieving Mr. Jacob Kuckler from political
disabilities incurred by participation in the
rebellion.
Also, the petition of E. Basse, district judge,
and others, citizens of Hidalgo county, Texas,
for a division of said State.
By Mr. ANDERSON : The petition of Tins-
ley, Van Ilowo & Co., Glenu. Overall & Co.,
and others, of Louisiana, Pike county, Mis-
souri, with accompanying papers.
By Mr. BUCKLAND: The petition of J.
W. Goodson and 31 others, citizens of San-
dusky county, Ohio, that the oppressive special
tax of twenty cents per gallon upon refined
petroleum be removed, and that the necessary
revenue be raised upon articles of luxury.
By Sir. DAWES: The petition of William
Gibbs, for a pension.
By Mr. J ODD: The petition of Rev. E. B.
Tuttle, for compensation for services, &e.
Also, the petition of C. R. Durfee and
others, quartermaster sergeants, asking for
compensation.
By Mr. SPALDING: A memorial of many
citizens of Cleveland, Ohio, setting forth the
causes that have depressed our foreign com-
merce, and asking legislation in relief of
American ship-builders.
By Mr. TAYLOR: The petition of Mrs.
Eliza Matthews, widow of George W. Mat-
thews, for a pension.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March SO, 18G8.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray-, D. D.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiiekson-, Us Clerk, announced
that the House further insisted upon its amend-
ments to the amendments of the Senate to the
bill (IT. R. No. 000) to exempt certain manu-
factures from internal tax, disagreed to by the
Senate, agreed to the further conference asked
by the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr.
R. C. Schenck of Ohio, Mr. James Brooks of
New York, and Mr. T. W. Perry of Michigan, |
managers at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House |
bad passed a bill (n. R, No. 970) to provide j
for a temporary aud provisional government '
for Alabama, in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter of the Secretary of the In-
terior, communicating a report from the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs in relation tore-
moving certain destitute Cherokee Indians,now
scattered through the Indian country, to their
homes in the Cherokee country; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. DRAKE presented a memorial of Giles
P. Eilley and others, of St. Louis, Missouri,
remonstrating against the further extension by
Congress of the patent of Samuel Pierce,
granted him on the 6th of December, 1845, for
an improved plate in a cooking-stove ; which
was referred to the Committee on Patents and
the Patent Office.
Mr. VAN WINKLE presented a petition
of Catharine Wands, praying to be allowed
arrears of pensions; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
the late noah smitii.
Mr. CRAGIN, from the Committee to Audit
and Control the Contingent Expenses of the
Senate, to whom was referred the resolution
submitted by Mr. Morrill, of Maine, to pay
the legal representatives of Noah Smith, late
principal legislative clerk, $300 for funeral ex-
penses and three months' pay of the said Noah
Smith, reported it with an amendment.
The Senate proceeded to consider the reso-
lution as,in Committee of the Whole, and the
reported amendment having been agreed to,
the resolution was reported to the Senate, and
the amendment was concurred in.
The resolution was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading; and it was read the third
time as amended, and passed, as follows:
Resolved, That there be paid out of the contingent
fund of the Senate to C. llart Smith, for the legal
representatives of Noah Smith,deceased,late prin-
cipal legislative clerk in the office of the Secretary
ot the Senate, 8300 for funeral expenses and throe
mouths' pay of the said Noah Smith.
dill introduced.
Mr. CONNESS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 131) to authorize the set-
tlement of the accounts of Robert L. Stock-
ton, late Indian agent; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
court 03? claims.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If there are no other
bills or resolutions, as there do not appear to
be, I move that the Senate proceed to consider
the bill reported from the Committee on the
Judiciary, providing for appeals from the Court
of Claims, and for other purposes.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the WThole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 1G4) to provide for
appeals from the Court of Claims, and for other
purposes.
The first amendment of the Committee on
the Judiciary was to add to section one the
words, " under the limitations now provided
by law for other cases of appeal from said
courtso as to make the section read :
That an appeal to the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States shall be allowed on behalf of the United
States from all the final judgments of the said Court
of Claims adverse to the United States, whet her such
judgments shall havebeen rendered by virtue of the
general or any special power or jurisdiction of said
court under the limitations now provided by law for
other eases of appeal from said court.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
second section of the bill, in the following
words:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, Thatno judgment
of the Court of Claims upon any claim or demand for,
or in respect to, any captured or abandoned property *
or any property seized ortakenas captured or aba-n-
doned property, shall be paid in any wise, or Jrom
any money or fund, until such payment snail oe
oideredby act of Congress.
The amendment was agreed to.
V
