THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i m
Senators, although there is no review by any
court of your determinations of interlocutory
or of final questions, yet, as the learned Man-
agers know, it is entirely competent to bring to
the notice of the court that is to pass upon the
question in the final judgment the evidence
that is supposed to be admissible, in order
that it may be, as it is always if properly
originated, a matter of argument, that the
case is to be disposed of on the ground as if
it were admitted ; and that we have a right to
do, and not be limited to abstractions in the
determination of these questions.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The counsel for
the President will please reduce their question
to writing.
Mr. EVARTS. And the difference we make
between this specific question and the general
question which has been excluded, and in re-
gard to which we do not propose to trouble the
Senate further, is, that, when a general conver-
sation cannot be admitted, if the objection be
applicable, and it has been successfully made
here, then to exclude a conclusion on a definite
point the specific question may be put.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The -counsel will
reduce their question to writing.
The question being reduced to writing, it was
handed by the counsel for the respondent to
Mr. Manager Butler, and after inspection,
handed by him to the Secretary.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I object, Mr. Pres-
ident, to the question, both as leading in form,
outrageously so, and incompetent under the
previous rulings.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the question.
The Secretary read the question as reduced
to writing, as follows:
In either of these conversations did the President
say to you that his object in appointing you wasthat
he might thus get the question of Mr. Stanton's right
to the office before the Supreme Court?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Senators, you who
are of opinion that the question just read 
Mr. HOWARD. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Senators, you who
are of opinion that the question just read is
admissible will, as your names are called, an-
swer yea. Those of the contrary opinion will
answer nay. The Secretary will call the roll.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Let the question
be again read.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the question again.
The Secretary read as follows :
In either of these conversations did the President
say to you that his objectin appointing you was that
he might thus got the question of Mr. Stanton's right
to the oiiice before the Supreme Court?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. Chief Justice, I
do not know that I understood the ground of
objection of the Managers.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. As outrageously
leading and utterly incompetent and entirely
against the ruling of the Senate.
The CHTEF J USTICE. The Secretary will
call the roll.
The Secretary proceeded with and con-
cluded the calling of the roll.
Mr. JOHNSON, (who had not voted.) I
ask for the reading of the question. I did not
hear it distinctly, and that was the reason I
declined to vote.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the question.
The Secretary read as follows:
In either of these conversations did the President
say to you  
Mr. JOHNSON. That will do, sir. I vote
in the negative.
Mr. DAYIS, (who had first voted in the
affirmative.) Mr. Chief Justice, the question
is leading. I vote in the negative.
The result was announced—yeas 7, nays 44 ;
as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Fowler, Mc-
Creory, Patterson of Tennessee, Ross, and Vickers—'7.
NAYS — Messrs. Buckalew, Cameron, Cattell,
Chandler, Cole, Conklmg, Connoss, Corbett, Cragin,
Davis, Dixon, Poolittte, Drake, Edmunds, Ferry,
Fessenden, Frelinghuysen, Grimes. Harlan, Hender-
son, Hendricks, Howard, Howe, Johnson, Morgan,
Morrill of Maine, Moirill of Vermont, Morton, Nor-
ton, Nye, Patterson of New Hampshire, Pomeroy,
Ramsey, Sherman. Sprngue. Stewart, Thayer, Tipton,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, Willey, Williams, Wilson,
and Yates—44.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Saulsbury, Sumner, and
Wade-3.
So the question was decided to be inadmis-
sible.
Mr. STANBERY. Mr. Chief Justice and
Senators, this question undoubtedly has been
overruled upon matter of form at least. I now
propose to change the form of it. I do not
wantto be thrown out upon a mere technicality,
I therefore change it.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Let me see it.
Mr. STANBERY handed the question as
written by him to Mr. Manager Butler.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Mr. President and
Senators, the question as presented to me is:
Was anything said at that conversation by tho
President as to any purpose of getting tho question
of Mr. Stanton's right to tho officobeforetho courts?
Now, Mr. President and Senators, this is the
last question precisely, without the leading
part of it, I so understand. Now, then, I un-
derstand it to be a very well settled rule of
trials that where a counsel deliberately puts a
question leading in form, and has it passed
upon, he cannot afterward withdraw the lead-
ing part and put the same question without it.
Sometimes this rule has been relaxed in favor
of very young counsel, [laughter,] who did
not know what a leading question was, but not
otherwise. I have seen very young men make
mistakes by accident, and I have known the
courts to let them up and say, " We will not
hold the rule, if you made an accident."
Mr. President, I call your and the Senate's
attention to the fact that I three times over
objected to the last question as being outrage-
ously leading, and I did it so that there should
be no mistake ; yet the counsel for tho Presi-
dent went on and insisted not only on not
withdrawing it, but on putting the Senate to
the delay of having the yeas and nays taken.
If I had not called their attention to it I agree
that perhaps the rule might not be enforced;
but I called their attention to it. They are
five gentlemen of the oldest men in the profes-
sion, to whom this rule waswell known. They
chose to submit to the Senate a tentative ques-
tion, and now they propose to try that over
again, keeping you voting on forms of ques-
tions until your patience is wearied out. That
is what they may do.
I had the honor to say to the Senate a little
while ago that all the rules of evidence are
founded upon good sense, and this rule is
founded on good sense. It would do no harm
in the case of this witness; but the rule is founded
on this proposition : that counsel shall not put a
leading question to a witness, and thus instruct
him what they want him to say, and then have
it overruled and withdraw it, and put the same
question in substance, because you could al-
ways instruct a witness in that way. Of course,
that was not meant here, because I assume it
would do no harm in any form, and the coun-
sel would not do it; but T think the Senate
should hold itself not to be played with in this
way. If you choose to sit here and have the
yeas and nays called, I can sit here as long as
anybody.
Mr. STANBERY. Mr. Chief Justice, this
is quite too serious a business that we are en-
gaged in, and the responsibility is too great,
the issues are too important, to descend to the
sort of controversy that would be introduced
here. The gentleman says I am an old lawyer,
long at the bar. I hope I never have disgraced
the position. I hope I am not in the habit of
making factious opposition before any court,
high or low, especially not before this body,
which has treated us with so much courtesy.
But the learned Manager intimates here that
I have deliberately put a leading question, re-
sorting to the low tactics of an Old Bailey
court, for the purpose of getting time and mak-
ing factious opposition. I seorn any such
imputation.
Leading questions I Undoubtedly _ the pre-
vious question was leading; but was it intend-
ed to De leading, intended to draw General
Sherman out to say something that otherwise
would not be said ? The learned Manager says
Oh no, it was not intended, so far as General
Sherman is concerned, to be a leading question;
but so far as the counsel is concerned the pur-
pose was to put it in that form that the counsel
might have another opportunity of patting it in
a legal form, thus insinuating that deliberately
that question was manufactured in a leading
form, knowing that it would be rejected on
account of form, for the purpose of getting ten
or fifteen minutes of time in order to put it in a
proper form I
Loading questions ! Will tho honorable Man-
ager please to read over the record of this case
and see hundreds of leading questions put by
him again and again. We got tired of objectij
ing to them. I must be permitted'to disclaim
any such intention as this.
This is a matter of great importance to us. .
We deem it to be so. The interests of our client
are in our hands, to defend him the best way
we can. We wish it to appear what we desire
to prove and what we are anxious to prove.
We do not want to make any more argument
upon it. We submit it to the judgment of the
Senate. We put the question as to the matter
which we seek to prove, that it may appear
what it is that we seek to prove, to use every
effort in our power, not factiously but honor-
ably, properly, not to argue again and again
the same point, but simply to have the oppor-
tunity of having our questions put before the
Senate and decided.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the question.
The Secretary read as follows :
Was anything said at that conversation by tho
President as to any purpose of getting the question
of Mr. Stanton's right to tho officobefore the courts?
Mr. EVARTS. We desire to alter the first
phrase by striking out the words " at thatcon-
versation," and inserting " at either of these
interviews," so as to cover the same ground as
before.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question will
be so modified. The Secretary will read the
question as modified.
The Secretary read as follows :
Was anything said at either of those interviews by
the President as to any purpose of getting the ques-
tion of Mr. Stanton's right to tho office before the
courts?
The CHIEF J USTICE put the question on
the admissibility of this question; and it was
determined in the negative.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to ask a
question of the witness, and I send it to the
desk in writing.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary
will read the question proposed by the Senator
from Missouri.
The Secretary read as follows:
Did the President, in tendering you the appoint-
ment of Secretary of War ad interim, express tho
object or purpose of so doing ?
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. Mr. President,
we must objectto that question, as being within
the ruling already settled by the court, and
submit it to the Senate. It is both leading
and incompetent.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Tho Chief Jus-
tice will submit the question to the Senate.
Senators, you who are of the opinion that the
question proposed by the Senator from Mis-
souri 
Messrs. DOOLITTLE and THAYER called
for the yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask for the reading of the
question again.
The Secretary again read the question pro-
pounded by Mr. Henderson.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. Chief Justice, I
have risen for the purpose of moving that the
Senate go into consultation on this important
question ; but, as I see that there may not be
time to-night to go into consultation, I move
that the court adjourn until Monday at twelve
o'clock. ["No!" "No!"]
