1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3241
MICHIGAN COLLECTION DISTKIClS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
bill No. 198.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
E. No. 198) to reestablish the boundaries of
the collection districts of Michigan and Michili-
mackinac and to change the names of the col-
lection districts of Michilimackinae and Port
Huron was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
The first section proposes to extend the col-
lection district of Michigan so as to embrace
all the territory and waters of the State of
Michigan lving west of the principal meridian
and south of the latitudinal line dividing town-
ships number forty-three from townships num-
ber forty-four, north of the base line of that
State, excluding the territory bordering Groen
bay and including the island of Bois Blanc.
The second section provides that the collec-
tion district of Micliilimackinac shall hereafter
be called the district of Superior, and shall
embrace all that part of the upper peninsula of
the State of Michigan lying east of the princi-
pal meridian, all the islands in and bordering
upon the St. Marie river, and all that part
of the State of Michigan lying west of the prin-
cipal meridian and north of the latitudinal line
dividing townships number forty-three from
townships number forty-four, north of the base
line of the State, including the territory border-
ing Green bay, together with all the islands,
waters, and shores of Lake Superior and the
adjacent territory unto the head-waters of all
the rivers and streams tributary thereto and
within the jurisdiction of the United States.
The third section provides that the collection
district of Port Huron, in the State of Michi-
gan, shall hereafter be called the district of
Huron.
Mr. HOWE. I have just had my attention
called to this bill, and I wish to inquire of the
Senator from Michigan if it proposes to annex
the ports on the waters of Green bay to the
Mackinaw district?
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir; it does not.
On the contrary, it enlargesthe Green Bay dis-
trict ; gives a portion of the Mackinaw district
to the Green Bay district. The districts are
now so arranged that portions of the Mackinaw
district are very inconvenient of access to
Mackinaw. We propose now to divide them
by the meridian line, and to add to the Green
Bay district that portion lying adjacent to
Green bay, and to give the whole of Lake
Superior to the Mackinaw district.
Mr. HOWE. But I understood the Clerk to
read "including the waters of Green bay" or
" the territories bordering on Green bay," in
describing the Mackinaw district.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask that the bill be
laid aside informally until the Senator from
Wisconsin can examine the map.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
passed over informally if there be no objection.
Mr. CHANDLER subsequently moved to re-
sume the consideration of the bill; which was
again considered by the Senate as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
Mr. HOWE. This is unquestionably meant
to be right; but I think if the Senator from
Michigan will listen to me for a moment he
will see that an amendment of two or three
words will prevent any misunderstanding about
it. The district of Mackinaw is^ declared to
include all the territory of Michigan west of
the meridian line, and north of the line be-
tween townships forty-three and forty-four,
"including the territory bordering Green
bay." 1 propose to insert after the word
''territory," in the tenth line of section two,
the words "in said State."
Mr. CHANDLER. I will agree to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The amendment was ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
COLLECTION DISTRICT OF PHILADELPHIA.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
538.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. It. No. 538) to extend the
boundaries of the collection district of Phila-
delphia, so as to include the whole consol-
idated city of Philadelphia.
The Committee on Commerce reported the
bill with an amendment, to strike out all of
the original bill after the enacting clause, in
the following words:
That the collection district of Philadelphia be so
extended as to include within its boundaries the
"whole consolidated city of Philadelphia.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
That the port of entry and delivery of Philadel-
phia, Pennsylvania, is hereby extended so as to in-
clude within its boundaries the whole consolidated
city of Philadelphia.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
Mr. CONKLING. I venture to ask one
question about this bill. What is the occasion
for it? Why are not the boundaries heretofore
established satisfactory, and why is it necessary
to change them now?
Mr. CHANDLER. I will state to the Sen-
ator that the collection of_ foreign duties has
not included the whole city of Philadelphia.
Since the district was first established the city
has been enlarged, and there are large depots
of oil up and down the river ; and it is for the
convenience of the commerce of the city to
include the additions to the city of Philadel-
phia in one district. That is the reason.
The amendment was concurred in, and
ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read
a third time. The bill was read the third time,
and passed.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
Mr. COLE. With the permission of the
Senator from Michigan, I desire to^ move the
recommitment of a bill to his committee which
needs further amendment and revision. I move,
therefore, that the bill (S. No. 247) to amend
an act entitled "An act to provide for the better
security of the lives of passengers on board of
vessels propelled in whole or m part by steam,
and for other purposes," be recommitted to the
Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
D. II MACDONALD.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 361.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 361) for the relief of D. H. MacDonald,
late acting United States consul at Cape Town,
Cape of Good Hope, was read the secondtime,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to D. H. MacDonald, late acting United States
consul at Cape Town, Cape of Good Hope, the
sum of §587 07, in full pay for his services as
acting consul.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think that bill ought
to have gone to the Committee on Claims. I
should like to know if there is any report
accompanying it. It is a small bill, to be sure.
Mr. CHANDLER. There is a report from
the Secretary of State, with a recommendation
that the claim shall be Raid, on file with the
papers.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think it ought to go
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CHANDLER. It was referred to the
Committee on Commerce. This gentleman
was sent out to Cape Town to take the place of
a man who was neglecting and abusing the
duties of his office. This man took charge of
the office and performed its duties, and took
charge of the archives and retained them during
this short period, for which we have recom-
mended that he be paid: but the other man
contested his right, and until the action of the
Department the one that we now propose to
pay performed the duties of the office, and the
committee were unanimously of the opinion
that he should receive the salary. It is but a
small amount. The Clerk can read the recom-
mendation from the Secretary of State to that
effect, if the Senator desires it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Indiana move the reference of
the bill to the Committee on Claims?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think it ought to go
to that committee ; but it is so inconsiderable
a sum that I will not make that motion if the
report of the Secretary of State sustains the
claim. The chairman of the committee asks
that the communication from the State Depart-
ment be read, and if that is satisfactory I am
willing to accept it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The com-
munication will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Department op State,
Washington, February 3.1868.
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your note of the 18th ultimo, inclosing a petition
of D. H. MacDonald, esq., for compensation as act-
ing consul at. Capo Town, from the 17th of January.
1863, to the 9th of June of the same year, and request-
ing such information as may be in this Department
relating to said claim.
In answer thereto, I have to inform you that con-
siderable correspondence has taken place between
this Department and Mr. MacDonald with reference
to his claim, all of which it is not thought worth
while to communicate, but which is at your disposal
should your committee desire it.
On the 28th July, 1866, Mr. MacDonald addressed
a letter to this Departmentwith regard to his claim.
On the receipt of that letter the matter was investi-
gated, and the result of that investigation was an
opinion that Mr. MaeDonald's claim should be paid,
but that an application must be made to Congress for
relief. Herewith inclosed is a copy of the letter of
this Department to Mr. MacDonald, doted Septem-
ber 27,1866, in answer to his communication.
As further evidence in the case, I herewith send
you a copy of a communication from Hon. Benja-
min Pringle, dated at Cape Town, December 30,1863,
in which he expresses the opinion, after investiga-
tion, that Mr. MacDonald is equitably entitled to the
payment of his claim.
The petition of Mr. MacDonald is herewith re-
turned to you.
lam, sir, your obedient ™t, ^
Hon. Z. Chandler, Chairman of the United States
Senate Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is a very remark-
able communication from a Department to es-
tablish a claim. I will ask the Senator having
the bill in charge whether this person discharged
the duties for the months mentioned in that
letter ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir ; he did.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What was the other
man doing?
Mr. CHANDLER. He was drunk. [Laugh-
ter.]
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
EVENING STAR NEWSPAPER COMPANY.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New^ Hampshire. I
move to take up Senate bill No. 20'J. It is a
little bill reported in March last, which I should
like to have passed.
The motion was agreed to. '
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 204.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire has interposed a
motion to take up the bill mentioned by him.
Mr. CHANDLER. I submit that that is
not in order. This da}' is devoted to the busi-
ness of the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
ask the gentleman's pardon ; I was not aware
of it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that tho Senate
proceed  . T
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
wish the gentleman would give way for a few
moments. It will not take more than three
minutes to pass this bill. It has been on the
table since March last.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have more thantwenty
bills to pass, and if I give way to the Senator
I must give way to others.
