1868.
•MET CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
refer us to several cases decided in this House
in which the same question involved in this
case might have legitimately arisen; yet, as
this question was not mooted in any-of these
cases, they cannot (as the committee admit)
have any bearing upon this case, ■ Yet .the
committee urge that if Any such law existed
in this country as fhey admit exists -in Eng-
land that some of the'defeated, candidates iii
thfi cases _ referred 'to would certainly have
known of its-existence an-d-Would have availed
themselves of it. I do not think that thi-s
objection to-tlis' position contended for is well
taken, for a great many reasons; and, among
others,' there is nothing in any of these cases
that goes to show such a state of facts as would
bring them under the law contended for in this
case; iior is there anything in any one of the
cases referred to that indicates that the defeated
candidates were ignorant of the law on the
subject; but if we admit that they were igno-
rant of the existence of the law the argument
proves nothing, particularly when we remem-
ber that one half of the men elected to Con-
gress are not from the legal profession, and are
not expected to be conversant with the law
and with parliamentary usage; but, sir, the
argument dwindles into insignificance when
we recollect that the honorable chairman of
the election committee, who has the honor to
be one of the oldest members of this House,
and who has been for twelve long years a
member of that committee, and whose duty it
is to be thoroughly conversant with all the law
bearing on contested elections, was himself,
six weeks since, ignorant of the existence of
the very law to which the committee refers, as
we will find he was by comparing a statement
made by him on this floor on the oth day of
December last, in a speech made in the case
of Blakey vs. £*olladay, with the report in this
case.
In that speech he stated, in speaking of the
principle of law that I am contending for:
"It never was sanctioned, so far fis I know, in the
world but once, and then by the British House of
Parliament in a single instance; but they were con-
vinced within two years that they had made a, mis-
take, and by a solemn resolution they reversed their
decision."
In the report in this case he admits that the
principle has been settled in a large number of
cases both in the Parliament and courts of Great
Britain. Wow, sir, the statement made in that
speech and the report in this case are conflict-
ing, and we can only account for this conflict by
supposing that the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts was ignorant of the action taken
by the Parliament and courts of Great Britain
on this subject; and, if we are right in this, the
gentleman certainly ought not to seek to hold us
responsible for the ignorance of others.
But the honorable chairman of the commit-
tee. in his speech of yesterday, advised me to
send a copy of the very' imperfect brief pre-
pared in this case to Massachusetts that the
citizens of that State might no longer be igno-
rant of the law. I am sorry to say to the gen-
tleman that I must decline to follow his advice.
If the citizens of his State will not learn the
law from their own gifted son who has so thor-
oughly explored the hidden and labyrinthian
mazes of the temple of legal knowledge, who
has climbed so high the steps of fame as a
lawyer that ho looks down with contempt from
his high position upon the decisions of such
men as Mansfield,^ Lee, Abbott, and Black-
stone, and all the' decisions of the English
Parliament, the only source from which we
derive our parliamentary law, as mere legal
fiction, unworthy the attention of this House,
it would be a hopeless task for an illiterate boy
to attempt to instruct them. Yet, if the hon-
orable gentleman will permit me, I would say
to him look well to your laurels, or the name
of Mansfield, whose decisions you call fiction,
will stand forth the land-mark of his country's
genius and learning—a beautiful pyramid in
the solitudes of time, in whose shades your
name and fame, will molder in dust, and around
whose summit eternity itself shall play.
But., sir, enough upon this point. Again, we
■are told by the committee, in their report in this
case, that the law contended for is really the
law of Great Britain, but that owing to our
peculiar form of government it is not applica-
ble to this country. ' ' ■
Now, sir, if this question was open for dis-
cussion we should certainly contend that this
law never has been nor n'eyer can be as appli-
cable to Bnglaiid under her form of gov'ern-
ihent as it is to this country. Indeed, sir, we
regard sueh a law as absolutely necessary
under our system of Government. But, sir,
"this question is not, at this age in our country's
history, open to discussion, as will be seen by a
reference to a few "American authorities. Cush-
ing, (an American writer, from the honorable
chairman's own State,) in a work on "The
Law and Practice of Legislative Assemblies,"
published in 1856, pages G(S and G7, says :
"If an election is made of a person who is ineligi-
ble, that, is incapable of being elected, the election
of such person is absolutely void, even though ho is
voted for at the same time with others who are eligi-
ble, and who arc accordingly elccted; and this is
equally true whether the disability is known to the
electors or not, or whether a majority of all the votes
or a plurality only is necessary to the election, and
whether the votes are given orally or by ballot.
" In this country it is equally true that the election
of a disqualified person is absolutely void; -and in
those States where a plurality elects and the votes
are given orally, as in England, votes given for a can-
didate after notice of his disqualification are thrown
away, and the candidate having the next highest
number of votes is elected."
Prom this extract it will be seen that Mr.
Cushing fully sustains and lays down as the
law of this country the doctrine set forth in the
English decision and by the English jurists to
whom I have referred.
But I would also call attention to a decision
of the supreme court or court of appeals of
the State of Indiana, in the case of Guliek vs.
New, in which decision the court lays down
this as the law :
"It being conceded that the votes cast for "Wallace,
97, were powerless and fruitless in "effecting the main
end arrived at, that is, in electing him, we are still
asked to decido that they were solar etfeotive as to
prevent the election of any other person ; that they
were, so far as affirmative results were involved,
thrown away, but that negatively they were opera-
tive. AVc are reminded that in our form of govern-
ment the majority should rule, and that, ifthccourso
indicated is not followed a majority of the voters may
be disfranchised, their voice disregarded, and their
rights trampled under foot, and the choice of a minor-
ity listened to. True, by the Constitution and the
laws of this State, the voice of a majority controlsour
elections; butthat voicemustbeconstitutionally and
legally expressed. Even a majority should not nul-
lify a provision of the Constitution or be permitted
at will to disregard tho law.
"In this is the strength and beauty of our institu-
tions. Suppose a majority should persist in voting
for a man totally ineligible to take the office of
sheriff, what wouki be the result? As lie could not
hold tho office, either the one capable of holding
receiving the next highest vote would, as contended
by the appellant, bo entitled to the office, or there
would be a vacancy, as insisted by the appellee. Sup-
poso the proceedings should result in creating a va-
cancy, then it would remain greatly to tho .detriment
of public and private interests, or itwoiikl, under the
statute, havo to be filled by tho action rind choice of,
perhaps, two men, which might be, possibly, hi direct
conflict with the choice of that majority in every
respect. Then, while it is true that tho votes of a
majority should rule, the tenable ground appears to
be that if that majority should vote for one wholly
incapable of taking the otlice, havingnotice of such
incapacity, or should perversely refuse or negligently
fail to (ixpress their choice, although a minority, those
who should legitimately choose one eligible tothc
position should bo heeded. Suppose that eight
years ago, at the first election under our new Consti-
tution. when nearly all the offices in tho State were
to be filled, a majority of the voters in tho State and
in the several di&tiicts and counties had voted for
persons wholly ineligible to fill the several olliccs.
would those offices have thereby remained vacant?
Could that majority, by persevering in that course,
havo contmuocl the anarchy that might have reunited
from such action? Or rather, is it not the true theory
that those who act in accordance with the Constitu-
tion and the law should control even a majority who
fail to so act ?"
This decision was rendered in I860, and,
sir, it would be impossible for a decision to
answer more fully every objection taken in a
case than this does the objections made by the
committee in this case. 1 regard this decision,
in and of itself, as sufficient to sustain the posi-
tion I have taken and to answer the objection
made by the eommiltee—that no sueh Jaw as
that upon which I base my claim exists in this
country, and, consequently, will not consume
further .time by citing other authorities. .
But the honorable chairm'a-n of the commit-
tee says, in his speech, "If anything is made
clear in this case it is thfet"the jjeopl'e,' the
voters of the second congressional- difffcriot, do
not want Mi'.-Smith to-repi'esent'thietoi. "-" Ifc'haS
been equally clear to this House, if'ii?<h«,£} not
to the honorable gentleman, that'the'peopta,
a large majority of the people in'the-soathern
States, have not desired the Title of the-nation
since 1801. They have manifested their'dis-
taste for it even to the extent of resisting "its
authority by armed force ; and through all this
tinoe this House has aided in compelling that
majority to yield its convictions and submit -to
the laws which this House has'aided iif-pass^
ing I have not heard that the honorable gen-
tleman's voice has been once raised against
this. It was right thai he should demand that
majority to submit to the law. The voters of
the second Kentucky district have defied
the law. They have persisted in sending to
this House a man whom they knew to be a
traitor; a man who had urged the shooting
down of Federal soldiers in the "face of the
statute which says such a man shall not hold
Federal offices ; a man whom they were told
in advance this House, would .reject. The
chairman of the committee - declares him to
have violated the laws of the country, and the
House by.a'voteof nearly three to'one pro-
nounce him a traitor. You -by your own. act
have defied the will of the majority in said
district. You have said to them, we treat your
votes as null and void ; they are utterly power-
less, and we do not recognize them as votes
at all. They shall not be counted, and shall
not put Mr. Brown in his seat as your chosen
Representative, no matter by what majority
you send him here, and because he is a traitor.
But they are good against a loyal man, and
though we will not recognize them to secure a
place for a traitor, yet they are good and
answer all our purposes to count against and
defeat a loyal man. The vote polled in the
second district of Kentucky on the 4th day
of May last does not prove more conclusively
that the^people of the second district do not
wish me to represent them than it does that
they do wish Mr. Brown to do so. Yet this
House, upon the recommendation of the hon-
orable chairman of the committee, on Thurs-
day last, by solemn resolution, rejected him.
Now, sir, if the votes cast for Mr. Brown
were not void, this House has been guilty of
just what the honorable gentleman charges me
with attempting to do, namely, with attempt-
ing to trample upon the rights of the people;
and if the votes cast for him were void, then
I ask the gentleman by what course of reason-
ing he will justify counting them for the pur-
pose of defeating me?
And here, Mr. Speaker, I should, under ordi-
nary circumstances, close my argument;' but
the questions involved in this contest are,,as
I have before remarked, new to this House,
and the decision which is made in this case
will become a precedent by Which this House
will be bound in settling other cases. Hence
I am solicitous that every point in this case
shall be understood by each and every mem-
ber in this House before he is called upon to
take any action in the matter and, as a ques-
tion will probably arise in the minds of many
as to what is legal notice to electors of the dis-
qualification of a candidate, I propose to ad-
dress myself for a few moments to this point,
not, sir, with the belief or even the vain hope
that I may be able to instruct this the assem-
bled wisdom of the nation, or that I, in and of
myself, will be able to shed any light upon the
question, hut for the purpose of calling atten-
tion to the decisions of men whose opinions
this House is bound to respect, the opinion of
the honorable gentleman to the contrary not-
withstanding.
Male, in his work on Elections, page 111,
says:
"In. principle it seoras not to be distinguishable
whether tho circumstances of disqualification be
