3242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June IB,
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
will help the gentleman to pass the whole lot
if he will let this pass through.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
taken up on motion of the Senator from New
Hampshire will be read. It is the only one in
order. It could be passed three times over
while Senators are talking about it. [Laugh-
ter.]
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 209) to
incorporate the Evening Star Newspaper Com-
pany of Washington. It proposes to create
and declare Crosby S. Noyes, Clarence B.
Baker, Alexander R. Shepherd, George W.
Adams, and Samuel IT. Kauffmann, ana their
associates and successors, a body corporate
and politic by the name and style of the Even-
ing Star Newspaper Company of Washington,
for the purpose of carrying on the business of
printing and publishing at the city of Wash-
ington, in the District of Columbia, with the
usual powers and privileges of a corporation.
The capital stock of the company is not to be
less than §100,000, nor more than §200,000,
in shares of $1,000 each.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not know that the
Senator will be content with the amendment
that I propose, but it is to add to the last sec-
tion that the stockholders shall be individually
responsible for the indebtedness of the com-
pany to the extent of the par value of their
stock.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
have no objection to that.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the bill
under consideration be laid aside for perfec-
tion, and that the Senate proceed with the busi-
ness of the Committeeon Commerce. I move
the postponement of this bill until to-morrow.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
hope that will not be done. It will not take
two minute's to dispose of it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let me go on.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Ilampsire. Let
us pass this bill through, and then we can take
up your bills.
Mr. CHANDLER. I make the motion that
it be postponed until to-morrow.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The amend-
ment will be reported.
Mr. CHANDLER. If Ihe amendment is
prepared, I have no objection.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
add to the last section the following :
And that each stockholder in the y.iid company
shall be individually liable 1'or the debts of thocom-
pany to the extent of his btock at its par value.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
SURGEON OF MARINE HOSPITALS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 204.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 204) to provide for
the appointment of a supervising surgeon of
marine hospitals of the United States. It pro-
poses to direct the Secretary of the Treasury
to appoint a competent surgeon at a salary of
§ per year, payable monthly, to be styled
supervising surgeon of United States marine
hospitals, whose duty it is to be, under the
direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, to
inspect and superintend the administration of
the marine hospitals of the United States now
in use or that may hereafter be erected.
The Committee on Commerce reported the
bill with two amendments. The first amend-
ment was in line three, after the word " that,"
to strike out the words "the Secretary of the
Treasury be authorized and directed to ap-
point''and to insert the words " the President
of the United States shall nominate and appoint,
by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line six, to fill
the blank with "§8,000," so as to make the
salary of the supervising surgeon $3,000 per
year.
The amendment \vas agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. COLE. It seems to me that the title
of that bill ought to bo changed, so as to read
"A bill to provide for the appointment of
supervising surgeons for the marine hospitals
of the United States."
Mr. SHERMAN. It only provides for one
supervising surgeon.
Mr. COLE. As I understand it, it is intend-
ed to provide supervising surgeons for all the
marine hospitals.
Mr. CHANDLER. No; one supervising
surgeon for all the hospitals.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It provides for the
appointment of one surgeon, who shall have
general charge of the whole of them.
Mr. COLE. I did not so understand the
biil.
The Chief Ci.f.iuc. The title of the hill is:
"A bill to provide for the appointment of a
supervising surgeon of marine hospitals of the
United States."
Mr. CHANDLER. It is only one officer for
all of them.
Mr. COLE. Very well.
COLLECTION DISTRICT IN OREGON'.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 now move that the
Senate take up Senate bill No. 153.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 153) to establish a
collection district in the State of Oregon. It
provides that all that part of the State of Ore-
gon lying south of Capo Pcrpetua, embracing
all the waters, islands, bg.ys, harbors, inlets,
shores, and rivers therein, shall be a collection
district, and shall be called the Umpqua dis-
trict; and the port of entry for the district
is to be at Coos bay, and a collector for the
district is to be appointed, whose salary is to
be $1,500 per annum, and who is to perform
the same duties as the collector for the other
collection district in the State.
The Committee on Commerce reported the
bill with amendments. The first amendment
was in lines five and six, to strike out the words
''shall bo a collection district and shall be"
and to insert " is hereby separated from the
collection district of Oregon, and shall bo, and
hereby is, constituted and created a separate
collection district in said State, and the same
shall be."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eleven,
after the word " appointed " to insert the words
"to reside at said port of entry."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines thirteen
and fourteen, to strike out the words "the same
duties as the collector for the collection dis-
trict in said State" and to insert the words
"all the duties ar.d be subject to all the
responsibilities devolving by law upon col-
lectors of customs."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
GEOKGSJ WRIGHT.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
joint resolution No. 246.
The motion was agreed to : and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (£1. II. No. 246)
directing the Secretary of State to present to
George Wright, master of the British brig J-
and G. Wright, a gold chronometer, m appre-
ciation of his personal services m saving the
lives of three American seamen, wrecked at
sea on board of the American schooner Lizzie
F. Choate, of Massachusetts.
The joint resolution was reported to the ben-
ate, ordered to a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
CHANGE OF NAMES OF VESSELS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House hill No.
1120.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. No. 1120) to authorize the Secretary of
the Treasury to change the names of certain
vessels was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to authorize the Sec-
rotary of the Treasury to change the name of
the yacht W. W. Abell, owned by James Lloyd
Greene, of Norwich, Connecticut, administra-
tor of the estate of Benjamin D. Greene, late
of Norwich, deceased, and John Jeffries, jr.,
of Boston, Massachusetts, to that of Ethel;
and also to change the name of the yacht
L'Hirondclle, owned by James Gordon Ben-
nett, jr., of the city of New York, to that of
Dauntless, and to grant these vessels registers
in these respective names, they being pleasure
yachts only, and not engaged in commercial or
other business.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
EVANSVILLE MARINE HOSPITAL.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
joint resolution No. 44.
The motion was agreed to ; and the joint
resolution (H. 11. No. 44J relating to the sale
of the marine hospital at Evansville, Indi-
ana, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It is an authorization to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to sell the marine hospital
at Evansville, Indiana, to the highest bidder,
for not less than $10,100, who will keep the
same for hospital purposes.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. That resolution seems to
bo unusual in fixing the price at which the sale
shall be made. I ask the Senator from Michi-
gan on what basis this price is fixed?
Mr. CHANDLER. The joint resolution has
passed the House of Representatives upon the
recommendation of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. It is desirable that the building should
be kept open as a hospital, and certain benev-
olent individuals have agreed to take it at the
price named and keep it open.
Mr. SHERMAN. But the price being fixed,
and no provision made for a public sale, it
looks like an arrangement. However, as the
Senator is satisfied that it is all right, I shall
not object.
Mr. CHANDLER. Both the House com-
mittee and the Senate committee were satisfied.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
It. P. 1'ARKOTT.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 303.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
j *'0r re^°f P- Pai'rott was
read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to direct
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to R. P
Parrott the sum of §12,108 35, in full payment
tor building an iron light-house at Cape Canav-
eral, in the State of Florida.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I should like
some explanation of the bill.
Mr. MORGAN. In 1SC0 the Government
made a contract with Mr. Parrott to build a
hght-liouss at Cape Canaveral, Florida. In
February, 1861, Mr. Parrott suspended the
