1194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
within the knowledge of the electors from its general
publicity and notoriety, or whether it is brought
within their observation from actual notice given
them, and that their votes would be thrown away in
the former case equally as in the latter."
In the Maiden case no notice was given to
the electors, and the same in the Oockermouth
case; in both the candidate receiving the high-
est number of votes was rejected and the seat
given to the candidate having the minority of
votes. In the Wakefield case (Bar. and Aust,,
210) it was contended in argument that the
returned member was eligible, and this had
been stated to the electors. It was decided
that he was ineligible. It was then contended
that the ineligibility was a doubtful question
of law and could not be notorious; but the
committee gave the seat to the petitioner hav-
ing the minority of votes.
Haywood, in his work on County Elections,
pages 533-537, said;
" "When the disability of the candidate is notorious
it should seem that it is not nccessary to givo notice
to the electors. ^Reasoning by analogy to the election
of corporate officers, it might bo doubted whether
more can ever be required than merely to give notice
without producing any proof of this fact, notwith-
standing the electors may not have tho power of
satisfying themselves whether the objection is well
founded or not. King vs. Blissoll was a motion for a
new trial on an information in tho nature of a quo
warranto against the defendant for acting as alder-
man of Portsmouth, and a verdict had been given for
the crown on two material issues. Pike and Blissell
were adverse candidates; at the election tho mayor
only voted for Blissell, while three aldermen voted for
Pike, but the mayor gave notice to the aldermen that
Pike was incapacitated to be elected, because he held
the office of chamberlain which was incompatible,
lord Manstield addressing the counsel for the crown
who was arguing that the disqualification was not
notorious, said: ' Do you doubt that if he is really dis-
qualified, whether such disqualification is notorious
or not, that the votes given for him aro thrown away?'
In another jurisdictional'the disqualification isnoto-
rious, it does more—it elects the other party, but of
the law in this case you can have no doubt."
Grant, in his work on Corporations, page
208, says:
"As has boon stated, a disqualiflcation, patent or
notorious, at once causes the votes given for the
candidate laboring under it to be thrown away; tho
same would probably be held to bo the case where
the electors had the means of knowledge of the can-
didates. qualification or the contrary, and might have
ascertained the fact if they had pleased. The same
is undoubtedly the case where the electors had ex-
press notice of tho incapacity, and nevertheless per-
versely gave their votes for the ineligible person."
From these references it will be seen that
votes given for a candidate who is ineligible are
absolutely void, and that all that is necessary
to entitle the opposing candidate to the seat or
office is that a majority of the voters who gave
their votes for him should have known of the
act or acts that make such candidate ineligible.
It is not a matter of any consequence through
what channel they receive their information,
whether through notice from the opposing can-
didate or his friends, or from the notoriety of
the act or acts themselves; nor is it of any im-
portance that the electors should know that the
act or acts complained of really render the can-
didate ineligible. If they knew of the act or acts,
it is sufficient: they are presumed to know the
law and are held responsible for their violation
of it. But in this case, the proof is conclusive
that the electors not only knew of the acts
which make the honorable gentleman from the
second district of Kentucky ineligible to take
his seat as a member of this House, but that
they also knew the elTect of those acts. Hence
they voted for him willfully and knowingly, and
must be presumed to have thrown away their
votes intentionally. And, sir, it this is true, I
received at the late election held in the second
district of Kentucky for the purpose of electing
a member to the Fortieth Congress of the
United States a majority of all the legal votes
cast, and I presume it will not be contended
that it is necessary for me to have received a
majority,of all the votes cast, whether legal or
illegal, to entitle me to a seat in this House.
But I will not discuss this point further; and,
sir, it is due Mr. Brown that I should remark
that while I charge him with being ineligible
to take his seat as a member of Congress or
to hold any other office under the Federal
Government, I cheerfully concede to him, so-
cially and intellectually, all the richer qualities
which usually adorn the character of the true
gentleman and ripe scholar, eminently worthy
the admiration of an appreciative public. Yet,
sir, while I admit him to be one of Kentucky's
most gifted sons, I cannot, forget the fact that
he, like many others, suffered his love of party
to obliterate every vestige of that patriotism
that once'inspired his youthful bosom; and
when I remember that the nation is hung in
black ; when I remember the many thousands
of our noble sons who to-day sleep beneath the
sands of the South, with nothing to mark their
final resting-places except little hillocks, upon
which the grass grows in wild luxuriance; when
I remember a loved brother whoso form to-day
rests in an unknown grave, far from the home
of his childhood : when I remember the friends
that I have seen fall upon the field of battle,
or sink to an untimely grave from hardships in
the ranks of the blue; when I remember the
many widows and mothers who to-day in. our
land weep the loss of loved ones; when I
remember the wide-spread desolation, ruin,
and misery that to-day exist in our country,
and reflect that all this has been caused by
Mr. Brown and such as he, I cannot, sir, for-
get, in my admiration of his social qualities
and his talent, that he has been guilty of trea-
son against the Government, and only lives
through the mercy of the Government.
But, sir, I will 110 longer trespass upon the
time of this House, but will in conclusion
remark that I come not before this House ask-
ing at its hands any favors; 1 come not as a
mendicant begging a seat and expecting to
receive it on account of the large Union .Re-
publican majority in the House; but, sir, I
come claiming a seat as my right under the
Constitution and law of my country, and' be-
lieve my claim to be based upon the eternal
principles of justice. Yet, sir, if this House,
in its wisdom and patriotism, shall decide, as
the committee has done, that my claim is not
legitimate and that I am not entitled to my
seat, there is no man in this House who will
bow more submissiyely to the decision than I
will; yet in the name of my constituents I must
respectfully protest against such a decision.
Before yielding the floor I would remark
that 1 am profoundly grateful to the House for
its courtesy in admitting me to a seat on this
floor pending this controversy, and for the
privilege of being heard to-day in my own
behalf and in behalf of my constituents ; and,
sir, I would say that when I begun this con-
test I believed, as I to-day believe, that I am
legally entitled to my seat in this House as a
member from the second district of Kentucky;
and, sir, I believe if this House will extend me
the courtesy it has extended to my opponent
in the argument of this case it will sustain me.
Yet, sir, if my opponent and his friends are
allowed four days in which to discuss the merits
of their si'de of the case, and I am to be cut
down with a few hours, I can expect nothing
else than defeat. And, sir, while I will ever
gratefully remember the assistance I have re-
ceived at the hands of many members of this
House, I will equally feel that I have not
received at the hands of this House that justice
which I, as an American citizen, had the right
to expcct at the hands of an American Con-
gress.
The hour having expired before Mr. Smith
had concluded his remarks, by unanimous
consent he was allowed further time. At the
conclusion of his remarks,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, said: I
move to lay this subject on the table.
Mr. HARDING. On that I demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. I hope the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wasiibukxe]
will not press that motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois._ As it is
intimated to me that gentlemen desire a direct
vote, I will withdraw the motion to lay on the
table and move the previous question.
Mr. DAWES. Before that motion is made
I withdraw the motion to recommit.
' Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the previous question.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. Will the gen-
tleman yield?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. For what
purpose? .
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. I desire to
make a single remark in vindication of my
colleague, who has no voice on this occasion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. How loDg?
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. But a mo-
ment. . . ,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I yield two
minutes.
Mp. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. I desire to say
in vindication of my colleague, [Mr. Brown,]
whatever may be said upon this occasion that
imputes to him dishonor, disloyalty, or.treaspn
to the United States Government, that while
he had the floor on this question he hurled that
insinuation back as unmanly and false ; and I
hope that gentlemen on the opposite side will
respect that declaration. I repeat it for him
upon this occasion, believing, as-1 do. from the
bottom of my heart, that he spoke the honest
sentiment of his heart when he uttered.it.
Mr, PETERS. Will the gentleman from
Illinois yield to me a moment? -
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, sir.
Mr. PETERS. I wish to say that we have
heard the appeal of the gentleman claiming
this seat that this debate should not be cut
down. There are a few of us here who believe
that he has a legal right to a seat, and would
like to have about twenty minutes apiece. It
will take less than an hour, and I hope the
gentleman will not choke us off by the pre-
vious question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is for
the House to determine. I withdraw the mo-
tion for the purpose of saying|hat the House
has taken up ample time in discussing this
election case, and the public business is suffer-
ing at this time. And, further, the gentleman
claiming the seat has 110 right to reflect upon
us. We have heard him patiently for the
length of time he desired, not insisting upon
the rule confining him to an hour. The chair-
man of the committee has spoken on one side
and the claimant has spoken on the other. * It
is for the House to determine whether it will
second the previous question, and settle this
matter now, or delay the public business by
continuing the discussion.
Mr. UPSON. I think the gentleman mis-
understood the remark of the claimant. It
was simply that others desired to speak on this
question. He did not make it for himself.
Mr. COBURN. 1 desire to offer a substi-
tute for the resolution of the committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Of course
I will yield for that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understand*
that the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kmni]
has oifered a substitute.
Mr. KERR. It was the same that was of-
fered by the majority of the committee, and ia
therefore unnecessary.
Mr. COBURN. I offer the following as a
substitute for the resolution reported by the
committee:
Itciolvcd, That Samuel E. .Smith, having received a
majority of the votes east in conformity with law. is
entitled to take the oath of office as a Representative
in this House from the second congressional district
of Kentucky.
Mr. WASHBUIINE, of Illinois, I have no
objection to that. I renew the demand for
the previous question.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 43, noes -i'J ; 110 quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Wasuiscuxe, of Illinois, and
Commx.
Tho House divided ; andthetcllers reported—-
ayes 07, noes oO.
So the previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. DAWES. It is not my intention to oc-
cupy the time of tho House, hut there is an
anxiety on the part of gentlemen to speak, and
