1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1195
I will yield to allow them an opportunity to do
so. I first yield fifteen minutes to the gentle-
man from Indiana, .[Mr. Cobum.]
Mr. COBUliN. In the very limited time
allowed me to discuss this question I feel that
I cannot do myself or the subject justice. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
saw fit yesterday in his speech to state^ twice
that I had said that the claimant to this seat
was entitled to it because he was a loyal man.
I remember to have said nothing of that kindi
What was- said was that Mr. Smith should be
allowed to discuss this question and his friends
should be allowed to discuss it, because he was
a loyal man. That was all. At the time an
attempt was made, as 1 supposed, to cut off
debate, and I stated that because he was a loyal
man and a good Union man I thought the
same justice should be done him, in allowing
full and free and fair discussion on this subject,
as had been done to a man who had been voted
by the House to be disloyal.
The Committee of Elections have seen fit to
make a report in connection with this matter
in extenso, and I am not now able from want
of time to refer to the remarks of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.] But
I will state the positions which the Committee
of Elections have assumed as nearly as possi-
ble, and show in what they have failed to state
the law and the facts.
In the first place, they say that no notice
was given. In the next place, they say that
the notice which was given to the voters of
Kentucky was mere common rumor, matter
of public notoriety, no special notice such as
the law required; that it was a letter published
some six years before ; that^ in addition to that,
the people did not necessarily understand that
that letter was treason; in addition to this,
that it was a doubtful case, and not within the
ruleasto "willful obstinacy and misconduct,"
as laid down in the British law; in addition to
that, they say that there is no law under which
a man receiving only a minority of votes has
ever been declared eligible in this country.
They say, further, that the cases in Congress are
in support of the committee and authority on
the subject. In addition to that they say that
the power of the British Parliament is greater
in cases of this kind than that of Congress, and
that its action in such cases is no precedent;
in addition to that they say that the State laws
regulate elections generally; that Congress
recognizes them as the basis of action when
such laws prescribe a mode of action ; that
some States require a majority and some a plu-
rality, but that Kentucky requires a majority,
to elect to Congress, and that Kentucky has
made no law giving a minoijty vote the elec-
tion, as Parliament has; that the right of
representation cannot be taken away, butrepre-
sentation can, and that, if Congress wants a
minority to be represented, legislation is neces-
sary ; and that the will of the majority, as
expressed in conformity with established law,
is the basis of free government.
Now, sir, it would seem that the committee
in this matter have made several mistakes.
In the first place, they did so in asserting that
no notice was given. The proof is—and we
have the acknowledgment of Mr. Brown him-
self—there was a most extensive notice. The
committee assert a very singular principle when
they say that a particular formal notice should
be required in this matter. What is there in
the law in relation to elections that requires
that notice of the ineligibility of a candidate
should be given in any particular form or man-
ner ? There is nothing of that kind in the law,
not by posting, not by publication, not by an-
nouncement at the polls. The law requires
notices of this kind in other cases, as sheriff s
sales, as of the holding of elections, as to cer-
tain business meetings of corporations, trust-
ees, and boards of officers, special terras of
court, and the like. But here is a case m
which no form is prescribed, no mode pointed
out, nothing provided by law, for the giving of
notice. And we must resort_ to the ordinary
means of obtaining information through the
press, by public addresses, by social inter-
course, and all the means men - use for com-
munication with each other.
Now, sir, did not these people iri Kentucky
know just as well as they knew anything in the
world, that John Young Brown had writteif
this disloyal letter? Was not their attention
called to it on every stump and in every news-
paper in the district? His letter had been
printed six years and more before- the election
in the Louisville Courier. In this letter he
said:
"Not one man or one dollar will Kentucky furnish
Lincoln to aid him in this unholy war against the
South. If one man volunteers he should be shot
down in his tracks."
Was this not as good notice as the publica-
tion in a weekly newspaper four successive
weeks and posting in five of the most public
places in the country, or any other form of
legal notice?
Was it not a ten times more complete and
effective notice than any legal notice ever de-
vised? He is totally ignorant of the method
of conducting a Kentucky electioneering cam-
paign who asserts the contrary.
It is safe then to assert that the people of
the district had full, fair, complete, and ample
notice upon this subject, and that the commit-
tee make a mistake when they say there was no
notice.
But the committee say, in addition, that the
people did not necessarily understand that it
was treason. Why, sir, about the time that
this notice was given another citizen of the
United States, (General Dix, then Secretary
of War,) in language almost of this character,
telegraphed to New Orleans that any man who
should haul down the Union llag- should he
shot down in his tracks. Did anybody know
from that announcement whether General
Dix was a Union man? When John Young
Brown said that any man who should join the
Union army should be shot down in his tracks
it would seem that he at the same time asserted
his disloyalty and treason in the broadest
terms. Can it be possible that the Committee
of Elections declare officially that the Ken-
tucky voters do not and did not understand
the letter of Mr. Brown? The language is
plain, pure, simple, unadulterated, undetiled,
unqualified treason, spoken and printed when
every man's attention was called to the sub-
ject at the opening of the war; when every
man looked around and asked his neighbor
what side he was on. Spoken and printed when
every man was marked; when every man took
sides; when the whole people, as if charged
with electricity, stood erect, waiting for the
first outburst of the storm; when the people
were all ear and all eye. Then it was that Jolm
Young Brown spoke and wrote to the atten-
tive community.
The committee say, in addition,- that this is
a doubtful case and not within the rule in regard
to willful obstinacy and misconduct. I. ask,
could the people of that district have any doubt
upon the subject? After the events that had
occurred, after the marching of the armies
which had taken place, after all the facts of
the war, after all their losses, all their suffer-
ing, all their sacrifices, all their strifes, did the
people have any doubt as to his position?
Could they doubt the meaning of such lan-
guage? They could and they did understand
that it was nothing else than treason, and for
this they supported and elected liim_.
The committee say that there is no law
under which one receiving a minority of votes
has ever been declared elected. The case in
Indiana, the case in Maine, the cases in Eng-
land, show that persons receiving minorities
have been given the election. But this is not
the fair way of stating the case. It is not a
question involving the rightsof a mere minor-
ity, but a case involving the rights of a majority
of those acting ill this matter of an election m
confqymity to law, who come within its pro-
vision, and recognize it in all its bearings.
Now, we do not insist that a minority shall
rule in this matter, but that a majority of those
who voted in conformity with law shall con-
trol it.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] says the eases in Congress are author-
ity in support of the committee, and then he
goes on to cite them. Sir, those-cases are no
authority ^whatever, for this question was not
raised then. The rule of law is, that if a ques-
tion is not raised, which might have been, in
the trial of-a case it is not considered as set-
tled—is not considered, as the lawyers say,
res adjudicata. And no .lawyer will assert
that it is ever too late to make a question
although it might have been properly raised
in some other cause decided a hundred years
before. This question is then without a pre-
cedent or a parallel, except in the recent cases
from Kentucky, and they cannot be cited as
parallels, for they were hurried through under
the lash of the previous question. The ques-
tion then comes to you fairly and for the first
time.
In addition, most of the cases cited occurred
in the United States Senate, and, being elec-
tions'by Legislatures, with fixed numbers and
quorums, established by law, are in no sense
parallel with this case.
, In England the precedents are in favor of
Mr. Smith, the claimant. They "have been
read and expounded. The powers of Parlia-
ment over cases of this kind are no greater
than those of Congress.
The committee first assert the omnipotence
of Parliament, and then go on to say that it is
not the theory of the British Government that
power originates with the people. But our
Constitution does give to Congress all-sufficient
power over this subject. It is clothed with
all the legislative power required to make all
laws necessary and proper for carrying into
execution all powers vested in the G overnment,
or in any department or officer thereof.
What do the Committee of Elections mean
when they assert that the action of the British
Parliament is no parallel or precedent for this
House, because it has no limitation of written
constitution upon its powers ? Do they mean
to say that the British Parliament have any
more power to do wrong by virtue of their
unwritten constitution than our Congress has?
To this I say that the legislative power of Par-
liament and Congress both alike are bound up
and restricted by the general principles of free
government. Do they mean to say that Con-
gress has not just as full and ample power to
judge of the election returns and qualifications
of its members as the British Parliament? Or
that Congress has not as completely a sover-
eign, absolute, despotic power over these sub-
jects as any legislative body can have ? I assert
that the power of Congress over these subjects
is unlimited and uncontrollable.
But the committee go on still further and
make an additional mistake. They say that
the majority rule is the rule in Kentucky. Sir,
that is not so. The plurality rule is the rule in
Kentucky. I will read a clause from a late
statute of the Legislature of Kentucky:
"If two or moro persons shall be found to have
received the hisliest and an equal number of votes
for the same office, so that the election cannot bo
determined among the candidates by a plurality of
votes, it shall bo determined by lotin such manner as
the court may direct,'* &c.
Therefore, the rule in Kentucky is not the
rule of the majority, but the rule of a plurality;
and wherever the plurality rule governs, the
election is not void because a majority of
votes were not given for any one particular
candidate; and 1 say that in this case the plu-
rality who did vote in compliance with the law
voted for Mr. Smith, who is therefore entitled
to the seat. The election of President Lincoln
in 1860, when he was in a minority of 947,289
votes, and of Governor Bullockj of xvlassachu-
setts, in 1865, when he received but 07,000
votes out of 174,000 in the State, are glaring
instances of minority elections. The true prin-
ciple is that those who, in conformity to law,
participate in elections shall control them, be
the number great or small, and the majority
of that number prevails.
