THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
161
concedes in its proceedings here, in the arti- !
cles winch it has presented, and in the whole '
conduct of its Managers, as exhibited before
you—it would hare seemed to me, that while a
reasonable limitation would be proper it would, '
perhaps, have relieved us to some extent and ,
enabled all the Managers to perform what j
they might conceive to be their duties as im-
posed upon them by the House of Represent- [
atives, if this honorable body had undertaken j
to say how nmeh time, or, in other words, how
many hours, the public convenience and the 1
interests of the State would allow them to give .
to the prosecution in this case. In that event
the time allowed could have been divided and <
apportioned among the Managers, and that j
would have been in conformity with the terms
of the rule in regard to interlocutory motions
■where an hour has been assigned to each side,
and the privilege left to members of saying by
whom the several questions may be discussed.
If the rule had been modified in this way the
Managers, as I have observed, would have been
relieved, because they could then have dis-
tributed the several parts among themselves.
It struck me, however—and I rose merely
for the purpose of calling your attention to
the precedents—that the rule was an unusual
one. It did not meet the approbation of the
Managers in the first instance; and when, as
they did, undev a sort of compulsion imposed
upon them, distribute the parts in this drama,
if I may be allowed to call it so, they directed
their chairman to make this application. It has
been postponed; it is now made, and is now
liefore you. They thoughtthe rule was unusual.
I think they all shared in that opinion. I have
taken very little time myself to look into the
precedents; but since the motion has been
made I have thought it was my duty so to do,
anil I desire to state now to this honorable
Senate what is the result in ordinary cases ; and
this, I think, will not be considered one of that
description.
There have been but five cases within our
history of impeachments before the Senate of
the United States. The first of them was the
case of Blount, which was tried, I think, in the
year 1798. That was the impeachment of a
Senator; it went off upon a collateral question,
which was as to the fact whether a member of
the Senate was an officer impeachable under
the Constitution. The next case was the case
of Judge Pickering, of New Hampshire. The
charge there was drunkenness. The defense
put in—if there can be said to have been a de-
fense put in regularly, where the respondent
did not appear by counsel—-was insanity. That
question was tried in advance; it was ruled
against him ; and thereupon, upon the motion
of the members of the House, at the special
instance and upon the special order of the
House itself, to whom, I believe, the question
was then referred, the tjase was submiited with-
out argument, and a judgment rendered against
the defendant.
The third case was that of Justice Chase.
There the number of managers was seven.
They were all heard except one, and yet the
number of arguments made was equal to the
number of managers, because the default of
that one, if it was a default, was supplied by
two speeches from Mr. Randolph, the chair-
man, who opened the case and closed it.
The next ease was that of Judge Peck.
There the number of managers was five. They
all participated in the argument.
In none of these cases does there seem to
liave been—-I may be mistaken, and stand sub-
ject to correction if I am wrong—any ques-
tion as to the right of the House to be heard,
if it desired, through all its managers. If .there
was any discussion then, or any rale adopted on
the subject at that or any other time, members
of the Senate who. have participated in the
framing of these rules must be of course aware
of it, and will be able to make the answer in
their votes. There, however, as I have already
remarked, the course was the same as in the
case of Justice Chase.
The last ease was the case of Judge Hum-
SUPPIEMENT—11.
phreys. That took place at the commence-
ment of the war. There there was no appear-
ance. and of course no defense, and a sort
of judgment was taken by default,, something,
perhaps, in the nature of a judgment of out-
lawry.
It seems, then, that in the only two cases
that have been contested in this country before
this Senate, the rule 1ms been that all the
managers appointed by the House should bo
allowed to participate in the discussion.
How is it elsewhere? I have not chosen to
go beyond the waters to look into the prece-
dents ; but there is one case in British history
which is familiar to all of us, which is asso-
ciated, I may say, with the school-boy recol-
lection ofevery man in this nation, of every man,
indeed, who is familiar with our language, a
case made memorable. I suppose, mainly, not
by the peculiar interest which it involved, but
by the fact thatit was illustrated by the splendid
genius of some of the greatest men that ling
land has ever produced. It was not because
Warren Hastings was the Governor General ot
Bengal—that was a smal 1 matter, held, I believe,
by tiie grace of the British East India Com-
pany—but because such men as Edmund Burke
and Richard Briusley Sheridan were among the
manageis. It was such men as t hose who made
the ca-e an epoch in parliamentary history.
It may be said, however, that there was an-
other reason for it, and tha,t was its long dura-
tion. It continued, I believe, for as long a
period as seven years. I beg Senators to under-
stand that I do not quote it us an authority on
that point; but I think it will be remembered
by all of them that (he labor of argumentation
was distributed among all the managers, the
articles being numerous, complicated, and elab-
orate, though 1 suppose that the fact of all the
managers participating had nothing to do pos-
sibly with the prolongation of the lime.
And now, in view of these precedents, I
would desire to ask how does the present case
compare with them? Is it an ordinary one?
Why, it dwarfs them all into absolute nothing-
ness. There is nothing in the world's history
that compares with this. It makes an epoch in
history, and therefore I may well say that you
are making history to-day. And therefore, too,
I think it is, that upon questions of this sort you
should so rule as to show to posterity that you
do properly appreciate the magnitude of the
interests involved. Senators, lfcel myself the
difficulty of realizing its magnitude. 1 know
how hard it is for us, even, who are the actors in
this great drama, to rise to the height of this
great argument. Why, what is the case ? That
of a judge of the Supreme Court or of the dis-
trict court of the United States? That of a
custom-house officer? No. It is the case of
the Chief Magistrate of a great people, of an
empire reaching from ocean to ocean, and com-
prehending within its circumference forty mil-
lions of free, intelligent, thinking people, who
are looking upon your doings and waiting in
breathless suspense for your verdict. That is
the case now before you ; and if, in the case of
a judge of the Supreme Court—and from my
habitual respect for that tribunal, I would not
be understood to speak disparagingly of the
position—or if in the case of a judge of the
district court, it was thought improper to im-
pose any limitations, where the number of
managers was the same as now, what shall be
said of the application in a case like this of a
rule which prevails, as I have already remarked,
in all the courts, even in the most indifferent
causes? It can only be accounted for in one
way : either that the case was of small conse-
quence, or that it was so plain that the judges
required no professional research and no argu-
ment to aid them.
And now I desire only to say in conclusion,
in order that I may not be misunderstood, that
in the remarks which I have made I have not
been moved by any considerations that were
personal to myself. I have lived long enough
to outlive the time when the ambition to be
heard is felt by men ; I have lived too long, at
all events, to think it worth while to press an
argument upon an unwilling judge, whatever
may be the reasons by which he may be in-
fluenced, whether he may regard the case as
too clear a one, ui whether he may consider
it as so uninipnirant as not to be entitled to a
reasonable amount of time. I do not know,
if yon relax this rule, whether I shall be per-
sonally able to take advantage of it or not. That
will depend upon i.iy strong! h ; t hat will depend
again upon the tee ;ng that 1 may have as to the
necessity of anything additional to what may
he said by others. I felt it, however, to be my
duty to enter my protest—and I do it most
respectfully—against what may be drawn into a
precedent hereafter. If in a case like this the
argument may be limited to two, how will it bo
when another supreme judge is arraigned before
another Senate for high crimes and misdemean-
ors? 1 take it for granted that, measuring things
by their comparative proportions, another Sen-
ate would feel authorized to reduce the number
of counsel to one ; and if it came to a district
judge or a custom-house officer I do not know
whet her they might not feci authorized to deny
that privilege altogether.
.Mr. Manager STEVENS. Mr. Chief Jus-
tice, I have but a word to say, and that is of
vei-y little importance. I do not expect to be
able, if allowed, to sa_v many words upon this
subject. There, is one single article which I am
somewhere held rcsponsiblefor for introducing,
and a single article only, which I wish to argue
at a very brief length; but 1 desire that my
colleagues should have full opportunity to «x-
ereise such liberty as they deem proper in the
argument.
I have no objection myself—I do not speak
for my colleagues—if the Senate choose to
limit our time, to their doing so, and lining it
at what they think reasonable, what one gen-
tleman here would occupy, for 1 find they oc-
cupy three days sometimes here, lam willing
to allow the Senate to fix the time and let the
Managers, those who are not already expected
to speak in conclusion, to divide that time
among themselves. However, sir, this is a
mere suggestion.
I merely wish to say that I trust some further
time will be given, as there are two or three
subjects on which for a short time, perhaps an
hour or three quarters of an hour, some ol us
may be anxious to give the reasons why we
were so pertinacious m the House in insisting
upon their introduction after the House had
reported leaving them out. I confess I feel ire
that awkward position that I owe it to myself
and to the country to give the reasons why I
insisted with what is called obstinacy in intro-
ducing one of the articles; but I am willing
to be confined to any length of time which the'
Senate may deem proper. What I have to say
I can say very briefly. Indeed, I eannot say it
at any great length if I would. I merely make
this suggestion, and beg the pardon of the
Senate for having obtruded thus long upon their
time when they ought to proceed.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. _ Do the counsel for
the President desire to submit any remarks to
the Senate?
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I submit
an amendment, which I desire to be added to
the order as it stands, ' ■ 1
The CHIEF JUSTICE. -The amendment
will be read by the Clerk.
Mr. FRELINGIIUYSEN. Mr. President,
before the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio is submitted, I desire, if I am at-liberty,
to modify the resolution somewhat by adding
a further proviso that only one counsel on the
part of the Managers shall be heard in the
close. It was not the purpose of the resolution
to change the rule, excepting as to the .num-
ber who should speak.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the order as modified by the Senator from
New Jersey. , . •-
The Seckstaby. The order, as modified fey
the mover, now reads: • :
Ordered, That as many of the Managors.and of tfie
counsel for the -President bo permitted to speak on
the final argument as shall choose to do so s Provided,
