1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
22W
bill with that absurd provision contained in it.
It will not -commit so foolish an act as that
would be. The bill will require amendment
in some way, and I suppose the simplest form
it could assume to secure the purpose in view
in proposing it, would be that it should provide
that the oath of 1862 need not be taken by this
applicant; that he may take that oath in some
modified form. The bill put in that shape
would be sensible, and, I suppose, would strike
directly at the object intended by its authors.
But, Mr. President, ought this man to be
relieved? Ought you to withdraw in his case
the requirement of the oath-of-offiee act of
July 2, 1862? I propose to show that he has
no special merit; that he has no strong claim
on our indulgence or favor, and that if we
should retain sternly the provisions of that act
in any case and apply them in any case, this
is the very one or one of the very cases in
which it should be retained and applied.
This claimant called an interesting witness'
and had him examined preparatory to the con-
test in the House of Representatives on the
question of his seat. This witness was Rev.
Lewis Venabie. He was sworn and examined
in Johnson county. Tennessee, on the 24th
December, 18C7. He testifies as follows con-
cerning Mr. Butler. He says:
" My opportunities for knowing his sentiments are
as follows: we were both Clay whigs and of the
same religious sentiments; consequently our politi-
cal and religious sentiments ran together." (Page
41 of evidence.)
From page 68 of the same volume of the
evidence in this case (published by the House)
I will read a couple of passages, which will,
perhaps, show more fully the religious and
political position of this applicant as defined
by his own witnesses and by his own questions
submitted to them.
Stephen Mathews, a witness being under
examination, the claimant asks him this ques-
tion :
"If" * * * ■* " i did not state to you
that I wished not only the bridges had been burned,
but the damned road had been torn up from one end
to the other ?"
Again, he asked the same witness, being his
own—
"Please state if. during the fighting at Fort Donel-
son, I did not say that General Buell would come to
Nashville, and I hoped that ho would blow the
damned 'rebel hole' to hell, and not leave one stone
upon another."
This is a question asked by this claimant
himself of his own witness, citing his own words
on a former occasion with reference to the ut-
ter destruction and demolition of a great city,
the capital of his own State, in which there
were many thousands of loyal and innocent
persons then as there are now. The witness
responds to the latter question, virtually affirm-
ing that that language was used to him. Again,
at page 64, appears an answer of the same wit-
ness with reference to some sword presentation:
"In our conversations"—that is, between
Butler and himself—
"Upon the subject of the sword, Judge Butler and
myself agreed that if the sword was to cut the damned
rascal's throat we would both sign our names to the
list to help furnish it."
lie calls Rev. Lewis Venabie, who swears
that their religious sentiments and political
opinions are precisely alike. I ^ave read
from other parts of the testimony as produced
and shaped by himself, to show you by way of
illustration somewhat of his moral status as an
applicant for admission to Congress; and also,
sir, for another purpose, as preparatory to my
submission of facts with reference to his polit-
ical career since the commencement of the
rebellion.
I will now read from pages 51 and 52 of the
evidence. Observe, Mr. President, what I am
reading is from the testimony of this applicant
himself; the testimony taken by him in his own
behalf, and not from testimony taken against
him or in hostility to him. La Fayette Jones, a
witness is under examination, and Mr. Butler
asks him the following question and receives
the following answer:
" Qiiesfion. Please >state if Johnson county, where
eaidJEl.ll. Butler resided, was not infested by arebel
company ofhome guards, commanded by William K.
"Waugh, and if you, while in the United States Army,
was not ordered to come to said county, and while in
said county if it did not become necessary to kill said
Captain Waugh, and if you did not kill him, and what
took place between you and said Butler relative to
said killing.
Answer. Johnson county, wheresaid Butler resides,
was infested by a rebel company of home guards, com-
manded by WilliamIL Waugh, and while belonging
to the United States Army X was ordered to come
into said county; and while there it became neces-
sary to kill said Captain Waugh; and I did kill said
Captain Waugh: and after I returned to tho Federal
army I told said Butler that I had killed said Cap-
tain Waugh; he told me I had done the bestthing I
ever did in my life, and told me to go to the store in
Knoxville and help myself to the finest pair of boots
in the store, and I did so.
Further deponent saith not.
LA FAYETTE JONES.
The mode and manner in which this life was
taken, for which a reward was given afterward by
the applicant isnotstated, butthefairpresump-
tion, from the language used and the description
of the witness is, that it was an assassination,
that it was an irregular and unlawful taking of
human life, not in any recognized mode of
warfare, butaccordingto that violent, irregular,
cruel, I might say detestable, mode in which dia-
bolical passion sometimes manifests itself in
border warfare. Deliberately after the thing was
done this applicant rewarded the person who
committed the act by a present of a fine pair
of boots, and he himself calls a witness and
puts upon the record the proof of that fact in
this case, apparently oblivious to the opinion
which all mankind must form, if not express,
upon such a transaction.
But that is not all. I pass to another case,
produced also by himself in the evidence taken
by him. Captain Daniel Ellis is under exam-
ination, and this is the question put to him on
behalf of Butler, with his answer.
" Question. You say in your book (page 289) that
Samuel McQueen, Greene Moore, and other rebels of
Johnson county, had entered into a conspiracy to kill
all the Union men of Johnson county and burn their
houses. Please stateif R. R. Butler did notcome to
you at Knoxville and agree, if you would go through
the r<*bel lines and go to Johnson county and kill
said McQueen, that he would make you a present of
a fine military suit, and if you did not agree so to do?
" Answer. lie did agree, if I would go through and
kill McQueen, he would give me a suit of military
clothes; I did go through the rebel lines and made
the effort, but failed.
The excuse in this case for this attempted
exercise possibly of private vengeance was
that this man McQueen and several others had
united together to kill all the Union men and
destroy all the Union property in Johnson
county. That that is a mere pretext as an
excuse for this act is manifest from other parts
of the evidence, to which I will refer. At
page 37 Jacob H. Norris testifies as follows—
he is a witness also for Mr. Butler:
"Question. Please state if Johnson county, it being
the county where R. R. Butler resides, was not one
of the most loyal counties in Tennessee?"
.j. A * V V '<
"Annwcr. Johnson county, where R. R. Butler re-
sides. was considered one of the most loyal eountics
in the State of Tennessee to the Federal (j-ovcrnment,
casting only about 73 votes for secession."
At page 58 appears the following in tlie tes-
timony ol'Hamilton C. Smith, another witness
for Mr. Butler. He says:
" He. Butler, was elected"—
This was in 1801, to the rebel legislature—
"lie, Butler, was elected, receiving the largest
majority of votes over Ilia opponent that any one man
ever did receive in the two counties; the balloting
was strictly upon party issues: the strictly Union
men of the two counties voted for Butler and the
rebels voted for Rhea."
It appears afterward that the secession vote
was utterly insignificant.
In view of these facts, with regard to John-
son county, this excuse, that McQueen and
several other persons had entered into a con-
spiracy to kill all the Union men in that county
and destroy all their property, is perfectly ab-
surd. If this story were located somewhere
else, where the Union men were weak, there
might be some show of probability in a state-
ment of that kind. It is obvious, however,
that this is a mere pretext: and the presump-
tion is that some other motive than a public
or patriotic one actuated this attempt to pro-
cure the private assassination of an individual
in that county. It looks to aie, from the face
of it, very much like a transaction for private
vengeance, for glutting private animosity. Cer-
tainly there was no necessity at that time for
any such action in that county, above all other
counties in Tennessee, where the Union men
were in an overwhelming majority, where
nearly the entire population were or had been
Union men, one where such a nefarious con-
spiracy as this could not be carried into execu-
tion unless backed by a military force, which
it does not appear was there at the time.
I say, then, that upon the face of this record
this claimant, to make out a case for himself,
proceeds to prove against himself acts which
stamp his character more darkly and strongly
than mere words from me could do it; and I
.leave him, so far as that point is concerned,
upon this exhibition of the record.
It is said that this man, in the latter part of
the war, held a military command in the Fed-
eral Army and rendered important service.
When you come to look into the record you
find that he came into the Union lines and was
concerned in raising a company of volunteers
in East Tennessee at a particular time in the
war when his conduct is easily explained, and
that not upon the hypothesis of patriotism.
But, sir, upon one of the witnesses, John M.
Sawyers, (who was in the Army and knew the
facts,) being asked a question about Butler's
military service, he says, on page 5:
"The first I ever saw of him, Butler, was atCamp
Nelson, Kentucky, and he was there ordered to
Nashville, Tennessee, with his command, and re-
signed shortly after he arrived at Nashville. Ten-
nessee. I know of no battles in which he and his
command were engaged while he was ill the Federal
service."
It was a nominal command, which he resigned
without having performed any service, and it
was taken by him at a time and under circum-
stances to which I will refer hereafter.
Now, sir, let us come to the record of this
man with regard to loyalty prior to the time
when he was concerned with a military organ-
ization on our side, and commenced receiving
pay out of our Treasury as a converted rebel,
or as a man who under particular circum-
stances chose to take part with us in the strug-
gle. At page 12 of the evidence appears this
statement by Henry T. Wilber, a witness. He
says:
"I was with Butler in Knoxville, and he asked me
to give him all the influence I had to procure him
office under the confederate government."
In the previous part of his testimony he
fixes the date as in the fall of 1862. At that
time it appears that this applicant was seeking
otlice or place in the confederate service.
In August, 18G1, Mr. Butler was elected to
the rebel legislature of Tennessee. The State
had seceded previously; I think about the
month of June. In August an election was
held, and he was chosen us a representative
from Johnson and Carter counties, composing
a representative district. He went to Nash-
ville and took his seat in the rebel legislature,
and served therefor some three or four months,
until the attack upon Fort Donelson and the fall
of that place, when in consternation the legis-
lature adjourned and subsequently met at Mem-
phis. By tracing the journal and the laws
passed it seems, however, that Butler was
present in the month of March following, and
was then found voting upon bills in hostility to
us and in aid of the rebellion. In the course
of that year, however, our fortunes brightening
in that part of the country, Butler changed
his side and came over to the Union lines, and
was engaged in raising troops, as I have already
stated.
Now, I propose to prove these facts. I have
extracts from the journal of the rebel legisla-
ture of Tennessee of 18G1 and 1862, which I
will read:
"The general assembly of the State of Tennessee*
begun and held in the city of Knoxville, State oi
Tennessee, on Monday, the 7th day of October, in
the vea,r of our Lord 1§61," &c. , ,
"The following gentlemen appeared, presented
their credentials, and took their seats, the oath to
