1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4267
continue in force the provisions of section two
of the joint resolution approved March 26,1867,
respecting the importation of agricultural ma-
chinery free of duty for the further period of
one year from the 80th of June, 1868, and any
such machinery shipped before the 80th of
June, 1868, or which may have arrived since
that day, is to be exempt from duty.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
message from tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that, the House had passed the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 16-1) for the restoration of Com-
mander Aaron K. Hughes, United States Navy,
to the active list from the retired list.
bridges across tiie ohio river.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
622) to authorize the construction of bridges
across the Ohio river.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pend-
ing question is on the amendment reported by
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
to fill the blank in line ten of section one with
the words " two hundred and fifty," and the
blank in line thirteen with the word "five;"
so that the clause will read:
All the spans, other than the one over the main
low-water channel, shall be at least two hundred and
fifty feet in length in the clear, and the span cover-
ing the main low-water channel of the river shall be
of such length as to leave at least five hundred feet,
of unobstructed passageway of navigation at all
stages.
Mr. CAMERON. I have a little business
belonging to the morning hour, and I have
been trying to get the floor, but I cannot get
it up now on account of this bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor should have objected to the consideration
of the bill. It is now too late.
Mr. MORTON. I hope- that the Senate will
proceed with the consideration of the bill now
that it is up. The Senator's business will take
no longer after this bill is disposed of than it
will now.
Mr. CAMERON. I gave way yesterday, and
I should like to call up a resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Committee on
Post Offiees and Post Roads.
Mr. POMEROY. I think there is seme
mistake about that being offered from the com-
mittee. I think that what the committee re-
ported was different from that.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The committee did
not report it. It is the motion of the Senator
from Indiana.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Perhaps
the Chair was under a mistake in saying that the
amendment was the report of the committee.
Mr. MORTON. It is the report of the com-
mittee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is informed that it is the report of the com-
mittee.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to amend the
amendment by filling the blank in the tenth
line by inserting "two hundred and twenty,"
and filling the blank in the thirteenth line with
"three hundred." I will give the reasons for
this proposition as briefly as I can. I am sorry
to occupy any time during the morning hour
on any bill. If I did not believe conscien-
tiously thatthis bill was a prohibition against
bridging the river I would not say a word
about it. For the first time in the history of
our Congress in this country it is proposed to
prohibit bridge building. I regard this bill
without the amendment I have suggested as a
prohibition. I regard it so in the first place
from the fact that a five hundred feet span is
an obstacle that has never yet been overcome
in this country by bridges of the character
required in this bill. _
The committee have drawn this bill with a
view of fixing a minimum, and then allowing
the Secretary of War, under the advice of a
corps of engineers, to fix the maximum; and
yet 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator be
kind enough to have that clause read? I did
not hear it.
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir; I will read it.
And yet in view of that fact the Senator from
Indiana has moved that the maximum be put
in as the minimum ; that no bridge shall be of
less span than five hundred feet in the main
channel, from one end of the river to the other,
whether the river has that width or not. That
I regard as a prohibition against bridge build-
ing. The committee prepared the bill with the
view that there should be a minimum, as I will
read. It provides that—
All the spans other than the one over the main
low-water channelshall beat least fcetinlength
in tho clear, and the span covering the main low-
water channel of tho river shall be of such length as
to leave at least hundred feet of unobstructed
passage-way lor navigation at all stages.
The amendment, as moved by the Senator
from Indiana, is to fill the one blank with three
hundred feet and the other with five hundred
feet. The amendment to the amendment is to
make it conform to the existing law as a mini-
mum exactly. The present law is that the
spans approaching the main channel shall be
two hundred and twenty feet and in tho main
channel three hundred feet. There are three
bridges being built under the present law with
that limitation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I thought it was two
hundred and fifty for one.
Mr. POMEROY. I believe the law is three
hundred feet.
Mr. MORTON. The report of the commit-
tee is that the main span shall be five hundred
feet and the side spans two hundred and fifty
feet.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from West
Virginia tells me that I am right, that the law
is three hundred feet for the span over the
main channel and two hundred and twenty feet
for the arches that approach the main channel.
Now comes this proviso :
Provided, That the Secretary of War, after a full
examination of each case as hereinafter provided,
shall determine this width of passage adequate to the
wants of navigation.
Here is a provision that allows the Secretary
of War to decide each ease upon its own merits.
The third section reads as follows:
That any person, company, or corporation, author-
ized to construct a bridge across ttie Ohio rivor by
the Statesupon whoso territory said bridge will abut,
shall submit to the Secretary of War, for his exam-
ination, a design of tho bridge and pieis, and a map
of the location, giving for the space of at least one
mile above and one mile below tho prope sed location,
the topography of the banks of tho river, tho shoro
lines athigh and low water, the direction of the cur-
rent at all stages and the soundings accurately show-
ing tho bed of the stream, and shall furnish such
other information os may be required for a full and
satisfactory understanding of the subject by the Sec-
rotary of War; and if the Secretary of War is satis-
fied that the provisions of the law have been com-
plied with m regard to location, thcbuilding of the
piers may be at once commenced, but it* it shall appear
that the conditions prescribed by thls#aet cannot be
complied wuh at the location where it is desired to
construct the bridge, the Secretary of War shall
detail aboard, composed of three experienced officers
of the corps of engineer;!, to examine the case, and
may, 011 their recommendation, authorize the bund-
ing of the bridge at the proposed location on such
increased length of spans across the channel-way
as the said board may deem sufficient to scourea pas-
sage-way that shall not unnecessarily obstruct the
navigation of the river.
The meaning of the bill, as the committee
reported it, is simply this : that the present law
which requires a span of three hundred feet
in the main channel, and two hundred and
twenty feet in the spans that approach the
main channel, shall be adhered to, unless they
make out a case in each particular locality that
satisfies the Secretary of ^ ar that the span
ought to be longer ; and if the board of engi-
neers detailed for that purpose so report to the
Secretary of War, he may increase the length
of the span to any extent not limited in the
bill. He may make it five hundred feet, or
any other length that the board of engineers
shall direct. I claim that that is a fair provis-
ion. In the first place the bridges already being
constructed are being constructed under the
law. While I have no interest in them, and
do not know a friend on earth who has, yet I
think justice should be done to them. Com-
panies are now constructing bridges, and some
of them have completed their structures un-
der the law. Now, what is the use of requir-
ing other structures to be five hundred feet on
the same river, where the same class of boats
have to pass, when you have three bridges of
these dimensiolis already iu existence or being
constructed. Why is it that Congress is re-
quired as the minimum of the lowest span to
put a lighter span than is known in this coun-
try to-day in successful operation anywhere ?
I am not ignorant of the fact that there is a
suspension bridge at Niagara, but I am talking
about bridges built with the truss or any
other plan approved by railroad builders. The
suspension plan has never been adopted by
any engineers as a good system for railroads.
There is but one in operation in this country,
and that is at Niagara, of eight hundred feet
span, and that was erected because no other
bridge could be built there. You could not
build up a temporary structure to put the truss
bridge on at Niagara. You could not put any
abutments in the center. A suspension bridge
was the only kind of bridge that could be built
there, and it answers a good purpose. It is
at least better than none. By having a small
pony engine, as they call it, and taking the
trains apart, and going very carefully, it
answers a good purpose of transportation;
but not one would think of running over that
bridge a train at full speed, with the ordinary
weight of engines. It would be hazardous;
it would be presumption. No careful, good
engineer would think of it.
Now, as the suspension bridges are out of
the question in this controversy it becomes a
question whether we shall compel the arch or
any other kind of bridge known as a railroad
bridge to be built of a span of five hundred feet
in the clear as a minimum. I say that such a
provision is an obstruction to the erection of
railroad bridges never known in this country
before. The whole system, I suppose, is now
in its infancy. The rivers were made to run
to the south, but the immigration and travel,
and commerce of this country go east and
west to a great extent. When we lose sight of
the Niagara river nearly all our other great
rivers run to the south; that is the natural
channel of commerce and trade. _ But we have
been compelled to build artificial channels.
The progress of empire has been westward no
more and no less than the progress of our com-
merce and our freights aud our traffic. We
have been compelled to build artificial chan-
nels from the sea-board to the West. Shall they
be obstructed when they come to the Ohio river
by a bridge unknown to engineering, by a bridge
that has never been made a successful experi-
ment in this country? I apprehend the time
will soon come when from the tide-water here
at the Potomac, or Norfolk, we shall build arti-
ficial communications in the shape of railroads
to the West. They can surmount the obstacle
of the Alleghanies; they can surmount every
obstacle known on the route until they come
to the Ohio river, but the moment they approach
the Ohio river they are to be met by an act
of Congress, if this bill becomes a law, stating
" no matter where you reach it, at the top or
bottom, high water or low, broad channel or
narrow, you must at least have a span of five
hundred feet."
I submit to Senators whether that is not a
prohibition of budge building. There are ex-
periments being tried in this country of a five
hundred feet span ; but there are none that have
succecded. We passed a bill a few days ago
giving a company an opportunity to bridge the
Mississippi river at St. Louis with a five hun-
dred feet span, but that has never been indorsed
by any experienced board of engineers, it is
to be built ou the plan known as Colonel Jiads s
plan, who, by the way, has gone to Jiurope and
left his span—— . . ,
Mr. MORTON. The Senator is mistaken
about that. I inquired about that statement.
