2220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
support the constitution of the confederate States of
Ammcaand of theState of Tennessee being admin-
istered by Hon. William It. Turner."
Among the members appears "from'tlip
counties of Carter and Johnson, R. R. Butler.
He took his seat there, and was sworn to the
confederate cause. On the 14th of December,
1801, Mr. Butler votes for the following reso-
lutions :
Jtesolvedi Thzit it is the sense of this general as-
sembly that the separation of those States now form
* ? the confederate States of America from the Uni-
jed States is, and ought to be, final, perpetual, and
irrevocable; and that Tennessee will, under no cir-
cumstances, entertain any proposition from any quar-
tor which may have for its object a restoration or
reconstruction of the late Union on any terms or
conditions whatever.
"Iteaolved, That the warwhichthoUnitedStatos arc
waging against the confederate States should bo re-
sisted with the utmost vigor and energy, and until
our independence and nationality aro uncondition-
ally aokriowledflred by the United States.
Iiesohed, That Tennessee pledges herself to herself
and to her sister States of the confederacy that she
will stand by them throughout tho struggle; thatshe
will contribute all the means which her resources will
supply, so far as may be necessary, to tho support of
the common cause, and will notconsent to lay down
arms until peacc is established on the basis of tho
foregoing resolutions."
Those resolutions were adopted by, yeas 42,
nays 19, as a substitute for other resolutions
which had been proposed in the other branch
of the Legislature, Mr. Butler being in the
affirmative, and there being 19 negative votes.
'1 hen the resolutions, as thus amended by the
substitution of these resolutions for others,
were adopted—yeas 54, nays 3—Butler voting
ill the affirmative. On page 21 of this report
of evidence appears a resolution by Mr. Ellis,
an extract from which I will read :
"That any ono who would, in this hour of danger
to tho country, in violation of that potential voice
which has been spoken by the peoplo of Tenncssoe.
attempt to Ket up dissensions and internal strife, ana
thereby insidiously seek to draw any portion of tho
.people into tho clutches of tho Lincoln despotism,
should be regarded as a traitor and avoided as ail
enemy who would sacrifice our best interests upon
the altar of his unholy ambition. We would there-
lore earnestly appeal to ourrespectivo constituencies
throughout tho State to discard minor differences of
opinion which may have existed in reference to tho
old political parties, or touching the great revolu-
tion through which wo are mussing, and for the fu-
turo stand as one man in support of tho confederate
government and against our common enemy, who,
m violation of tho sacred right of self-government,
would, if possible, subj ugrato our people and desolate
our homes."
On the 11th of November that resolution
was road and adopted, there being no vote
against it.
Mr. TRUMBIJJjL. Allow rae to ask the
Senator from Pennsylvania if Mr. Butler voted
for that resolution?
Mr. B1JCKALEW. I stated that the reso-
lution was adopted by the Legislature, no
division taking place.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. Butler had noth-
ing to do _ with it, so far as the record goes,
except being a member of the Legislature.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Certainly, that is all I
said. Tho presumption is that he was in its
favor, as there was no division. Then, sir, on
the 19th of October, another resolution was
passed without a division, which read as
follows:
Whereas the counties of Overton, Fentress, and
Jackson are threatened with invasion by the Lincoln
forces of Kentucky: Therefore,
Jin itrpxalvedby the General Assembly of the. State of
UennesDec, lhat the Ciovcrnor be authorized and
requested to accept and have mustered into tho
service forthwith, and armed and equipped, the
cavalry company from Overton county Known as the
.Brown Rangeis."
The resolution was adopted without a
division, and oh motion of Mr. Donaldson its
transmission to the Senate was ordered.
Here is a bill somewhat more remarkable
than the resolutions to which I have referred.
On the 9th of October, 1801—
"Mr. O.-borne introduced House resolution No. 6
<i-01 "Al act t0 amend -in act passed Juno
zo, iboi, entitled An act to raise and equip a pro-
visional force and for other purposes'"—
A title very much like our military and con-
scription laws North—
" Which was read a first time, and passed to a
second reading."
On the 11th of October this bill passed a
second reading—yeas 63, nays 13. Amoug
the yeas is recorded the name of Mr. Butler.
The third reading was had oti the 12th of Oc-
tober, and was carried by a vote of yeas 61,
nays 5, Mr. Butler's name being again in the
affirmative. On both of those readings there
were men in the Legislature who voted nay,
who went upon the record against the organ-
ization of a military force to resist the Federal
arms, a military force to destroy the lives of
our officers and soldiers that by extraordinary
exertions and sacrifices we were raising and
sending into that part of the country to vindi-
cate our laws and maintain our jurisdiction.
Upon the second reading there were no less
than thirteen votes against that bill for per-
fecting a military organization of the State,
and upon the final vote there were also men
recorded in the negative; but this applicant for
membership in the House of Representatives
put himself on the record in the affirmative ou
both occasions, and defined his position be-
yond all cavil or question.
Now, sir, 1 have here that law which was
thus enacted. It is chapter twenty of the laws
of that year of the public acts of the State of
Tennessee, page 20, entitled:
"An act to_ amend an act to raise, organize, and
equip a provisional force, and for othor purposes."
It is a long, elaborate military bill of nine-
teen sections to aid the confederate govern-
ment; to raise tho military and pecuniary re-
sources necessary to invigorate the confederate
arms and resist us in the struggle; and this
man is upon the record solemnly upon two
occasions on the yeas and nays in favor of its
enactment, even when there were other mem-
bers of the Legislature who voted against it.
I give way at this point to the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] to enable him to make
a report.
Mr. SHERMAN. With tho consent of the
Senator from Pennsylvania, I ask leave to
make a report from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the manufactures bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to inquire of
the Senator from Ohio if he expects action on
that report now ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will it not give rise to
debate ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know ; but I
desire action immediately. 1 wish to state
that I hope it will not give rise to debate be-
cause I think there is nothing in it to which
any one will object. 1 further desire to state
that by the ordinary rules, not imperative, this
seport ought first to go to the House of Ilepre-
rentatives; but iu the peculiar circumstances
by which we are surrounded, in view of the ne-
cessity of passing the measure before Wednes-
day, we were induced on examining the rules
to report to the Senate lirst. Thore is no im-
perative rule on the subject, only a practice
that has grown up to report lirst to the House
that asked the conference. 1 ask that the
report be read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should make no ob-
jection, but the Senator sees there are but
about twenty minutes between this and tho
time when we shall proceed to other business.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the report is read and
debate arises it will go over ; but I ce-tainly
will not debate it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That necessarily post-
pones the bill we have under consideration.
Mr. JOHNSON. You cannot get a vote on
that now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall not object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The report
will bo read.
tax ox -.manufactures.
The Secretary read the report of the commit-
tee of conference, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to'tho bill
(II. It. JSo. 900) to exempt certain manufactures from
internal tax, having met. after full and free confer-
ence, have agreed to recommend and do recommend
to their respective Houses as follows:
, That the House recede from their disagreement to
, the second amendment of tho Senate and agree to
1 the same.
Thatthe Houserecede from their amendment to the
third amendment of the Senate and agree to the said
Senate amendment,. with an amendment, as follows:
Insert in lieu of said Sonate amendment, after the
enacting clause, the words: That after the lstday of
June next no drawback of internal taxes paid on
manufactures shall be allowed on the exportation of
any article of domestic manufacture on which there
is no internal tax at the time of exportation; nor
shall such drawback bo allowed in any case unless it
shall be proved by sworn evidence in writing to the
satisfaction of the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue that the tax had been paid, and that such articles
of manufacture were prior to the 1st day of April.
1868, actually purchased or actually manufactured
and contracted for, to be delivered for such exporta-
tion; and no olaim for such drawback, or for any
drawback of internal tax on exportations made prior
to the passage of this act, shall be paid unless pre-
sented to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue be-
fore the 1st day of October, 1868, and the Senate
agree to tho same.
They recommend that the House recede from their
amendments to tho foui th amendment ofthe Senate,
and agree to the same with an amendment, as fol-
lows: Insert in lieu of said Senate amendment:
Sec. i. And be it farther enacted, That every per-
son, linn, or corporation who shall manufacture by
hand or machinery any goods, wares, or merchandise
(breadstufts and unmanufactured lumber excepted)
not otherwise specifically taxed as such, or who shall
be engaged in tho manufacture or preparation for
salo ot any articles or compounds not otherwise
speoilicjilly taxed, or shall put up for sale in pack-
ages, with his own name or trade-mark thereon, any
ai tides or compound not otherwise specifically taxed,
and whose annual sales exceed $j,0U0, shall pay for
every additional SI,000 in excess of 65,000 two dol-
lars, and the amount of sales in excess of the rate
of $5,000 per annum shall be returned quarter yearly
to the assistant assessor, and the tax on the excess
of $5,000 shall be assessed by tho assessor and paid
quarter yearly in the months of January, April, July,
and October of each year, as other taxes are assessed
and paid. And the first assessment herein provided
for shall bo made in the month of July, 1868, for the
three months then next preceding.
Sec. h. And be ufurther enacted, That every person
engaged in carrying on the business of a distiller who
shall defraud or attempt to defraud the United States
of tho tax on tho spirits distilled by him, or any part
thereof, shall forfeit the distillery and distilling ap-
paratus used by him and all distilled spirits and all
raw materials for the production of distilled spirits
found in the distillery and on the distillery premises,
and shall, on conviction, be fined not less than $500
nor more than 65,000, and be imprisoned not less than
six months nor more than three years.
Sec. 0. And be it further enacted, That if any officer
or agent appointed and acting under the authority
of any revenuo law of tho United States shall be
guilty of gross neglect in tho discharge of any ofthe
duties of his office, or shall eonspirc or collude with
any othor person to defraud tho United States, or
shall make opportunity for any person to defraud
the United States, or shall do or omit to do any act
with intent to enable any other person to defraud
the United States, or shall make or sign any false
eeitilieate or return in any case where ho is by law
or regulation required to make a certificate or re-
turn, or having knowledge or information ofthe vio-
lation of any revenue law by any person, or of fraud
committed by any peison against the United States
under any revenuo law of tho United States, shall
tail to report in wiiting such knowledge or informa-
tion to his next superior officer and to tho Cominis-
sioner of Internal Revenue he shall, on conviction,
i ,P,°^.not lcss than $1,000 nor more than £<3,000, ana
snail bo imprisoned not less than &ix mouths nor more
than three yeai>.
Sec. 7. And be it farther enacted, That no compro-
mise, discontinuance, or nolle prosequi of any pros-
ecution under this act .shall be allowed without the
And tho Senate agree to the same.
JOHN SHERMAN,
J. M. HOWARD,
O. P. MORTON.
Managers on the part ofthe Senate
IIOBRRT C. SCliEXCK,
JAMBS BROOKS,
„ 1'. \V. FERRY,
Managers on the part of the House.
\ pMr'-^PDRt1,CKS' 1 Inove tllat the report
be printTO, so that wo may know something
more about it, and that the subject be post
poned until to-morrow.
Yr' 1 trust tho Senator will
t/l]"eSM^fFor i t0 1° that' because bill
takes effect on Wednesday, and we have stricken
out all that to which any objection was made
h nr f 111 t ate of Saturday. As
* ! frUC1 prus£lne importance and as
t is to take effect on Wednesday, and wiii be
such a gieat relief to the country, the report
was agreed to unanimously by the two com-
nuttees of conference; and I trust the Senator
the vote W " m°U<m and a!low us
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is utterly impow'ble
to be prepared to either discuss or vote'on I
in easuie of this importance ui>rm iiw
of it by tie "R m
