4268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
I am informed that is a mistake. The bridge
is going on.
Mr. POMEROY. The philosophical prin-
ciple of the arch in the plan of Colonel Eads
will be found to be thns: he has a steel arch
of five hundred feet, and the circle, of course,
is much more than five hundred feet. Put it
out in the sun, build it at any season of the
year yon choose, let the sun of to-day shine
upon it, and it will expand and rise in the
center eight inches. That will bring up the
whole structure with it. If you build a truss
bridge in combination with it, the momentthe
arch expands the whole weight of the bridge
is drawn up into the air with that expansion.
Let a train go ou that truss bridge when it is
thus expanded, and the whole weight goes on
the arch, not the weight of the train simply,
b'lt the weight of the train and the bridge, and
if the arch is not sufficient of itself to stand
the weight, both of the bridge and the train,
it will be crushed. Take it at another season
of the year; let the arch contract; and then
the whole weight is oil the truss: and what is
true of the arch when expanded is true of the
truss when the arch is contracted. 1 know
you can make an arch of wood that will sup-
port a truss. You have got them near Phila-
delphia and at other places, noito any such ex-
tent as five hundred feet, though ; but a wooden
arch that will not expand in the sun will be a
support to a truss bridge, I have no doubt.
Now, sir, I fear that I shall be charged with
some hostility to this bill, and with trying to
defeat it in the morning hour. I said 1 would
not extend my remarks. 1 believe religiously
and conscientiously that this is a bad system
of legislation ; that it is a prohibition of bridge
building on the Ohio river; thatitisan untried
experiment; that it is subjecting companies
who propose building bridges over that river
to unheard of expense. They estimate the
cost of the bridge at St. Louis at many millions.
They have called on the city of St. Louis to
issue bonds to tho extent of $4,000,000. I
do not doubt that bridges of great capacity can
be built if you will expend money enough; but
to oblige every corporation, when there is no
necessity for it, to expend trom two to six mil-
lions is putting upon them a burden that they
cannot and will not sustain, and it is a prohi-
bition against the system of bridge building.
I believe that these lines of communication
East and West should be fostered and encour-
aged by the Government, as well as the natural
channels of immigration and business North
and South. While I would not injure tho nav-
igation of the rivers, yet the navigation of all
rivers is passing away. The steamboat busi-
ness belongs to the day of the buried past. It
is an antediluvian that talks about it. We have
killed off nearly all the steamboats on our
rivers by building railroads up and down their
banks. It is the great interest of artificial
commerce, that is commerce made by rail-
roads, of which I am speaking; and I do not
believe we have any right to crucify that inter-
est for the benefit of any other, and especially
for the benefit of an interest which is passing
away. A few years from now and the steam-
boat business in this country on tho rivers will
hardly be recognized or heard of, except, per-
haps, as floating down rivers heavy articles
that cannot easily be handled in railroad cars
or by railroad trains. I have only the interest
in this subject that all Senators have, I sup-
pose ; but 1 believe we should put the mini-
mum where the law now is, and let the Secre-
tary of War, in each case made out on its own
merits, extend the spans as high as he chooses.
That is my belief.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Kansas reminds me of an old friend
of mine called Abraham Harnley. Abraham
was a cousin of a distinguished individual of
the last century called Rip Van Winkle. Abra-
ham Harnley was very much in favor of a_rail-
road from Harrisburg to Lancaster, of which I
was the projector a good many years ago. I
remember making a little speech in favor of
railroads some thirty years ago. I said to the
multitude assembled that I had no donbt there
were plenty of people listening to mo then who
would live to see the day when they could start
from Harrisburg to Philadelphia, one hundred
miles, and get their dinner, and come back
the same day; audit created wonderful enthu-
siasm. After the meeting was over Abraham
Harnley came to mc and he said, " Well, Mr.
Cameron, I'se right glad as you told those
fellows about going to Philadelphia in a day
and back; but"—putting his finger to his
eye—'"you and I knows better as that."
[Laughter.]
Now, the gentleman's ideas about bridges
and railroads go back to the day of Abraham
Harnley. Why, sir, I remember perfectly well
when Theodore Burr first invented the wooden
arch. Men said that it was madness to think
that you could make an arch of wood that
would span a river ; and when the first wooden
bridge in America, indeed the first in the
world, which was only about fifty years ago,
was made, people said. "That man is crazy,
and none but madmen would give their money
to make a bridge over this terrific river"-—the
Susquehanna, which was three quarters ot a
mile wide at that place. Abraham Harnley,
God bless him, is dead long ago ; but now we
can go from Philadelphia to Harrisburg two
or three times a day and back, and two or
times in the night, and we have no trouble
about it.
Bridges began with an arch of one hundred
and filly feet. They have run them up to
two huudrcd and sixty, and 1 believe to two
hundred and eighty feet; some few to three
hundred, upon the truss plan ; but bridge
building is still in its infancy, as railroads are
yet in their infancy. Why, sir, the coal trade
of the Upper Alleghany twenty years ago was
not five hundred thousand bushels a year, it is
now forty million bushels. In 1820 the whole
anthracite coal trade of Pennsylvania was three
hundred and sixty-five tons. Last year it was
over twelve million tons, bringing a product,
in money greater, 1 believe, than all the gold
of California. This has been the result in a
little over forty years. In that time our people
have made a railroad running from the Dela-
ware river into the coal mountains, oil which
they have expended more than fifty million
dollars with its branches. They have made ft
canal costing twenty or thirty millions, which
is now a competitor of the railroad.
The gentleman talks about canals and rivers
having done their duty. It is no such thing.
For all time to come they will be used for
heavy freights, because they will be less ex-
pensive, and of course more profitable to the
owners of the products. We have in Penn-
sylvania more than a thousand miles of rail-
road under the ground ; some of it two or
three hundred feet below the surface ; and they
are going on improving all the time.
The gentleman tries to belittle the bridge at
Niagara. It is eight hundred and thirty feet
long. They use a pony engine, as he calls it,
and I believe that is a technical term ; but it
is because they have plenty of time there.
There is not much trade, but a great deal ot
travel; and it is perfectly safe. 1 do not re-
member the length of the bridge over the
Alleghany at Pittsburg, but it crosses the Alle-
ghany river about tho center of tho city, not
by an arch, to be sure; it is a suspension
bridge, and there is no reason why you cannot
make a suspension bridge as strong as any
other. Indeed, bridge builders think it is the
strongest kind of bridge. It is not twenty-five
years since the use of wire rope was first
thought of in the world. It was invented a
great many years ago, but it is not twenty-five
years since the wire rope has been used in the
arch, and it is now the great feature in the sus-
pension bridge. We must look ahead, not look
back. Men will never improve this country,
they will never do for it what God intended
should bo done, if we look back all the time.
We must look in advance, and we must be
guided by science and lparning and experience;
we must get the benefit of all their researches
in order to achieve the great results for which
we are destined.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it is the duty of the
Chair to call the attention of the Senate to the
unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. MORTON. I would say to the Senator
from California [Mr. Coxhess] that I think
we can soon get a vote on this bill, and I should
be glad if he would allow the regular order to
be passed over informally for a time.
Mr. CONNESS. If there is any prospect
of coming to a vote on this bill I shall have no
objection; but if it is going to lead to great dis-
cussion, of course I want to go on with the
important measure which is the regular order.
Mr. CAMERON. I wish to occupy but a
minute or two further to show that bridges of
long span have been made and are now in
operation.
Mr. POMEROY. I shall not oceupy any
time unnecessarily; but I have some commu-
nications from engineers in this country and in
Europe that I want to present. I shall not
occupy a moment that I can get along without.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to make a sugges-
tion to my friend from Indiana. It is apparent
that this bill cannot pass, with the opposition
to it, in the morning hour; and I suggest to
him that if he will move a session for this even-
ing he can get his bill then voted upon, and I
think that will be the best plan. _ It is apparent
that even by threatening discussion of a bill of
this kind it can be put over in the day now.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 will vote for an even-
ing session, and shall be glad to have the bill
disposed of then.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope that will be done,
because then there will be a certainty of get-
ting a vote.
Mr. MORTON. Rather than take the risk
of not having a quorum to-night I would pre-
fer to have an understanding that after we dis-
pose ot' the bill of the Senator from California
this bill shall then come up and succeed it.
Mr. CONNESS. I suppose there will be
no objection to that.
Mr. MORTON. With an understanding of
that kind I am willing that the Senate should
go on with the bill of the Senator from Cali-
fornia, and I hope it will not take a great
while.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest to
the Senator from Indiana, that he will prob-
ably find it impracticable to carry out any such
understanding, because there is a large amount
of executive business, and the Senate is very
likely to go into executive session at an early
hour to-day.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to in-
terpose here to say that the Committee on
Appropriations have an appropriation bill
which ought to be presented to the Senate. It
will not occupy many minutes, I think, but it
is absolutely necessary that it should pass.
Mr. CONNESS. Let us dispose of this
understanding first. Will the Senator from
Indiana now make his motion for a recess ?
Mr. MORTON. Very well; I move that
the Senate at five o'clock to-day take a recess
to meet at half past seven for the considera-
tion of the bill we have had up this morning.
Mr. HOWE. I must appeal to the Senate
at some time to give to the Committee on
Claims an evening session, and I wish to put
in my petition now that the Senate may dispose
of their time in reference to it. It is entirely
immaterial to me when I have it, but I want
one some time.
Mr. POMEROY. Next week will do.
Mr. HOWE. I am afraid the Senator is
postponing it a little to satisfy the purposes or
the claimants. There are quite a number ot
House bills pending here which have been
reported by the Committee on Claims that will
not occupy a great deal of time. I was advised
to ask for a session this eveniug.
_ Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The bridge
bill will probably not occupy a great while this
evening, and after that the chairman of the
Committee on Claims may have a chance.
