1106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
In the case before us the majority of those
who, in conformity to law, participated inthe
election, voted for Mr. Smith. Those who
voted for Mr. Brown did so in no legal sense,
but threw away their votes on an ineligible per-
son ; and the effect of their conduct is pre-
cisely the same as if they had stayed at home
and not attempted to vote.
The committee go on to say that the right
of representation cannot be taken away—an-
other useless and groundless position. The
right of representation cannot be taken away
in this case by rebel votes or by disunion
votes. Congress might do it. The commit-
tee do not ask that Congress by their votes
shall disfranchise the people of that district.
But they do ask Congress to vote an indorse-
ment ot the action of the rebels in that dis-
trict. The rebels, by their own contumacy and
refusal to comply with the law, have disfran-
chised themselves. And now we are asked
by a solemn vote to say that they have done
so; and not only disfranchised themselves, but
every Union man, also, ia the district.
Mr. Speaker, in the brief time allotted to
me—I must glance quickly from one point to
another—I wish to call attention to some of
the elements necessary to a legal participation
in an election.
1. The person voting must be entitled to vote.
2. The vote must be cast according to law,
at the time and place and in the manner
directed by law.
3. The elector must give his vote in good
faith for a person entitled to hold the office.
4. A vote is illegal if the elector is not enti-
tled to give it; and if he knowingly thus gives
it he commits a crime. In either event the
vote is void, not the election. Illegal voters
cannot thus disfranchise legal voters, and a
new election is not necessary.
5. A vote is illegal if given at a wrong time or
place or in a wrong manner, and is void; and
an election held at the wrong place and time
and conducted in a wrong manner is void.
Mistakes in good faith and frauds of this kind
render both votes and elections void, and a new
election, to be held in conformity to law, should
be ordered.
6. A vote is illegal if knowingly and wilfully
cast for an ineligible person ; the vote is void,
not the election. I desire to call the attention
of the House to this distinction. Where a vote
is knowingly given for a person who is ineli-
gible the vote is illegal and void, but the elec-
tion is not necessarily void. And therefore, in
a case of that kind, a new election is not neces-
sary. Where illegal votes are cast no new
election is properly to be ordered; the illegal
votes are to be thrown out, and those cast in
conformity with law are to be counted, and the
majority or plurality of those, as the statute
may provide, are to control the election.
7. Where an election is held at the time and
place and in the manner prescribed by law and
the returns are duly made it is a valid election,
and the person who receives the majority or
plurality (as the statute may prescribe) of legal
votes is entitled to hold the office.
8. In this case the election was held rcgu-
latly and the returns were made properly, and
the majority of legal votes were given to Samuel
l-j. Smith, who is therefore entitled to the cer-
tificate of election.
I desire to call the attention of the House to
the plurality rule. In this case we are not
called upon to resort to the majority rule, the
effect of which, where it prevails, is that un-
less some one candidate receives a majority of
the legal votes east the election is void. But
where the plurality law prevails, if the candi-
date receiving the greatest nnmber of votes
was known by those voting for him to be inel-
igible, the candidate receiving the next highest
number of votes, votes cast in compliance with
the election laws, is elected. As an authority
on this subject I refer to Gushing's Law and
Practice of Legislative Assemblies, page 44,
■section one hundred and eighteen. I cannot
go into a discussion of the authorities in detail.
As my time is about to expire, 1 will close.
Mr. DAWES. I now yield to the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Peters.] How much time
does he desire?
Mr.'PETERS. Not less than twenty min-
utes.
* Mr. DAWES. I cannot yield the gentleman
more than fifteen minutes.
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, John Young
Browu received 8,922 votes for a Representa-
tive to this Congress. Samuel E. Smith, who
contests his right to the seat, received 2,816
votes ; and a Mr. Ritter received 1,555 votes.
The objection to Brown was that he had aided
and countenanecd rebellion in Kentucky in the
beginning of the war by "publicly and pri-
vately" declaring his views in the following
language:
"Not one man or one dollar will Kentucky furnish
Lincoln to aid him in his unholy war against the
South. If this northern Army shall attempt to cross
our borders wo will resist it unto the death; and if
one mail shall bo found in our Commonwealth to
volunteer to join them he ouftht, and 1 believe will,
be shot down beforo he leavos the State."
For this the House has decided that Brown
was licit by the act of Congress requiring the
" test- oath " an eligible candidate, and is not
entitled to the seat. Mr. Smith was an out and
out Union man all through the war, and is the
only oligible candidate who received a plurality
of votes. Bear in mind that Mr. Brown has
everywhere, here and elsewhere, admitted that
his constituency knew he had frequently uttered
the words quoted, that notice of it was widely
published in the newspapers and in handbills
during his canvass, and further, that his oppo-
nents proclaimed against him upon the stump
that Ihose words were disloyal and treason-
able, and that if elected Jie could not take the
test-oath and would never be allowed his seat.
Mr. Brown, however, maintained then, as he
nosy maintains, that no treasonable intention
wes entertained, that ho was really a Union
man and only conspired to keep his State in a
position of neutrality, and that his position
was so regarded by those who voted for him.
The question now is, inasmuch as Browu has
been voted out, shall Smith be voted in?
Mr. Speaker, I am irresistibly brought to
the conclusion, after such examination and
reflection as I have been able to give this case,
that Mr. Smith, the contestant, is legally enti-
tled to the seat; and the only question, in my
view of the case, is whether the House will
follow the law or whether it will, under the
circumstances of the case, exercise a discre-
tion which it has a perfect right to exercise in
the premises, and decide that Mr. Smith is not
entitled to the seat. Sow, sir, I proclaim here
that I am for giving this Union man from Ken-
tucky all his legal rights, however strict they
may bo.
I am afraid, Mr. Speaker, we are almost
ready to forget, even at this early day after the
rebellion, the great value of the genuine and
unflinching patriotism of the men of Kentucky,
who, when the soil of their State was reddened
with the track of war, stood by the flag against
such terrible odds. And although, I confess,
there may be strong reasons of policy in favor
of departing in this ease from the strict, legal,
technical, common-law rule, I for one say
boldly that, believing the position maintained
by the contestant to be a legal one, I am ready
to put it into effect by my vote in behalf of this
Union man from Kentucky and the glorious
Union constituency who have sought to send
him here as their Representative.
But, sir, I have no time for a speech; I
must improve the short period allotted me by
stating as elcarly as I can a few salient points !
bearing on the conclusion arrived at. In the
first place, it seems to be admitted in the re- i
port of the committee that the English prece- '
dents are all in favor of the right of my friend ;
to a seat if it were not for a single qualifica- [
tion, and that is, that the voters must have '
notice of the want of' eligibility in the eandi- •
date for whom they vote. If those who, voted
for Brown had notice that he was not eligible, j
then British precedents would give the place j
to Smith. I
Had the constituency wha voted for John
Young Brown notice of his taint of rebellion ?
Can a proposition in this world be more plainly
established? They had the same evidence
before them to prevent their voting for him
that we have had here. They had the same
evidence against him at the .time they persist-
ently voted for him as this House had against
him, upon which we have voted to exclude
him from his seat. The same facts were within
the knowledge of every voter there as have
been within the knowledge of every member
here. It-seemsto me, sir, the real proposition
in this ease was on the admission of Browji. I
was deeply impressed with the many patriotic
sentiments in his speech, at least, apparently
such—his fervid and very eloquent appeal in
his own behalf; but when we turned him out
because he was not an eligible candidate we
ought to follow the clear deduction of both
law and logic and allow Mr. Smith to come in.
But gentlemen say that Brown in the can-
vass told his friends and constituents that he
was a Union man. Has he not told this House
he was a Union man? Did he not make the
statement upon this floor, in his very able and
eloquent speech, that he always was and always
would be a Union man. I ask this House how
it can consistently turn that man out and say
that the evidence which was conclusive on him
shall not be also conclusive upon his constitu-
ents who' sent him here, with their eyes as open
as ours and with the same knowledge on the
subject ? In order to make these precedents
applicable the only question is, had that con-
stituency notice? What notice? How is it
to be obtained? Does any gentleman suppose
that a direct notice could be served upon each
and every one of ten thousand voters? It is to
a reasonable notice, not an impossible one,
and not absolute knowledge. It is to be such
notice as they are presumed to have, of acting
with their eyes open; for, sir, voters have a
careful duty to perform as well as anybody
else. A- notice to a body-politic, and usually
any corporation, is at most but constructive,
however given, and may be shown by inferen-
tial or circumstantial testimony. If you are
to go so far as to say every voter should have
absolute knowledge, though you shall prove
notice had been directly given him, if he did
not believe the notice so far as he was con-
cerned he might be without belief or know-
ledge. It seems to me in any view, when you
apply to Brown's constituency the same rules
of evidence which you have applied to Mr.
Brown, then Mr. Smith is entitled to the seat.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] stated that the American congressional
precedents are i^ot m favor of Smith. Neither
are they in favor of the opposite doctrine. Ko
decision was ever made, nor was the question
even over discussed, in any case like this m
Congress, although cases have arisen where it
might have been. There is reason enough for
that. No question of fraud was alleged in the
cases. -No great question of public policy was
at stake. There was not sufficient personal
ambition in some minority candidate to af-k
for a seat. There has been a great deal of
toleration, and there should be on the part of
minorities.
But the gentleman instanced the case of
Brown, who was allowed, several Congresses
ago, to remain here and be sworn in after he
had arrived at the ajxe of twentv-tive vears,
having been elected before he was as old as
the Constitution required. That was n case
o f mere toleration upon the part of the House.
The same principle involved in our vote put-
ting Brown out now would have put him out
then. If he is ineligible now and not entitled
to a seat lie was ineligible then and not entitled
to a seat. That was no precedent against Smith
now more than in favor of Brown at this time.
The gentleman from Massachusetts admits
that Gushing (who is an undisputed authority)
lays down in broad terms, without qualifica-
tion, a doctrine, which, when applied to Smith,
woald give him his seat. But it is said he does
not cite any authontiesinsupportof it. Allow
