3244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
, June 18,
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is a very important
bill. According to my recollection it changes
the present law, which has stood on the statute-
book perhaps for forty years, prohibiting the
sale of vessels that may be turned into vessels
of war. One of our difficulties during the
recent rebellion grew out of the fitting out of
vessels in Great Britain, which were sold to the
rebels, and armed after they had passed out to
sea frequently. I did not know that this bill
was coming up this morning; but a bill some-
what similar was at one time before the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and my recollection is
that it was not thought best to recommend its
passage at that time. Perhaps the Senator
from New York [Mr. CoxklingJ will remember
about that. This is a bill that proposes to
authorize the sale of vessels which may be
turned into vessels of war, and is in contraven-
tion of the policy of the Government, I think,
ever since its foundation. The Senator from
Massachusetts [Jlr. Sumneii] more particularly
represents our foreign affairs, and if he is satis-
fied with the bill I do not propose to interpose
any further objection than to call the attention
of the Senate to it as a very important change
in the law, which may possibly involve us in
difficulties with friendly Powers hereafter in the
event of foreign wars.
Mr. CHANDLER. If Senators will read
the proviso tlicy will find that this bill is very
carefully guarded. It has been carefully pre-
pared. The proviso is:
'Provided, That tho transaction is simply commer-
cial, with no intent on the part ot the poller or char-
terer to participate in any belligerent act, and that
the vessel or stoamer, while in transitu, is in no re-
spect exempted from tho law of contraband.
Thus it will be seen that the bill is very
carefully guarded. It has been petitioned for,
I believe, by all the vessel builders on the At-
lantic coast—certainly by all in New York.
My friend from New York [Mr. Morgan] will,
I think, remember that the petition to which I
refer was signed by every vessel builder in New
York. I think the whole vessel interest has
applied for the passage of this bill.
Air. CO NKL1N(J. Will the Senator be kind
enough to state to us what the law is now, as
he understands it, and then the change made
by this bill, and the extent of the change?
Mr. CHANDLER. The law, as it now is,
is a little mixed, it is governed more, per-
haps, by usage than positive statute. This is
declaratory of what the law is and shall be
construed to be. The law lies now as much in
the usage of nations as in definite statutes.
The object of this bill is merely to define what
the law isaud shall be hereafter construed to be.
Mr. CONKLlNGt. A mere statute of con-
struction, then?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes; that is, the bill
says tho law shall be construed so and so. It
is declaratory of the law with regard to the
sale of ships to friendly nations. That is all.
I think the bill ought to pass. It is certain
that the ship-builders of the United States
want it to pass.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, if the
effect of this bill were to be, and we could have
that assurance, to measure to the other nations
of the earth precisely what is meted out by
them to us, I think it ought to pass; but it
relates to a very complicated and delicate sub
ject, to one which, in the House of Represent-
atives, has been considered elaborately by the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and which is
embraced within memorials and bills that have
several times been referred here to the corre-
sponding committee of this body. I had no
expectation that such a bill was to come at any
time from the Committee on Commerce, and cer-
tainly no expectation that we were to consider it
this morning. My impression is that it is a jump
in the dark. I submit to the Senator from Mich-
igan that if he is going in this present bill to press
the subject upon the attention of the Senate it
would be well to allow it to stand over to the
end that we may consider it a little and take it
up hereafter. My impression is, as I said
before, that the subject-matter belongs appro-
priately to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions. It is not a thing by itself; it is one link
in a chain a good many links in which need to
be burnished ; and whenever we take up the
subject at all, I think it should be more com-
pletely and more intelligently than we can do
it now, and certainly in u, bill so brief as this.
I do not wish, however, to interpose anypbjee-
tion to the bill ; 1 make my remark in the
nature of a suggestion to the Senator, that I
think he had better let it stand over or else
send it to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have no objection to
its standing over, but I will simply state a fact
that has just come to my knowledge. This
bill was drawn really by the chairman ot the
Committee on Foreign Relations as a substi-
tute for another measure, and is very carefully
guarded. 1 state the fact to show that it has
certainly had the attention of the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations, and it is,
as we think, very carefully guarded. But if
the Senator from New York desires that the
bill shall lie over I shall not object.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I would sug-
gest an amendment to the chairman of the
Committee on Commerce that I think will
obviate any further difficulty, and that is to
insert in the proviso a clause requiring the
transaction to have the approval of the Secre-
tary of State.
Mr. FERRY. What good would that do?
Mr. CHANDLER. I think that complicates
it without doing any good.
Mr. FERRY. It would give the Secretary
of State control of all that kind of commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think the bill is suf-
ficiently guarded now. If it bo the pleasure
of the Senate to pass it we may as well do it
at once ; if not, let it go over.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
GKEAT BRITAIN AND ABYSSINIA.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to take up
Senate joint resolution No. CD.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. CO) to preserve neutrality
between the Government of Great Britain and
the king of Abyssinia.
Mr. CHANDLER. I -move that the joint
resolution be indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
DUTIES ON DAMAGED MERCHANDISE.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to take up
for consideration Senate bill No. 76.
The motion was agreed to ; and tho bill (S.
No. TO) providing for tho abatement of duties
on merchandise damaged on the voyage of
importation was considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
The first section provides that merchandise,
which may have sustained damage during the
voyage of importation, shall be entitled to an
abatement of duties in proportion to the dam-
age so sustained; but no abatement of duties
for damage on any merchandise shall be allowed
unless claim therefor shall be made by the
owner or consignee within ten days after the
landing of the same, nor unless it shall be
proved to the satisfaction of the collector, or
chief officer of the customs of the port into
which the .merchandise is imported, that the
damage alleged was sustained after the mer-
chandise had been shipped from a foreign coun-
try destined for, and previous to its landing in,
the United States. The damage, in all cases,
is to be ascertained and appraised by the offi-
cers of tho customs charged with the ascertain-
ment and appraisement of the value of mer-
chandise imported from foreign countries.
The second section provides that before any
order for the ascertainment and appraisement
of damage alleged to have been sustained dur-
ing the voyage of importation shall be granted
by the collector, or other chief officer of the
customs, the owner or consignee shall make
application to such collector, or other chief
officer, specifying the description of the mer-
chandise and the number of packages, parcels,
or quantities, on* which an abatement for dam
age is claimed, and such application shall be
made in such form, and be sustained by such
proofs, as the Secretary of the Treasury may
PrThe third section makes itthe duty ofthe in-
spectors, or other officers ofthe customs,
whose supervision any merchandise imported
from foreign countries is nn aden, to Keep
a particular account of all packages and par-
cels of such merchandise which may exhibit
any appearance of damage during the voyage
of'importation, and to note the same m books
kept and the returns made by them ; and the
day on which the unlading of any vessel is
completed is to be deemed and takerUo "e'ke
date of the landing of all merchandise imported
in such vessel? from which the ten da3~s may
run, within which the owner or importer is
allowed to make claim for damage.
It is provided by the fourth section that no
abatement of duties on account of alleged
damage during the voyage of importation shall
be made in respect to any merchandise which
has passed into the custody and control of the
owner or consignee; but such packages and
parcels of merchandise as exhibit, on landing,
appearance of damage, may, at the request of
the owner or consignee, be deposited in any
public or bonded warehouse, or other suitable
place, to be designated by the collector, or
other chief officer of the customs, there to re-
main at the risk and expense of such owner
or consignee, until the damage, if any, shall
have been ascertained and appraised.
The fifth section provides that merchandise
entered for warehousing, and deposited in pub-
lic or bonded warehouse, may be examined by
the owner or consignee, under such general
regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury
may prescribe, to ascertain if such merchan-
dise has sustained damage during the voyage
of importation; and in respect to merchandise
sent to public warehouse by the collector, or
other chief officer of the customs, for examin-
ation and appraisement, pursuant to law, the
appraiser is to report to such collector, or
other officer, if the same has sustained damage,
and the amount thereof; and if it shall be
proved that such damage was sustained during
the voyage of importation, it shall be allowed
in the liquidation of the duties, as if applica-
tion had been made for abatement by the
owner or consignee in the manner and within
the time hereinbefore required.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. When this
bill was up for consideration on a previous
occasion I gave notice of an amendment, which
is printed in the form of two additional sec-
tions. I will merely state that they have re-
ceived the approval ofthe Treasury Department,
and the chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce has no objection to them. I now pre-
sent these sections and ask that they be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to add to the bill the following sections :
Sec 0. And be it further enacted, That no abatement
of duties lor damage shall be made in respect to the
articles of merchandise hereinafter enumerated,
namely: anchors and parts thereof, beeswax, barilla,
bells tor churches, bituminous substances in a crude *
state,bones and bone tips, brimstone.camphor, crude;
chalk, ckiy.nnwrought; cocculus Indieus.eoin.CGial,
unmanufactured; cork-tree bark, emery Rfone,Hints
and flint fctpnes, Hour, groin, grease, guns of all kinds,
horns and horn tip:*, India-i ubber in all forms, man-
ulactured or unmanufactured; iion and steel in all
lorms, manufactured or unmanufactured; ivory, un-
manufactured ; marble and stone ot all kinds, unman-
ufactured andunfitfor use unless manufactuied; mar-
row, meal, metalsof all kinds,pureor in composition,
in the crude state, or in bars, pigs, blocks, or sheets,
or old andfit only to be remanufaetured, and ores of
metals; all mineral substances in a crude state, nux
vomica, natron, ochres and oehry earths, when dry;
oil, paving stones, pitch, plaster ol Paris, unground ;
pumice stone, rosin, sal ammoniac., spirituuu^ liquors,
sponge, tallow, tar, crude; teeth of nniinals, wine,
wood of all kinds, unmanufaetuied, including dye-
woods in the stick, and Umber and lumber of all
kinds, split, sawed, or hewed.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That no abatement
ol duties lor damage, except irom breakage, shall
be made m respect to the following-named article®
namely : busts, casts, statues, and ornaments of plas-
ter; castings oi iron and iron vessels; china, porce-
lain, stone, and earthen ware, composed wholly of
earthy or miners substances; prlass, friassware, ;md
ait articles made wholly ol glass; liquids of all lunds
