1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL frLORE.
4269
Mr. HOWE. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Tlie Sen-
ator from Indiana moves that tlie Senate take
a recess to-day from five o'clock to half past
seven o'clock p. m., for the purpose of con-
sidering this evening Senate bill No. 622.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senate will allow
me, I wish to suggest that I think the first thing
we ought to do is to go into executive session
and dispose of the executive business as far
as we can do so, if we wish to avoid being
called together again after Congress has ad-
journed for the purpose of attending to execu-
tive business. We know that there are a great
number of matters undisposed of in executive
session and that may be disposed of in such
a way as to require further action. There is a
large mass of executive business pending, and
we all know that it must be disposed of in
some way before the final adjournment. If
we do not dispose of the bulk of it very soon
the result must necessarily be, as it seems to
me, that the Senate will be- obliged to stay
here after the adjournment of Congress. I
think, as all the bills which are absolutely
necessary for carrying on the Government are
either through or in their last stages, we can
fix an early day for adjournment; and the first
thing we should do, as I remarked before, is
to attend to the executive business, and put it
in such a train that it may be finished up.
With regard to these other matters that are
before the Senate they are of a different char-
acter, and we may dispose of such of them as
can be disposed of after we attend to the exec-
utive business. I do not feel disposed to inter-
pose in this discussion and move an executive
session ; but it was my design at two o'clock
to-day, unless there should be very good reason
to the contrary, to move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. I only do so because, if I may be allowed
to speak from the experience which I have
had in this body, I think the resultof delaying
action on the executive business will be to pro-
tract the time that the Senate will be obliged
to remain here to a period that will be disagree-
able to us all. I mention now my intention
to move an executive session at two o'clock so
as to give fair notice.
Mr. CONNESS. I have only to say to the
Senator from Maine that I am as anxious as
he to do the executive business, and I believe
that %vill be promoted by getting a few of the
pending bills out of the way.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They can be got out
of the way after we fix the day of adjournment,
which I think we ought to do.
Mr. CONNESS. I will say in addition to
the Senator, and to the Senate, that we passed
a very important joint resolution this morning.
Mr. SHERMAN. A concurrent resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That does not require
the signature of the President, and there is
nothing now, I understand, to delay us more
thau two or three days. I think we can ad-
journ on Thursday or Friday with ease if we
will give our attention to business and take up
first that which requires to be first attended to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I think this is a very
proper time for me to say that the Committee
on Pensions will want two hours or two hours
and a half for the passage of the pension bills
on the Calendar. They are about one third of
all the bills that are there, but they can be got
through with, I think, in that time. I should
also say in reference to the bill lately pending,
lest my silence should be construed to give
assent to some remarks which have been made,
that I have several amendments to offer to the
bridge bill, let it pass in what shape it may. I
also want to say that while I was speaking on
Saturday the report about which so much has
been said was laid on our tables, and this bill
is not in accordance with the letter of General
Warren contained in the report, and it has not
the sanction, as to those questions that are
contested, of the report of the committee.
Mr. MORTON. Is this in order? If this
debate is in order I wish to be heard.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I am stating what I
am going to do about the bill to which this
motion relates.
Mr. MORTON. That is not material.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion for a recess.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I have a right to show
my reasons. Have I not a right to go on?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Certainly,
it is debatable.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I was about through.
I only desire to say that as the letter of Gen-
eral Warren has been alluded to as giving
sanction to this bill I want the opportunity to
show the contrary.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. The Sen-
ator from Indiana moves that at five o'clock
the Senate take a recess until half past seven,
for the purpose of considering Senate bill No.
622 this evening.
Mr. SUMNER. Before that vote is taken,
I would make an appeal in the same direction
with that made by the Senator from Maine. I
am anxious that we should have an executive
session. It is well known to the Senate that
there are important matters there, some of
which are already under discussion, which ought
to be brought to a vote. How they may be
determined remains to be seen. Suffice it to
say they ought to be brought to a vote, and any
pending discussion should have its natural
course. That can be only by our going into
executive session. I hope the Senate will
kindly bear that in mind. I do not wish to
press such a motion in any adverse way against
other pending propositions; but I do most
earnestly suggest to the Senate that at an early
moment they should take such a motion into
consideration.
Tlie PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Indiana.
The motion was agreed to—ayes twenty-nine,
noes not counted.
MRS. GENERAL IUCIIAKDSOM.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The un-
finished business of yesterday is a bill granting
a pension to the widow of General Richardson.
Mr. WILSON. I do not believe that will
take five minutes, and we may as well pass it
now.
Mr. THAYER. When I made the motion
last evening to take up that bill, it did not occur
to me that the bill for the protection of natu-
ralized citizens abroad was the regular order-.
I do not wish to antagonize it against that;
but there is an understanding between the Sen-
ator from California and myself which is satis-
factory to him.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That being
the case, the unfinished business is House bill
No. 708, concerning the rights of American cit-
izens in foreign States.
Mr. CONNESS. I consent to have that lie
over informally, and proceed with the bill for
the relief of Mrs. Richardson.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Nebraska asks that the unfinished
business be passed over informally for the pur-
pose of considering the bill (H. R. No. 1337)
granting an increase of pension to Frances T.
Richardson, widow of the late Major General
Israel B. Richardson.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of theWhole, resumed the considera-
tion of the bill (H. R. No. 1337) granting an
increase of pension to Frances T. Richardson,
widow of the late Major General Israel B. Rich-
ardson.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to have the bill
amended so as not to relate back, so that the
increase of pension may take effect from the
date of the passage of the bill.
Mr. THAYER. This is a House bill, and it
is placing this widow on the same footing with
several others in like cases. This amount of
pension has been granted to Mrs. Baker, widow
of General Baker, who was really only a colonel
when he was killed, to the widow of General
Whipple, and to the widow of General Berry.
The House of Representatives propose to place
this case on the same footing with those, mak-
ing the pension date at the same time. I hope
the bill will be passed without any amendment.
ThePRESIDENTprotempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Iowa will be re-
ported.
The Chief Clekk. It is proposed to amend
the bill by striking out, commencing in the
seventh line, the words "3d day of Novem-
ber, 18G2, on which day General Richardson
died from wounds received in the battle of
Antietam on the 17th day of September,
1862," and in lieu thereof to insert " date of
the passage of this act."
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I should like to ask
who reported that bill?
Mr. THAYER. It was reported unani-
mously from the Senate Military Committee.
I desire to say that General Richardson was
one of the most promising officers in the Army,
and had he lived he would undoubtedly have
been among the first in the Army to-day. I
think this is a very slight recognition of his
services, and he is lost to his widow and child.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask for the yeas and nays
on ray amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 8, nays 34 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Harlan, MeCreery, Morrill ofVer-
mont, Pomcroy, Van Winkle, Vickers, Whyte, and
Williams—8.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott. Chandler, Cole, Conkling,
Conness, Corbett, Cragin, Doolittle, Ferry, Harris,
Howard, Kellogg, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Mor-
ton, Norton, Nye,Patterson of New Hampshire, Pool,
Ramsey, Rice, lioss, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart,
Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, Wade, Welch,
Willey. Wilson, and Yates—34.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buckalew,
Cameron, Cattell, Davis, Dixon, Drake, Edmunds,
Fessenden, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Grriuies, Hender-
son, Hendricks, Howe, McDonald, Osborn, Patter-
son of Tennessee, and Saulsbury—20.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. _ This is one of a class
of cases in regard to which several bills have
been referred to the Pension Committee, and
they have for the last two years uniformly
reported against them, for the reason that they
ask of Congress to give to the parties inter-
ested in the bills a pension larger than is
allowed by law. They are confined mostly to
the superior officers of the Army and Navy ;
and the Pension Committee have not felt it
within their province to make new law; nor
if the service were ever so exemplary have they
felt that the means of information were within
their power to determine that question. Lat-
terly, at the request of those interested, several
of these bills have been reported from the
Pension Committee with a request to be dis-
charged from their further consideration, and
that they be referred to the Military Commit-
tee. That has been done, and I presume this
is the first of the installment.
I call the Senate's attention to the fact that
yesterday the chairman of the Military Com-
mittee offered an amendment to the bill then
under discussion, the general pension bill, pro-
posing to put all the eases of general officers
and their widows on the same footing. That
is to raise the rate of pension from thirty dol-
lars, which is the highest for a lieutenant colo-
nel and upward, in the case of a colonel five
to thirty-five dollars ; in the case of a briga-
dier general to forty dollars; and in the case
of a major general to fifty dollars a month. I
am willing to concede that the services of our
generals, and especially of those who were
killed in battle, were as meritorious as any one
can claim for them ; and no doubt the poor
bereaved widow may consider that she has some
special claim on the Government because she
has lost her husband, and she may suppose
that his exertions were greater than those of
any one else. If it had been the pleasure of
the Senate and of the other House to pass a
bill increasing the pensions of thewidows of
general officers, I should have acquiesced, and
such bills would have been attended to in the
Pension Committee ; but after the refnsa.1 of
the Senate to do that yesterday, I must object
to making fish of one and fowl of another. I
must object to picking out the widows of par-
