1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3245
in bottles; roofing and paving slates and tiles, and
manufactures of stone of all kinds; precious stones
and imitations thereof; and no abatement of duties
shall be made tor stains or injury to casks containing
liquids, nor for damage of molasses by souring, nor
shall there be in any event an average allowance for
damage.
Mr. SHERMA N. My attention has not been
called to this bill before. It seems to me that
it is a part of the tariff system, and ought to go
to the Finance Committee in connection with
the tariff. It is a bill to provide for an abate-
ment of duties, to modify the law in regard to
duties. The provisions in regard to the abate-
ment of duties are all under the tariff law. 1
do not know to what extent this bill changes
the tariff' law.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I agree with
the Senator from Ohio that the original bill
ought to have been sent to the Committee on
Finance ; but it not having been sent there,and
having been considered by the Committee on
Commerce, I saw no other way to propose any
amendment but by offering it to this bill. I
understand the original bill has received the
approval of the Department, but it ought not
to pass without this amendment, because it
changes our laws in relation to damages. The
amendment which I have proposed will leave
the law very much as it now is, with the addi-
tion of a few articles more upon which no dam-
age is to be allowed ; and it is in harmony with
the practice of other nations.
Mr. SHERMAN. This bill relates to the
tariff, and is really a part of the revenue sys-
tem. I move that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance ; and I will state to the
Senator from Michigan that, if I find it satis-
factory, I will return it to his charge as soon
as 1 can examine it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have no objection to
its taking that course.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Ohio moves that the bill and amend-
ments be referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
The motion was agreed to.
REGISTERING OF VESSELS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to proceed
to the consideration of Senate bill No. 505.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 505) to amend section five of an act entitled
"An act concerning the registering and record-
ing of ships or vessels," approved December
31, 1792, was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to repeal section five
of an act entitled "An act concerning the regis-
tering and recording of ships or vessels,"
approved December 81, 1792.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
BRIO HIGHLAND MARY.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate joint
resolution No. 113.
The motioH was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 113) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to issue an American
register to the British-built brig Highland Mary
was read the second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to
issue an American register to the British-built
brig Highland Mary, owned by H. and S.
French, of Sag Harbor, New York.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
BARK AUG. GUARDIEN.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
joint resolution No. 8G.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 80) authorizing the Sec-
retary ol' the Treasury to issue an American
register to the bark Aug. Guardien was read
the second time, and considered as in Com-
mitlee of the Whole. It proposes to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to: issue an
American register to the bark Aug. Guardien,
of the port of New York, the same being a
French-built vessel, but now owned by Amer-
ican citizens.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
BARK GOLDEN FLEECE.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Sen-
ate resolution No. 109, which was reported
adversely by the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 109)
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
issue an American register to the bark Golden
Fleece.
Mr. FERRY. I desire to be informed by
the chairman of the committee what were the
facts in the case of the bark Golden Fleece,
and if there be any special reason why an
American register should not be issued?
Mr. CHANDLER. Last winter and winter
before last the Committee on Commerce, both
in the House of Representatives and in the
Senate, had numerous applications from per-
sons who had changed their flags during the
rebellion ; and after full consideration of the
subject in all its aspects, the committees
decided not to report favorably upon the appli-
cation to give an American register to any ship
that had changed her flag for safety during the
period of the war. The reasons for this decis-
ion were these: if all the vessels belonging to
our mercantile marine had changed their flags
for safety during the war it would have been
utterly impossible for the Government to have
carried on the war; they could not have
obtained transportation. During the rebellion
most of the shipping interest of the United
States obtained security by paying, 1 think my
friend from New York told me, ten per cent,
additional insurance risk. All could be in-
sured by paying ten per cent, additional risk.
These parties are loyal men, very loyal men ;
but they changed their flag, and this vessel
comes under our rule. That is all there is in
the case.
Mr. FERRY. I have nothing to say with
regard to the general rule upon the considera-
tion of this particular case, although 1 might,
if that were the subject-matter of inquiry now,
have doubts as to the expediency of that gen-
eial rule, especially in these days, when we arc
complaining that our flag is driven from the
ocean and our commerce languishing in con-
sequence of that fact. But in reference to this
particular caso I have something to say.
The principle upon which the rule has been
adopted by the committee would seem to be
that although the persons who changed their
flag might be loyal citizens yet that the act
itself was an unpatriotic act, and that there-
fore they ought not to be permitted to return
their vessels to the protection of the American
flag. Now, sir, I know the owners of the
bark Golden Fleece. The principal owner
is Mr. Thomas R. Trowbridge, of the city of
New Haven, in my State, a gentleman who
stands next to no man in my State or in New
England in his patriotic devotion and exertions
from the beginning of the war. Himself far
advanced beyond the period of military ser-
vice, scarcely had Fort Sumter fallen when he
devoted his whole energies, to mjJ certain
knowledge, to the raising of troops in the State
of Connecticut, assisting our noble Governor,
furnishing supplies out of his own private
purse; and when the conflict actually began I
have myself seen this same gentleman at the
fiont, tending to the wants of our regiments;
and 1 have no doubt that the amount contrib-
uted by liim from his own private means dur-
ing the period of the war and the results of his
personal exertions were surpassed by those of
no other citizen throughout the whole eountiy.
Now, sir, what was the fact in regard to the
bark Golden Fleece? She was on a voyase, as I
understand, laden with a valuable cargo, and the
confederate corsairs were roaming the seas right
upon her very track. The additional war risk,
if paid for by the increased insurance, would
not compensate for the loss of his vessel; his
own Government was unable to protect him;
and Vie it so that an error of judgment was
committed by this question in transferring the
vessel, for the sake of the protection of the
ship and cargo, to a foreign flag, is it right that
a citizen who has done so much as I know this
gentleman has done, (and who since the close
of the war, partly on account of his patriotic
services, the citizens of my State have again
and again offered the nomination for the Gov-
ernorship of that State and he has steadily
refused it,) is it right for an error of judg-
ment that he and his partners may have com-
mitted during the war, to continue to affix this
stigma and compel him to keep his property
afloat under the British flag? Now, 1 submit,
Senators, if the general principle be right, if
it be true that Mr. Trowbridge did commit an
error of judgment, yet, stating what I know in
regard to this gentleman, an exception ought
to be made by the Congress of the United
States in his case. Ihope that the bill will
not be indefinitely postponed, but passed.
Mr. SUMNER. I agree with the Senator
from Connecticut in the view that he has pre-
sented, and indeed I should be disposed to go
a little further and ask the Committee on
Commerce if they are disposed now, at this late
day, to adhere to the rule which they originally
adopted ? 1 do not undertake to criticise that
rule so originally adopted by them. It may
have been very proper immediately after the
close of the war, when many applications
were made. I myself was in the habit at the
time of receiving applications from ship-owners
whose interests were involved. But I venture
now to ask the committee whether that rule
has not been in force long enough ?
We are now looking about in every direction
to do away, so far as we can, with all those
rules and usages that were the growth of the
war. We have already passed a bill through
this Senate which has relieved a large number
of persons of their disabilities at the South;
and now the question that I again put to the
committee, is whether we may not properly
turn to the North and see whether there are
not parties there against whom a rule has been
enforced which is calculated to be of serious
detriment to them in their property and busi-
ness. I am not going to raise the question
whether the rule, when it was begun, was not
entirely expedient. I accepted it as such at that
time ; but I submit that at this moment, when
we are all seeking to bring about what, bor-
rowing a phrase from another time, I would
call the "era of good feeling," we may not
properly apply that sentiment to this rule ?
Nqw, unless I am mistaken, we should go
beyond this individual case and generalize.
We should open the door for the return of
these flying vessels who left us for their safety
or for the interests of their owners during the
war. Wo should let them come back m peace
and take their place once more in the mercan-
tile marine of the country. Such, I must say,
is the inclination of my judgment on this ques-
tion, stated in its most general form ; and that
brings me to this special case. Even supposing
the Senate is not disposed to adopt the more
general proposition which I suggest, we have
then the question presented on the individual
case that has been argued by the Senator from
Connecticut. It may be that the Senate "will
think it better to proceed by individual eases
rather than by an alteration of the general rule.
So be it; this individual ease conies now before
us, and, on the statement of the Senator from
Connecticut, for one 1 shall be entirely con-
tent that by the legislation of this country we
shall say to this vessel " come back."
Mr.CHANDLER. Mr. President, the Com-
mittee on Commerce had this subject a long
| time under consideration before it decided
what course it would pursue. The impression
of the committee was that to permit these ves-
sels to come back and resume their flag alter
