THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
161
The result was announced—yeas 38, nays
10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buck'alew, Cameron, Cattell,
Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Conness, Corbett, Cragin,
Drake, Edmunds, i'eiry, lessen den, Harlan, Hen-
derson, Hendricks, Howard, Howe, Johnson, Morgan,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nor-
ton, Patterson of New Hampshire, Pomeroy.Ilamsey,
lloss. Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton,
VanWinkle.Vickers, Williams, Wilson, andYates—38.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle,
Fowler, Grimes, MoCreery, Patterson of Tennessee,
Trumbull, and Willey—10.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Bayard, Frelinghuysen,
Nye, Saulsbury, Sprague, and Wado—6.
So the order, with the pending ameudment,
was laid on the table.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Gentlemen of
counsel for the President, you will proceed
with the defense.
William T. Sherman's examination con-
tinued.
By Mr. Stanbery:
Question. After the restoration of Mr. Stan-
ton to the War Office upon the vote of the
Senate, did you form an opinion as to whether
the good of the service required another man
in that office than Mr. Stanton ?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Stay a moment.
We object. Will you reduce the question to
writing?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The counsel for
the President will please reduce the question
to writing.
Mr. STANBERY. I am perfectly willing
to do so, though I can hardly be called to do
so at the request of the learned Manager. I
made a similar request to him more than once,
and it was never complied with.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The rule requires
that it be done.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I beg a thousand
pardons. Whenever it was intimated by the
Chief Justice it was done. It is not a matter
of kindness ; it is a matter of rule.
Mr. STANBERY". Mr. Chief Justice, my
impression was that that rule applied to a
question put by a Senator, not to the questions
of counsel. Otherwise we should never get
through. It is a question put by a Senator
that must be in writing. I may be mistaken,
however.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the rule.
The Secretary read Rule 15, as follows:
" XV. All motions made by the parties or their
counsel shall bo addressed to the presiding otlicer,
and if ho or any Senator shall require it, they shall
bo committed to writing and read at the Secretary's
table."
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The counscl will
please reduce their question to writing.
The question was reduccd to wr-itiiig.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the question proposed by the counsel for
I he President.
The Secretary read as follows :
Question. After the restoration of Mr. Stanton to
ofhco did you form an opinion whether the good of
theservico required a Secretary ot War other than
Mr. iStanton; and if se, did you communicate that
opinion to the President?
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. Mr. President
and Senators, we desire to state very briefly to
the Senate the ground upon which we object
to this question. It is that matters of opinion
are never admissible in judicial proceedings,
but in certain exceptional cases, cases involv-
ing professional skill, &e.; it is not necessary
that I should enumerate them. It is not to be
supposed for a moment that there is a member
ot the Senate who can entertain the opinion
that a question of the kind now presented is
competent under any possible circumstances
in any tribunal of justice. It must occur to
Senators that the ordinary tests of truth cannot
be applied to it at all; and in saying that, my
remark has no relation at all to the truthful-
ness or veracity of the witness. Thereisnoth-
ing upon which the Senate could pronounce
any judgment whatever. Are they to decide
a question upon the opinions of forty or forty
thousand men what might be for the good of
the service? The question involved here is a
violation of the laws of the land. It is a ques-
tion of fact that is to be dealt with by witnesses;
and it is a question of law and fact that is to be
dealt with by the Senate.
Now, this matter of opinion may just as
well be extended one step further, if it is to be
allowed at all. After giving his opinion of
what might be requisite to the public service,
the next thing in order would be the witness's
opinion as to the obligations of the law, the
restrictions of the law, the prohibitions of the
law. We cannot suppose that the Senate will
entertain such a question fol a moment. It
must occur to the Senate that by adopting such
a rule as this it is impossible to see the limit
of the inquiry or the end of the investigation.
If it be competent for this witness to deliver this
opinion, it is equally competent for forty thou-
sand other men in this country to deliver their
opinions to the Senate; and then, when is the
inquiry to end 1 Wo object to it as utterly
incompetent.
Mr. STANBERY. Mr. Chief Justice and
Senators, if ever there was a case involving a
question of intention, a question of conduct,
a (juestion as to acts which might be criminal or
might be indifferent according to the intent of
the party who committed them, this is one of
that class. It is upon that question of intent
(which the gentlemen know is vital to their
case, which they know as well as we know they
must make out by some proof or other) that
a great deal of their testimony has been offered,
whether successfully or not 1 leave the Senate
to determiue ; but with that view much of their
testimony has been offered and lias been in-
sisted upon. That is, it has been to show with
what intent did the Piesident remove Mr.
Stanton. They say the intent was against the
public good, in the way of usurpation, to got
possession of that War Office and drive out a
meritorious officer, and put a tool, or as they
aay in one of their statements a slave, in his
place.
Upon that question of conduct, Senators,
what now do we propose to offer to you ? That
the second officer of the Army—and we do not
propose to stop with him—that this high officer
of the Army, seeing the complication and diffi-
culty in which that office was, by the restora-
tion of Mr. Stanton to it, formed tho opinion
himself that for the good of the service Mr.
Stanton onght to go out and some one else
take the place. Who could be a better judge
of the good of the service than the distinguished
officer who is now about to speak?
But the gentlemen say what are his opinions
mere than another man's opinions, if they are
merely given as abstract opinions? We do not
intend to use them as abstract opinions. The
gentlemen did not read the whole question. It
is not merely what opinion had you, General
Sherman ; but having formed that opinion, did
you communicate it to the President, that the
good of the service required Mr. Stanton to
leave that Department; and that in your judg-
ment, acting for the good of the service, some
other man ought to be there.
This is no declaration of the President we
are upon now. This is a communication made
to him to regulate his conduct, to justify him,
indeed to call upon him to look to the good of
the service, and to be rid, if possible, in some
way of that unpleasant complication. Any
one can see there was a complication there that
must in some way or other be got rid of; for
look at what the Managers have put in evi-
dence! It appears by Air. Stanton's own
statement that from the 12th of August, 1807,
Mr. Stanton has never seen the President, has
never entered the Executive Mansion, has
never sat at that board where the President's
legal advisers, the heads of Departments, are
bound to be under the Constitution.
Will they say that the relations between him
and the President had got to that pitch that
Mr. Stanton was unwilling to go there last lie
might not be admitted? Fie never made that
attempt; but that is not all: Mr. Stanton says
deliberately on the 4th of March in his com-
munication to the House of Representatives,
when he gent tho correspondence between tho
President and "General Grant,; 'I Ijave n.ot only
not seen the President, but I have fiad pd pffi,-.
cial communication with the President since ^
the 12th of August, 1867." How.is the Arrfty
to get along with that sort of thing? How is.
the service to be benefited in that way ? Cer-
tainly it is for the benefit of the service that
the President should have there some one with
whom he can advise as to what is to be done
in regard to the Army. \
But what has the Secretary of War become.?
One of two things is inevitable: he is running
the War Department without any advice or
consultation with the President or^ie is doing
nothing. Ought that to be the position of a
Secretary of War? The President could not
get out of that difficulty. He might have got
out of it, perhaps, by humbling himself before
Mr. Stanton, by sending him a note of apology
that he had ever suspended him. By humbling
himself to his subordinate it might have been
that Mr. Stanton would have forgiven Mm,,
Would you ask him to do that, Senators?
Now, when you are looking to motives,
when you consider the provocations that the
President has had, when beyond that you see
the necessities of the public service placed in
that situation that no longer can there be any
communication between the Secretary of War
and the President, is it tit that the public
servicc should be carried on in that way, just
to enable tho Secretary of War to hold on to
his office and become a mere locum iencnsf
Then, when you are considering the conduct,
the intentions, and the matter that is in the
mind of the President to get rid of Stanton—■
undoubtedly he had that matter in his mind—
when you find that he has been advised, not
only as we propose to prove, by General Sher-
man himself, that the good of the service
required that that difficulty should bo ended,
but that General Sherman, as I shall under-
take to prove, communicated also the opinion
of General Grant to the very same point, and
when, as I tell you, wo shall follow it up by
the agreement of these two distinguished gen-
erals to go to Mr. Stanton and to toll him
that, for the good of the service, he ought to
resign, as he had intimated when the Presi-
dent first suspended him that he would resign,
the Senate being here to take care that the
President get no improper man there—now,
when you are trying the President for his in-
tentions, whether he acted in good faith or bad
faith, Senators, will you shut out from him the
advice that lie received from these two dis-
tinguished officers, and will you allow the
Managers still to say that he acted without
advice, that he acted for the very purpose of
removing a faithful officer and getting in his
place some tool or slave of his? When it was
said to him that there should be a change for
the benefit of the service, can you not extend
to him bo much charity as to believe that he
would lie impressed by the opinions of these
two distinguished generals? They say they
did not intend to make themselves parties to
the controversy, but they saw, as things stood
there, that either the President must go out or
Mr. Stanton. That was the character of it.
It is with this view that we offer this testi-
mony, and I trust this is not to be ruled out.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Mr. President,
Senators, I foresaw if we did not remain long
enough in session, which the late hour of the
night on Saturday warned us not to do, to fin-
ish this witness, so that only the usual rule of
recalling would be enforced, that the struggle
would be renewed again in some form to-day
to get in the declarations of the President or
declarations to the President; and now the
proposition is to ask General Sherman whether
lie did not form an opinion that it was neces-
sary that Mr. Stantou should be removed.
Mr. STANBERY. I did not say - 'remove."
Mr. Manager BUTLER, (to the Secretary.)
Allow me to have the question. I believe I am
correct. [Obtainingthe question.] Whatisit?
Whether the good of the service required a See-,
rotary of War other than Mr. Stanton, and if so did
you not communicate Ui&fc opinion to. the President
