1198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
in Tennessee, in regard to whom the Chair
knows nothing.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understand that the
gentleman of whom he speaks is an applicant
for a seat in this House, and that he acts with
this side of the House.
Mr. BLAINE. I did not withdraw the word
as a question of order. I should have told the
gentleman from Wisconsin that he had made
no jDoint of order. As a question of taste I
confess that I transgressed, and as a question
of taste I change the word,
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I accept the apology.
[Laughter.] 1 ■ r,
Mr. BLAINE. As a matter of taste I have
made the change.
The SPEAKERi The gentleman referred
to is not a member of the House, and therefore
the Chair overrules the point of order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman has made
an apology which is entirely satisfactory.
Mr. BLAINE. It is a question of taste for
myself, and not for the gentleman from Wis-
consin. It was in bad taste, as it always is, to
use offensive political epithets in debate here.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Well, I say the same
thing.
Mr. BLAINE. To resume the line of my
argument. I am unwilling, I say, to lay down
a precedent affecting the other side of the
House that I would not be willing to follow for
this side of the House. I do not proppse to
mote out justice to gentlemen on the other side
that I am not willing to have commended to
my own lips over here. And it does f'fem to
me that it is a most extraordinary proposition—
and I say it with all due respeet to the admira-
ble arguments that have been made on that
side—the most extraordinary proposition that I
ever knew advanced here in an election ease,
that the House should deliberately declare that
a man who has a pitiful minority of the votes
in the district shall be declared here entitled
to the seat'.'
[Here the hammer fell. ]
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Paine] wants unanimous consent
to make a personal explanation. I have no
objection if it does not come out of my hour.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hate no
objection to the gentleman making his expla-
nation; but I object to his taking anything
beyond the hour to do it in.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made to
the gentleman from Wisconsin, the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] will proceed.
Mr. BLAINE. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to yield me one minute more.
Mr. DAWES. Very well.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to say that this
question of loyalty, which it is now assumed'is
so distinctive a ground of eligibility, was de-
cided in the Committee of Elections by a vote
of only five to four; and they had to send to
a sick member in Ohio to get the fifth vote, by
which Mr. Brown was excluded. This con-
clusively proves that the disloyalty was not of
that patent, notorious character which was
presumed to be known by all the voters of the
second district of Kentucky.
Mr. PETERS. That, I take it, is a reason
why Mr. Brown should have been let in here;
not" why Mr. Smith should be kept out.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Washbiirxe] will withdraw his
objection to the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Paixe] having five minutes for a per-
sonal explanation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will not
object to the gentleman having five minutes.
personal explanation'.
Mr. PAINE. I hold in my hand a copy of
the New York Tribune of yesterday, contain-
ing a communication, dated the 13th instant,
from this eity. The communication purports
to contain a statement of facts which occurred
during the session of the Committee on Re-
construction. I send to the Clerk's desk and
ask to have read the portion which I have
marked.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Before the vote was taken Mr. Paixe, who voted
for impeachment last year, attempted to dodge the
question in committee, and moved toward the door
to leave tho room. Mr. Stevens, observing his
movements, said, shaking his finger at him, ' Paine,
come back; you havo got to face the music. Go on
either the one side or the other.' Paine hesitated,
and then Stevexs said,' Clerk, put him down against
impeachment,' and Mr. Paixe was so registered."
Mr. PAINE. Now, Mr. Speaker, of course
I have no knowledge as to the source of the
information obtained by the writer of that
communication. But it so happens that every
single statement purporting to be a statement
of l'act, relating to my conduct in that com-
mittee, is without the slightest shadow of
foundation in fact. There is not even a scin-
tilla of truth in any one of those statements;
every one of them is incorrect.
I did not attempt to dodge the question. It
is, perhaps, improper for me to state h§re
what I said or did there. But I can assure
the House that I went very wide of any attempt
to dodge the question. 1 did not "move to-
ward the door to leave the room." Mr. Stevens
did not shake his finger at me, and say, " Paine,
come back." He did not say to me, "You
have got to face the music." He did not say
tome, "Go on either the one side or the other."
Paine did not hesitate, and Stevens did not
say, "Clerk, put him down against impeach-
ment."
No one of these things happened, nor anyr
thing which in the remotest degree resembled
any of them. There is not only no truth in
them, but they are not allied to fact. There
is nothing upon which to found any such state-
ments. My friend from Massachusetts [Mr.
Boutwell] was present. I ask him to state
his recollection of what took place.
Mr. DAWES. That is not at all necessary.
Several Members. No need for that.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does the gentleman
know what source of authority there was for
any such statement in regard to him?
Mr. BINGHAM. Nobody knows or cares.
Mr. PAINE. I do not know.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Does tho article
give the authority for the statements'!
Mr. PAINE. Not that I know; I have not
read the entire communication.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to say, from what
my colleague [Mr. Paine] stales, that these
statements in regard to him are lies.
ELECTION CONTEST SMITH VS. BROWN.
The House resumed the consideration of the
resolutions reported from the Committee of
Elections in relation to the election in the sec-
ond congressional district of Kentucky, upon
which Mr. Dawes was entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAWES. I now yield a moment to the
gentleman frojn Illinois, [Mr. Baker.]
Mr. BAKER. Mr. Speaker, the question
appears to me to come substantially to this:
1. It appears to me to be error to assume,
in this case, that the voters knew Mr. Brown
was not eligible, for the reason that the question
of his eligibility, as raised here, was a mixed
one of fact and law, and of such a nature as
not to be prejudged ex parte and conclusively
upon the voter—each man for himself—but to
be determined by this House upon full hearing
—a determination that has just now been made
by the House.
2. We are invited in this case to accept the
ugly fact of a Representative without a con-
stituency, such as is contemplated by the dem-
ocratic principle of government, a majority of
0,100 competent votes—competent so far as we
have any proof to tho contrary—having been
cast against Mr. Smith. I must, therefore,
certainly vote no on tho question of his admis-
sion.
Mr. DAWES. I now yield the remainder
of mv time to the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Poland.]
Mr. POLAND. I yield three minutes to the
gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr. Ben-
ton.]
Mr. BENTON. Mr. Speaker. I desire briefly
to explain the reasons which shall influence my
vote on this question.
It has been said here by the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Blaine] that if weallowthe claim
of Mr. Smith to a seat such action on the part
of the House would be equivalent to setting a
trap for tho purpose of catching voters una-
wares. I do not think, Mr. Speaker, that the
charge can be made against this or any former
Congress of setting traps in which to catch
rebels. A former Congress enacted a law de-
claring that every individual who deserted the
Hag of his country and went to a foreign coun-
try to avoid military service forfeited thereby
his right to vote. But Congress omitted to
enact the more just and necessary provision
that the man who deserted the flag _ of his
country, rallied to the flag of its enemies and
fought against his Government, should be dis-
franchised. If such a provision, as just as the
laws of Heaven, had been enacted, we should
not have been in the dilemma in which we are
to-day. For is there a gentleman on this floor
who entertains any doubt in his own mind that
a majority of those who cast their votes for
Mr. Brown were disloyal to the flag of the
country—that they were rebels in sympathy ?
I question, Mr. Speaker, whether a majority
of those voters did not actually enlist and
serve in the rebel army. Hence I regard the
question of notice which has been raised in
this case as a merely technical question. Does
any gentleman on this floor doubt that the men
who voted for Mr. Brown knew as well what
his sympathies and his sentiments were as any
man here who has derived his information from
the investigation and report of the committee
in this case? We have obtained our evidence
from the same sources of information that
were possessed by the people of that district,
and on this evidence we have decided that Mr.
Brown was inelegible to the office for which he
was supported. Sir, believing as I do that
those who voted for Mr. Brown knew the char-
acter of their candidate, I regard this objec-
tion with reference to notice as a merely
technical one ; and I can see no other logical
conclusion than to admit Mr. Smith to the seat
which he claims.
Mr. POLAND. I had not expected, Mr.
Speaker, to mingle at all in this debate. I do
so at the request of the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Elections, of which lam a member.
My purpose in what I shall say is to treat the
question purely as a question of law, for as
such I regard it. I do not propose to enter at
all into the history of the rebellion ; I do not
propose to consider how many men were killed
upon the one side or upon the other. All that
has been said upon that subject, although very
well in itself and very beautifully said, may be
disposed of by the single observation that it
has nothing whatever to do with the question
which the House is now called upon to decide.
My friend from New Hampshire [Mr. Den-
ton] who has just spoken has a very easv way
of solving this question. He says it is a fair pre-
sumption that every man who voted for Mr.
Brown (who, though he received a majority of
the votes, was yesterday declared by a large
vote of this House to be not entitled to a seat)
was a rebel in sympathy, served probably in
the rebel army, and was not entitled to vote
for anybody. This is a very good theory. The
only difficulty in reference to it is that there
has not been produced a particle of evidence
that such was the fact.
Mr. BENTON. Is not the evidence before
the country?
_ Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, we try elec-
tion cases^upon the proof that is introduced.
Besides, sir, in reference to the citizens of this
particular district, I am not aware of any such
proof before the country. Indeed, within the
last five minutes, it has been stated to me by
one of the Representatives upon this floor that
more than five thousand men from that very
i congressional district were in the Union Army.
Mr. DAWES. Seven thousand.
Mr. POLAND. Whether that statement be
true or not, I apprehend that no such violent
