3246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
the termination of the war would be in all
future wars offering a premium to those who
should desert the flag. It was not only the ten
per cent, whiuli was a tax upon our commerce,
but the insurance upon the cargoes was like-
wise ten per cent, additional. Consequently
our vessels during the -whole four years of war
were compelled to do business at that loss over
all vessels that changed their flag. Why should
we take back a vessel th&t enjoyed this immu-
nity for four years, I may say unpatriotically,
although 1 would not apply that remark to this
case, for my impressiou is that the owners of
this vessel, had they been with the ship, would
not have changed the flag. Mr. Trowbridge
is as patriotic as my friend from Connecticut
asserts; no man more so. The Committee on
Commerce, in view of all the circumstances,
were willing to make an exception of his case,
and during the last Congress we reported a bill
for his vessel, which was passed and sent to the
other House, but the House refused to concur
in it. We were willing to make an exception
of the owner of this ship on account of his
loyalty and devotion to his country. But, sir,
the committee did not think—atleast they have
not yet arrived at the conclusion—that the rule
ought to be changed. The matter is in the
hands of the Senate. I have not the slightest
objection to the Senate passing this bill, if they
choose to do so, inasmuch as Xonce advocated
it myself; but 1 ain still satisfied that the gen-
eral rule adopted by the committee was a cor-
rect one, and that it should be enforced. Let
it be understood in all future time that the man
who changes his flag during a war has changed
it forever. We could not have carried on the
war if our ship-owners generally had pursued
this course. We had something like a thou-
sand transports at one time engaged by the
Government carrying supplies, if our ships
had all changed their flags, where should we
have found this transportation? It is perfectly
evident that if their owners had done as these
owners did our war would have failed l'or want
of transportation. While I insist upon the
general rule, I am not streuuous about its
application to this case.
Mr. FESS15NDI3N. It strikes me that this
is a very simple question. I do not know what
the circumstances of this particular ease are,
for I have not heard them stated. 1 infer,
however, from what has been said by the Sen-
ator from Michigan, that the flag was not in
this case changed by the direction of the own-
ers, but by direction of the master, the owners
not being aware of it.
Mr. CHANDLER. It was acquiesced in
by the owners during the war, after it was
done.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then the ease does not
differ at all from any other case where the
change was made originally by direction of the
owner if he acceded to it and availed himself
of the benelits that accrued. It strikes me
that the question is a very simple one ; and it
is, whether a man engaged as one of our people
in our great contest should be permitted during
the pendency of that contest to withdraw his
property to his own particular benefit from the
risk which others assumed in consequence of
the war, and thereby put money into his uwn
pocket, and during the war derived all the bene-
fits from that course of action which he expected
to derive from it, and then when the war is over
justcotue back again upon an equal footing with
those who exposed their property, and did not
slit-ink or skulk from the dangers properly
appertaining to their position. I cannot con-
ceive that the question presents itself in any
other light.
I unite with the sentiments which have been
advanced by the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Sumxer] as to the importance
of kindness and conciliation, and an endeavor
to !o away with the asperities that have grown
up during the war. i am very glad to hear
him express these sentiments; but it strikes
me that it is a very singular application of them
to apply them in the first instance to owners
of property belonging to men who were of our-
selves, and being of ourselves chose to avail
themselves of that position among ourselves
to escape partially from the risks and dangers
which others ran, to withdraw themselves or
their property by a change of flag,_ by con-
cealment of a fact, by so far just putting them-
selves outside of their country for the sake of
gain or to escape loss, and then claim to come
back again on an equal footing with those, and
perhaps to the injury of those, who did not
resort to that course of action.
In consequence of the withdrawa-l of such
large amounts of shipping during the war other
people put their property into that description
of business, and any one can see that the intro-
duction of foreign shipping largely into our
commerce must affect their inteiests to a very
considerable degree. It has been against the
policy of this country always to nationalize
shinping not built by ourselves. It is only
done under very peculiar circumstances; gen-
erally in cases of wreck, where the amount of
repairs put upon a vessel exceeds the original
cost, and those repairs are made in this coun-
try. if that is the policy of the nation, is it
right so far to controvert it, so far to act against
it, as to introduce this large quantity of ship-
ping at once among ourselves, when the owners
have chosen in a time of national peril to
denationalize it? Sir, I am for letting them
take the consequences of their own act; at any
rate I am not disposed to pass laws here in
Congress for the mere purpose of giving addi-
tional value to property which the owners of
that property chose voluntarily to withdraw
from the protection of our flag. I see no jus-
tice in it, and no propriety in it, and therefore.
I shall vote against the bill.
Mr. FBliliY". A few words in reply to the
Senator from Maine. The Government of the
United States has a duty to its mercantile
marine and its ship-owners as well as they have
a duty reciprocally to the Government of the
United States. The Senator complains that
the bill legislates to bring back under our flag
those who have voluntarily renounced the pro-
tection of that flag. That is a begging of the
whole question, for the very difficulty was that
at this time the Government of the United
States utterly faded in the performance of its
first duty, peihaps from no fault of its, prob-
ably owing to its misfortune. The Govern-
ment failing in the protection yhieh it was
bound to afford to the owners of the mercan-
tile marine of the country, many of them
resorted to the protection of other flags. While
I do not excuse entirely those who sought the
protection which their own Government did
not afford from a foreign flag, I do say that
now when the complaint is universal—and I
have heard it on the floor of the Senate from
the Senator from Maine—that our flag is ban-
ished from the ocean ; now, when loyal Ameri-
can citizens who, not being able to obtain from
their own Government during that period the
protection which it was its duty to bestow upon
them, from error of judgment, perhaps, sought
that protection abroad, desire to come back
and build up again our mercantile marine by
the addition of I do not know how many more
vessels to that marine, that we should con-
tinue, according to the Senator's argument,
forever to ostracize these loyal citizens of the
Republic, seems to me to be bad in principle
and bad in policy. It may well be that a Sen-
ator from the State of Maine, upholding most
firmly always upon this floor the policy which
he has just enunciated as the policy of the
Government in regard to nationalizing any
foreign-built vessels, might be glad to extend
the operation of the same rule to those vessels
which were compelled to seek protection under
a foreign flag.
1 did not intend in the commencement of
this discussion to go at all into the general
inquiry as to the policy of the rule adopted by
the Committee on Commerce, but 1 directed
my argument mainly to this special case, where
a vessel being on a voyage across whose track
came the confederate pirates the master, with
the responsibility of tho vessel and cargo upon
him, unable to find protection from his own
Government, sought temporary protection un-
der a foreign flag, seeking, as it was ins duty
to do, the interest of the owners, and' subse-
quently those owners acquiesced m the action
at the very time when, to my certain knowl-
edge, the principal owner of this vessel at any
rate was engaged in pouring out his treasure
as freely as water for the purpose or filling up
our regiments and sustaining our troops m the
field ; and you say that these men for the error,
if it be an error, committed then, shall be tor-
ever stigmatized by adverse votes of Congress
upon an application of this kind, as during
that very war having been unpatriotic ana
quasi disloyal to their country.
I agree with the general principle enunciated
by the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sum-
nek,] that it is time to put an end to these
things on both sides, North and South. 1
think it is time to bring back harmonious
feelings and the old fraternal relations it we
can do so without endangering the interests
and the future welfare of the country. 1 can-
not see any danger from an operation of this
kind; but 1 can see danger where such men as
I know the owners of this vessel to be are
kept perpetually stigmatized by the action of
Congress and turned out of its doors when they
come here, asking simply to increase the mer-
cantile marine of the country by a vessel that
is now under a foreign Hag, and refuse because
of an error which they may have made two or
three years ago.
Mr. CHAlNOTjER. I send to the desk the
petition of the owners of this vessel, and ask
that it be read as it sets forth their own case
fully.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
To the Honorable the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States in Congress assembled :
Tho undesigned, merchants of New Haven, Con-
necticut, and loyal citizens of the United States,
respectfully represent that for a peuodof more than
fifty years their house have been engaged m iorcigu
commercc ; that dunn& the £ieatreb'jliion they Were
owners and employers of many ve.-si.ls m their own
trade; thatinlStii they contracted ior the building
of a fmo baik.ior their business, at a large expense,
namely, for about thirty thousand dollars; that m
the autumn of 1863, when tho vessel was completed
and leady for sea, the rebel cruisers were making
such havoc with United Status ".easels that >our peti-
tioners having nearly their whole fortunes exposed
to capture by the lebels—and as this bark with her
cargo would amount to fully £>50,000 additional—
thought it prudent to avail oi an opportunity to seek
protection by selling the vessel to a iriend who was
a .British subject, and taking a mortgage on the said
vessel they accordingly sold the veasei, calling her
the (rolden l^loece, and thus she passed under the
Kngh^h flag, but has never passed out of the actual
owueiship of your petiUoneis. They now wish to
havothcbaid vessel returned to the American ilag,
and in accordance therewith humbly petition that an
American register be granted to the said bark Golden
X1leece formerly of New Haven.
^ TT IX. TKOWBRIDGE'S SONS,
rs ew Haven, February 1-4, 18v)s.
Mr. FHSSENDEN. That makes a worse
case than I supposed. It seems now that at
the time the vessel was being built the owners
deliberately came to the conclusion that they
would put her under a foreign ilag. and for
that purpose made a sham sale. So it seems
they are solely responsible for it, and it was
deliberately done, i do not see how their ease
differs in the slightest possible degree from a
j great many other eases where the same thing
! was done in precisely the same way.
, rius vessel was built early in the war, when
the building ol vessels was comparatively
cheap. At this time, in consequence of the
war itsell, the cost of building vessels has
almost doubled. Now, if you choose to bring
back all these vessels thus sold—and they are
quite numerous—you bring into our commerce
to compete with vessels that were not thus sold
I and vessels built at the present time at double
| the cost vebsels that have not cost more than
half as much, and thus affect their interests
! the interests of ship building generally,
j Mr. CHANDLER. Ihe Senator will per-
i mit me to state that there were leu huuured.
hand seventy-six vessels in all that either
j; changed their Hag or were destroyed—u very
II iar&re linrnhpr J
11 large number.
II Mr. FESSBNDEN.
I call that a very large
