4270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
tioular officers in order that this increase of
pension may be given them. I think it is un-
just; it will crowd the Calendar with similar
applications from others; and I would much
prefer to see the amendment offered by the
Senator from Massachusetts substituted for this
bill than to vote for the bill as it stands.
The Pension Committee took occasion in a
written report to explain their reasons pre;t.y
much as I have done now, for their action in
the premises. That report was in the hurry
not read to the Senate. I have thought it,
therefore, due to the committee to state their
reasons for this refusal. They do not believe
that it was ever intended that they should make
law. Their duty is and their wish is to see that
every person to whom the laws intend to give
a pension gets it and shall not be deprived of
it by technical decisions of the Pension Office
or any other outside consideration. But to
take up the cases of the widows of general offi-
cers in detail, and to give to some pensions
larger than the law allows, when many are con-
tent with the pension the law lias given thera.
it appears to me is an injustice on its face, and
I would rather it should not be done.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, I wish to say
a word in relation to this bill and the one which
follows it that is reported by the same commit-
tee, and which I hope will be taken up as soon
as this is disposed of. T have given this sub-
ject some attention. It appears that this legis-
lation commenced by giving widows of gen-
erals who were killed on the battle-iield an in-
crease of pension of twenty dollars a month,
raising their pensions from thirty to fifty dol-
lars ; and you will now find on the statute-book
thirteen cases which have already been pro-
vided for. This increase of pension has been
given in thirteen cases, and there are now but
two or three unprovided for. The widow of
General Richardson and of General Wallace,
whose case comes up in the next bill, are, 1
believe, the only widows of generals who were
killed in actual battle now unprovided for.
When we shall have passed these bills, we
shall only have put them on "equality with wid-
ows of other generals who died in battle. This
is the end of these appropi-iations ; this equal-
izes them ; and there certainly can be no ob-
jection to that. There can be no objection,
surely, to allowing this increased pension to
date from the time the officer fell on the battle-
field, instead of from the passage of the act.
That has been settled in several cases.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
fourteenth constitutional amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a telegraphic dispatch from Gov-
ernor Bullock, of Georgia, announcing the rati-
fication of the fourteenth amendment and of
the fundamental conditions prescribed by Con-
gress by the Legislature of Georgia.
message from tiij5 house.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk,
announcing that the House had agreed to the
concurrent resolution of the Senate, declaring
the ratification of the fourteenth amendment
of the Constitution of the United States.
miss. general wallace.
^Mr. YATES. I have had a consultation
with the Sen&or from California, and I desire,
with his consent, to have the Senate act on the
bill for the relief of General Wallace's widow.
I think it will lead to no debate. It involves
the same principle as the bill just passed, and
it has been reported bv the Military Committee.
I hope the Senate will allow it to pass.
No objection being made, the bill (H. R.
No. 1227) granting a pension to Martha Ann
Wallace was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to direct the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to place on the pension-
foll the name of Mai'Uia Ann Wallace, widow
of the iate Brigadier {Jeneral W. H. L. Wal-
lace, fit the rate of fifty tkoJi'ars per month, from
the 10th day of April, 1862, and to discontinue
the pension heretofore allowed her under gen-
eral law.
Mr. CAMERON. I am opposed to the pas-
sage of this bill. It. is the beginning of a great
addition to our pension-list.
Mr. CONNESS. That has been settled in
the other bill just passed.
Mr. CAMERON. I was not in when that
was passed, and I desire to oppose the prin-
ciple now. We shall have at least four hundred
such cases if we pass this bill. Six have al-
ready been passed, having got through Con-
gress by inattention or something of that kind.
The pension laws already provide thirty dol-
lars a month for the widow of every officer
above the rank of major. It is now proposed
to give an increase of pension on the pretext
that the officers died on the battle-field. The
same reason will apply, as I am informed on
the best authority, to at least four hundred
more cases, or perhaps eight hundred, if you
include all the colonels and majors. This case
ought not to be passed on by itself. There
ought to be a general law on the subject of pen-
sions. If we are going to increase the pen-
sions of a few widows, why not give the in-
crease to all in like position? Just now, I
understand you passed a similar bill, while I
was out, for a lady who is now receiving $900
a year from the Government. You give her a
pension of $G00, so that she gets $1,500 a
year from the Government.
Mr. CONNESS. I must just say enough to
say that 1 protest against this idea. A lady
who is employed every day and receives less
than men who are employed in the same bus-
iness, cannot be said to receive anything from
the Government. She receives a small com-
pensation for her labor, and that should not
be charged to her account.
Mr. CAMERON. The policy of giving pen-
sions is to give them to those who are unable
to take care of themselves. A pension is not
so much a reward for public services as it is
an evidence of gratitude on the part of the Gov-
ernment and the people to the unprotected
heirs of gallant men. I have no objection to
making the pensions as high as you please ; I
do not care how much you give ; but I want
your laws to be general. I know hundreds of
cases myself of gallant colonels in my own
State, and the adjoining States, who died in
battle, many of whom left their families poor,
and their widows only get what the law allows,
thirty dollars a month. Why give more in
a few special cases, because the husbands hap-
pened to die on the battle field ? Every one
who was wounded so as to die from the wounds
received during a battle will be construed, after
a while, as having died on the battle-field?
Wo are too apt to be governed by our feelings.
I do not object to that; I think it is creditable
that everybody should have generous and kind-
ly feelings; but we ought to remember, at the
same time, that we are trustees here. Where
is the gentleman in the Senate who would put
his hand in his own pocket and give to these
widows and heirs of worthy and gallant sol-
diers his own money? We have a right to be
generous with our own, but the public money
is a trust placed in hands, and it is wrong to
make these invidious distinctions. I said there
were four hundred such cases. There are
certainly hundreds of people just as worthy
as this lady is of the patronage and favor of
the Government. I think we ought at least to
wait awhile and think about it; and if these
pensions should be increased let us do it in a
general law. If this bill passes, I shall, at
some proper time, move to include the widows
of officers, from the rank of colonel up, who
died on the battle-field. My objection is to
special legislation of this kind.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
charitable appropriations.
Mr. MORTON. There is another case re-
ported by the same committee at the same
time. I desire to call up the bill for the relief
of Mrs. Hackleman. Itwilltakebutamoment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to renew
my statement to the Senate. The Senate pro-
poses to go into executive session. I under-
stand. We have a bill here of a general char-
acter which ought to go to the olher House;
and I hope my honorable friend from Indiana
will allow his bill to go over until the evening ;
he will then have the opportunity to call it up.
Mr. CONNESS. I call for the regular order.
I think that is the best thing. Let us get a vote
on it, and that wUl clear it out of the way.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that the
regular order be postponed, and that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 541.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the Senator will not
make that motion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There is no
probability of getting a vote on the bill which
is the regular order.
Mr. CONNESS. I have this to say: the
Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessenden] says,
"Get a vote on the appropriation bill," and
at the same time he has given us notice that
he will ask for an executive session at two
o'clock. If the Senate will consent to vote
on the bill which I am pressing on the atten-
tion of the body I have no objection ; but I
hope we shall get a vote on it to-day.
Mr. FESSENDEN, I do not desire to have
the whole day spent on that bill. I said in my
seat that I had no objection to the appropria-
tion bill being considered and passed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Maine moves that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the bill mentioned by
him; but prior to that the Senator from In-
diana moved to take up a bill.
Mr. MORTON. I yield to the Senator from
Maine.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now, I want to
say that this hill ought to pass. It must have
the consideration of the House of Represent-
atives. It ought to pass now or very soon. If
the honorable Senator from California could
gel his bill passed at once of course I would
not interpose this bill; but if that bill, having
exhausted two days, is to exhaust another day,
I must object.
Mr. CONNESS. Well, I reply to the Sen-
ator that I will consent to let it go over.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. 1 have not got
through.
Mr. CONNESS. I say I consent to let the
bill go by for the present.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If that is agree-
able to the Senator, I accept the proposition.
Mr. CONNESS. That will be agreeable.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well.
Mr. CONNESS. We can pass the bill while
we are talking about it.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator irom
Maine, [Mr. Moitiui-L. ]
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H
R. No. 541) making appropriations for the
service of the Columbia Institution for Instruc-
tion of the Deaf and Dumb, and establishing
additional regulations for the government of
the_ institution, was considered by the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes
to appropriate for the support of the institu-
tion, in addition to the existing appropriation
to meet the increased expense of maintaining
pupils whose admission was authorized by an
act of Congress approved March 2, 1867.
$3,000; for continuing the work upon build-
ings of the institution, in accordance with plans
heretofore submitted to Congress, $48,000.
In addition to the directors whose appoint'
rnent has heretofore been provided for oy law,
there are to be three other directors appointed,
as follows: one Senator by the President of
the Senate, and two Representatives by the
Speaker of the House j these directors to hold
their offices for tbe term of a single Congress,
and to be eligible to a reappointment. No
part of tbe real or personal property now held
or hereafter to be acquired by tbe institution
