1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4271
is to be devoted to any other purpose than the
education of the deaf and dumb, nor is any
portion of the real estate to be aliened, sold,
or conveyed, except under the authority of a
special act of Congress. The bill further pro-
poses to repeal so much of the act of February
16, 1857, as allows the payment of $150 per
annum for the maintenance and tuition of each \
pupil admitted by order of the Secretary of the |
Interior, and the number of students in the j
collegiate department from the several States, ;
as authorized by the act of March 2, 1867, is
to be increased from ten to twenty-five in
number.
The Committee on Appropriations proposed
to amend the bill by adding the following as
an additional section:
And be it further enacted, That the following suras
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated for the
purposes hereinafter expressed, lor the fiscal year
ending Juno 30,1869:
Government Hospital for the Insane in the Dis-
trict ot Columbia:
For the support, clothing, medical, and moral treat-
ment ot* the insane of tho Army and Navy and rev-
enue-cutter service, and of the indigent insane of the
District of Columbia in tho GovernmentHospitalfor
the insane, including S)00 for books, stationery, and
incidental expenses, §90,500.
For finishing-, furnishing, lighting, and heating tho
unfinished part of tho east wing of the main hospital
edifice, $7,000.
Columbia Institution for the Deaf and Dumb:
For the support ot the institution, including SI,000
for books and illustrative apparatus, $>2-5,000.
For tho proper inclosure, improvement, and en-
largement of the grounds of the institution, in accord-
ance with plans heretofore submitted to Congress,
$5,600.
Columbia Hospital for Women and Lying-in
Asylum:
For the support ot the asylum over and above the
probable amount which will be received from inde-
pendent, or pay-patients, #15,000.
For the completion of the Providence Hospital in
Washington city, District of Columbia, 830,000.
For the National Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphans'
Home, in the city of Washington, District of Colum-
bia, $10,000.
For caie, support, and medical treatment of sixty
transient paupers, medical and surgicalpatients. in
some proper medical institution in ihe city of Wash-
ington, under a contract to be foimed with such
institution, $12,000, or so much thereof as may bo
necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. FESSENDENL I should like to inquire
of the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations whether in any appropriation bill the
ordinary appropriations have been made which
we yearly make for Providence Hospital?
Mr. MOUKILL, of Maine. The ordinary
appropriation is in this bill—no extra appro-
priation.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill
was read the third time and passed, and its
title was amended by adding the words k4and
for other purposes."
IMPitOVOF MISSISSIPPI RIVER.
Mr. HA MS IE Y submitted the following re-
port:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes ot the two Houses upon the bill of the House
(11. li. No. 551) making a grant ot land to the State
ot Minnesota to aid in the improvement of naviga-
tion of tue Mississippi river, alter full and free con-
ference have agreed to recommend, and do recom-
mend, to their respective Houses as follows :
That the Senatereeedotromirs amendment to said
bill. ALEXANDER RAM6EY,
JAMES HAtlLAN,
C. R. BUCKALJSW,
Managers on the part oj the Senate.
I. DONNELLY,
HORACE MAl'NARD,
L. W. liOSS,
Managers on the -part of the Homo.
The report was concurred in.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HOWE submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amondmonts to the
bill (II. R. No. 1073) making appropriations for the
current andcontmgent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, ;md for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the year ending tho 30th of
June, 1860, having met, after full and free confeience,
have agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to
their respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 5, 9,10,11, 21, 26, 29, 33, 34, 35, 36, 37, 40, 44,
45, 47, 50, 51, 60, 62, 03,66. 67, 69, 71,72,73, 75,76,77,70,
83, 92,104,106,100, 114,120,121, 123, 124,125, 127,128.
1*2,133,137,139, 141,142,143148, 149, 150,156J-, 158,170,
172,171,1T5,184, and 186.
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the amendments ot tho Senate
numbeied 2, 4, 0, 7, 8, 13, 14, 15, 10, 17,18, 19, 20, 21,
22, 23, 25, 27, 28, 38, 39,46, 48, 49,53, 54. 55,56,57, 58, 59,
61, 64, 65, 68, 70, 7H, 80, 81, 82, 83, 81, 85, 89, 93, 94, 95,
9b, 97, 98, 99,100, 101, 102,103, 105, 108, J10 113.115,116,
117, 126, 129, 130, 131,134, 135,138, 140, 145,156, 161,162,
168,169,171,176, 180,181,182, 183, 185, and 188, and
agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the first amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with an amendment, as follows: strike out in
lino two of said amendment the word "sixteen" and
insert in lieu the word "thirteen;" and the Senate
agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the third amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with an amendment, as follows: strike out of
said amendment the words "twenty-five hundred"
and insert in lieu the following words: "twelve
hundred and fifty;" and the Senate agree to the
same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
tho twelfth amendment ot the Senate, and agree to
the same with an amendment, as follows: strike out of
said amendment" thirty-six thousand five hundred"
and insert in lieu " twenty-five thousand;" and the
Senate agree to the same.
That tho House recede from their disagreement to
the thirtieth amendment ot the Senate, and agree to
the same with an amendment, as toilows: strike out
of said amendment the following words: "for tho
Bois-Fort band ;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the thirty-first amendment ot the Senate, and agree
to tho same with an amendment:, as follows: strike
out of said amendment the loilowkig words: "for the
Hois-Fort band;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede hom their disagreement to
the thirty-second amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with an amendment, as follows;
in line five ot said amendment strike out the word
"fifteen" and insert in lieu tho word "sixand the
Senate agree to tho same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
tho forty-first and forty-second amendments of tho
Senate, and agree to the same, with an amendment,
as follows: strikeout all of said amendments and
insert in lieu of both amendments the following
words:
"To enable the Commissioner of Indian Affairs to
complete tho removal of the scattering bands of
Chippewa Indians in Minnesota to their reservations
near White Earthlake and to subsistthem thereat for
the period ofsix months, this amount is hereby appro-
piiated, which, added to the unexpended balance of
any appropriation heretofore made tor the same pur-
pose, will enable said Commissioner to pay to each
member of such bands the sum of ten dollars in
money and twenty dollars in rations, such as are
furnished tho Army of tho United States; such pay-
ment and delivery to be made only to such individ-
uals ot the bands as shall remove themselves to their
resei vations piior to the 1st day of December next,
$40 000;'' and tho Senate agree to the same.
That tho House recede from their ditvigreement to
the lorty-third amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows: in line
four ot said amendment, strike out the word "ten"
and insert in lieu tho word "six;" and tho Senate
agree to the same.
That the Houso recede from their disagreement to
the filty-second amendmentof the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment, as lollows: strike
out of said amendment the word "five" and insert
in lieu the word "four;" and theSenate agree to the
same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the seventy-fourth amendment of the Senate, and
asrree to the same with an amendment, as follows:
strike out of said amendment the words "six thou-
sand seven hundred" and insert in lieu the words
" live thousand;" and the Senate agiee to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the seventy-eighth amendment of tho Senate, and
agree to the same with an amendment, as follows :
strike out of said amendment the word " four" and
insert in lieu the word "two;" and tho Senate agree
to the same.
That the Houserecede from their disagreement to
the eighty-sixth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows : strike
out of said amendment the words "seven thousand
six " and insert in lieu " five thousand five;" and the
Senate agree to thesame.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the eighty-seventh amendment of fie Senate, and
acrree to the same with an amendment, as follows:
in line nine of said amendment strike out the word
"four " and inscrtin lieu the word "three;" and the
Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the ninetieth amendment ot the Senate, and agree to
the same with an amendment, as follows: in-line
three of said amendment, strike out the words "nine
hundred" and insert in lieu "seven hundred and
twenty;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede hom their disagreement to
the ninety-first amendment of the Senate, and agree
to tho same with an amendment, nsfollows: in line
three of said amendment strike out the woids "nine
hundred" and insert in lieu "seven hundred and
twenty;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede fiom their disagreement to
tho ono hundred and seventh amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same with tho following
amendments: after theword "cents," in liaefifteen
of said amendment, insert the following words: u or
so much thereof as may be necessary;" and strike
out all after theword "sell," in line twenty-one of
said amendment, down to and including the word
" treaties " in line twenty-five, and insert in lieu the
following words: "six hundred twenty-one hun-
dred and eightieth parts of the several classes of
bonds held oy him in trust for said Pottawatomie
Indians, and pay tho proceeds thereof without any
deduction, incompliance with the provisions of said
treaties; " and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and eleventh amendment of tho
Senate, and agree to the same with an amendment,
as follows: strike out of said amendment the words :
"four thousand six," and insert in lieu " three thou-
sand fiveand the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and twelfth amendment of the Sen-
ate, and agree to the same with an amendment, as
follows: at the end of said amendment add the fol-
lowing words: "which amount shall be deducted
from any money or funds belonging to said tribe of
Indians."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and eighteenth amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same with an amendment,
as follows: in line seven of said amendment strike
out the words " twenty-five " and insert in lieu the
word " fifteen;" and at the end of said amendment
add the following words: "to be expended under the
direction of Rev. II. B. "Whipple, of Faribault, in
the State of Minnesota;" and the Senate agree to
the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and nineteenth amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same with amendments, as
follows: in line four of said amendment strike out
the word "fifty''a&d insert the word "thirtyand
after the word "dollars," in the same line, insert the
following words: "to be expended under the direc-
tion of Rev. H.B. Whipple, of Faribault, in the State
of Minnesota;" and the Senate agree to thesame.
That tho House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and twenty-second amendment of
the Senate, and agree to the same with an amend-
men L us follows: in lin e two of said amendment strike
out the words "four thousand sixand insert in
lieu " three thousand five;" and the Senate agree to
the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and thirty-sixth amendment of tho
Senate, and agree to the same with an amendment,
as follows: strike out of said amendment theword
"seventy" and insert in lieu the word "fifty;" and
the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and twenty-fourth amendment of
tho Senate, and agree to the same with an amend-
ment, as follows: strike out of said amendment the
word "fifty" and insert in lieu the word "forty,"
and the Senate agree to the same.^
That the House recede from t.heir disagreement to
the one hundred and forty-sixth amendment of the
Senate and agree to the same, with an amendment
as follows: strike out of said amendment the word
"five," and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and forty-seventh amendment of
the Senate, and agree to the same with the following
amendment: strike out of said amendment theword
"twenty" and insert in lieu the word "five."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and fifty-first amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same with the following
amendment: strike out of said amendment the words
" fifty-five" and insert in lieu theword "forty;" and
the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendments of the Senate, numbered one hun-
dred and fifty-two, one hundred and fifty three, one
hundred and fifty-four, and one hundred and fifty-
five, and agree to tho same, with the following
amendments: strike out all of said four amend-
ments, and strike out also lines twenty-one, twenty-
two, twenty-thiee, twenty-four, twenty-five, and
twentv-six of the bill on page 54, and insert in lieu
the following words: "For pay of one physician,
$1,200; one blacksmith, $750; one assistant ^lack-
smith, $500; one farmer, $7-0; oneteacher, $750; and
one carpenter, $720, upon each of the reservations in
California; and one miller, at $750, upon each of the
Round Valley, and Hoopa Valley reservations;"
and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and fifty-seventh amendment of
the Senate, and agree to tho same with an amend-
ment, as follows: in line six of said amendment,
strikeout the word "fifty" and insert in lieu the
word "twenty ;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and fifty-ninth amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same with amendments, as
follows; in line three of said amendment strike out
the words " five thousand" and insert in lieu the
words "three thousand and five hundred;" and at
the end of said amendment add the following words:
" and tho Smith river reservation is hereby discon-
tinued and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and sixtieth amendment of the
Senate, and agree to tho same with an amendment
as follows: strike out all of said amendment ana
substitute in lieu thereof the following: -jor
amount of deficiency expended in su"f.jst*n£
Xavnjoesat the Bosque Redondo,
contract made by Theodore H. Wf. from the 2A1
of May, 1868, until their removal to
$21 000 or so much thereof as may be neoessary, at
eleven'cents p™r ration;" and tho Senate agree to
the same.
