2m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March n
With the present provision added, I believe we
shall see reason to regret the change we make.
Mr. HOWARD. In reply to what the Sen-
ator has said, it seems to me to be sufficient to
say that if, with all the vigor and vigilance which
it has been possible for the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue to exercise in such cases, we
have continued to lose millions upon millions
of the public revenue in the shape of compro-
mises; and if thousands and tens of thousands
of criminals have escaped unwhipped of jus-
tice in consequence of his failure to apply the
proper remedy or to make the proper regula-
tion, it ishigh time the power were taken out of
his hands and given to some other officer of
the Government who will attend to and en-
force the laws.rigorously and carefully.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I shall not vote for this
report, because I do not agree to the fifth sec-
tion nor to the last. My colleague thinks that
the law as it now stands distributes the respon-
sibility, and therefore there are 110 good re-
sults. I think this proposition is to distribute
the responsibility. If an indictment be pend-
ing in the United States court the district
attorney is authorized by law to enter a nolle
prosequi, if he thinks it right; but he can do
that only with the approval of the court. It is
done in the presence of the community where
the indictment is presented, and not far per-
haps from the locality of the offense itself.
Here is a direct responsibility upon the district
attorney, and he is under the check and con-
. trol of the court. Instead of that, you propose
that he shall report the case to the Secretary
of the Treasury and to the Attorney General,
and if, after consultation, they decide to nolle,
prosequi the case, what is the effect? The
Attorney General says he acted upon the advice
of the district attorney; and the Secretary of
the Treasury says that he has got his informa-
tion from the district attorney, and the district
attorney when called upon to respond to pub-
lic opinion about it says that he has the author-
ity of the Secretary of the Treasury and the
Attorney General. The result of it is that
there is no direct responsibility to the public
opinion in regard to the case. That is my
judgment of it practically.
Mr. HO WARD. Are not the Secretary of
the Treasury and the Attorney General respon-
sible?
Mr. HENDBICKS. They are responsible
upon the information that is furnished to them.
They can only act upon information that the
district attorney gives to them. Sir, there is
so much noise and confusion in the Chamber
that I cannot hear myself. I do not believe
the Senate cares anything about this, for 1 do
not think anybody is heard in speaking upon
it. It is a matter of a good deal of import-
ance, and I wish to say a little upon it; but if
it isi not agreeable that the question shall be
discussed 1 shall not do so. It is about liquor
to be sure, and liquor ought to be pursued,
and all men that deal in liquor ought to be,
perhaps, put to death, according to the judg-
ment of some, gentlemen. I do not agree to
that myself. I undertook to say to the Sen-
ate, bat I was not heard—the chairman of the
committee in my rear makes so much confu-
sion that I cannot hear myself—and with the
permission of the committee I will suggest to
them that the proposition of the last section
is to water all responsibility until there is
none. The district attorney will say to the
public, "I have acted under the advice of the
Attorney General and the Secretary of the
Treasury." The Secretary of the Treasury
and the Attorney General will say, " We have
got our, advice from the law officer at the
locality.''
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask my
colleague one question, whether it can possi-
bly make it any worse than it now is?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think a great deal
worse ; for if you leave the matter with the
district attorney in the community where the
indictment is found, where the offense has
been committed, he is under the cheek of pub-
lic- opinion where the crime itself has been per-
petrated ; but if he is authorized to refer the
question up to Washington and he can say to
the commune, "1 have referred it up there
and he gets the advice of the Attorney General,
when he comes to act upon the subject his re'
sponsibility is gone. Within the scope of my
observation I do not know any case in which
the district attorney has disregarded a proper
public opinion.
But, Mr. President, I am more particularly
opposed to this fifth section. It requires that
the punishment shall be by a fine and impris-
onment. 'There are many cases where that
eunishment ought not to be inflicted. Is any
enator afraid of the Federal courts ? I have
not heard the integrity of the courts ques-
tioned in regard to the liquor-tax question.
A Senator in my roar says that there are
such cases ; but I have not heard of them. I
know there can none arise in the district in
which I practice law. ' The district judge there
is not only an eminent jurist, but is distin-
guished for his integrity.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to be un-
derstood as saying there are any imputations
of dishonesty, but there are great complaints
made in regard to the conduct of judges in
these cases in letting off persons at nominal
penalties and punishments ; in some cases the
lines were less than one tenth the value of the
whisky ont of the tax on which the Govern-
ment was defrauded.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have not heard of
any such case. I am not familiar with very
many of thein. In my profession I have only
defended, as I now recollect, one man charged
as defendant in a whisky case ; and every Sen-
ator here, if he had known of that case, would
say that this law that you now propose to enact
would in that case have been a public outrage,
a simple outrage. That man was a very hum-
ble man. He had a little still on his own farm,
lie never had manufactured for public sale, but
just for the accommodation of his neighbors,
manufacturing a very good article. He took
out a license for one month, the month of
April, and he got along and manufactured a
part of a barrel, but did not complete it. After-
ward when he returned to it, he finished that
one barrel, perhaps in the month of August.
That man was the defendant in three indict-
ments and one civil suit, all in relation to one
barrel. I think he sold it to his neighbors. He
was an old acquaintance of mine and he came
to see me about it. He was scared nearly to
death, and was likely to be broken np. I got
to know all about the facts and saw the district
attorney, and had him nolle prosequi two of the
indictment cases, and dismiss the civil suit, and
take a fine on the remaining criminal case,
enough to cover the tax that the Government
ought to have ; I do not recollect what; but the
tax was paid. There was no question about
that. Now, if that man had had to go to the
penitentiary it would have been an outrage
simply, unmixed, unquestionably.
Mr. MORTON. 1 suggest to my colleague
that the man's poverty explains the whole mat-
ter. He had nothing to give to anybody.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There was not enough
of it to justify giving anything. It was a little
trifling case; but this law would have sent him
to the penitentiary; and it is proposed that
there shall be nonoMe entered andthen hisonly
salvation would be an appeal to the presiden-
tial clemency. That ought not to bo. The law
is. right now. The law says that the judge, not
the jury, shall decide upon the punishment;
and I do not think we have occasion to ques-
tion the integrity of the Federal judges. If the
juries had the power in the Federal courts as
in some of the State courts to decide upon the
punishment, it might be another question; but
the jury merely finds the question of guilt or
innocence, and then the court decides upon the
punishment. Are we afraid of the court?
Mr. TIPTON. Will the Senator from In-
diana give way for a motion to adjourn? It is
now after five o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER and others. No> no; let us
finish this bill.
Mr. TIPTON. 1 move that the Senate <kr
now adjourn.
Mr, WILSON and others. No, no; let us
finish the bill.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was going on to say
that the security of the Government is ample
in the fact that the courts prescribe the penalty;
and the law, as it now stands, being in the
alternative, is as it should be ; and if the judge
hearing the case says that imprisonment ought
to be added to the fine, the judge can so order.
That is right. Therefore 1 shall vote against
the report.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the report of the com-
mittee of conference.
The report was concurred in.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
stands adjourned until twelve o'clock to-mor-
row.
Mr. SHERMAN. Half past eleven.
Mr. HENDRICKS. No, twelve o'clock;
that is right.
Mr. SHERMAN. The eonrt meets at twelve
o'clock.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 80, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxtox.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order is calling the States and
Territories (commencing with the State of
Maine) for bills and joint resolutions for refer-
ence to appropriate committees, not to be
brought back into the House by motions to
reconsider ; during which call resolutions and
memorials of State and Territorial Legislatures
are in order.
third assistant engineers.
Mr. ELTOT introduced a bill (H. R. No.
981) relating to third assistant engineers in the
Naval Academy; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
presidential succession, etc.
Mr. CHURCHILL introduced a bill {H. R.
No. 982) to amend an act entitled "An act
relative to the election of the President and
Vice President of the United States and declar-
ing the officer who shall act as President in
case of vacancies in the office both of Presi-
dent and Vice President," approved March 1,
1792 5 which was read a first and second time.
, ,r.\ CHANLER. I call for the reading of
the bill in full. fc
The Clerk read the bill. It proposes to
amend the ninth and tenth sections of the aet
named in the title. The ninth section, as pro-
posed to be amended, will provide that in ease
hit w!?0TS ' d-Th' rGS,g'1ali° - or inability
both of the 1 resident and Vice President of
the United States, the President of the Senate
° tempore. ; and m case there shall be no
H,?'t!V fth£S(!nate> the Speaker of
the House of Representatives: and in case '
there shall be no Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentatives, then the Chief Justice of thfsu-
preme Court of the United States, shall, for the
time being, act as President of th«> United
The tenth section as proposed to be amended
Tn!! ?^actphatwhenever the offices of President
and Vice President shall both become vacant
more than eighteen months before the exuira
tion of the term for which they were elected
the Secretary of State shall forthwith onnci '
the ^
same
