42-72
THE COiMGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
That tho House rccede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and sixty-third amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same with amendments, as
follows: iu line four of said amendmont after the
word " dollars " insert the following words: " to be
expended under the direction of Lieutenant General
Sherman, of the Indian peace commission;" and the
Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendments of the Senate numbered 164, 165,166,
and 167, and aprree to the same with an amendment,
as follows: strike out all of said four amendments
and insert in lieu the following words: " For con-
structing warehouse, agency building, blacksmith
and carpenter's shop, and school-houso, per article
three of said treaty, £12,500. to be expended under
tho direction of Lieutenant General Sherman, of the
Indian peace commission;" and the Senate aero© to
the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and seventy-third amendment of
the Senate and agree to the same, with an amend-
ment as follows: in line three of said amendment
strike out the words " eighty-five" and insert in lieu
the word " fifty;" and the Senate agree to the same,
That the Houso recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and seventy-seventh, one hundred
and seventy-eighth, and one hundred and seventy-
ninth amendments of tlio Senate, and agree to tho
some with an amendment, as follows: strike out all
of said three amendments, and iusert in lieu of said
amendments the following words: "Fortius amount
for tho purpose of carrying out the treaty stipu-
lations, making and preparing homes, furnishing
provisions, tools, and farming utensils, and furnish-
ing food for such bands of Indians with which treat-
ies have been made by the Indian pcacc commis-
sion, and notyet ratified, and defraying tho expenses
of the commission in making such treaties and carry-
ing their provisions into effect, §500,000, to be ex-
pended under the direction of Lieutenant General
Sherman of said commission, and drawn from the
Treasury upou his requisition upon the Secretary of
the Interior;" and the Senate agree to the same.
Tiuit tho House recede from rhcir disagreement to
the one huudrcd and eighty-seventh amendment of
the Senate, and agree to the same with amendments,
as follows: strike out alL after the word "acres"
down to and including the word "office," and at the
end of said amendment add the following:
Provided further. That all improvements made
by any person on said reservation before the passage
o£ this act shall be tho sole property of the peison
making them, who shall have priority ot purchase of
six hundred and forty acres of land covering and
adjoining said improvements, and all said land shall
b« sold and disposed of for money only.
T. O. HOWE,
J. B. HENDERSON,
L. M. MOIUULL,
Managers on the part of the Senate,
B. F. BUTLER,
W. WINDOW,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. COLE. Is it in order to move for the
printing of this conference committee report,
and of the hill as amended, before the Senate
act upon it? If so, I make that motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is in
order, but the report of a committee of con-
ference cannot be amended.
Mr. COLE. I am aware of that fact, but I
should like to look over the report in order to
know what we vote upon, and I am sure it is
quite impossible to understand what we are
doing in voting for concurrence in this confer-
ence report without seeing the bill as the report
amends it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Cal-
ifornia, that the report of the conference com-
mittee, together with the bill, as amended, be
printed.
Mr. HOWE. I hardly think it is worth
while to make that order. It is true there were
a great number of disagreements which were
submitted to the committee, and I do not sup-
pose the Senate understand very distinctly the
particular action of the committee on each
particular disagreement: but it must be manl-
iest to the Senate as it was to the committee
that with reference to very much tho largest
number of these disagreements there was no
special feeling, and the disagreement was more
a matter of form than anything else. I incline
to think, although I do not pretend myself to
be very familiar with the report we have made,
that 1 can give to the honorable Senator from
California any information he may need upon
any particular question if he is in doubt.
Mr. COLE. I am satisfied that in this bill
if it pass as it has been fixed by the conference
committee, there will be perpetrated very great
injustice, and especially givat injustice toward
the part of the country that I have the honor
in part to represent. The bill as passed by the
House of Representatives contained appropri-
ations amounting to $'-,214,283. The Senate
Committee on Appropriations changed the bill
so far as to add to the gross amount. $90,780 ;
so that the bill as reported to the Senate con-
tained appropriations amounting to $2,311,-
073. I do not assert that these figures are
entirely accurate ; but though going over the
bill rather hastily I feel sure they will not be
found far from the true amounts. Of these
appropriations those that are made for the
States and Territories that are still, to a great
extent, under the control of the Indians—I
mean the Territories and States west of the
Rocky mountains, including California, Utah,
Oregon, Washington Territory, Nevada, Idaho,
and Arizona—the amount in all is but $207,-
367, as footed up at the time the bill was in the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. STEWART. How much of that was
for Nevada?
Mr. COLE. Tho amount for Nevada was
$20,000. It will be seen that the total amount
of appropriations for that vast country west of
the itocky mountains, in which in my estima-
tion are to be found full half the Indians of
tho whole country, is only about one tenth what
they are for the country this side of the Rocky
mountains.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from California if he has also a
list of the number of treaties. There are a
great many more treaties east than west.
Mr. COLE. This large amount of upward
of two millions that is appropriated for Indians
this side of the Rocky mountains is most of it
obtained through the shallow pretense of Indian
treaties. The first fifty or sixty pages of the bill
are devoted to making appropriations under
sectionsof particular treaties with Indians and
treaties with Indian tribes of which in many
instances scarcely a shadow or skeleton is left.
By this shallow pretense a very large amount
is appropriated for the Indians nominally this
side of the Rocky mountains. For the purpose
of keeping peace and protecting the white set-
tlers, the miners ana farmers, west of the
Rocky mountains, there being few treaties
there, a very small appropriation indeed is
made. This is tho injustice that I complain
of, and it appears glaringly upon the face of
this bill.
Mr. President, in my own State, according to
the last report from the Department, I find that
the Indians numbered twenty-five thousand
nine hundred and sixty-two ; and besides these
there are many wild Indians that could not be
numbered. I believe the whole number there
exceeds thirty thousand Indians. Those Indians
are scattered over two hundred thousand square
miles, over a territory nearly five times as large
as the great State of New York. The white
population in that country is but sparse ; they
are interspersed with the Indians over the whole
State. Necessarily the two races mingle with
each other. The miners of our country neces-
sarily penetrate the Indian country. They come
in contact with them, and the destruction of
the one race by the other is going on constantly
and is the subject of daily repeated complaint
from that section. These facts have been
totally disregarded by the conference commit-
tee. We only asked so much as we could get
along with, the least sum possible to preserve
peace as we believe. We hope still that with
the small appropriations that have been made,
we may be able to pacify the Indians and pre-
vent their depredations; to prevent loss of life
on the part of the white race, as well as on the
part of the red race; but it is hardly to be ex-
pected that this condition of peace can be main-
tained with the inadequate appropriations that
have been made by this conference committee.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator whether it is not true as a general state-
ment that the Indians of the Pacific slope are
much less warlike than those further east, and
that there is therefore loss necessity for ex-
pending funds to avoid Indian wars there ?
Mr. COLE. I think that is not the case.
On the contrary I believe the reverse to be the
case. I believe there are no Indians more
formidable than some of the tribes in the
northern part of California, none more for-
midable this side of the Rocky mountains than
the Apaches of Arizona, none more formidable
in war than some of the tribes of Oregon and
Idaho. I believe that the Indians on the other
side of the mountains are as a general thing
quite as formidable in war as the Indians on
this side of the mountains and as difficult to
paeificate. There is, however, some portion
of the Indian race on the other side of the
mountains that are peaceful. I refer now to
the Indians in the southern portion of Cali-
fornia and iu the western portion of Arizona.
Those in the southern portion of California
were during early times under the care of the
benevolent Catholic priesthood. They be-
longed to the old missions of that country, and
being kept under control by the priesthood
were partially civilized ; and at this time if
they had been left alone and not interfered
with by the white race, they would have been
in a tolerably prosperous condition. They
owned stock, horses, cattle, and sheep; they
had vines and orchards planted, and were get-
ting along with some degree of prosperity ; but
we in the West are too well aware of the fact
that there is a class of people who have no
regard whatever for the rights of the Indians,
no matter how far they may have been ad-
vanced in civilization ; and in California the
emigrants from the western States, the south-
western States, and from Texas in particular,
enter the southern portion of our State, and
frequently without paying the least regard to
the rights of the Indians drive them from their
rancheros, drive them from their vineyards,
and deprive them of their cattle and other prop-
erty. The live or ten thousand Indians in the
southern portion of the State of California are
at this time in great distress because of this
interference with them, and they receive no
care, or next to no care, from the General
Government.
I will add that, as might reasonably be
expected, depredations are being committed by
theui; they are driven to it from their necessi-
ties ; they are driven to it from hunger, and not
unfrequently they destroy thelives of the settlers
and take their property, and no protection
whatever is afforded the white race as against
these depredations. To be sure, some few of the
white race that have thus crowded the Indians
from their homes deserve no protection ; but
the Indians do deserve protection as well as
the rest of the white people. These Indians
have been grossly maltreated ; they have been
basely imposed upon, and they are now left
without protection by Congress.
I felt bound, Mr. President, to say what I
have in some degree to relieve myself from the
responsibility which must fall upon somebody
for what is likely to occur during the next year
or until Congress does take some steps for the
protection of that race as well as our own. I
regret exceedingly that in the committee that
has made the bill, because it is made by the
conference committee, there was no one from
the west side of the Rocky mountains, no one
who was well acquainted with the condition of
these Indians, i think such should have been
the case j but it was, of course, a mere over-
sight. 1 am not finding fault'with the Pre-
siding Officer of either House by any means,
because I did not apply to either of the Pre-
siding Officers to have some one from the Pacific
coast or west of the Rocky mountains put upou
this committee. I am satisfied, however, that
some. members of the committee have but a
very inadequate appreciation of the true con-
nn" in the Iand of wIlich 1 sPeak-
^ J he I RESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on ordering the amended bill, together
with the report of the committee of conference,
p^te£ for the use of the Senate.
Mr. CORBETT. _ I have received a letter
lrom one of our Indian agents, one of our best
on the Pacific coast, this morning, relative to
a matter in regard to which I had written him
wheli the House of Representatives struck out
