1868.
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
question of adjournment? If fee does not, I
■will move that the House do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The motion to adjourn is
in order.
Mr. ELD IilDGE. Then I make that motion.
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—wes 52, noes 51.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Wasbburne,
of Illinois, and Mr. Eldridge were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 53, noes 61.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
CONSULAR, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
. Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
and proceed to the consideration of the bill
(H. II. No. 718) making appropriations for the
eonsular and diplomatic expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending 30th June, 1869,
and for other purposes.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Welker in the chair.) and
proceeded to the consideration of the b-ill
(H. R. No. 71-8) making appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending 30th June, 18G9,
and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. If there, be no objection
the first reading of the bill will be dispensed
with.
Mr. CHANLER. I object,
The bill was read.
The CHAIRMAN. The billwili riowbe read
for amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois Before that
is done I wish to make' ft statement. The pro-
visions of this bill are simply to carry ont
existing laws. The bill contains no appropria-
tions for any new subjects. The aggregate
amount which the bill proposes to appropriate
is, as will be seen by the note appended to the
bill, $1,268,934; being $154,520 less than the
amount estimated for the next fiscal year, and
$156,520 less than the amount which was ap-
propriated for the present fiscal year. This
reduction has been made by cutting do'tfn va-
rious items, as I will explain when we reach
those particular items.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I desire to
ask the gentleman whether there is not a change
from the bill of last year by including Portugal
in this bill?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir.
Mr. BROOKS. I desire to suggest a single
inquiry. The estimates sent in by the Depart-
ments are, as I understand, founded upon
existing laws, the heads of the Departments in
this respect acting in point of fact as mere
clerks. They are bound, as I understand, to
submit estimates of such appropriations as a.re
required to carry out existing acts of Congress.
Am I not right?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman may be right in his statement. The
heads of Departments are bound to do that.
But I think that in some instances they do not
confine themselves to that.
Mr. BROOKS. I presume that they have'
done it with regard to this bill; and I suppose
that so far as regards any curtailments they"
are to be made by Congress. The gentleman
having stated that this bill proposes a reduc-
tion of expenditures, I congratulate the House
upon this stop in the direction of economy. I
welcome every possible curtailment of our
public expenses.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to inquire of the act-
ing chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions [Mr. Washburke, of Illinois] whether the
salaries embraced in this bill are payable in
coin or in currency ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. They are
payable in coin. Greenbacks, unfortunately,
do not circulate in foreign countries.
Mr. WOOD. I desire, then, to eall atten-
40TTI f!oxa. 2P RTCPP. —'TC,.
.
tion to the fact that there is no such provision
in the bill. The only specification that any
sum is to be paid in coin' is in the provision for
the fulfillment of our treaty stipulations with
respect to the capitalization of the Scheldt
dues. If it is the design that all these salaries
shall be paid in coin, and if there is any exist-
ing law to that effeet, this bill fails to make the
necessary provision on the subject.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman from Illi-
nois, has stated that this bill proposes a reduc-
tion of the appropriations made last year, and
in considering our appropriation bills recently
there have been frequent comparisons with the
amounts appropriated at former sessions. Now,
I desire to call attention to the fact that this
bill proposes to appropriate $222,372 more
than was appropriated for similar purposes in
1861, the last session of the Thirty-Sixth Con-
gress. These salaries were then, as they are
now, paid in. coin; and the rates of exchange
are less now than they were then. How-does
it happen that this bill proposes this heavy
increase upon the appropriations made in 1861 ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There are
now a great many additional consuls.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does not the bill propose
substantially to cut off the additional consul-
ships and the increased salaries that have been
authorized since 1801?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir;
it does not.-
Mr. HOLMAN. The increased amount of
the appropriations, then, is due alone to the
additional number of consuls ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The ad-
ditional number of cousuls and the increase of
salaries.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it not the fact this in-
crease has been occasioned' by giving salaries
to consuls who were not salaried in 1861? Is
not the number of consuls the same now as
then?" Our commerce has not increased. Be-
fore these consuls were paid salaries were they
not paid by fees?
Mr. BLAINE. I will tell the gentleman
from Indiana that the United States has
saved a great deal of money by adopting the
system of paying salaries. There is an excess
of fees over expenditures, and that excess goes
into the Treasury. The fees of' some of the
large consulates gave the consuls fortunes in a
single year. We have put them upon a salary,
and the Government now gets the excess of
fees. To be sure, in some .of the small con-
sulates the salary is more than the fees; but
the receipts from the larger consulates more
than balance any loss on the small ones.
I am glad, Mr. Chairman, that the gentle-
man has asked the question. It affords me
the opportunity of stating to the House that
our consular system is now self-supporting,
and more than self-supporting. The receipts in
the shape of fees are more than this bill appro-
priates to sustain the consuls.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. And let
me add that our receipts are in gold.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the gentleman state
that the fees paid into the Treasury amount to
$230,000? Does the gentleman assert that to
be true? I do not suppose the gentleman will
make any such assertion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is
no amendment before the committee. Read
the bill.
The Clerk read as follows :
For salaries of envoys extraordinary, ministers,
nnd commissioners of the United States at Great
Britain* France, Russia, Prussia, Spain, Austria,
Brazil, Republic of Mexico, China. Italy, Chili, Peru,
Portugal, Switzerland, Belgium, Holland, Denmark,
Sweden, Turkey, Ecuador, New Granada, Bolivia,
Venezuela. Guatemala, Nicaragua, Sandwich Isl-
ands, Costa Rica, Honduras. Argentine Confedera-
tion, Paraguay, Japan, and Salvador, $301,000,
Mr. HIGBY. I should like to inquire why
Portugal is included? I remember it was
struck ont last year, and I should Kke to have
the gentleman from Illinois explain the reason
for its being included now.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman will refer to the law he will find it is in
the consular and diplomatic bill; but there is
y a provision that no part of the money
thereby appropriated should be p&id tc> the
then minister to Portugal. That provision
still exists.
Mr. HIGBY. It still exists?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ It doe's.
That is the condition of the question in ref-
erence to the minister to Portugal.
Mr. CHANLER. I do not see that.Greece
is named' in this bill; and' yet I see by the pres^
that the President has sent in to die Senate th^
name of a representative to the* kingdom of
Greece. While I do not propose any adt'ion'iri
this'matter now, still I think it is due to the' feel-;
ing of the country in reference to Greece aridttf
the connection between Turkey and the Island
of Crete that we should have some information,
from the Secretary of State through this com-,
mittee as to' the reason for the exclusion of
Greece in this bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. At the
time this bill was prepared the committee had
no information that a minister had been ap-
pointed to Greece, and according to the rule
of the committee it was not included. Since
then we learn that a minister has been ap-
pointed, and the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Butler] has been instructed to sub-
mit an amendment providing for the minister
to the Kingdom of Greece.
Mr. B UTLER. In the twelfth line, second
p^ge, I move to strike out " Ecuador" and
insert "Greece." The reason why Greece*
has been omitted has been stated by the gen-
tleman from Illinois. There is now 4 necessity
for this appropriation.
Mr. SPALDING. Let me correct the
gentleman. The committee agreed to insert
Greece, but not to strike out Ecuador. On
a reconsideration it was decided that Ecuador
should not be stricken out.
Mr. BUTLER. I arm half right there, and
that is as near as I hope to be.
Mr. SPALDING. Thecommitteerecousid-
ered the matter, and agreed to keep Ecuador in.
Mr. BUTLER. I was spying that we agreed
to insert Greece, and I understand the com-
mittee had agreed to a motion to strike out
Ecuador. The reason why we vrishe'd to insert
Greece was, there is now a war going on be-
tween the Sultan of Turkey and some rebels,
as he claims them, in the Island of Crete, and
our citizens are very much interested in that
war in various ways. It ^Ejects our interest, aud
we must have some minister in Greece to pro-
tect them. Greece, too, hassentaminist'erhere,
and it is but according to the usual courtesy of
nations to reciprocate.
I was instructed to move to insert Greece
and strike out Ecuador, for the further reason
that it is difficult to state anything that a resi-
dent minister at Ecuador has now to do. We
have settled our difficulties by commission
with that country. We have very little com-
merce with her, and our eonsular agents there
can take care of all our commercial relations,
which do not involve any questions of inter-
national law, as in the case where war exists.
Therefore, as it would not add much to the
expense or to this appropriation, I have made
this motion. The Department of Slate have
seen the necessity and have recommended,
and the President has appointed, a minister to
Greece, who, I believe, is entirely unexcep-
tionable, and we ars only now to provide for
his salary.
Mr. CHANLER. Mr. Chairman, I call for a
division of the motion. While I do not oppose
the appointment of a minister to Greece, for the
very cogent reasons given by the gentleman who
ma3e the motion. I certainly do not see the
necessity of breaking off our commercial rela-
tions—for so I look upon our diplomatic relar
tions, practically speaking, between this coun-
try and foreign nations—with Ecuador in or-
der to establish new relations with a Power
So remote as Greece. The position of Ecna-
dor upon this continent or upon that unbilieat
cord which binds the two continents, is cer-
tainly too important to admit of a surgical
operation at this time without danger of some
