THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
167
Answer. Only three times, and this is one
of them.
Question. Do you know what became of this
extreme ease? What was done with this
criminal?
_ Answer. I was not present at the examina-
tion.
Mr. STANBERY, (to the Managers.) Are
you through with the papers?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I am through with
the papers.
Mr. STANBERY. Very well.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I have the honor
to object, Mr. President, to the warrant and
affidavit of Mr. Stanton being received as evi-
dence in this cause. I do not think Mr. Stan-
ton can make testimony against the President
by any affidavit that he can put in, or for him
by any proceedings between him and Lorenzo
Thomas. I do not think the warrant is rele-
vant to thiis case in any form. - The fact that
Thomas was arrested has gone in, and that is
all. To put in the affidavit upon which he
was arrested certainly is putting in res inter
alios. It is not a proceeding between Thomas
and tliePresident; but this is between Thomas
and Stanton, and in no view is it either perti-
nent or relevant to this case or competent in
#.ny form, so far as I am instructed.
Sir. EVARTS. Mr. Chief Justice and Sen-
ators, the arrest of General Thomas was brought
into testimony by the Managers and they ar-
gued, I believe in their opening, before they had
proved it, that that was what prevented General
Thomas using force to take possession of the
War Office. We now propose to show what
that arrest was in form and substance by the
authentic documents of it, which are the war-
rant and the affidavit on which it was based.
The affidavit, of course, does not prove the
facts stated in it; but the proof of the affidavit
shows the fact upon which, as a judicial found-
ation, the warrant proceeded. We then pro-
pose to follow the opening thus laid, of this
proceeding, by showing how it took place and
how efforts were made on behalf of General
Thomas by habeas corpus to raise the question
for the determination of the Supreme Court of
the United States in regard to this act.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I understand, Mr.
President, that if this affidavit goes in at all,
it is then evidence of all that it states, if the
gentlemen have a right to put it in.
Mr. EVARTS. 1 said otherwise; but you
can have your own conclusion. We do not
admit it to be so.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. That is my con-
clusion, and that is what we should claim; and
I think nothing more clearly shows that it can-
not be evidence than that fact. This was not
an attempt of the President to get this matter
before the court; it was an attempt of Mr.
Stanton to protect himself from violence which
had been threatened in two instances before.
This was late at night. Mr. Stanton, we can
easily judge from the evidence, was informed
that night of the threats made to Burleigh, the
threats made to Wilkeson, and the threats
made at Willard's Hotel, and being informed
of them he did not know at what hour this man
might bring his masqueraders upon him, and
thereupon he took care to protect himself at
the earliest possible hour.
But how that can relieve the President from
crime, how that shows that he did or did not
commit the act complained of, because Stan-
ton arrested Thomas orThomas arrested Stan-
ton, is more than I can conceive. Suppose
Stanton had not arrested Thomas, would it
show that the President is not guilty here ? Sup-
pose he did arrest him, does it show that he is
guilty here ? Is it not merely, in the language
of the law, well known to every lawyer in the
Senate, res inter alios acta—things done be-
tween other parties than the parties to this
record. We only adverted to th,e arrest in
putting in Thomas's declaration.to show what
effect it had on his mind.
Mr. EVARTS. It has already been put in
proof by General Thomas that before he went
to tho court upon this arrest he saw the Presi-
dent an'd told him of his arrest, and the Presi-
dent Immediately replied "thatis as it should
beor "that is as we wish it to be, the ques-
tion in the court." Now, I propose to show
that this is the question that was in the courts,
to wit: the question of the criminality of a per-
son accused and this civil-tenure bill. And I
then propose to sustain the answer of the
President, and also the sincerity and substance
of this his statement already in evidence, by
showing that this proceeding, having been com-
menced as it was by Mr. Stanton against Gen-
eral Thomas, was immediately taken hold of
as the speediest and most rapid mode, through
a habeas corpus, in which the President or the
Attorney General, or General Thomas acting
in that behalf, would be the actor, in order to
bring at once before this court, the supreme
court of the District, the question of the valid-
ity of his arrest and confinement under an act
claimed to be unconstitutional, with an imme-
diate opportunity of appeal to the Supreme
Court of the United States then in session,
from which at once there could have been ob-
tained a determination of the point.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. And whenever
that is proposed to be shown I propose to show
that Mr. Thomas was discharged on the motion
of his own counsel from arrest by the judge.
Mr. EVARTS. Very well; that is after-
ward; we will see about that; we will prove
our case; you can prove yours.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Admit this and
the Senate will be traveling into the question
of the various facts taking place in another
court; and I have not yet heard any of the
learned counsel say that this did not come
within the rule of res inter alios acta—things
done between others than parties to the record.
Mr. EVARTS. I did not think it neces-
sary.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. That may be a>
very good answer ; but, whether it is necessary
or not, is it not so ? Is there a lawyer any-
where who does not understand that, and who
does not know that the proceedings between
two other persons after a crime is committed,
never yet were offered in evidence to show that
a crime was not committed.
It is said that the President was glad to get
this matter before a court. Did he see that
affidavit? No. Did he know what was in it?
No. All he knew was that his man was car-
ried into court on some process which the man
himself, Thomas, did not even know what it
was. He was simply arrested. Mr. Thomas
himself did not see the affidavit at that time,
did not know anything of the matter except
that he was taken by the marshal. He had
never seen the paper on the evidence here; he
did not even know for what he was arrested.
All he knew was that he was arrested for some-
thing or other ; whether it was for being at the
masquerade ball the night before, masked, or
what it was he could not tell; he does not pre-
tend to have told here in evidence; but when
he said to the President, " they have arrested
me"—for which of his virtues or for which of
Lis crimes nobody knew—he did not, he does
not say that he ever saw any paper in any
form ; but he simply went to the President and
told him "I am arrested." And what, then,
did the President say? "That is where I
want you to be, in court." I should have
thought he wanted liim anywhere else except
in the War Office ; and that is all the testimony
shows so far.
Now, they propose to putin Mr. Stanton's
affidavit. It is exceedingly good reading, gen-
tlemen of the Senate, and sets forth the case
with great luminousness. It shows the terror
and alarm ef the good citizens of the District
of Columbia when at night men who are known
to be men of constancy and steadfastness, men
representing important districts in Congress,
felt it was their duty to call upon the chief
justice of tho supreme court of this District
to interpose, felt that it, was their duty to call
i up the venerable clerk of that court in the dead
I of night to get a warrant, and felt that it was
1 their duty to take immediate means to prevent
the consummation of this crime. It shows the
terror and alarm which, the unauthorized, ille-
gal, and criminal acts of this respondent had
thrown this city into at that hour. Undoubt-
edly all that is in the affidavit; undoubtedly all
that can be shown; and then, thank God, we
have before the Senate and the people of
America^ this appeal to the laws by Mr. Stan-
ton, which this criminal respondent never
undertook, either before or since, although
furnished with all the panoply of legal attack
and defense in the Attorney General. He
never brought his quo warranto; he never
brought any process; ho never took any step
of himself, nor had he for a year.
All that will appear doubtless, and we should
be glad to have it in, provided it did not open
us into regions of unexplored and uncertain,
diffuse and improper evidence, opening entirely
new issues. If you are ready to go into it I
am; but I say it does not belong to this case.
I think we can make quite as much out of it
as they can, but it is no portion of this case.
It is not the act of the President; it has noth-
ing to do with the President; tne President
never saw these papers upon any evidence here;
and what Mr. Thomas did, and what Mr. Stan-
ton did, they themselves must stand by.
Mr. STANBERY. I believe our hour has
not expired, and I wish upon this matter to
address, Mr. Chief Justice, a few words to the
Senate.
Senators, there are two grounds upon which
we ask the admission of this testimony. First
:of all, there are already in evidence the decla-
rations of the President that he made this re-
moval to bring the question of that law to the
consideration of the courts. That is already
in evidence, and as to that the Managers say it
is all pretense, all a subterfuge.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Wherein evidence?
Mr. STANBERY. Among other things in
a place that I need not refer to now, the speech
of the honorable Manager who opened the
Mr. Manager BUTLER. If you will take
my speech as evidence I am very glad. That
is the best evidence.
Mr. STANBERY. Not, except as a last
resort, for anything. The gentleman has re-
peated that this is all pretense of asking to get
into the courts, that it is a subterfuge, an after-
thought, a mere scheme on tho part of the
President to avoid the consequences of an act
done with another intention than that. Again,
what sort of a case have the Managers at-
tempted to make against the President upon
his intentions with regard to the occupation of
the War Office by Thomas ? They have sought
to prove that the intentions of the President
were not to get it bylaw but to get it by intim-
idation, threats, and force; they have gone
into this themselves to show the intent of the
President, and how? They have given the
declarations of Thomas as to his purpose of
using threats, intimidation, or force, and claim
that those declarations bind the President, and
you, Senators, have admitted them against the
President. The mere declarations of Thomas
as to his intention to enter the office by force
and intimidation are to be considered the dec-
larations of the President, and as evidence of
his intent. Oh! say the gentlemen, that thing
was stopped by this prosecution; the prompt
arrest of General Thomas next morning was
the only thing that defeated the accomplish-
ment of the purpose that was in the mind of
the President and in the mind of General
Thomas.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I did not say so.
Thomas said so.
Mr. STANBERY. Thomas said so! The
Senate will bear me witness who said so, who
called that a subterfuge, and who called that
a pretense! We wish to show what was this
Sroceeding got up at midnight, as the learned
[anager says, in view of a great crime just
committed or about to be committed; got up
under the most pressing necessity, with a
judge, as we will show, summoned from his
bed at an early hour on that winter morning,
