1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the appropriation "for expenses of removal
and subsistence of Indians, not parties to any
treaty, in Oregon and Washington Territory,
and for pay of necessary employes, $50,000."
That was stricken out in the other House.
That appropriation has been made heretofore
for the subsistence of Indians with whom no
treaties had been confirmed, and one half of
the amount, $25,000, has gone to the support
of one Indian agency principally, the agency
from which I received this letter. The con-
ference committee have inserted $'20,000 in-
stead of $50,000, thus allowing only $10,000
for this agency, with between two thousand
eight hundred and three thousand Indians, or,
perhaps, a larger number, because there are
probably some at Klamath lake, to which it
applies, which I did not mention before the
conference committee. I will read the letter
which I have received from this Indian agent :
"Your letter of May SO. is received and read with
great interest. I confess I am very much surprised
at the course pursued by the House in reference to
our Indian appropriations in Oregon. While I fully
appreciate tlie necessity of retrenchment in Govern-
ment expenditures, I am e3ually aware of the im-
propriety of attempting it in the direction referred
to. You are correct as stated in your letter thatthe
amount stricken from the appropriation is the prin-
cipal fund out of which I pay my employes; in fact
the agency cannot be run without it. X presume of
course it will or has been reinstated in the bill. I
sent a dispatch inquiring whether it had passed or
not, as I should of course have to stop opeiations
and discharge my employes. I have received no
reply. Now, just think for a moment of the result
of such a course. The Indians of co arse would leave
and go into the mountains and renew their old cus-
toms of stealing and killing. Then we would havo
another war that would likely cost $500,000 besides
the loss of many lives. I am confident that if the
Siletz and Alsea Indians were turned loose that wo
would have serious trouble with them inside of
ninety days. If they are kept where they are and
treated half right for afew years more they can tako
care of themselves in a great measure."
I submit this letter to the Senate, as I con-
sider it my duty to do. Not far from this
agency there was formerly established a mil-
itary post for keeping these Indians in subjec-
tion. They were some of the most warlike
people on the Pacific coast, and the war with
them cost about five million dollars. They are
supported now upon this agency at an annual
expense of less than twenty-five thousand dol-
lars, because a portion of that sum goes to
other Indians. If you refuse to appropriate
that you will force the agent to give up this
reservation and turn the Indians loose upon
the whites, which will probably involve us in
war at an expense of perhaps a million of dol-
lars. I submit this to the Senate that they
may take such action as they think best.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will state in a few
words that there has been a reduction of the
appropriations west of the mountains, but,
perhaps, not to the extent thought by the Sen-
ator from California, [Mr. Cole.] I objected
to that reduction. The principal reduction
made in the bill is for current and contingent
expenses in the different Territories and States
west of the mountains. I thought that it was
bad policy to do that, but I was overruled in
the committee. I can appreciate very well
the remarks made by the Senator from Oregon
and the Senator from California; but if they
■will examine the bill they will find that the
reduction is very small. It does not amount
to much. The objection, if any, that I have
to the report is that it has cut down the appro-
priations in small particulars where I thought
it was very bad policy to do so; for instance,
in the wages of teachers, of millers, of engi-
neers, &e. I believe that those persons can-
not be employed at the prices fixed in the
report.
1 will state, however, that the report, as it
now comes in, appropriates equally as large
an amount, if not a larger amount, than the
bill did when it went to the committee of con-
fcrcncs.
Mr. CORBETT. Not to the Pacific coast.
Mr. HENDERSON. No; but generally. !
Since the bill was sent to the committee of
conference, we received information from the
peace commission in regard to the treaty con-
cluded with the Sioux Indians, twenty-five or
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 268.
thirty thousand of them upon Powder river,
and the Crow Indians, and the Banuocks and
others of Idaho, contemplating a removal, and
fixing them upon the Missouri river, where it
is supposed they will be able to cultivate the
land and make a living for themselves; and
hence it became necessary to make a large
appropriation under the advice of the Indian
peace commission. I believe it will prove to
be the very best possible appropriation that can
be made. It has become necessary to make
this large appropriation in order to keep peace
upon the Powder river, and in Montana and
Idaho. It is true that in reference to the west-
ern slope heretofore the Indians have been
peaceable; they have not given us much trouble
in warlike operations against the whites, and
Indian affairs in California and in Oregon have
been very well managed. We have been for-
tunate in getting good agents and good super-
intendents, and the management of affairs there
has been better than it has been east of the
Rocky mountains. That is nay impression
from a careful examination of the whole sub-
ject, and I regret very much that the appro-
priations in the West are reduced. They are
also reduced in small matters in the East.
I beg to suggest further to Senators from the
West that it will be better to adopt the report
as it is. I have sympathized with their views
upon the subject, as the Senate very well knows.
I do not believe that it is good policy to expend
eighteen or twenty million dollars in the War
Department instead of expending four or five
hundred thousand dollars in the civil depart-
ment of the Government. I know there is a
great deal of prejudice against the administra-
tion of affairs in the Interior Department. It
may be corrupt, or it may not be. It is asserted
to be corrupt, but I have found no evidence
of this alleged corruption, and it has been my
duty to give some attention to it. Although I
have heard it stated over and over again, I
have been utterly unable to discover it. vlfl
could, no man would be more willing than
myself to root it out, and I should be very far
from granting any appropriation whatever to
pass into its hands.
I know that it has been said that the com-
mittee in their report reflect upon the Interior
Department by putting the appropriation for
the removal of the Sioux in the hands of Gen-
eral Sherman. Without iutending to reflect
upou the Department in any way, we thought
that if the removal was made at all it must be
made by the military, and we simply meant to
say that General Sherman can do this thing
better than the Interior Department. That
was the opinion of each and every member of
the committee, without intending by that action
to reflect at all upon the entire Department.
Some other appropriations have been stricken
off in the shape of deficiencies. Those appro-
priations will have to be made hereafter on
other bills, at the next session, probably. I
suppose that in a great many instances where
appropriations have been stricken off we have
not rid ourselves of them, but at another ses-
sion, or upon a deficiency bill at the present
session, we shall be compelled to appropriate
for them.
Now, Mr. President, inasmuch as there is
but a short time between this and the next
session, I suggest to my friends that it will be
better in this warm weather to let the bill pass
through, and provide at the comirg session of
Congress for the difficulties which they pre-
sent. It can be done at an early period of
the session, and I promise them, so far as 1
am concerned, to give it early attention. I
think the appropriation here made will save us
from the difficulties contemplated on their part
until the beginning of the next session of Con-
gress, and perhaps it would be a great deal
better to let the bill pass as it is, and not now
to disagree with this report, and undertake to
get a better one.
Mr RAMSEY. Among the other extraor-
dinary provisionsofthe reportof this committee
of conference, in addition to placing the charge
ofthc western Sioux with ageneralofthe Army,
and devolving on him the expenditure of a large
fund which is to be placed entirely in his control,
the Sioux of the East are to be placed in charge
of a bishop of the Episcopal Church. Civilians
seem to be entirely in the vocative in the judg-
ment of this conference committee. I believe
the officers who have charge of the Sioux at
Lake Traverse and Devil's lake are honest
men. ^ Certainly they are men of very large
experience in the management of Indians, and
the fund for the removal is a trifling thing.
We acquired from those Indians the use of au
immense tract of country, and agreed to pro-
vide liberally for them in the treaty which was
negotiated ; but the Government said to them,
'"No; trust to the magnanimity of tliis Gov-
vernment; do not provide specifically for what
you shall have from year to year; but the Gov-
ernment knows your wants and will provide
for them liberally." That occurred eighteen
months ago, and from that day to this those
Indians have not received one cent. They
believed the plausible tale you told them that
you would provide for them liberally, and they
relied upon it and adopted your amendments
to the treaty ; and yet for eighteen months you
have sot done a thing for them. In the midst
of the extreme cold of last winter, when they
were starving and freezing, I appealed to the
Senate on their behalf, and at the last moment
compromised upon an appropriation of $20,000
for them, but the House of Representatives
would not agree to give them a cent. That is
the way you manage Indian affairs, and now
in this bill of yours you make some trifling
appropriation for them—I do not know what it
is—-and instead of leaving it in charge of those
who have knowledge of these Indians and
their wants and their habits and their pecu-
liarities you take it away from them and give
it to a bishop of the church.
Mr. CONKLING. The best man there is
for the purpose.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator says he is the
best man. I have a very high respect for
Bishop Whipple, but there are many good men
in Minnesota, though it is a new State, and
these little distinctions are very invidious.
Why not give the expenditure of this fund to
Bishop Grace, of the Catholic church, who is
alarge-minded man, a man of great experience,
whose followers among the Indians probably
are ten times as many as those of the other
bishop. I should think this matter would not
be entirely acceptable to Bishop Whipple him-
self. I should think he would not like to be
put in this position of being selected among all
the religionists of Minnesota to take charge of
this fund. He is a good man, an excellent
man ; I feel great friendship for him ; but I do
not like to see these invidious discriminations
made by the committee in regard to the reli-
gionists of that State or any other State.
Mr. CONKLING. I desire to explain to
the Senator my remark as to Bishop Whipple.
I have only to say that he has given such
unwearied attention to this subject, he has
thought so much, he has written so much, he
has done so much creditable to him that there
is nothing invidious in saying that he, more
than other prelates or clergymen, is a good
man for this purpose.
Mr. HENDERSON. With the permission
of the Senator from Minnesota, I will state in
reference to that matter what I intended to
state when I was up before the reason for this
action of the committee. Two years ago we
appropriated precisely the amount estimated
by the agent, Mr. Thompson, for the removal
of those Indians, and subsisting them for six
months on their new reservation. He estimated
the number of the Indians and the cost of
the removal, and we appropriated the exact
amount according to that estimate. I was then
upon the committee, and caused the appropri-
ation to be made. The agent who made that
estimate now reports to us that he has removed
only eleven hundred Indians, and that there
are nearly two thousand yet to be removed;
and that the entire amount which he estimated
for and which we appropriated has been ex-
