1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
newspapers printed in each State, specifying
that electors of the President and Vice Presi-
dent of the United States shall be appointed in
the several States on the Tuesday next after
the first Monday in the month of November
next ensuing, the Tuesday next after the first
Monday in which shall not be less than sixty
days after the occurring of both of said vacan-
cies, at whieh time the electors shall accord-
ingly be appointed. The said electors, when
appointed, shall meet and give their votes for
President and Vice President of the United
States on the first Wednesday of December
then next ensuing, and the proceedings and
duties of the said electors and of others shall
be pursuant to the directions of the Constitu-
tion and laws of the United States respecting
the election of President and Vice President
of the United States; and the persons so chosen
to be President and Vice President of the Uni-
ted States shall hold said offices for the term
of four years, to commence on the 4th day of
March then next ensuing. Whenever electors
of President and Vice President of the United
States shall be appointed as provided for by
this section, on account of those offices having
both become vacant, subsequent appointments
of such electors shall be made the Tuesday fol-
lowing the first Monday in November in each
fourth year thereafter.
The bill was referred to the Committee oil
the Judiciary.
pensions.
Mr. CHURCHILL also introduced a hill
(H. II. No. 988) supplementary to the several
acts relating to pensions; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, and ordered to be
printed.
leave of absence.
Mr. TAFFE osked and obtained leave of
absence for two weeks.
Mr. FARNSWORTH also asked and
obtained leave of absence for two weeks._
Mr. BEAMAN asked and obtained indefinite
leave of absence..
quartermaster's department.
On motion of Mr. GARFIELD, by unani-
mous consent, it was ordered that the com-
munication from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting, in compliance with the acts of April
21, 1808, and July 17, 1862, statements of the
contracts made by the Quartermaster's Depart-
ment during February, 1808, be printed.
•constitutional amendment new jersey.
Mr. HAIGHT presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of the State of New Jersey,
" withdrawing the consent of that State to the
proposed amendment to the Constitution of
the United States, entitled article fourteen, and
rescinding the joint resolution approved
September 11, A. D. 1862, whereby it was
resolved that said proposed amendment was
ratified by the Legislature of the State."
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for the reading
of this resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
the call for the reading of this document will
be withdrawn. It will consume a large part
of the morning hour and prevent the intro-
duction of bills by other gentlemen.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The resolution is not
long. It will not take any great length of
time to read it, or, if it should. I will not insist
on the continuance of the reading.
The Clerk proceeded to read the joint reso-
lution, but was interrupted by
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, who ob-
jected to the resolution being received.
The SPEAKER. It is too late, as the read-
ins has commenced.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, I did not
know what it was.
Mr. HAIGHT. Let it be read, and if there
is any objection to it it may be considered
afterward.
The Clerk continued the reading, and was
again interrupted by
Mr. WASHBUIiNE. of Illinois, who in-
40th Co\(i. 2d Sess.—No. 140.
quired if a motion would be in order to return
Uie resolution to the New Jersey Legislature?
The SPEAKER. It would not, because all
papers presented in the morning hour of Mon-
day must, under the rules, be referred to some
committee without debate.-
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will withdraw the call
for the reading of the resolution provided it
may be printed in the Globe.
The SPEAKER. It may as well be read,
because in a very few moments it will be half
past twelve o'clock, when the House will have
to resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole and proceed to the bar of the Senate.
Mr. PILE. Let it-be read, and then I will
object to the printing.
The Clerk resumed the reading, and was again
interrupted by
Mr. BOUTWELL, who raised the question
of order that the paper was not respectful to
the House, referring particularly to the last
sentence read.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman has no
right to interrupt the reading.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that the
paper must be read and referred without de-
bate. Any question in regard to its reception
or its character cannot be settled at this time.
The Clerk resumed the reading until inter-
rupted by
The SPEAKER, who said: The hour of
half-past twelve o'clock has now arrived, and
the House resolves itself into the Committee
of the Whole, according to order, to proceed
to the bar of the Senate, following the mana-
gers and preceded by the chairman of the
Committee of the Whole, who will be attended
by the Clerk and acting Doorkeeper.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole, in obedience
to the order, and proceeded to the bar of the
Senate.
At four o'clock and twenty-five minutes p.
m. the Committee of the Whole returned to
the Hall, and the Speaker having resumed the
chair,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, made tlie
following report: The Committee of the Whole
have, according to order, attended the man-
agers to the bar of the Senate, sitting as a
court of impeachment for the trial of Andrew
Johnson ; progress has been made in the trial,
and the Senate sitting as a court of impeach-
ment has adjourned until twelve o'clock to-
morrow.
hour of meeting to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman sug-
gest any time for meeting to-morrow?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest
that we meet at a quarter before twelve—time
enough to have the Journal read.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the House will meet
at eleven o'clock.
Mr. SCHENCK. I feel constrained to state
to the House that the committee of conference
on the bill relieving manufactures from tax
agreed this morning to a report which has been
presented to the Senate, and the chairman of
the Committee on Finance in the Senate in-
formed me that they proposed to take it up
now, immediately after having gone into legis-
lative session, and hoped to dispose ot the re-
port of the committee of conference and agree
to it this evening. I trust, therefore, as the
bill is to go into effect on the 1st of April, if
it becomes a law, that we will meet early to-
morrow, afc leant at eleven o'clock, if not halt
past ten, so that the report may be made here
and acted on.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the House meet
at eleven o'clock to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. That requires unanimous
consent or a suspension of the rules.
Mr. KERR. I object.
Mr. SCHENCK. Is it in order now to move
to suspend the rules? I believe there is a mo-
tion pending.
The SPEAKER. The resolution presented
! by the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr.
' IIaight] was being read when the House went
in the Committee of the Whole to the bar of
the Senate.
Mr. SCHENCK. I give notice, then, that
when that is disposed of I will move to suspend
the rules that the House may meet at half past
ten o'clock to-morrow. I hope that all who
are interested in the question of the tax on
manufactures remain here.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order. The gentleman cannot interrupt the
reading of the resolution presented by the gen-
tleman from New Jersey [Mr. Haight] to give
any notice or for any other purpose.
The "SPEAKER. The Chair, on consider-
ing the subject, will rule that as the morning
hour on Monday, unlike the other morning
hours, expires at exactly one hour after the
Journal is read, the morning hour has expired
and the reading of the resolution presented by
the gentleman from New Jersey goes over
until Monday next.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I 1
desire to move a resolution in regard to the
paper presented by the gentleman from New
Jersey.
Mr. BANKS. Let us settle the question of
adjournment first.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will inform
the gentleman from Illinois that the resolution
to which lie alludes is not yet before the House.
The reading of it has not been completed and
it goes over until Monday next.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to suspend the
rules so as to order that the House shall meet
to:morrow at half past ten o'clock.
Mr. ROSS. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
18, noes 74—not one fifth voting in the affirm-
ative.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for tellers on the
yeas and nays.
The question was put; and eighteen voted
in the affirmative.
Tellers are not ordered.
Is not that enough for
The SPEAKER.
Mr. ELDRIDGE.
tellers?
The SPEAKER.
It requires one fifth of a
quorum absolutely to order tellers, and that is
now twenty as a quorum of ninety-six. lellers
are not ordered, and the yeas and nays are not
ordered.
The question was taken; and the House
refused to adjourn.
The question recurred on Mr. Schenck: s
motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the gentleman will
make a general motion to suspend the rules,
so that we can fix the time for meeting here-
after. If the Senate meets every day at twelve
o'clock for the impeachment trial the House
ought to meet earlier.
Mr. SCHENCK. I prefer to limit my motion
to the one day. I want it understood that all
this filibustering is to prevent the speedy pas-
sage of a bill to relieve manufactures from
taxation.
Mr. ROSS. I want it understood that it is
because we are hungry and want our dinners.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I want it understood
that if the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. sciiexck]
wanted to lelieve the laborers we would go
with him.
Mr. SCHENCK. Oh! yes; we understand.
The question was then taken upon suspend-
ing the rules and ordering that the House shall
meet to-morrow at half past ten o'clock a. m.,
and (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended, and it was ordered
accordingly.
constitutional amendment new jersey.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to move that the rules be suspended for the
purpose of directing the return to the member
who presented it, of the paper purporting^ to
be a resolution of the Legislature of New
Jersey. .
Mr. HAIGHT. I suppose the Chair
has
