1202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
serious consequences. But, besides that, we
stand toward these republics in Central and
South. America in the relation of a guardian.
It is true that the condition of these countries
at times and our relations with them continu-
ously may call for the withdrawal of our min-
ister for the very excellent reason, as suggested
in a former debate on this question, that it
would take a whole presidential term to find
the seat of Government. Bat those are cases
not likely to occur hereafter. In view of the
necessity of strengthening these States of Cen-
tral and South America 1 certainly must enter
my protest, with all deference' to the com-
mittee which is charged with this special mat-
ter, and urge the necessity of continuing to
strengthen ourselves with those nations which
belong more strictly to our family as republican
States or States which adhere to the principles
at least, if not directly, indirectly of a demo-
cratic system of government. It is our duty,
as the representatives of European civilization
upon the continent of North and South Amer-
ica, to sustain those States that are weak at all
hazards and maintain our supremacy in the
administration of their foreign affairs, or at
least our interest in the control of their foreign
relations with Europe.
The course of Great Britain in this respect
Is wise and worthy of imitation. Her relations
with the most insignificant States not only in
South America but Central America become
a source of great national wealth, and open
up to the manufacturing interest of that coun
try new markets in those countries. The
necessity, therefore, of withdrawing our diplo-
matic relations from this neighbor of ours, in
order to extend our relations with a remote
Power, is to me not at all apparent. I think
it is the duty of this House to leave Ecuador
in this bill; and if the Committee on Foreign
Affairs feel that it is proper, in view of tlie
fact that the king of Greece has sent a minis-
ter here, to return the compliment, or if they
think our commercial relations with the island
of Crete and the interests of our citizens in
that island demand that we should have them
protected by a mission in Greece, let the gen-
tleman have the boldness to appeal to this
House for an appropriation in that direction,
and I doubt not it will be granted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, let
us vote on it.
Mr. CHANLER. «J'ery well; as the gentle-
man in charge seemfno desire a vote, I ho[>e
he will vote to sustain my position, and that his
influence will carry it.
Mr. BUTLER. 1 was so unfortunate as not
to understand the amendment of the gentle-
man.
Mr. CHANLER. It is to put on Greece
and let it slide. [Laughter. ]
Mr. BUTLER. I modify my amendment
so as to move to insert after the word " Tur-
key " the word "Greece," audi will follow
that up with another amendment.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Washbukne] said he would only
insist on half an hour's work. The half hour
has expired, and I hope the committee will rise.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I said that
in order to induce the gentleman from Wis-
consin to withdraw his motion to adjourn, and
he declined to withdraw it. But as members
are evidently impatient I move that the com-
mittee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr.
Dawes having taken the chair, as Speaker pro
tempore, Mr. Welker reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had under considera-
tion the state of the Union generally and par-
ticularly bill of the House No. 718, making
appropriations for the consular and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing 00th of June, 1869, and for other purposes,
and had come to no conclusion thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. SPALDING,
(atfour o'clock and four minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of Federal
officers, members of the Legislature, and citi-
zens of Dakota Territory, relative to setting
apart of a portion of said Territory as an Indian
reservation.
By Mr. BALDWIN: The petition of J. H.
Nelson and others, of Shrewsbury, Massachu-
setts, for a reduction of taxes on manufac-
tures.
Also, a petition of citizens of Massachusetts,
for a reduction of expenses and taxes.
Also, the petition of Erastus Thompson and
others, of Hopkinton, Massachusetts, for a
reduction of taxes on manufactures.
Also, a petition of citizens of Hopkinton,
Massachusetts, for a reform in the method of
making appointments to the civil service.
By Mr. BROMWELL: The petition of John
Boyle, James A. Edds, and 96 others, citizens
of Edgar comity, Illinois, praying for retrench-
ment in the public expenditures.
By Mr. CHANLER: A petition of certain
mahogany dealers of the city of New York, for
the repeal of the income tax.
By Mr. COVODE: The petition of Petto
McGough, for relief.
By Mr. ELIOT : The petition of Edward L.
Baker and Charles B. Perkins, and 31 others,
tax-payers and producers of the United States,
praying for reduction of taxes and of expenses.
By Mr. FliRRISS : The application of John
Huestis, for bounty allowed to reenlisted vet-
erans under act of Congress of 18G3.
Also, a similar application of Benjamin F.
Hall.
By Mr. _ HOOPER, of Massachusetts! A
petition of merchants and others, of Boston,
for a law to legalize written contracts for the
payment of gold coin.
By Mr. PIKE: A memorial of the Governor
and council and Legislature of Maine, in favor
of restoring Commander Cilley to the active list
of the Navy.
Also, the petition of Eugenetlaleand others,
for an appropriation to improve Union river,
Maine.
Also, the protest of D. L. Braine and others,
against the passage of naval insurance bill.
By Mr. ROBERTSON: The memorial of
Charles W. Whitney, for relief in building
the iron-clad battery Keokuk twenty-five per
cent, larger than agreed upon when price was
named, and for which no compensation has
been paid.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana: The
petition of officers of the Army during the late
war, now residing at Worcester, Massachu-
setts, against the passage of Senate bill depriv-
ing them of pay now due.
IN SENATE.
Mosdai-, February 17, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
senator from maryland.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will inform the Senate that he has received
this morning from the Senator from Maryland
[Mr. Johnson J a communication stating" that
he is too unwell to be here to day, and while
he does not wish to arrest the debate upon the
question of his colleague's right to a seat,
when it shall come up at one o'clock, he
would like to have the vote postponed so that
he can close the debate to-morrow. That is
the request which he desired me to state to
the Senate.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
memorial of the constitutional convention of
Virginia, in favor of the removal or reduction
of the tax on tobacco; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.,
He also presented a memorial of J, M. Miller,
in relation to an improvement in steam engines;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. DIXON. I present the petition of
Major General Horatio G. Wright, _ Major
General George W. Getty, Major General
Truman Seymour, and Major General Frank
Wheaton, and as the petition is brief I will
read it:
To the Senate and House of Representative*
of the United States :
Wo, your petitioners, a committee charged by die
sixth corps of the Army of the Potomac with the
completion of a monument, in bronze, to the mem-
ory of its commander, the lato Major General John
Sedgwick, United States volunteers, who was killed
in battle at, Spottsylvania, Virginia, respectfully ask
that your honorable body will empower and direct
the Secretary of War to place in their charge, and for
this solo use and purpose, sufficient of the bronze
cannon, (not to exceed three,) preferably of those
captured by the sixth corps in battle, to construct the
statue designed to perpetuate the memory of -Major
General Sedgwick. And your petitioners. &c.
In presenting this petition I ask leave briefly
to state the circumstances under which it is
offered.
Major General Sedgwick, as every member
of the Senate must remember, was killed at
Spottsylvania on the 9th of May, 1864. The
surviving officers of the sixth Army corps, of
which at the time of his death lie was in com-
mand, have raised by subscription among them-
selves the sum of $10,000 for the erection of a
statue to the memory of their beloved and
illustrious commander. By their contract with
the artist employed the statue is to be placed
in position for this sum, the metal for the
same to be supplied by the subscribers, and
any excess of funds to be applied to embellish-
ing the base on which the statue is to stand.
It was the wish of those interested in this hon-
orable and patriotic tribute to the memory of
General Sedgwick that the statue should be
cast from cannon captured by tlie sixth corps,
of which between twenty and thirty were taken
on the 2d of April, 1864; but as it may be
impracticable at this time to distinguish cap-
tures by the different Army corps the petition
only expresses a preference in this regard.
I would further state that the modeling of the
statue is nearly completed, and the artist will
bg ready to commence the casting in two or
three weeks. It is therefore important that
early action should be had upon the petition.
That Congress will cheerfully aid the brave
officers of the sixth corps in their generous
purpose cannot be doubted. I move the refer-
ence of the petition to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING presented resolutions
adopted at a_ mass meeting of citizens of Troy,
New York, in relation to the rights of Ameri-
can citizens in foreign countries ; which were
referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
^ Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of
citizens of Michigan, praying that officers' pay
be allowed to enlisted men while they per-
formed the duties of officers; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
He also presented a petition of Nelson A.
Miles, praying the removal of the political dis-
abilities imposed upon ex-Governor W. W.
Holden, of North Carolina, by the reconstruc-
tion acts of Congress: which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Michigan, praying that §1.000 be granted to
Greenburg Hodge, a colored citizen of De-
troit, for valuable services to liis country dur-
ing the rebellion; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented a petition of late officers
of the fifteenth regimeut Michigan volunteers,
praying that a pension bo granted to John
Haley, late a private in company G in that
regiment; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a memorial of
Clement Wetle, praying for damages for dep-
redations by the Sioux Indians in 1861; which
