4274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July-21,
perided. That is the condition of the thing.
There are nineteen hundred and sixty-six In-
dians to be removed, and the amount esti-
mated for and appropriated has been entirely
expended.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator is confound-
ing the Chippewas with the Sioux.
Mr. HENDERSON. No, sir; I am not.
Mr. RAMSEY. No estimate was made for
the removal of the Sioux at Devil's Lake and
Traverse Lake.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am speaking of the
Indians of whom Mr. Thompson is the agent.
He is the agent of these Indians, is he not?
Mr._ Bassett still retains control of his own
Indians.
Mr. RAMSEY. The nineteen hundred the
Senator speaks of were Chippewas. We have
never made any appropriation at all for the
removal of the Sioux.
Mr. HENDERSON. Of course not; but it
is the Indians in the charge or Mr. Benjamin
Thompson that we now propose to put under
the management and control of Bishop Whip-
ple. I am satisfied that what I have stated in
reference to that matter is correct. Mr.Thomp-
son made his own estimate for the cost and
expense of the removal, and having failed to
do the work according to his undertaking, it
was supposed hy the committee that Bishop
Whipple would carry it out.
Mr. HOWE. I see the Senate is impatient
for a vote and I shall delay a vote but a short
time. I did not intend to say a word upon
this report; but there have been several com-
plaints alleged against it already, and to a
certain extent they seem to be indorsed by a
member of the committee, the honorable Sen-
ator from Missouri, and I must plead that as
my excuse for saying a few things.
The pending motion is that of the Senator
from California to print. I think he and the
Senator from Oregon have shown the Senate
conclusively that there is no necessity for
printing the report; that they know all about
it or all they carc to know about it; and every
other Senator who has participated in this dis-
cussion seems to be well informed as to the
state of the report. Then there is 110 necessity
for printing it.
The great complaint urged by the Senator
from California is that there is not an equal
distribution of funds between the two sections
of the country, between that bordering 011 the
Pacific and that on this side of the mountains.
Ho has taken the pains to give us the figures
showing how much is appropriated to the sup-
port of the Indians west of the mountains and
how much to those on this side, and he finds out
that the largest amount is appropriated to those
on this side. That is so. He says these large
appropriations are made on this side of the
mountains upon the'shallow pretext—that was
his language—of complying with treaty stipu-
lations. Now, Mr. President, I have misun-
derstood the character of the Senator from
California very much if he means really to be
understood as calling the compliance with a
positive national stipulation a shallow pretext.
I think it is something more than that, very
much more than that. Why, sir, we have
agreed to pay these specific sums of money,
and so we pay them, not upon shallow pretext,
hut wo so pay them to save the national honor;
and I think it is as essential to the national
peace to do what we have agreed to do this side
of the mountains as it is to do what we never
agreed to do the other side of the mountains.
Mr. COLE. The Senator will permit me to
interrupt him for a moment. Is there any
greater obligation existing to take care of the
Indians that are treated with than of those who
have been deprived of their property, their
lands, their means of living, their hunting
grounds and fishing grounds, with whom there
am no treaties? Is the obligation greater in
the one case thanin the other? If so, I do not
see it.
Mr. IIOWE. The Senator must remembet
two or three things so far as the public domain
is concerned in the eastern portion of the
country. We have always conceded that the
right of occupation was in the Indians, and we
have proceeded to get possession of it by ne-
gotiation and purchase, and what we have
agreed to pay we have paid. The territory of
which the Senator speaks is the territory we
purchased in fee from another Power and paid
that other Power for it, and having paid once
for it we do not see the obligation very clearly
of paying another party.
But the Senator says that these Indians had
possessions, cultivations; they had vines,
fields, and White populations have moved upon
them and driven the Indians off, and now he
calls upon the United States to pay the In-
dians, as I understand him, for what his own
citizens have plundered from them.
Mr. COLE. No, sir; to take care of them,
since the Government has suffered them to be
so outraged.
Mr. HOWE. Take care of them since the
citizens of his own State have plundered them
and made them poor. That 1 understand to
be his logic ; we must take care of them and
support them. That is a little difficult to do.
The measure of their necessities we cannot
always clearly understand. The Senator un-
doubtedly is correct in saying that those who
live on that coast understand them better than
we can. That is not unnatural. He com-
plains a little that no Senator from the Pacific
coast was 011 the committee. Well, it is true
it so happened in making up the committee
that there was no Senator from that region on
the committee ; but the Senator, I think, must
be aware that while 110 member of the Senate
from that coast was upon the committee there
weie three Senators from the Pacific coast
before the committee, and we had an oppor-
tunity to be told all that they cared to tell us.
Mr. COLE. And the Senator is aware, too,
that the committee utterly disregarded all the
representations of the three Senators from the
Pacific coast who had appeared before the
committee.
Mr. HOWE. I think my honorable friend
does the committee great injustice in saying
that they " utterly disregarded" 
Mi\ COLE. 1 do not intend to do injustice.
I will say, then, that they generally disregarded
all the suggestions those Senators made.
Mr. IIOWE. We didnotexactly conform—
I guess the Senator had better let it rest upon
that—we did not exactly conform to the advice
given us by them 011 these subjects, though we
had the utmost iespect for it.
Mr. COLE. I will not change my phrase-
ology.
Mr. HOWE. But there was no advantage
taken if our judgments did not happen to con-
form with theirs. That may be the misfortune
of the country, or it may not be any misfortune
to the country. We cannot tell about that.
The point I make is that there was no dis-
position to take advantage of that section of
the country.
Mr. President, the large disbursementswhich
are made on this side are occasioned by two
considerations : first,, we have the whole ex-
pense of tlie Indian service to provide for.
The salaries of all the officers, East and West,
come out of the appropriations which the Sen-
ator charges to the eastern service. Second,
there is the compliance with our positive obli-
gations, the redemption of our unqualified
promises. Wc have done these two things.
Beyond that, I think there are not $50,000 in
this bill appropriated this side of the mount-
ains; there are not $50,000 appropriated in
this bill for the purpose of keeping the peace,
as the Senator calls it, or for the purpose of
merely administering to poverty or necessity.
That is my impression, though I have not footed
up the figures. Beyond the mountains the
great bulk of the appropriations are made to
those to whom we are under the obligation of
no promise whatever. They are charitible
dispensations in the main made there. I think
that is doing pretty well; and I do not think-
there is any disposition on the part of either of
the committees or of either of the two Houses
to be niggardly in their appropriations. We
know that the necessity is upon us ;. we have
got to make provision in some way; and I
have been painfully impressed with the fact
that almost every man over there in the Indian
service appeals to Congress with a tomahawk
in his hand. The uniform argument is, "You
must give us so much of money, or there is a
fight." That is the appeal addressed to us
from every quarter. Not "we have promised
to pay it; " but "if you do not pay, you will
have an Indian war."
Mr. CORBETT. Does the Senator pretend
to say that with the Indians in Oregon there
are no treaty stipulations, and that the same
rnle does not apply to the Indians in Washing-
ton and Idaho as applies to those on this side?
The white people went there from this side,
and acquired that country, and kept it from
going into the hands of Great Britain. They
have taken the same ground with the Indians
there that the Senator speaks of, and have
purchased the rights of the Indians as you
have done on this side. So far as California is
concerned it may be different; but I speak now
particularly of Oregon and Washington and
Idaho Territories.
Mr. HOWE. So far as we have treaties
there, we meet their obligations just as we do
011 this side.
Mr. CORBETT. There are treaties with
those Indians thatl have named, and they were
movad upon the reservations in conformity
with the treaty. The Government, however,
never ratified the treaty, and they have been
living there since by virtue of an annual appro-
priation made for supporting them. Now you
refuse to ratify the treaty, and you refuse to
make the appropriation to sustain them and
keep them on the reservation, and so you will
turn them loose. There is one party here op-
posed to any treaties, and anotner party opposed
to making appropriations unless in cases where
there is a treaty, so that it cuts both ways.
Mr. HOWE. I think the Senator is a little
mistaken as to the position of the Govern-
ment. He says we made a treaty with some of
these tribes and have refused to ratify it. We
made a treaty, and we assigned to them a res-
ervation and agreed to certain expenditures for
them. If the Senate refused to ratify that
treaty, I do not know the fact. Mv impression
is that the Senate never was asked to ratify it.
My impression is the people of Oregon them-
selves did not want it ratified ; but I do not
know how the fact is.
Mr. CORBETT. It was made in 1855. I
do not know why it has not been ratified ; but
I understand from the reports that there have
been appeals^ made by each superintendent to
have it ratified or some steps taken in the
premises.
Mr. HOWE. Does the Senator understand
that the Senate has ever refused to ratify it?
Mr. COliBEfr. 1 understand so ; but I
only have this information from the reports and
the constant recommendations of <the superin-
tendents.
Mr. POMEROY. It has never been re-
ported to the Senate from the committee.
Mr. CORBErr. It was a treaty made by
General Palmer in 18-55. I had a printed copy
of it here yesterday.
Mr. HOWE. I have no doubt the Senator
had a printed copy 01 the treaty, but that would
not show that the Senate ever refused to ratify
it unless it so stated on it. My understanding
is that the Senate could not have refused to
ratify it, because I do understand the Indians
have received every advantage which that treaty
stipulated to them, with the exception thatoue
portion of the reservation which was set aside
for their occupation was recently taken away
from them by the people of Oregon. They
entered into possession of it, and the President
has authorized it to be sold, and iu this bill we
have made an appropriation to compensate the
Indians for it. What objection we could have
to ratifying the treaty 1 cannot conceive, inas-
much a,'> we consented to let them have every
advantage that the treaty gave them.
