1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3251
and alcohol when it comes out, or water.
Two months ago I was in New York, and I
met an old acquaintance of mine, a captain of
a vessel, who said he was just in from Austra-
lia. I asked him what his cargo was. He said
he supposed he carried out two thousand bar-
rels of whisky, but wfien he got there and went
to get his consul's certificate he found that he
had carried two thousand barrels of water. I
expect that will be about the way this New
England rum will be transported: it will be
water when it gets to Africa. In this process
of being transported from one place to another,
it will become alcohol first, Santa Cruz next,
New England rum next, and all be back in the
shape of whisky in the city of New York.
Now, sir, I feel kindly toward these gentle-
men who want to export it out of the country.
I think they are doing a great favor to the
public! But, sir, it is not going out. The old
trade in New England rum-and slaves in Mas-
sachusetts is not quite done away with yet. I
do not understand this African trade; there is
an Australian .trade carried on in the manner
that I have stated ; there is a Gulf of Mexico
trade to Matamoras. All this article disap-
pears, and nothing comes into the Treasury of
the United States. I think the experience of
the Senate will bear me out when I say that
these bonds have been the fruitful source of all
the frauds upon the Government. Here we
see a redistillation bond mentioned. I should
like to inquire of the Senator from New York
what kind of alcohol they make out .of run
that is redistilled.
Mr. MORGAN. I do not know.
Mr. NYE. That is in the bill. The hon-
orable Senator from Ohio may possibly be more
familiar with the subject than my friend from
New York, and may be able to tell me what
redistilled rum would be.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; I cannot. When-
ever I have seen rum I have always seen it in
the raw state. [Laughter.]
Mr. NYE. 1 appeal to my friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] if he knows what
redistilled rum is.
Mr. WILSON. No; I know what cold
water is. [Laughter.]
Mr. NYE. That is the best thing; and that
is what this will turn out to be—water, not
cold, but warm. [Laughter.] I will inquire
of any Senator what kind of rum is it that is
redistilled'!
Mr. SHERMAN. I imagine that that term
applies only to alcohol.
Mr. NYE. I understand that is stricken out.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know it is stricken out.
I am not sufficiently acquainted with the sub-
ject to inform the Senator.
Mr. NYE. I do not know, but I suppose
this bill applies to what weused to know as
old New England rum. It is a beverage that
is well known ; but 1 never heard of its being
redistilled into anythingelse. It will kill around
the corner with the first distillation. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. President, I am afraid of this bill. _ I
assure you that if there are twelve ships wait-
ing, in view of the change this system is under-
going, they will take every gallon of liquor in
the city of New York and the city of Boston
under these export bonds.
Mr. SUMNER. You do not want to keep
it at home?
Mr. NYE. No; but, as I say it is going to
be devoured here, I want it to pay something
to the Government. I know the care with
which the Senator from New York investigates
these things ; but I am a little afraid that these
men have got the weather-side of him in this
maneuver to ship twelve ship-loads of rum,
distilled or redistilled, to Africa. It seems to
me that is not the current that rum takes ; it
is not the vein in which it runs. It will be lost
in this whirlpool of the " whisky ring," and it
will turn out as vapor orwater on the coast of
Africa. 1 think we had better keep it at home
until something is paid on it. The moment
these bonds arc executed not one cent will
ever be collected upon them, and not one gal-
lon of this whisky or rum, in my judgment,
will ever reach Alrica or any foreign or South
American port.
Sir, the whisky frauds have done more to
demoralize this country than all other institu-
tions that have been started. Your public offi-
cers all smell with fraud. They have been
committed under the system of bonding; and
it is a well-known fact that there has been a
regular line, not of steamers, but of sailing
ships from the city of New York, taking out
whisky under export bonds in gutta-percha
bags, transferring it at sea to another ship,
and then bringing it back into our own ports,
and using it here, thus defrauding the Govern-
ment out of every cent of revenue upon it. Sir,
I mistrust this bill. As a change in the tax
bill is anticipated, I suppose there is a great
desire to run out quickly this accumulation of
rum and alcohol, so as to get it back and get
it into shape before the taxes are knocked
entirely off'. I think that, perhaps, is the hope
about it. If there is any expectation of getting
anything to the Government from whisky it
seems to me we had belter hold on to what we
have got as a sort of security, to be transferred
with other assets when our friends on the other
side shall get into power. [Laughter.] We shall
then hand over to them the whisky in bond.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. Mr. President,
it should be borne in mind that we had laws
up to the passage of the law repealing the
bonded warehouse system in relation to whisky
that permitted these parties to engage in the
exportation of rum. It was suddenly shut
down upon them without a moment's notice.
Many of them had made written charters, as
was in evidence before the committee, for ves-
sels in this trade. A large share, perhaps two
thirds of all this business, is done at the port of
Boston. We had before the committee a state-
ment from the collector of Boston that there
never has been a case of fraud known in that
port in relation to this trade.
Now the question again arises whether we
shall permit this article of rum to go out of the
country, and to continue a certain land ot trade
that is profitable to the country. They get
returns of palm oil; they get ivory ; and there
are many articles that we get, even from
Liberia, in return for this article.
I am perfectly aware that it is almost impos-
sible that we can have any bonded system by
which we can absolutely determine that there
shall be no frauds ; but I think that there are
as many guards and securities about this bill
as perhaps we can put on by legislation. The
tifue which it is to run is extremely short. It
is only for sixty days, allowing parties to' get
rid of the obligations upon which they have
entered. I think it is safe for the Senate to
allow the bill to pass. -
Mr. I-IOVVE. Will the Senator answer me
a couple of questions before he sits down'?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I cannot
promise that beforehand.
Mr. HOWE. The first question I should
like to be informed upon, and i ask it for inform-
ation, is whether the Senator remembers, as
he is more likely to do than I would, the
amount of rum exported from this country
during the last fiscal year'/
Mr. MORlilLL, ot Vermont. I do not
remember how much was exported. 1 know
that there have been great frauds in relation to
it; but I do not remember the amount.
Mr. HOWE. You know that there have
been great frauds ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I know that
there have been gieat frauds in relation to our
exports ; -I mean of whisky.
Mr. HOWE. I refer to rum.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No; I do not
know how much has been exported.
Mr. ANTHONY. There has not been a
single fraud in the export of rum.
Mr. HOWE. I am told there has not been
a single fraud in the export of rum. If that is
so, the returns must show it; and I supposed
the Senator from Vermont was familiar with
the amount of export. There is another ques-
tion 1 desire to ask which I will put to the
Senator from New York. I notice that this
bill as reported only asked thirty days to close
up these contracts. It has been delayed here
on its passage for several weeks, and now they
ask for sixty days. I assume that there cannot
be any more under contract now than there
was then, for in the face of this hostility to
permitting this export, I take it new contracts
would not be made. I ask why sixty days are
required now when only thirty were deemed
necessary when the bill was first before us?
Mr. MORGAN. As the bill passed the
House of Representatives, it was fixed at thirty
days : but the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue thought the time was too short within which
to prepare the regulations, and the Committee
on Finance unanimously agreed to recommend
sixty days; and we did recommend sixty days
at that time.
Mr. HOWE. I understand that by the bill
as reported from the Committee on Finance
this export was to be made under regulations
already out, and not under new regulations,
and that these new regulations have been pro-
vided for by an amendment introduced by the
Senator from Ohip.
Mr. SHERMAN. They may be.
. Mr. HOWE. They may be new regulations?
Mr. MORGAN. 'The Comtnissionerof Inter-
nal Revenue told me that thirty days was too
short a period to enable him to make regula-
tions and obtain the necessary proof; that the
whole thirty days would be taken up in that
way. We therefore amended it so as to make
it sixty days.
- Mr. HOWARD. I wish to ask a question
of the Senator from Vermont. 1 really do not
understand what is meant by redistillation in
Africa.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is not to be redis-
tilled there, but here.
Mr. SHERMAN. I feel quite sure that the
word "redistillation'' applies to the article of
alcohol alone. Alcohol may be redistilled and
changed, and as we haVe stricken out the word
"alcohol," we ought properly to strike out the
word "redistilled;" but 1 am not sufficiently
positive as to whether rum can be redistilled.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What harm will it do
to leave it in ? It may be that they sometimes
redistill rum to refine the quality.
Mr. HOWARD. I merely wanted an explan-
ation. There seemed to be a dark cloud on
that branch of the subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no danger
about it. It remains rum anyhow.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have
the yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, let it pass as it ia.
It cannot do any harm.
Mr. SHERMAN. L think it may.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 13, nays 17 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cole, Ctmkling. Corbett,
Cragm, Fessendcn, Morgan, Morrill of Vermont,
Sumner, Van Winkle, Wiiluy, Williams, and Wil-
S0INAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Davis, Ferry, llarlan,
Hendricks, Howard, Howe, McCrcery, Patterson of
Tennessee,Pouieroy,ltanisey,Kos*. Sherman,Sprague,
Thayer. Tipton, and Trumbull—17.
ABSENT — Messrs. Bayard, Buekalew, Cameron,
i Cattell, Uonness, Dixon, Doolittle, Drake, Edmunds,
! Fowler, Frclinghuysen, Grimes, Henderson, Johnson,
i Morrill of Maine. Morton, Norton, Xye, Patteisonof
! New Hampshire, Saulsbuiy, Stewart, Vickers, Wade,
! andYatOo—24.
I So the bill was rejected.
I Mr. SPRAGUE afterward submitted a mo-
i tion to reconsider the vote rejecting the bill;
I and the motion was entered.
| rock island bridge.
i Mr. HARLAN. _ I move that the Senate
! proceed to the consideration of the joint reso-
! lution (H. R, No. 201) m relation to the Rock
i Islaud bridge. „
The motion was agreed to ; and the benate,
I as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
II consider the joint resolution.
