1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2227
i burn, Cornell, Donnelly, Eggleston,Ela, Farnsworth,
i Finney, Fox, Getz, Glossbrenner. Gravely, Griswold,
Grover. Harding, Higby, HotehkHs. Asnhel W. Hub-
bard, Chester 0. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard,
Humphrey, Jenckes, Johnson, Kelley, Ketcham,
Knott, George V. Lawrence, Loan, Lynch, Marvin,
McCormick, McCullough, Miller, Morgan. Morrissey,
Newcomb, Nunn, Orth, Paine, Peters, Plants, Ran-
dall, Raura, Robertson, Robinson, Selye, Shellabar-
fter, Sitereaves, Spalding, Starkweather. Thaddous
Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Taber, 'JCaffe, Taylor,
Thomas, John Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Aernam,
Van Trump, Van Wyclt, Ward, Henry D.Washburn,
William B. Washburn, William Williams, Wood,
Woodbridge, and Woodward—87.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
motion to suspend the rules was agreed to;
and the resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is not the resolution
debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is not; it goes to the
Committee on Printing.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understand a resolu-
tion to print to be debatable. The motion to
suspend the rules, which is not debatable, can-
not prevent the House from debating a resolu-
tion of this kind.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point on two grounds, both of which the gen-
tleman will recognize. The first is that the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] moved
to suspend the rules for the purpose of refer-
ring the resolution ; the second is, even if he
had not made that motion, the resolution to
print must be referred to the Committee on
Printing without debate. It must come back
from the committee before it can be consid-
ered by the House. Therefore, while the mo-
tion to suspend the rules is to allow the resolu-
tion to be introduced, the effect of a suspension
of the rules is to refer the resolution to the
Committee on Printing. When the resolution
comes back from the committee it may be
debated.
Mr. SCHENCK. Can the vote to refer to
the Committee on Printing be reconsidered?
The SPEAKER. It goes to the committee
under the laiv, and therefore cannot be recon-
sidered ; even by unanimous consent the law
cannot be waived. It has so been decided by
the predecessors in theSpeaker's chair as well
as by himself.
district court in indiana.
Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 984) authorizing the
district court to be held at the city of Port
Wayne, in the State of Indiana; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
hour of meeting.
Mr. BANKS. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of introducing the following
resolution:
Resolved, That during this week the House will
meet each day, except Tuesday, at eleven o'clock
a. m.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
it, and move that the -House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at five o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. BBAMAN: The petition of A. F.
Diedrick and others, of Detroit, Michigan,
regarding the abolition of the Presidency.
By Mr. ELIOT : A memorial of Charles G.
Nazro, president, and others, officers of the
Boston Board of Trade, and of F. W. Lincoln,
jr., Thomas Lamb, and 88 others, merchants
and citizens of Boston, praying for legislation
in aid of the shipping and carrying trade of the
United States.
By Mr. HUNTER: The petition of Mrs.
Augusta Peters, asking compensation for dam-
ages done her property by burning of Govern-
ment stables.
Also, the petition of divers citizens of Ripley
j county, Indiana, asking that the name of
I Frances Horseley, widow of Richard Horseley,
; deceased, who was killed in the Morgan raid
in Indiana on the 12th day of July, 1863, be
placed upon the pension-roll of the United
States and allowed a pension.
By Mr. MORRELL: The petition of 62 cit-
izens of the District of Columbia and Mary-
land, praying Congress to grant a charter for
the Washington and Maryland Railroad Com-
pany.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 31, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, and by
unanimous consent, the reading of the Journal
of yesterday's legislative proceedings was dis-
pensed with.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a resolution of the
Legislature of the State of Minnesota, relative
to the purchase of Alaska and the transfer of
certain territory; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, and ordered
to be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of the State of Minnesota, relating to the
Ulm Mill claims; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of the State of Minnesota, praying
Congress to increase the mail service on route
No. 13629, (running from St. Cloud, Minne-
sota, to Pembina, Dakota Territory,) from
Fort Abercrombie, Dakota Territory, to Pem-
bina, Dakota Territory, and that the same be
increased to three times per week ; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of the State of Minnesota, praying fora
mail route from Lime Springs, Howard county,
Iowa, by way of Canfield, Cherry Grove, and
jEtna, to Spring Valley, in Minnesota ; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of the State of Minnesota, praying for
the establishment of certain mail routes; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DRAKE presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Missouri, praying for the abolition of
the Presidency; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
impeachment of the president.
Mr. STEWART. I submit that legislative
business is a violation of the rule, and out of
order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I believe
that the trial of the impeachment was adjourned
until twelve o'clock, which was the hour to
^liich the Senate adjourned, which somewhat
embarrasses the proceedings. It is the opinion
of the Chair that all legislative business is sus-
pended by the adjournment of the court, and
that nothing now is in order. The Chair will
be vacated under the order of the Senate, that
the Chief Justice may preside over the trial
of the impeachment.
The President pro tempore thereupon vacated
the chair, and the Senate proceeded to the trial
ofthe impeachment ofPresident Johnson. The
Senate sitting for the" trial of the impeachment
having adjourned,
The President pro tempore resumed the chair
at twenty-two minutes past six o'clock p. m.
tax on manufactories.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the report of
the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Hou>se,: on the bill (H. R.
No. 900) to exempt cert, in manufactures from
internal tax.
Themessage also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed
the enrolled bill (H. R. No. 900) to exempt
certain manufactures from internal tax, and for
other purposes; and it was thereupon signed by
the President pro tempore.
hour of meeting.
Mr. FERRY. I move that on the trial days
of the pending trial the legislative session of
the Senate shall commence at eleven o'clock
in the forenoon.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That changes the rule,
and I ask that it lie over for consideration. I
object to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is that when the Senate adjourns, it adjourn to
meet during the trial at eleven o'clock.
Mr. CONKLING. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. FERRY. I hope not. Let as have an
hour in the morning to transact business.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us have one day to
consider it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from New
York, that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, Maxell 31, 1868.
The House met at half past ten o' clock a. m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
indemnity to states for war expenses.
Mr. CULLOM, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 985) to amend an act
entitled "An act to indemnify the States for
expenses incurred by them in defense of the
United States," approved July 27,1861; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDon-
ald, its Chief Clerk, announced that that body
had agreed to the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 900) to
exempt certain manufactures from internal
taxation.
Mr. S CHEN CK obtained the floor and yielded
for the introduction of various propositions for
reference, as follows :
rights of american citizens.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I ask unanimous con-
sent to present joint resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of Ohio in regard to the rights of Ameri-
can citizens for reference to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
The SPEAKER. They have already been
presented by the gentleman from the Cleve-
land district, [Mr. Spalding.] *
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I did not know that.
sophia heeler.
Mr. CULLOM, by unanimous consent, in-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 986) granting an ad-
ditional pension to Sophia Beeler, widow of
the late Major Abram Beeler, an additional
paymaster in the United States Army ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
western union telegraph company.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting a let-
ter from William Orton, president of the West-
ern Union Telegraph Company, relative to a
contract with the Pacific Electric Telegraph
Company ; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
hospital texts loaned to st. louis.
Mr. PILE, by unanimous consent, intro-
i! duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 249) re-
!! lieving the quartermaster's department from
'i'> responsibility for hospital tents loaned to the
I! city of St.. Louis; which was read a first and
