1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1208
was referred to the Committee on Indian Af-
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I present a peti-
tion, signed by the senators and members of
Assembly of the New Jersey Legislature, rep-
resenting that by reason of the encroachments
of the sea the valuable harbor at Absecom
inlet is in great danger of being destroyed,
and that Atlantic City, near that harbor, is
already flooded at high tides with water; build-
ings have been carried away, and those who
moved further inland are again surrounded
with water, and that the light-house is sur-
rounded with water, and unless a breakwater
of stone is erected the light-house and other
property of the Government will be swept
away. Accompanying this petition is a letter
from the Governor of the State of New Jersey,
addressed to the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives, which I ask permission to have read.
The Secretary read as follows:
State of New Jersey Executive Depaetmext,
Trenton, February 13,1868.
Gentlemen: I forward herewith the petition of
Senators and Members of the House of Assembly of
the State of New Jersey, requesting that measures
be taken to protect the Government property, as well
as that of citizens at large, now threatened with de-
struction by the inroads of the ocean at Absecom
inlet, on the coast of this State. The closo approx-
imation of the breakers to the light-house is repre-
sented to be truly alarming, and during the preva-
lence of violent winds from the east or northeast the
grounds surrounding the light-house are wholly sub-
merged, and the employes of the Government thus
imprisoned. Large buildings, erected by private en-
terprise for public accommodation, have been partly
washed away, and further removals inland have been
rendered necessary. Withoutsome action to prevent
this result the valuable harbor of Absecoru inlet will
materially suffer.
Atlantic City, located upon the southerly point of
this inlet, has of late years become a favorite and
popular place of summer resort for citizens from
every part of the Union.
I would respectfully call your attention to the pe-
tition referred to, with the hope that jou will graut
the prayer of the petitioners.
Respectfully, MARCUS L. WARD.
To the Senate and House of Representatives in Congress
assembled.
Mr. FEELINGHUYSEN. I move the ref-
erence of the petition and the accompanying
papers to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN also presented a
petition of one hundred and twenty-four col-
ored citizens of Georgia, praying an appropri-
ation to the Colonization Society of ^100 to
each person, to enable that society to send
them to Liberia; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of the Trenton
Locomotive and Machine Manufacturing Com-
pany, praying to be allowed damages for not
being permitted to complete the Marine Hos-
pital at New Orleans, as contracted for with
the Secretary of the Treasurywhich was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of Emma M.
Moore, widow of Commodore E. W. Moore,
deceased, praying the payment to her of the
sum of $5,000 duo to her late husband, as an
officer of the navy of Texas before its annex-
ation ; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. HOWE presented a petition of brewers
of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, praying a repeal
or a reduction of the duty on imported bar-
ley ; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a petition of
H. Ryan, pastor of the Methodist Episcopal
Church, Columbus, Mississippi, praying an
appropriation for the purpose of sending the
colored citizens to Liberia; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SUMNER presented a memorial of late
officers of the United States Army, protesting
against the passage of the bill prohibiting the
payment of the difference between eleven and
sixteen dollars per month in the pay of officers'
servants from May 1, 1864, to March 3, 1865;
which was referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. S UMNER. I also offer a petition from
J. S. Powell, of Georgia, in which he sets forth
the dependent condition of the freedmen there,
and particularly on lands of his own, and he
prays Congress to loan to him $2,000; the loan
to be paid from the proceeds of the crop, and
a mortgage executed on the crop. He asks
this in order to enable him to manage the farm
and to benefit the freedmen. I move the ref-
erence of the petition to the Committee on
Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I also offer what is entitled
a memorial to the Congress of the United States
regarding the abolition of the Presidency,
signed by Karl Heinzen, the eminent German
journalist in our country, and many other Ger-
mans, in which they set forth reasons why there
should be no such office as President. They
say " thePresidencyisacopy ofroyalty ; itisan
essentially unrepublican institution that "it
is thoroughly anti-democratic in nature that
" it maintains the false, illogical, disorganizing
theory—born of Monarchy and principally deny-
ing Democracy—ofthe 'partition of powers;' "
that "it is a constantly menacing, growing
cause of danger to the Republic that "if it do
not cause such ruin by direct, violent subver-
sion, it must effect the same through corrup-
tion, for the presidential office is the source—
the constantly growing source—of universal
corruption." In offering this petition, of
course, I do riotundertake to express any judg-
ment upon its prayer, but I move its reference
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee, presented
a petition of John Jones, praying to be allowed
a pension ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Mr. WILLEY presented a petition of James
M. W. Virto, praying compensation for ex-
penses incurred in recruiting men for company
B, independent Loudoun Virginia rangers;
which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. COLE presented a resolution of the
Legislature of California, asking Congress to
make Sacramento river between Sacramento
and Princeton a mail route; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a memorial of
citizens of Cincinnati, Ohio, praying that all
contracts made payable in gold by the parties
thereto shall be payable in gold according to
the contract; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Pennsylvania, praying such legislation as will
give protection to American labor and indus-
try ; which was referred to the Committee on
Finauee.
lie also presented a petition of manufac-
turers of tonics and bitters in Lancaster,
Pennsylvania, praying that the laws taxing the
same may be amended; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
He also presented two petitions of citizens
of Ohio, praying, a repeal of the tax on annual
gains, profits, or incomes; which were referred
to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of honorably^
discharged officers of the late Army to suppress
rebellion, protesting against the passage of the
bill prohibiting the payment of the difference
between eleven and sixteen dollars per month
in the pay of officers' servants from May 1,
1864, to March 3, 1865; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. FERRY presented a petition of H.
Trowbridge's Sons, of New Haven, Connecti-
cut, praying that an American register be
granted to the bark Golden Fleece; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. YATES presented a petition of William
Sumner Dodge Mayor, of the city council, and
of citizens of Sitka, in the Territory of Alaska,
praying the establishment of civil government
in that Territory; which was referred to the
Committee on Territories. •
Mr. POMEROY. I present a memorial from
the constitutional convention assembled in the
State of South Carolina. This memorial is
signed by all the members of the convention
that were present, making one hundred and
seven, and each man signs it for himsslfj
showing, as over one half of the convention are
colored men, that they can at least write very
well. The memorial relates to aid proposed to
be granted to the Port Royal Railroad Com-
pany by a bill which is before the Committee
on Public Lands and now under consideration.
They set forth the advantage it will be to tho
State to have the road completed. They also
set forth that there was a general failure of the
crops on the coast of South Carolina last year
and great destitution among the freedmen.
They ask that Congress may, on that account,
consider the proposition favorably. As this
memorial comes from a constitutional conven-
tion, I move that it be printed for the use of the
Senate and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY presented an additional
paper in relation to the claim of Clara Wood;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. ROSS presented concurrent resolutions
of the Legislature of Kansas, in favor of the
extension of the Union Pacific railway, east-
ern division; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad. 0
Mr. TIPTON presented a petition of citizens
of Nebraska, praying that treaties be made with
the Sac and Fox and Iowa Indians whereby
said Indians may be removed and their lands
disposed of for the building of railroads; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have received and
been requested to present to the Senate a
memorial signed by T. Lyle Dickey and Ste-
phen A. Hurlbut, commissioners on the part
'of the State of Illinois, appointed for the pur-
pose of laying before Congress an act of the
Legislature of that State making provision, as
far as the State was able to do so, for the im-
provement of the Illinois river, the enlarge-
ment of the existing canal, and the extension
of the same to the Mississippi river, at or above
Rock island, and the improvement of Rock
river, so as to make a deep water communica-
tion between the waters of Lake Michigan and
the Mississippi river. This memorial sets forth
at length the action of the Legislature of Illi-
nois, and states the importance of these works
being constructed, the amount of commerce
that passes over these channels of trade, and
asks the assistance of the Government of the
United States to aid in the construction of the
works. I move the reference of the memorial
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON. I am requested by the
Governor of the State of Pennsylvania to pre-
sent to the Senate certain resolutions jsassed
by the Legislature of that State, approving of
the restoration of Hon. Edwin M. Stanton to
the office of Secretary of War. I move that
the resolutions be read—they are very short—
and lie on the table.
The Secretary read as follows:
Joint resolution on the restoration of the Secretary
of War.
1. Resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania General
Assembly met. That the loyal men of this Common-
wealth hail with joy the restoration of Hon. Jidwin
M. Stanton to the office from which he has been ille-
gally excluded, and that the thanks of the people of
Pennsylvania are hereby tendered to the senators
who have by their action in this case vindicated a
meritorious officer and rebuked an apostate Presi-
d(£^Resolved, That it is the universal wish of the
loyal men of Pennsyivauiathat Hon.Edwm M.Stan-
ton shall retain the office he now holds; that he-will
sink his personal wishes for the public good, and that
the country, more than ever requiring his services,
maJi again rest in security with the unflinching bee-
retary at tho head of military affairs.
3 Resolved, That while the suspension ot Mr. Stan-
ton for a timeso unnecessarily andunjustlyfrom the
War Office is lamented, it is cause of congratulation
to the country that the great loader of the Union
armies, General U. S. Grant, was the Secretary ad
