1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4275
But, Mr. President, I do not suppose these
Indians are particularly suffering. The differ-
ence between the Senator from Oregon and
the co mmittee was this : he asked, I believe,
for $50,000.
Mr. CORBETT. Twenty-five thousand dol-
lars of it only goes to Oregon.
Mr. HOWE. Fifty thousand dollars for
Washington and Oregon; and we have appro-
priated 820,000.
Mr. CORBETT. For six thousand Indians.
Mr. HOWE. That appropriation may not
be sufficient to secure peace ; but inasmuch as
we have promised no part of it, I should think
that if the Indians were clever and were treated
eleveily by the people there they would be
rather thankful for getting $*20,000 than mad
because they did not get $50,000. If I were
in their place I should be thankful for it.
Perhaps [ have said more than need be said
on this subject, but I did want to rescue the
committee from the imputation of having de-
signed any injustice to that portion of the
country.
Mr. CORBETT. I wish to say that there
was no desire on my part to reflect upon the
committee, but I do feel that they do not
understand the position of the Indian affairs
of that country, the way it is situated, the
manner in which the Indians are treated; and
it does seem to me that by reducing the appro-
priations, by cutting down the salaries of the
"employes to a price at which they cannot be
employed, by reducing the appropriations by
which peace has been maintained with the
Indians, we are taking a step to inaugurate
anorher Indian war upon the Pacific coast.
When you make these reductions you disre-
gard the treaty stipulations with the Indians
with whom there are treaties, and there will be
a portion of these employes who will be dis-
charged. There will then, of course, be com-
plaint from the Indians that the treaty stipula-
tions have not been lived up to. There is a
tribe here now that has come seven thousand
miles to make these very complaints, from the
fact that the appropriation for their agency
was not large enough to support the proper
number of employes, and the Department was
compelled to combine two employes in one and
take the money and apply it to one employ^,
where the Indians were entitled to two. Hie
committee of conference have cut down the
usual appropriations, and the result will be
that the Department will have to reduce the
force—to discharge a blacksmith or a farmer
or a physician provided for by treaty, and the
result will be dissatisfaction.
Then the amount that has annually been
appropriated to those Indians with whom there
are no treaty stipulations has been stricken out
entirely with the exception: of $10,000 for three
thousand Indians in Oregon. What would
that do I should like to know to support those
Indians?
I simply make these suggestions. I can do
nothing more than protest. I fear it may create
a great deal of difficulty, and I wish to relieve
myself of the responsibility. I suppose that
it is not in order to amend this report of a con-
ference committee; if it were, I should move
to amend it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope we shall have
a vote on this matter. All this talk is per-
fectly useless. If the Senators had a little more
experience they would know that it is utterly
useless on a bill of this kind to protest against
the report being adopted. It is only spending
time for nothing.
Mr. COLE. I shall detain the Senate but
a very few minutes. The Senator from Wis-
consin makes complaint that these demands
for assistance to the Indian department in Cal-
ifornia are too importunate, and, to use his
strange expression, they are made with toma-
hawk in hand. The Senator may not be aware
of the fact that these Indians are deprived of
all means of living except such as are furnished
them by the whites, and unless there is some
means of supporting them by the whites there
must necessarily be disturbance there. The
Indian agents on the reservations in California
dare not put arms into the hands of the In-
dians to go and hunt as they formerly did,
because the moment an Indian is found out-
side of the reservation with a gun he is shot
down by the first white man who meets him,
and disarmed. The difficulty we have to
contend with is that they are not allowed to
get their own living in the ordinary way, the
way in which they were accustomed to get it
in former times. They are not allowed to go
up on the streams to catch fish, because if they
go off the reservations they are treated in the
same harsh manner. This is the reason why
perhaps some strong expressions are made use
of; and I might now reiterate that difficulties
arc constant and of daily occurrence in that
country, and the whites are suffering by reason
of the want of care of the Indians.
I would make a further suggestion before I
take my seat, and that is that these econom-
ical ebullitions on the part of committees and
Congressmen relate too often to small matters,
whereas you do not see their application to the
larger matters ; and to illustrate the statement
I make I will point to a particular case in Cal-
ifornia. We were renting a reservation at
Smith river, in the northern portion of the State
at a yearly rent, I believe, of about twenty-
five hundred dollars in gold. The proposition
was made to break up that reservation and
remove the Indians to one of the established
reservations at Hoopa valley or Round valley,
and the smallest amount that could possibly
suffice for effecting the removal of six hundred
anil twenty-five Indians a distancfe of several
hundred miles is $5,000. That amount on the
closest estimate was asked for, but the com-
mittee of conference cut it down to $3,500, and
breakup the reservation. How is it expected
that these Indians can be removed for that
small sum of $3,500 in greenbacks, a distance
of several hundred miles, I cannot imagine.
If they are taken to the Round valley reserva-
tion, where it is desirable they shall bo taken,
they will have to be embarked upon a steamer
anil taken to the nearest port on Round valley,
and there disembarked. I tell the gentlemen
that it cannot be done for that sum, and the
present Indian reservation by their bill is
broken up, and so some of these Indians must
be set afloat again ; and if the history of the
past in regard to the Indians of that portion of
the State were well known it would be appre-
ciated that nothing but difficulty can be ex-
pected. These are the Klamath Indians who
have heretofore been very hostile, and that
have cost you already a large sum in the way
of an Indian war.
No, sir; as an offset to this I see every little
while something presented to us in the form
of a congressional document showing that large
sums are due by virtue of treaties running up
to millions. Millions are claimed to be due to
the shadows of tribes by virtue of treaties, as
if the obligations made in the form of innumer-
able treaties with every little fragment of a
tribe of savages was of more consequence than
the support of these Indians with whom there
have been no treaties. We have not a single
treaty with any one of the one hundred or more
tribes in California, because we do not regard
that as the proper and economical way of get-
ting along with the Indians. We do not ask
for any treaties ; but we do ask that they shall
be so far cared for as to keep them peaceable
and quiet.
On the other side of the mountains the In-
dian service costs only two or three hundred
thousand dollars a year. I assert that the
whole Indian service, except the department
here at Washington, on this side of the mount-
ains should not cost more than that, that
instead of the two or three millions, we spend,
two or three hundred thousand dollars would
suffice on this as well as on the other side of
the mountains; and there is no reason for j
expending these large sums except under the ;
pretext—I still adhere to that language—of j
treaties with shadows of tribes of savages, none j
of whom are even able to read a treaty. Their I
names are signed to the treaty with a cross; they
know nothing about them. They are in most
instances a mere pretext for robbing the Treas-
ury of the United States. There is great injus-
tice practiced toward these Indians with whom
there are no treaties, and who are constantly
making disturbance with the white race; I
complain that proper provision is not made in
that regard.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER, (Mr. Har-
lax in the chair.) The question is on the
motion of the Senator from California, that
the report of the conference committee, with
the bill as amended, be printed.
The motion was not agreed to.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on concurring in the report of the
committee of conference.
The report was concurred in.
MESSAGE FROM THE IIOUSB.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (S. No.
352) to authorize the temporary supplying of
vacancies in the Executive Departments.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 1444) changing
the ports of entry from Plymouth to Edenton,
in North Carolina, and Port Royal to Beau-
fort, in South Carolina, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNEB.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills and joint resolutions ; and they
were thereupon signed by the President pro
tempore of the Senate ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1227) granting a pension
to Martha Ann Wallace ;
A bill (II. R. No. 1337) granting an increase
of pension to Frances T. Richardson, widow
of the late Major General Israel B. Richard-
son ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 1G4) for the
restoration of Commander Aaron K. Hughes,
United States Navy, to the active list from the
retired list;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 343) to admit
free of duty certain statuary; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 354) admitting
steam plows free of duty for one year from
June 30, 1808.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. WILLE Y. I move that leave of absence
for the residue of the session be granted to the
Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Pool.]
He is compelled to leave the city.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 1444 ) changing the
ports of entry from Plymouth to Edenton, in
North Carolina, and Port lioyal to Beaufort,
in South Carolina, was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will
give way long enough to enable me to make a
report.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That will only make
further debate.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is not debatable.
Mr. CONNESS. I am aware of that, but
upon this motion I call for the yeas and nays;
and I wish to be permitted to suggest to the
Senate that if tliey will give me fifteen minutes
I think we can pass the bill which I h.ive in
charge and get rid of it, and I am exceedingly
anxious that that shall be done. Ihope it will
be done. I do not think anybody will debate
the bill further. We can act on the amend-
ments and pass it, and let it go to the other
