®E COtfGBESSlONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
second time, and i-eferfect to the'Committee on
Military Affairs.
BENJAMIN ATKINS.
Mr. PILE, by unanimous consent, also in-
troduced a bill (H. II No. f)S7) for the relief
of Benjamin Atkins; wliich was re'Sd a first
arid second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
WILLIAM B. EDWARDS.
Mr. GRAVELY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. Ii. No. 987J) forthe relief
tjf WHliam B. Edwards; which was read a first
and second time, and referi'ed to the Comiriittee
on Invalid Pensions.
JAMES T. WHEELER.
.Mr. GRAVELY, by (mammons consent,
also introduced a bill.(H. 11. No. 988) for the
jelief of James T. Wheeler; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee oti Invalid Pensions.
CIIAELES IIARVBY.
Mr. GRAVELY, by unanimous consent,
also introduced a bill (II. 11. No. 089) for the
relief of Charles Harvey; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
AIJBt BENTON.
Mr. GRAVELY, by unanimous consent,
also introduced a bill (II. It. No. 990) for the
relief of Abby Benton ; which was read a first
and seeond time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions.
ZADOCK T. NEWMAN.
Mr. GRAVELY, by unanimous consent,
also introduced a bill (EC. It. No. 991) for the
relief of Zadock T. Newman ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
ALCY MASON.
Mr. GRAVELY, by unanimous consent,
also introduced a bill (H. R. No. 992) grant-
ing back pension to Alcy Mason ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
PLEASANT JI. WEAR.
Mr. GRAVELY, by unanimous consent,
also introduced a bill (II. it. No. 993) for the
relief of Pleasant M. Wear ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
inion BOYLR.
Mr. GRAVELY, by unanimous consent,
also introduced a bill (II. R. No. 994) for the
relief of Hugh Boyle ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
JOHN BOOKISH.
Mr. Bravely, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 995) for the relief
of John Booker ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
LICENSES.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
bo instructed to inquire into the expediency of so
amending the internal revenue latv as to permit the
transfer or assignment of special license receipts so
as to make it lawful for the assignee to continue and
carry on the business at the place harhed in the re-
ceipt ju^t as tho license might have done, and to
repoi l by bill or otherwise.
TAXATION OF BANKS.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution ; Which was rfead,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Banking and
Currency bo instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of reducing the excessive and unequal tax im-
posed by existing laws upon private banks and banks
organized and doing business under State laws, to
the end that capital so employed and invested shall
bear no greater burdens of taxation than those borne
by national banks, and to report by bill or otherwise.
THOMAS tf. SltEtfELt. 1
Mr. MYERS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 900) granting compen-
sation to Thomas T. Shewell, late acting com-
missioner of internal revenue in the fourth
district of Pennsylvania; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
UrClXAltl) PARSONS.
Mr. MYERS also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No.,997) for the re-
lief of Richard Parsons, of Lynchburg, Vir-
ginia; which was read a first and Second time,
and referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
LA KM KIUK AND OHIO S1IIP-CANAL.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (II. R. No. 996) to
authorize the construction of a ship-canal from
Lake Erie to the Ohio river; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals, and ordered to
be printed.
EXl'KNSK 01? COLLECTINO KEV13NUK.
Mr. BAILEY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the following resolution j which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas taxation for the purposes of internal rev-
enue has been, or is about to bo, much reduced, and
the assessing and coliectin? of said revenue thereby
greatly simplified; and whereas a force far too large
and unnecessarily cxponsivo is now employed for tho
purposes of tftX-irftthortaR : '.therefore, .
llrmlved, That the Committee of Ways ana Means
inquire into tho propriety nnd expediency of a ltif&e
reduction of said forec, a nd also that said committee
further inquire into the propriety and expediency
of so adjusting our whole system of internal revenue
as will, among other er^sential things, require tho
smrtllest pospiulo number of officials for that duty;
and that said committco report by will or othorwise.
COURTS I.\ IDAHO.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I ask unanimous con-
sentto report from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary a bill in regard to the jurisdiction of
courts in the Territory of Idaho for the consid-
eration of the House at this time.
Mr. SCHENCK. If it is going to occupy
any time I cannot yield.
Mr. WASHUUitNlS, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman from Ohio if he expects to get
through the report of the committee of confer-
ence this morning?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, if lean. I cxpect
that every gentleman to whom I yield will vote
for the report. [Laughter.]
Mr. CULLOM. I must object to the report-
ing of the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will yield to my col-
league from tho Cleveland district, [Mr.
Spalding.]
DUTY ON NATIVE PETROLEUM.
Mr. SPALDING, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 250)
imposing a duty on native petroleum intended
for export; which was read a first and secor$$
time, and referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will yield now, and for
the last time, to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Laflin,]
ARGUMENT OF Bill. BUTLER.
Mr. LAFL1N. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to report the following reso-
lution ; upon which I demand the previous
question:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of this
House five thousand copies of the opening address
of Hon. F. Butler, one of the managers
on the part of the House of Representatives on tho
trial of Andrew Johnson, President of tho United
States, before the Senate, with the accompanying
brief of law authorities, and forty thousand copies
without the accompanying: brief.
Mr. ROSS. I object to that resolution.
I'he SPEAKER. The Ch&ir will state that
if the gentleman from Ohio yields the floor,
the Committeeon Printing has a right to report
at any time.
Mr. BROOKS. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. That is the regular order,
there being no other business before the House.
The Co'mmittee on Printing can report at ahy
time.
Mi*. ELDRIDGE. If the gentleman is go-
ing to press this resolution, the gentleman from
Ohio will not be able to get his bill through
to-dat.
, Mr. SCHENCK. I beg; the gentleman from
New York to withdraw his resolution for the
present.
Mr. LAFLIN. I withdraw it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
privileged question. I move to reconsider the
various votes by which the bills and resolutions
which have been introduced were referred; and
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TAX ON MANUFACTURES.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a privileged
question. I submit a report from the commit-
tee of conference on House bill No.^900.
The Clerk read the report of the committee
of conference, as follows:
Tho committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses ou the amendments to thebili
(II. R. No. 900) to exempt certain manufactures from
internal tax having met, alter lull and free confer-
ence have agreed to recommend, and do recommend
to their respective Houses, as follows :
That theilouse recede from their disagreement to
the second amendment of the Senate and agree to
the same.
That theHouso recede from their amendment to the
third amendment of the Senate and agree to thesaid
Senate amendment, with an amendment, as follows:
Insert in lieu of said Senate amendment, after the
cnacfting clause, the words: That alter the 1st day of
Juno next no drawback of internal taxes paid on
manufactures shall be allowed on the exportation of
any article of domestic manufacture on which there
is no internal tax at the time of exportation; nor
shall such drawback be allowed in any case unless it
shall be proved by sworn evidence, in writing-, to the
Satisfaction of the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue that tho tax had been paid, and that such articles
of manufacture were, prior to the 1st day of April,
1868, actually purchased or actually manufactured
and contracted for, to be delivered for such exporta-
tion ; and no claim for such drawback, or for any
drawback of internal tax on exportation made prior
to tho passage of this act, shall be paid unless pre-
sented to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
before the 1st day of October, 1868: and the Senate
agree to the same.
Thoy recommend that the House recede from their
amendments to the fourth.amendment of the Senate,
and agree to the same with an amendment, as fol-
lows: Insert in lieu of said Senate amendment:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That every per-
son, firm, or corpoiation, who shall manufacture by
hand or machinery any goods, wares, or merchandise
(breadstuifs and unmanufactured lumbeV excepted)
not otherwise specifically taxed as such, or who shall
be engaged in the manufacture or preparation ior
sale of any articles or compounds not otherwise
specifically taxed, or shall put up for sale in pack-
ages, with his own name or trade-mark thereon, any
articl es or compound not otherwise spec.fically taxed*
and whose annual sales exceed $5,000, shall pay lor
every additional $1,000 m excess of §5,000 two dollars,
and the amount of sale3 in excess of the rate of &5.UOO
per annum shall be returned quarter yearly to the.
assistant assessor, and the tax on the excess of $5,000
shall bo assessed by the assessor and paid quarter
yearly in tho months of January, April, July, and
October of each year, as other taxes are assessed and
paid. And the first assessment herein provided for
shall bemadeinthe month of July, 1868, for the three
months then next preceding.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That every person
engaged in carrying on the business of a distiller who
sha l defraud or attempt todefraudtho United States
oi tho tax on thfe spirits distilled by him. or any part
thereof, shall forfeit the distillery and distilling ap-
paratus used by him and all distilled spirits and all
raw materials for the production of distilled spirits
iound in the distillery and on the distillery premise?,
and snail, on conviction, be fined not less than S500
nor more than $o,000, and be imprisonednot less than
six months nor more than three years.
bis c. b. And be.it farther enacted* Thatif any officer
or agent appointed and acting under the authority
ot any revenue law of the United States shall be
guilty of gross neglect m the discharge of anv of the
duties of ins ofnee, or shall conspire or collude with
fhfn0™0?' PCrSon .(ief'?n<1 the United States, or
^L iT^ak/^pFortllnily or any person to defraud
the United States, or shall do or omit to do anv act
with intent to enable any other person to dufi'aud
United States, or s.iall make or sign any fi i -i'
certificate or return in any case where he is bv law
or regulation required t:> make a certilieate or re- \
turn, or haying knowledge or information of theVio- !
labon of any revenue law by any person, or o " frlu I
committed by any person against tho United Rlifnj
under any revenue law of the United State* iWll
fail to report m writing such knowledge or informs !
tion to his next superior officer and to the Commit" <
sioner of Internal Revenue, he shall m
be fined not less than.51.000 nor more than 55 000 S
Shall be imprisoned not less than six mSnX",'™. i
more than three years. uins *
seo.7. Andbe it further enacted, That no po m„,„
raise, discontinuance, or nolle prosequi of any™ res- 1
i
