170
SUPPLEMENT TO
Mr. JOHNSON. Part of the same question.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. It must be_re-
garded at present as an independent question.
Mr. CONNESS. And therefore I ask that
the independent question be reduced to writing.
It lias nothing to do with the other.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
understands the question which has just been
rend by the Clerk to be the question.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I call for its reading
again.
The CHIEF JUSTICE, (to the Secretary.)
Read the question.
The Secretary read as follows :
If he did, state what ho said his purpose was ?
Mr. CONNESS. "Did" what?
Mr. DRAKE. I would inquire for informa-
tion, Mr. President, whether, in order to test
the introduction of that question, it is neces-
sary that a Senator should object to its being
put?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No ; the Chief Justice
has decided that it is not.
Mr. DRAKE. Very well.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
has said that it does not seem to him compe-
tent for the Managers or the counsel to object
to a question being put by a Senator; but
after it has been put, the question whether it
shall be answered must necessarily depend
upon the judgment of the court, and either
the counsel for the President or the honorable
Managers are quite at liberty to address any
observations they see fit to the court upon that
point.
Several Senators. That is right.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly ; I do not doubt
that.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. Upon that state-
ment I may bo pardoned for saying our only
purpose is to object to the answer being taken
by the Senate to the question, and not to ob-
ject to the right of the honorable gentleman
from Maryland to offer his question.
Mr. JOHNSON. I so understand.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. And that is the
question that is before the Senate. The ques-
tion that we raise before the Senate is, that it
is incompetent for the accused to make his own
declarations evidence for himself.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
has already said upon a former occasion that
he thinks that, for the purpose of proving the
intent, this question is admissible; ana he
thinks, also, that it comes within the rule
whieli has been adopted by the Senate as a
guidefor its own action. Thisisnotan ordinary
court, but it is a court com posed largely of law-
yers and gentlemen of great experience in the
business transactions of life, and they are quite
competent to determine upon the eSect of any
evidence which may bo submitted to them ;
and the Chief J ustice thought 1 hat the rule which
.the Senate adopted for itself was founded on
this fact; and in accordance with that rule, by
which he determined the question submitted on
Saturday, he now determines this question in
the same way.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask for a vote of the Senate
upon the question.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the question.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I only want to
ask a single question. The Chief Justice un-
derstands this, as does the board of Managers,
as T understand, to be precisely the same ques-
tion tfaaf was ruled upon on last Saturday even-
ing, when the Chief Justice ruled.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. And this morn-
ing, too.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
does not say that. What he does say is, that it
is a question of the same general import, to
show, the intent of the President during these
transactions. The Secretary will read the ques-
tion again.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask that both questions
be read, the first and the second, taken in con-
nection with each other. The witness has an-
swered- She first. -
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary*il!
read the original question, and then he will
read the present question before the Senate.
The Secbetary. The first question was :
"When tho President tendered to you the office
of Secretary of War ad iaterhn on the 27th of Janu-
ary, 18138, and on the 31st of the same month and
year, did he, at tho very time of making such ten-
der, state to you what his purpose in so doing was ?
The witness having answered this, the ques-
tion now is:
If ho did, state what he said his purpose was ?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Senators, you who
are of opinion that the question just read, " if
ho did, state what he said his purpose was,"
is admissible, and should be put to the wit-
ness, will, as your name3 are called, answer
yea; those of a contrary opinion, nay. The
Secretary will call the roll.
Mr. IIOWE. Before I vote upon the ad-
missibility of this answer, I wish, if there is
any regular mode of doing so, to ascertain the
state of t]je record upon another point; and
that is, whether tho fact that this office was
tendered to the witness on the stand was a fact
put in by the defense or by the prosecution.
My own recollection is not very distinct about
it, and I am not sure that I am right.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
must remind the Senator that no debate is in
order unless there be a motion to retire for
conference.
Mr. EVARTS. I inay bo permitted, as coun-
sel, to state that it was put in by the defense.
• Mr. Manager BINGIIAM. It was put in by
the defense.
Mr. EVARTS. I have so stated.
Mr. Manager BINGH/VM. I wish it to be
understood distinctly.
Mr. HOWE. The Chief Justice will allow
me to remark that putting a question to ascer-
tain the state of the record was entering into
debate by no manner of moans.
The CHIEF J USTICE. It may be, however.
Mr. HOWE. It may not be.
Tho CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
call the roll.
Tho question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Antiionv, Bayard, Buekalcw, Cole,
Corbett, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden, Fow-
ler, X'rolinehuyson, (Jrimcs, Ilendorson, Ilendrioks,
Johnson, MoCroory, Morton, Norton, Patterson of
Tennessee. Ross, Sherman, Sumner, Trumbull, Van
Winkle, Viekors, and Willey—2(5.
^ NAYb—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Chandler, Conk-
ling, Connoss, Cra.gin, Drake, Edmunds, Ferry, Har-
lan, Howard, Howe, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Nye, Patterson of Now Hampshire,
Pomoroy, Ramsey, Stewart, Thayor, Tipton, Wil-
liams, Wilson, and Yates—25.
NOT VOTING.—Messrs. Saulsbury, Sprague, and
Wado—3.
So the question propounded by Mr. John-
sou was held to bo admissible.
Tho Witness. May I take the question in
ray hand? [The question was handed to the
witness and examined by him.] Tho first
question was as to "both occasions." [The
previous question was handed to the witness
and examined by him.]
Mr. EVARTS. It covers both occasions.
The Witness. The conversations were long
and covered a great deal of ground; but I will
endeavor to be as precise to the point as pos-
sible. The President stated to me that the
relations which had grown up between the
Secretary of War, Mr. Stanton, and him-
self 
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Stay a moment.
I must again interpose, Mr. President. The
question is simply what the President stated his
purpose was, and not to put in his whole
declarations.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is all that is asked.
This is preliminary to that.
Mr. CURTIS. That is all he is g'oing to
answer.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I pray that that
may be submitted to the Senate, whether they
will have the whole of the long conversation,
which is nothing to the purpose.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. iJis purpose in
offering General Sherman a commission.
Mr." Manager BUTLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is it.
The Witness. I intended to be very pre-
cise and very short; but it appeared to me
necessary to state what I began to state, that
the President told me that the relations be-
tween himself and Mr. Stanton, and between
Mr. Stanton and the other members of the
Cabinet, were such that he could not execute
the office which he filled as President of the
United States without making provision ad
interim for that office ; that he had the right
under the law ; he claimed to have the right,
and his purpose was to have the office admin-
istered in the interest of the Army and of the
country; and he offered mo the office in that
view. Ho did not state to me then that his
purpose was to bring it to tho courts directly;
but for the purpose of having the office admin-
istered properly in the interest of the Army
and of the whole country.
Mr. STANBERY. On both occasions,
General, or the other occasion?
The Witness. I asked him why lawyers
could not make a case ; that I did not wish to
be brought as an officer of the Army into any
controversy.
' Mr. CONKLINCr. Will you not repeat that
last answer, General ?
The Witxess. I asked liim why lawyers
could not make a case, and not bring me, or
an officer, into the controversy. His answer
was that it was found impossible, or a case
could not be made up; but, said he, "If we
can bring tho case to the courts it would not
stand half an hour." I think that is all that
he stated to me then.
By Mr. Stanbkby:
Question. On either occasion?
Mr. JOHNSON. That is my question.
The Witness. The conversation was very
long and covered a great deal of ground 
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I object to this
examination being renewed by the counsel for
the President.
Mr. STANBERY. There were two occa-
sions. Has the witness got through both ? That
is the question.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Whatever maybe
tho pretense under which it is to be renewed,
I hold that, according to the due order of trials,
it ought not to be allowed. Let us see how it
is to be done, Mr. President. The counsel
dismissed this witness and he was gone, and ho
is brought back at the request of one of the
judges, and that judge  
Mr. STANBERY. I must interrupt the
learned Manager to say that we did not dismiss
him. On the contrary, both sides asked to
retain him, the learned Manager saying at tho
time that he wanted to give him a private ex-
amination.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. To that I must
interpose a denial. I have asked for no private
examination. I say the counsel dismissed him
from the stand, dismissed him as a witness in
this case from tho stand. Then he is called
back by one of the judges. In any court that
anybody ever practiced in before, or in any
tribunal, when that is done and a question is
put by a judge, that never yet opened the case
to have the witness examined by the counsel
who had dismissed him.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the reading of
the question. I think I asked him to answer
as to both of the occasions vvheu tho ofSco was
tendered to him.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the question proposed by the Senator from
Maryland.
The Secretary. The witness having an-
swered "yes" to the previous question, the
question is, " State what he said his purpose
was?"
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Nothing is more
usual in courts of justice than to recall wit-
nesses for further examination, especially at
the instance of one of the members of the court.
It is very often done at the ifistance of counsel.
It is, however, a matterwholly within thediscre-
tion of the court; and if any Senator desires
i£ the Chief J ustice will be happy to put it to
