3252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 48,
It proposes to amend the act of Congress
" making appropriations for the suppffrt of
the Army for the year ending June 30, 13C8,
and for other purposes," approved March 2,
1867, as to direct the Secretary of War to order
the commencement of work on the bridge over
the Mississippi river at Kock Island; but the
ownership of the bridge is to be and remain in
the United States, and the Kock Island Pacific
Railroad Company is to have the right of way
over the bridge for all purposes of transit
across the island and river, upon condition that
the company shall pay to the United States, first,
half the cost of the superstructure of the bridge
over the main channel and half the cost of
keeping the same in repair, and shall also build
at its own cost the bridge over that part of the
river which is on the east side of the island of
Bock Island, and also the railroad on and
across the island of Rock Island. Upon a full
compliance with these conditions the railroad
company is to have the use of the bridge for
the purposes of free transit, but without any
claim to its ownership. The railroad com-
pany, within six mouths after the new bridge
is ready for use,' are to remove their old bridge
from the river and their rajlroad track from
its present location on the island of Hock Isl-
and. The Government may permit any otheu
road or roads wishing to cross on the bridge
to do so by paying to the parties then in inter-
est the proportionate cost of the bridge ; but
no such permission to other roads is to impair
the right granted to the Chicago, Rock Island,
and Pacific Railroad Company, and the total
cost of the bridge is not to exceed the esti-
mates made by the commissioners appointed
under the act approved June 27, 1800.
In case the Hock Island and Pacific Rail-
road Company shall neglect or fail, for sixty
daysafterthe passage of tiieresolution, to make
and guarantee the agreement specified in the act
of appropriation, approved March 2,1867. then
the Secretary of War is required to direct the
removal of the existing bridge and to direct
the construction of the bridge herein men-
tioned, and expend the money appropriated
for that purpose in that act; and the Rock
Island and Pacific Railroad Company is not
to have, acquire, or enjoy any right of way or
privilege thereon, or the use of the said bridge,
until the agreement shall be made and guaran-
tied according to the terms and conditions of
the act of appropriation. .
The Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads reported the joint resolution with an
amendment, to add as ail additional section
the following:
Sec. 3. And be it further resolved, That any bridge
built under the provisions of tUis act, shall be con-
structed so as to conform to the requirements of sec-
tion two o! an act entitled "An act to authorize the
construction of certain bridges, and to establish
them as post roads," approved J uly 2o, 1865.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I merely
desire to call the attention of the Senate to
this jointresolution. It looks extremely harm-
less; but, in my judgment, instead of its being
a measure of that character, it is one that will
involve the Government not only in needless
expense, but in a needless law-suit. Instead
of enlarging the powers that we have already
granted to this company, our business should
be to repeal what we have heretofore done.
Why should we make an agreement to build a
bridge there and keep it in repair, and that
the company is only to restore one half of the
cost to us? But not content with the law as
it stands, they propose that we shall go for-
ward and tear down an existing structure and
build another. I merely desire to call the
attention of the Senate to this kind of legisla-
tion, which, if I might be permitted to charac-
terize it, I would say was monstrous.
The PRESIDENT jjroterejpore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment reported by the com-
mittee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask for the
yeas and nays, for the purpose of calling the
attention of the Senate to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ver-
mont surely does not want the yeas and nays
on this amendment, which requires that the.
bridge shall conform to the general law on the
subject of bridges over the Mississippi river.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No; I merely
desire to call the attention of the-Senate to the-
subject. 1 withdraw the call for the yeas and
nays.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to say in relation
to this amendment, that I have no wish that
the amendment should be adopted, nor do I
deem it necessary. The bridge is to be con-
structed under the direction of the engineers
of the War Department, and it can hardly be
supposed to be probable that they would con-
struct a bridge that would materially obstruct
navigation. Therefore I do not think that
amendment necessary. But a majority of the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
directed it to be reported. I shall vote against
the amendment myself.
Mr. RAMSEY. The good thing that there
is in this resolution is that it supersedes the
old Ilock Island bridge, which has been a great
nuisance to the navigators of the river. It is
objectionable in a great many ways, and has
been the cause of the destruction of a great
deal of property on that river. The people
injured have been in the courts of the United
States ; they have been all around trying to
get rid of it, and at length they have hit upon
this plan. That is the merit of this resolu-
tion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the
Senator from Minnesota whether there is any
more propriety in the United States building
a bridge here than there is m building a bridge
over any other river throughout the United
States ? Why should the United Slates be put
to the expense of building a bridge at this
point rather than at any other in the United
States? For myself I can see no reason for it
whatever.
Mr. RAMSEY. Certainly the Senator will
concede that for a great many years, in the
courts and in every other way. the steamboat
men and the river men of the West have
attempted to get rid of the old Rock Island
bridge, which is a nuisance and a curse to the
navigation of the river, chieliy because the
piers instead of being placed parallel with the
thread of the stream, as the laws now require,
were placed obliquely, causing a great destruc-
tion of property on the river. The river men
have attempted to get rid of it. They have
gone into the courts and everywhere else, but
they could not do it. At length they hit on
this happy compromise with the Government,
that when another bridge is built the existing
bridge shall then be removed. That is the
great merit of this thiugr and led the Post
Office Committee to give its assent to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think I can answer
the Senator from Vermont, who inquired why
the Government should build a bridge here
more than anywhere else over a river. The
Senator certainly is aware that the Govern-
ment of the United States is the owner of the
island of Rock Island in the Mississippi river,
a large island—I do not remember the precise
number of acres, but I should think two thou-
sand acres of land—which it has reserved from
sale from the beginning, as a most desirable
and useful point to be held by the United
States Government; and some years ago a law
was passed establishing an arsenal and armory
at Rock Island. The Government has com-
menced very expensive works there. When
the rebellion broke out iC had not in all the
Northwest a single deposit of arms. This is
being made the great armory for the North-
west; it is located on the Mississippi river
near where railroads oross; and it is neces-
sary, in the opinion of the Government engi-
neers, that the Government of the United States
should iiavo bridges to connect this island both
with the Illinois shore and with the Iowa shore.
The value of the great works which the Gov-
ernment is erecting there depend upon having
this connection; they must have it with the
shores; and the Government is about to erect
a bridge as a necessity for the works which are
being established there. _ This is being made
the great depot for arms in all the Northwest.
The Government owns the whole ot the
island. The Government has taken steps since
it commenced these worEs to procure the title
to a small portion of the island upon which
preemption claims were established some years
ago, and has also acquired ihe title to some very
small islands contiguous to this island of Rock
Island. There is great water power there, with
all the advantages for an armory and arsenal
that could be obtained anywhere. At any
rate, the Government has always so supposed
and has selected it. The reason why the Gov-
ernment is interested in the bridge is because
the works erected there will be almost value-
less without it. You must have a bridge. How
are you going to get to the island ot Kock Isl-
and? It is separated from the main body of
the land on both sides. We have had a bridge
connecting the island with the Illinois shore,
put there by private parties years ago; but I
think it has been injured or partially carried
away recently.
Mr. WILSON. We have got to build a
bridge there.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Unquestionably we have.
Then the question arises whether there should
be two bridges. The Rock island and Pacific
Railroad Company has a bridge now which
crosses the river north of the island, and is
erected at a point where the navigating inter-
ests have complained very much of it, whether
rightly or not I will not undertake to say. But
they have their railroad bridge, and this arrange-
ment was entered into between the Government
of the United States, acting through the War
Department, and the owuers of this railroad
bridge, by which they agreed that their bridge
might come down and they would pay half the
expense of erecting a bridge at another point
which it was supposed would be less objection-
able to navigation and which is absolutely neces-
sary to the Government. The Government must
have it. This plan has received the sanction
of the Government officials, is recommended
by the engineers, and indorsed by the Depart-
ment of War, by Mr. Stanton when he was
Secretary of War. I am not sure whettier
General Schofield has made a formal recom-
mendation or not; but General Scbotield was
one of the commission appointed undt-r author-
ity of the War Department who assessed the
damages that were to be paid to parties who
had interests in Rock Island, and lie is familiar
with this whole matter. I think there is a
reason why the Government of the United
States needs a bridge here that does not apply
to any other point that I know of: it is an
absolute necessity that the Government of tiie
United States must have it.
> Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, this is not
a new proposition. In the act making appro- '
priations for the support of the Army for the
year ending June 80, 18G8, and tor other pur-
poses, approved March 2, 1807, this appropri-
ation was made, with the proviso which I will
road :
Rock Island and Pacific Ildilruuci Company shall
have the right of way over said bud«e Mr all pur-
poses ot transit across the island and river ubon
condition that the said company shall, bei'ove anv
money is expended by the Government, agree to t>ay
and snail sec-uro to the United States. flS, Lit uie
J,' ® ?aitl kr'uge: ilIHl second, half the expenses
tvih  ee rel>air: an(i uuun guaran-
tying taid conditions to the satislaetion oi tiie toerre-
tary of Xi ar, by contract or otherwise, the s,i<d ■ om-
rany shall have the free use of sa d t t
w"p Kjf bUt Wkh0Ut to
When they attempted to carry out this
arrangement between the company Bud lhe
Sccretaiy of War, ui pursuance of the provin-
j lous of tll1ls }aw> W S ascertained that the
, company had not the legal power under its
j to make the contract. The compa.,v
. and the Secretary of W ar ad interim—(}*.,„>r*l
11 Giant was tiien, 1 believe, acting as Secretary
