4276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
House in such shape as may be satisfactory to
the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I stated this morning
the reason why 1 thought we ought to proceed
to the consideration of executive business, and
gave notice that I should make the motion at
two o'clock. The debate on the conference
report upon the Indian appropriation bill has
prevented it. The honorable Senator's bill
was in order at one o'clock, but he chose to
give way to pension bills.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator knows I could
not help it.
Mr. FESSENDEN". The Senator gave way,
and those pension hills took up half an hour.
Under these circumstances I do not think we
ought now to launch again into the debate on
the Senator's bill.
Mr..CONNESS, We do not propose to
debate it. Just let us vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That cannot bo done,
because 1 know gentlemen will speak on it.
Mr. CONNESS. Let us have the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHKRMA.N. I desire before the ques-
tion is taken on this motion to submit a prop-
. osition relative to adjournment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not now. After we
go into executive session the doors can be
opened for that purpose if the Senate choose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Maine, that the Senate now proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 2o, nays 24 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Conkling, X)a,vis, Doolittle, Ed-
munds, Furry, i'essenden, Fowler, Frclinshuysen,
Harlan, llnrris, Henderson, Hendricks, McCrecry,
Morffiui, Moirill of Vermont, Norton. Rice, Sher-
man, feprn^ue, Sumner, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
Vicker.-s, Wh$le, and Witley—25.
NAYS—jtfessis. Buekalew,OattelI, Chandler,Cole,
Conner, Corhott, Drake, Howard, Howe, Kc'!
McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Nye, O.^born,
Poi.ifrov, Pool, lloss, Stewart, Tipton, Wade, Wil-
liams. Wilson, and Yates—2-1.
A I;[INT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony,Itnvard,Cam-
eron, Orusin, Dixon,Urlines, Patterson of New 1 fainrt-
sbire, Palteison ot Tennessee, Ramsey, Saulsbuiy,
Thayer, and Welch—13.
The Senate accordingly proceeded to the
consideration of executive business. After a
few minutes spent in executive session the
doors were reopened,
MKS3AUE FP.OM TIIH HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (II. R. No.
554) making a grant of land to the State of
Minnesota to aid in the improvement of the
navigation of the Mississippi river.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to take up the
resolution of the House fixing a day for the
final adjournment.
The motion was agreed to: and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution
received from the House of Representatives on
the 30th of June last:
lieiolved, (the Senate concurring.) That the Presi-
dent pro tempore ot'the Senate and the Speakei of the
House of Representatives adjourn their respective
Hou.-es without day on Wednesday, the 15fcii ot July
next, at noon.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state the reason
why I have called up this resolution and desire
to have action upon it. A rule of the House
of Representatives authorizes a motion to sus-
pend the rules for ten days before an adjourn-
ment, but as no time has been fixed for an
adjournment, as is usually done long before the
adjournment, they are embarrassed in getting
at the kind of business that they want to dis-
pose of, and therefore it is absolutely necessary
that the time should be fixed or be within their
power. Therefore, as I think we can dispose
of all the business necessary by Thursday, I
move to amend the resolution by striking out
" Wednesday, the 15th of July,'' and inserting
" Thursday, the 23d of July."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the.Senator
had better fix Friday.
Mr. CONNESS. I think we had better name
Monday.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is for Senators to
say.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We are so much em-
barrassed with treaties and other things in
executive session that it will be almost impos-
sible to get through by Thursday. However,
it may be done. I think we may accomplish
it by Friday.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have not the slightest
care about it. If Friday is the general senti-
ment of the Senate 1 am willing to accept that.
Mr. WILLIAMS and Mr. EDM UNDS. Let
us compromise on Friday.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; I modify my
motion and say " Friday, the 2-ith of July."
Mr. CONNESS. Unless the Senato wish to
be summoned to meet again in executive ses-
sion I think they had better not fix Friday.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We may be summoned
and not come.
Mr. CONNESS. If the President issues
his proclamation convening us, every Senator
who obeys his oath and his duty will be here.
There is business enough to last until Monday,
I would say Saturday rather than Friday; but
Monday would be a better day on which to
adjourn. The President has an opportunity
to examine bills; we shall not be so crowded;
the woik will be bettor done. There is a great
deal of business remaining undone still, and
there is a good deal of executive business.
Wc have passed over a great many names.
The President will continue to send them in.
To my knowledge there are a great many vacant
places in the State I represent, l'or which no
nominations have been made. In the ease of
vacant post offices the Postmaster General will
exercise his power under the law of appointing
special agents to take charge of them, and we
shall be m a bad condition. I move to amend
the moiiou of the Senator from Ohio by sub-
stituting Monday next, the 27th day of July.
I think if we can finish up our business at that
time we shall do well. If Ave attempt to ad-
journ before that time I think it is exceed-
ingly doubtful whether we shall not get a very
much longer session.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe that every ap-
propriation bill is now out of the way. I am
so informed by the chairman of the^Commit-
tee on Appropriations. The deficiency bill is
now in conference, and will be agreed upon in
a short time, I do not know that there is a
single measure of general importance that has
not been acted upon. We can dispose of the
executive business, in my judgment, ill four
hours.
Mr. ANTHONY. There is one very import-
ant measure pending, 1 think, and that is the
Alaska appropriation. I should feel very much
mortified if that should be lost.
Mr. RAMSEY. I wish to say on this sub-
ject of adjournment, that every Senator knows
that within the last ten days or two weeks of
the session the Committee on Finance come in
from day to day and monopolize all the hours
of the day and drive out every other kind of
business, and then as soon as they get through
with their measures they tell us all the busi-
ness is disposed of, and we are ready to adjourn
at once.
Mr. POMEROY. There is no doubt that
we have the power to adjourn to-morrow ; but
if we expect to complete the public business,
we shall not be able to adjourn.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the "public
business," aliow me to ask.
Mr. POMEROY. One of the most import-
ant things, in my mind, is to be sure that we
make a law out of the bill that passed the
Senate last night. There is not a more im-
portant measure to secure the restoration of
the States and to preserve peace and order m
the South than that measure. You may run
off and leave it in the bands of the Executive
if you choose.
Mr. CONKLING. The apprehension of the
Senator seems to be that the President may
veto that bill, or that he may not return it in
time. Is that it ?
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator ean draw
his own conclusions. We have always found
that it took ten days on any measure of that
character.
Mr. CONKLING. I only inquire if that is
it. If that is it it is^inswered entirely, to my
mind, by this consideration : if we fix au hour
of adjournment and there is an important bill
that has not come back, all we need to do is
that which has been done so repeatedly, even
during my brief experience here, to extend for
a short time the session, or if need be rescind
the resolution. There is no difficulty about
that in the world.
Mr. POMEROY. The next point I desire
to make is this: after passing that measure,
which I consider of the greatest importance of
any we now have pending, the newspapers have
spoken of a treaty with China. I should like
to know if Senators intend to adjourn without
confirming that?
ill-. SHERMAN. We can confirm that in
five minutes.
Mr. CONNESS. No, sir; you cannot.
Mr. POMEROY. You cannot confirm it
in three days, and begin it to-day, if Senators
make the speeches they design to make upon it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. There is no necessity of
confirming it.
Mr. POMEROY. Yresterday was spent on
a treaty that everybody understands, and every-
body knows what the executive session is for
to-day. You may conclude the legislative busi-
ness in ten days, but if you adjourn before
that we shall be certain to have an executive
session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it is important
to finish the business. Whether we do finish
it or not will depend upon the wishes and in-
clinations of gentlemen of the Senate. If it is
the determination of anybody, after we have
fixed a day, to talk against time for the Make
of defeating anything, of course we shall not
get through the business. I cannot presume
that that is the intention. We have got two
treaties. They need not necessarily take up
much time. We have got some Indian treaties
beside, I suppose, which will not take up a
great deal of time.
Mr. STEWART1. They ean go over.
Mr. HENDERSON. No: they cannot.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Some,' perhaps, may be
put by, and some not. Then we have thenom-
inations, which necessarily take very little time.
Therefore, if wo are disposed to do the busi-
ness, we can do it in a very short period.
There is nothing left that is absolutely requi-
site. Senators need not say much about the
appropriation bills, because those bills are ne-
cessary in order that the Government should
go on. By common consent they are consid-
ered as the bills wluch take precedence. They
have been disposed of substantially. Every-
thing of that sort, except the little bill which
was passed this morning is substantially out
of the way, and that will require very little
time.
-It is quite manifest that we never can close
this session until we fix a day for closing it.
When we do we work with reference to the
time that is left us and what we have to do,
and the Senate is generally disposed to take
up that which is indispensable first, and then,
if there is any time left, to devote it to what
they deem the next most important busines-s.
Now, I take it that what are indispensable
are appropriation bills, winch arc pretty
much disposed of, and the executive business,
which we want to dispose of for our own con-
venience. It may be that we shall not eft
through the whole of it. That will depend
entirely upon Senators, and whether the Pies-
Went is disposed to let us go through: bnt the
business that is on the Calendar of an execu-
tive character I suppose could be disposed of
m a couple of hours if we set ourselves to work
to do it. But if Senators are determined to
push matters of rather a private character to
