1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4277
the exclusion of that kind of business of course
we cannot get' through; and that will be the
question for the Senate to decide.
Mr. CONN ESS. What does the Senator
mean by '• matters of a private character?"
Mr. EESSENDBN. Substantially of a pri-
vate character—pension bills, for instance,
such as we had up to-day.
Mr. CONNESS. They are public.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, everything is
public in one sense.
Mr. ANTHONY. Railroad grants?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, railroad grants
and tilings of that sort. They are all public in
one sense and private in another sense. I
mean that they are not precisely that kind of
business which it is indispensable to the wel-
fare of the Republic between the time that can
elapse between now and the next session of
Congress shall be passed at this session ; that
is all. 1 f Senators desire that everything that
any one Senator feels an interest in shall be
disposed of at this session instead of going
over to the next,when it will be in order, all
we have got to do is to sit straight along and
not adjourn at all. That is the result inevit-
ably ; but that has never been considered the
mode in which business was accomplished here,
and we have necessarily to leave at the end of
the long session a great deal of business to go
over to the short session. And when we came
to a point like this, having sat now until the
21st day of July, and being obliged to remain
here a few days longer, and to meet again in so
short a period, I think the majority of the Sen-
ate will be disposed to take up that business
which is indispensable, do it, and adjourn,
and to fix a day with reference to that; and
that day may be fixed. If it become neces-
sary, as my friend from New York said,forany
particular reason to go over for a day or two
longer, so be it. I have no objection to in-
serting Monday, as the honorable Senator from
California suggests, but I do not think it is
necessary.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to say, if the honor-
able Senator will permit me, that there is not
4Uiy Senator here who is more anxious to get
away than I am ; but-when the Senator speaks
of private legislation 1 do not know that he
means to class the bill I have been urging upon
the attention ofthe Senate as private legislation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What bill does the
Senator refer to ?
Mr. CONNESS. The bill for the protection
of American citizens abroad.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No; I do not think
that is a private bill.
Mr. CONNESS. It is known that that bill
is yet unacted upon and it must go back to the
other House.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is an important
bill of a public character; but 1 do not think
the world will fall if it is not passed.
Mr. CONNESS. I agree with the Senator;
nor would it fall if he and I were dead and
buried.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think it would.
Mr. CONNESS. But still we had both better
live our time out. ,
Mr. FESSENDEN. In order to live our
time out., we had better be thinking of the day
of adjournment. [Laughter.] It is with ref-
erence to that very thing that we should fix it,
and fix it at some reasonable time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think now it
is rendered entirely probable that we can dis-
pose of our public business and adjourn on
i'riday. I think there is an advantage in fix-
ing Friday, even if it were probable that we
should not adjourn until Monday, because if
the day is fixed on Friday we shall all work
up to that time ; and that will be particularly
the case with the President. Some bills may
go to the President about which he may want
some time for consideration, but if Congress
indicate a desire to getaway on Friday,.he will
work to that end : so that both branches work-
ing to that end, and the President having notice
that we desire to get away on Friday, it may
facilitate the dispatch of some public business.
Therefore I hope we shall agree upon that day,
even though it were probable that we should
be obliged on Friday to extend it to Monday,
and there will be no inconvenience in doingit.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not see, for one, how
the Senate can consent to fix any time for ad-
journment uutil the bill has become a law of
which the Senator from Kansas spoke. In my
opinion, if we leave that bill unacted on, fail
to see that it is a law, it is just a question of
giving up the loyal men of the South to rebel
domination in the coming election and there-
after. I do not wish to stay here any more
than any one else does, but I wish to stay here
until we establish the work we have done or
put it in the way of being established. I can-
not consent, for one, to fix any day of adjourn-
ment until we know what is to become of the
bill that we passed last night.
Mr. HOWARD. I concur entirely with the
Senator from Missouri. I look upon the bill
to which he has referred as one of the utmost
importance, and I think that the peace of the
country, especially of the southern States de-
pends in a very great degree upon that bill be-
cominga law, and Ithink Congress ought notby
an adjournment to enable Mr. Johnson to put
that bill in his pocket, and thus suppress it
forever. I look upon it as perhaps, in a cer-
tain sense, the most important bill that we have
passed this session ; and for one I cannot con-
sent to the adjournment of Congress until it is
certain that that bill has become a law. I have
no doubt that Mr. Johnson will veto that bill
for various i-easons. Judging from the veto
which he sent us yesterday, it is morally cer-
tain that he will veto it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He will send it right
back.
Mr. DRAKE. How do you know?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Because his friends say
he will.
Mr. HOWARD. I have no sort of confi-
dence in the assurances as to the conduct of
Mr. Johnson that we derive from his so-called
friends. He will take the full ten days to con-
sider that bill as is his constitutional right.
He will exhaust the whole of the time. Sup-
pose that bill is passed by the House of Rep-
resentatives to-day and delivered to him to-day,
which possibly may be the case ; I do not
know; he would have all the rest of this week,
and he would have every week day during the
next week, including a week from next Satur-
day to consider it, and he would not be obliged
to send it into Congress until the following
Monday, which would be the 3d of August.
I think it would be running great hazard to
leave the peace of the country in so precarious
a condition as we should if we should go away
leaving that bill in its present condition.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I shall
vote for the earliest day of adjournment, and
one desire that I have would be, if possible, to
defeat the bill passed yesterday referred to by
the Senator from Kansas and the Senator from
Michigan ; and I think it is the duty of the
President, if possible, to defeat it by any con-
stitutional means within his power. I think
that bill can promote no good to this country.
1 think pending a presidential election of so
exciting a character as we are likely to have,
it is an element of great danger to the peace
and quiet of the country. It is known very
well that there is a desire for the reduction of
the Army. No Senator desires it more earn-
estly than myself. When there is a public
measure of such importance as the reduction
ofthe Army, the reduction, it possible, some-
what of the enormous expenses of the military
institutions of the country, it is not right in
my judgment to tack upon it a proposition so
dangerous to the public peace.
I know that there is no occasion for the dis-
tribution of arms in the State of Indiana; my
colleague must know that: and I believe that I
know that there is no occasion for the distribu-
tion of arms in any State of the North. We are
in a state of peace and quiet and harmony there
so far as I know, except to the extent that the
passions of the people are excitcd by the pend-
ing presidential contest, and those passions
ought not to be increased by placing in the
hands of any party of the people the public
arms.
In the South, so far as it has been possible
to do so, the legislation of this country has
arrayed politically the white man against the
black man. Now, by this measure it is pro-
posed—I will not say it is the purpose, but it
is a sure consequence of the measure—'to
array with military force and military power
the black race against the white race. 1 have
heard these statements about the murdering
of freedmen in the southern States until they
have becomedisgusting to me. I have inform-
ation which justifies my judgment in disregard-
ing all such rumors and reports. I do not
believe a word of them. That there are dis-
turbances in that section of the country, as
there are in the North, 1 have no doubt. We
have murderers in the North. We have public
disturbances sometimes in the North. So
they will occur m the South. They are always
likely to occur in a country where public affairs
are under the control of the people, and pub-
lic passion is likely to be excited by the con-
troversies for the control of the puUlic judg-
ment.
Now, sir, you propose to place in these States
ofthe South this large amount of public arms;
for what purpose? You say for the purpose
of defense at the election. I say for the pur-
pose—I will not use the word "purpose"—
but to result in placing the election in these
States as far as possible under the control of
a military power; that we are to abandon the
American idea that the in telligence of the peo-
ple is to control the popular elections, and we
are to resort to the worst examples that history
furnishes us of controlling a popular election
by military power. In neither North or South
is this right.
Your presidential candidate closes his letter
of acceptance by saying "let us have peace,"
and every heart in the land says "let us have
peace;" but does any Senator believe that
peace is promoted by arming one political party
against the other party in a state of public sen-
timent such as we have at this time? In your
bill you have provided that these arms are to
fall into the hands of only one class of men, a
class whom you denominate as "loyal;" and
that simply means this much and no more:
the men who support your partisan cause. The
term "loyalty" in the southern States np
longer means that class of white people or col-
ored people, if you please, who, during the
struggle and the controversy of arms for five
years stood by the cause of the Union. It
does not mean that class of men  
Mr. NYE. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him aquestiou?
Mr. HENDRICKS. It would be much more
agreeable if I were allowed to finish the state-
ment of an idea before the question is asked.
By your legislation you have relieved from
disability within the last month, by the hun-
dreds men who participated in the rebellion,
men who agitated it; some who left the Halls
of Congress to go into secession, and others
who in State convention and in State Legisla-
ture demanded to take their States out. You
have clothed with loyalty by act of Congress
men who rallied the southern young men under
the banner of the confederate government,
men who by speech and every power that they
could command called out the young men of
the South to fight in the cause against the Gov-
ernment. You have clothed with loyalty men
who went with bloody hands through tiiis war.
It is no longer a definition of " loyalty "in the
southern States, according to partisan language,
that men even refrained from aiding the cause
of the rebellion. You have added to the list
those whom Congress has seen fit to pardon.
They now become a portion of the " loyalty
of the southern States, and they, the men vyho
used arms to shoot northern soldiers for four
years, are to be armed by an act of Congress
that they may control the popular election
next fall.
