1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ecution lender this act shall be allowed without th,e
permission in writing of tho Sccretary'of thcTrc^ury
and tlie Attorney General.
And the Senate agr^e to the same.
/ ROBERT C. SCHENCK,
/ JAMES BROOKS,
T. W. FERRY.
Managers on the part of the Mouse.
JOHN SHERMAN,
J. M. HOWARD,
0. P. MORTON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, this second
conference has so far narrowed the matters in
question between the two Houses that I think
1 can submit this report to the House for its
action with a very brief explanation. The first
two points which were the subjects of confer-
ence were those which related to the advan-
tage resulting to certain contractors for machin-
ery for the Government from the remission of
the tax, and regulations in regard to drawbacks.
The second conference agreed to these provis-
ions precisely as they had been agreed to be-
fore, leaving them to stand according to the
former action of the House, and as was under-
stood then, and as has since been proved, ac-
cording to the wish of the Senate, the Senate
now having agreed to the whole of this report.
The first question in relation to which there
was any special difference to be anticipated, is
that which relates to taxation. The committee
of conference have agreed upon a modification
of the section on that subject which the House
adopted, but which the Senate did not agree
to, after the former report of the committee of
conference; that modification is as to this point:
they left the provision of two mills tax upon
all sales over $5,000 of goods manufactured
and sold by any manufacturer, with the excep-
tion that the tax shall not extend to bread-
stuffs and unmanufactured lumber.
The other point is this: the committee of
conference agreed to change the time for the
assessment and collection of the tax, so that,
instead of being provided for monthly, the as-
sessment and collection shall be only quarter
yearly, four times in a year instead of twelve
times. I apprehend that the House will be
satisfied to adopt what it adopted before with
those two points of difference, making it still
more satisfactory.
As to the first section, which related to dis-
tillers and distilled spirits, the last committee
of conference have agreed to strike out every
part of it except the provision making it a
penal offense for the distiller to carry on his
business and to deftaud or attempt to defraud
the United States in doing so. All that relates
to stopping the distillery, all that was contained
in the first section adopted by the House pro-
viding for making a rule of evidence in con-
demning a distillery, is omitted. And there
remains in this case nothing now exceptsimply
a penalty provided against any distiller who
defrauds or attempts to defraud the United
States in carrying on his distillery.
The next section, in relation to the punish-
ment provided for revenue officers, for all their
various misdeeds, by consigning them to the
penitentiary in case of conviction, is left just
as the House agreed to it before.
Then there is only one other thing; agreed to
by the committee of conference; that is, an
additional section which takes away the right
to compromise or to discontinue or enter a
nolle prosequi in any suit or prosecution against
a distiller, &c., under the provisions of this
act, unless there is permission given in writing,
signed by the Secretary ot the Treasury and the
Attorney General of the United States. The
object of that is to cut off all compromises of
proceedings by the settlement of which some
of these officers have become' enriched while
offenders have escaped.^ With this explana-
tion, if there be no inquiry to be made by any
member, I will move the previous question
upon the adoption of the report.
Mr. BROOKS. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly ; as the gentle-
wan was one of the conferees on the part of
the House.
Mr. BROOKS. I desire tp say that I have
signed this report because it is the only way to
get a good thing, such as the House originally
proposed. The bill was so • far completed,
before going to the committee of conference,
at least in reference to Government contracts
as distinguished from private contracts, that I
am satisfied to acquiesce in it as a part of the
bill, although I do not fully agree to it.
I have considerable doubt in my own mind
as to how far the fourth section goes in refer-
ence to the tax on sales. But as that is a sub-
ject which will be subsequently investigated
by the House when we commence to consider
the general report of the Committee of Ways
and .Means, we can then correct whatever may
need correction.
I wish the House had not been called upon
thus early to act on the subject of fines and
penalties as to distilleries and distillation, the
duties on whisky, &c., but that we had waited
for the reportof the Committee of Ways and
Means. 1 do not believe it is ever possible
to collect two dollars a gallon tax on whisky,
and I do not believe these fines and penalties
will benefit the matter in any degree. On the
contrary, sir, I am inclined to think it will
rather propagate fraud and perjury and other
crimes, I have signed the bill notwith-
standing.
Mr. SCHENCK. We shall have these sub-
jects open for discussion hereafter in the
House ; but, as my colleague on the committee
has remarked, this is the best we could do.
We believe it will be more satisfactory to the
House than that which they before agreed to.
I submit the report to the House with the
explanation I have made.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to ask my col-
league whether the House is to understand the
action now proposed to be taken on the sub-
ject of tax upon whisky will bind the House
as a finality? I ask whether it binds the House,
or, on the contrary, leaves the whole subject
open for discussion and action hereafter upon
the general tax bill?
Mr. SCHENCK. I answer my colleague
that we throw the whole subject open for gen-
eral legislation. The introduction of anything
on the subject here was at the earnest solicita-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury and the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. A\ e have
not yet secured what is wanted, but have pro-
vided so much for some bad cases now exist-
ing, especially in the city of Philadelphia.^
Mr. GARFIELD. The Committee of Ways
and Means, then, intend to report a complete
and harmonious bill hereafter on the subject
of whisky ?
Mr. SCHENCK. The bill will be har-
monious, but I cannot say how far the House
will be when it comes to hear it. [Laughter.]
We have in the general tax bill, which we have
in part prepared, entire sections relating to
this subject. We intend to propose entirely
new legislation in regard to distilled spirits,
and to move it as part of the general tax bill
to the House.
1J r. INGERSOLL. I should like to ask the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
whether this last section in reference to com-
promise and discontinuance of any prosecu-
tion under this act will apply to claims for
drawback in the Department ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot possibly see how
it can. There is no such thing as a prosecu-
tion in reference to drawbacks. It refers to
preceding sections, where prosecutions are pro-
vided for against distillers and officers tor bad
conduct.
Mr. INGERSOLL. It relates to prosecu-
tions.
Mr. SCHENCK. Criminal prosecutions.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then 1 have no objec-
tion to it.
Mr. SCHENCK. When a prosecution is
once commenced it is required to be gone
through with.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am satisfied with it.
Mr. PAINE. I see, Mr. Speaker, that the
conference committee propose to tax "the
manufacturers of all merchandise, breadstuff?
and unmanufactured' lumber excepted." 1
cannot understand how unmanufactured lum-
ber can be manufactured merchandise, and I
ask for some explanation.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, the reason
for it is, if I may be permitted to disclose with-
out naming names, this: we could not get an
agreement on it without some such exceptions,
the lumber interest and the breadstuff interest
being represented in the committee and very
generally in the Houge and Senate. Th.e lum-
ber interest seemed to be satisfied that this was
all they could get.
Mr. Mfllixs rose.
Mr. SCHENCK. Let me finish the answer
I am now making. It is understood to be
unmanufactured lumber when it is turned out
of the saw mill in the shape of boards, joists,
laths, &c. It becomes manufactured when
dressed for making sashes, doors, windows, &c.
That distinction is drawn in the bill between
what is manufactured and unmanufactured
lumber.
Mr. MULLINS. The latter explanation in
regard to lumber has satisfied me. I was
unapprised in regard to what the gentleman
thought about the lumber region.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 do not know that I can
make any explanation clearei than I have made
it to the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Paine,] who again calls my attention to the
subject of manufactured and unmanufactured
lumber. As I understand the matter from
those more familiar with it than I am, the
making up or changing the shape of lumber
which is already made lumber out of logs is
the manufacture of lumber. In the rough it is
unmanufactured lumber.
Mr. MULLINS. Of course that is obliged
to be the meaning. The manufacture of lum-
ber is supposed to mean the changing of lum-
ber already on hand into a different thing.
Mr. SCHENCK. I believe it is as compre-
hensible now as it can be. I now yield to my
colleague on the committee, [Mr. Ferky.]
Mr. FERRY. Mr. Speaker, as my name
appears appended to the report I desire to say
to the House that, as a member of the confer-
ence committee, I was anxious to secure the
exemption of all manufactures that had here-
tofore appeared on the free list. But, as was
said by the chairman of the conference com-
mittee, it was impossible to accomplish this
desirable result. We therefore took up with
what we could get; in other words, with half
a loaf rather than lose the whole.
I desire here to state that, in view of the
phraseology expressed within the brackets—
"unmanufactured lumber excepted''—the ques-
tion arose in the discussion upon this topic
whether this phraseology would include all forms
of lumber converted into other articles, and I
think 1 do not mistake the views of the com-
mittee (such, at least, were mine) in saying
that the expression excludes all kinds of lum-
ber that have taken such other forms as to be
named and designated by other specific terms
than lumber. For instance, furniture is man-
ufactured lumber. So is a desk or a bureau,
sofas, chairs, book-cases, or any other article
of the kind, as well as doors and sashes. They
lose the designation of lumber when so formed
and so combined as to be specifically known
by some other name. I wish it to be under-
stood at this time that this is the turning-point
of construction. The exception applies to all
forms of lumber, whether in the rough or not,
that do not take other forms expressed through
a peculiar mode of construction, by which the
form aud idea of lumber are merged into another
specific, readily and naturally known and named
as such by all. Lumber continues to be known
as such so long as it retains its distinctive fea-
tures. When its characteristics so far change
by being transformed into another form by
shape and combination, so as to serve substan-
tially a different purpose as a specific and rec-
ognized article of merchandise, that moment
it ceases to be unmanufactured lumber and be-
comes manufactured lumber, or rather merges
