THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the court, whether tKe witness shall be further
examined. If not 
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask for the opini'on of
the court on that subject, whether the counsel
can renew the examination of this witness and
go beyond the question propounded by a mem-
ber of the court.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The counsel will
please reduce the question they propose to put
to writing.
The question having been reduced to writing
was sent to the Secretary's desk, and read as
follows:
Hare you answered as to botk occasions?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question is
objected to, and the decision of the question
will determine whether the counsel can put any
further questions to the witness.
Mr. EVARTS. We may be heard upon that,
I suppose.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Certainly.
Mr. EVARTS. The question, Senators,
whether a witness may be recalled is a ques-
tion of the practice of courts. It is a practice
almost universal, unless there is a suspicion of
bad faith, to permit it to be done, and it is
always in the discretion of the court. In
special circumstances, where collusion is sus-
pected between the witness and counsel for
wrong purposes adverse to the administration
of justice, a strict rule may be laid down.
Whatever rule this court in the future shall lay
down as peremptory, if it be that neither party
shall recall a witness that has been once dis-
missed from the stand, of course will be oblig-
atory upon us; but we are not aware that
anything has occurred in the progress of this
trial to intimate to counsel that any such rule
had been adopted, or would be applied by this
court.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Mr. President, on
Saturday this took place: this question was
asked:
" In that interview"—
That is, when the offer was made—
" what conversation took place between the Pres-
ident and you in regard to the removal of Mr. Stan-
ton
That question was offered to be put', and
after argument, and upon a solemn ruling,
twenty-eight gentlemen of the Senate decided
that it could not be put. That was exactly the
same question as this, asking for the same con-
versation at the same time. Then certain other
proceedings were had, and after those were
had the counsel waited some considerable time
at the table in consultation, and then got up
and asked leave to recall this witness this morn-
ing for the purpose of putting questions. The
Senate gave that leave and adjourned. This
morning they recalled the witness and put such
questions as they pleased, and we spent as
many hours, as you remember, in doing that.
On Saturday they had got through with him,
except that they wanted a little time to con-
sider whether they would recall him; they did
recall him this morning, and after getting
through with him the witness was sent away.
Then he was again recalled to enable one of
the judges to put a question, to satisfy his
mind. Of course, he was not acting as csun-
sel for the President in so doing; that could
not be supposed possible. He wanted to
satisfy his mind.
Mr. JOHNSON. What does the honorable
Manager mean?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I mean precisely
what I say, that it cannot be supposed possibly
that he was acting as counsel for the President.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Chief Justice, if the
honorable Manager means to impute that in
anything I have done in this trial I have been
acting as counsel, or in the spirit of counsel,
he does not know the man of whom he speaks,
l am here to discharge a duty ; and that I pro-
pose to do legally. And permit me to say to
the honorable Manager that I know what the
law is as well as he does, and it is not my pur-
pose in any way to depart from it.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Again I repeat, so
that my language may not bo misunderstood.
that it is not to be supposed that he was acting
as counsel for the President. Having put his
question and satisfied his mind of something
that he wanted satisfied, something that he
wanted to know, how can it be that mat opens
the case to allow the President's counsel t® go
into a new examination of the witness 1 How
do they know, if he is not acting as counsel
for the President, and there is not some under-
standing between them, which I do not charge—
how can the President's counsel know that
his mind is not satisfied ? He recalled the
witness for the purpose of satisfying his own
mind, and only for that reason. I agree it is
common to recall witnesses for something that
has been overlooked or forgotten ; but I appeal
to the presiding officer that while—and I never
have said otherwise—a member of the court
who wants to satisfy himself by putting some
question may recall a witness for that purpose,
it never is understood that that having been
done the case was opened to the' counsel on
either side to go on and put other questions.
The court is allowed to put the question, be-
cause it is supposed that the judge wants to
satisfy his mind on a particular point. After
the judge has satisfied his mind on that partic-
ular point then there is to be an end, and it is
not to open the case anew. I trust I have
answered the honorable Senator from Mary-
land that I meant no imputation. I was putting
it right the other way.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am satisfied, Mr. Chief
Justice; aud 1 only rise to say that I did not
know that the counsel proposed to ask any
question, and I agree with the honorable Man-
ager that they have no right to do auy such
thing.
Mr. EVARTS. Mr. Chief Justice, one mo-
ment will, I tnink, show that 
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. Will the gen-
tleman from Now York yield to me a single
moment, without pretending to interrupt him?
Mr. President, I desire, on behalf of the Man-
agers, here, so that there may be no possible
misunderstanding about it, to disclaim, once
for all, that it was either intended by my asso-
ciate, who has taken his seat, or is intended by
the Managers, at any time, or in any way to
question the right and the entire propriety of
any Senator recalling any witness and putting
any question to him that he sees fit. We im-
pute no improper motives to any Senator for
doing so ; and we wish it distinctly understood
that it is furthest from our purpose. But we
recognize his perfect right to do so and the
entire piopriety of it.
Mr. EVARTS. A moment's consideration, I
think, will satisfy the Senate, Mr. Chief Jus-
tice, that the question is not precisely of our
right to recall the witness, but the question of
right, if it be important to be discussed—and
it may be in some future applications of the
rule—is, that when the court have introduced,
by their right of questioning, new matter of
evidence that had previously been excluded,
then the counsel upon either sideare not obliged
to leave that portion of the evidence incom-
plete or without cross-examination; for some
piece of evidence might be drawn out that, as
it stood, nakedly, it would be prejudicial to
one side or the other, prejudicial to the side
whose witness was recalled, if you please-; and
certainly it would be competent, in the ordi-
nary rules of examination, that the counsel
should be permitted to place the whole of the
fact and the truth—within the proper rules of
evidence, of course—before the court.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If I may be allowed to
slate, I do not, of course, object, under the
decision made by the Senate, to a full answer
to the question propounded by the Senator
from Maryland ; but my objection is made
upon the ground that the Senate has repeat-
edly decided that the conversations of the
President were not admissible in evidence,
and the witness having answered the question
of the Senator from Maryland, it is not com-
petent for the counsel for the President, to pro-
ceed to examine him upon that point, because
it is contrary to the decision already made.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. 'TheSecretary will
again read both the questions, so that the
Senate may understand precisely what is
before it.
The Secretary. The first question was ias
follows:
When the President tendered to you the o.ffi'ce of
Secretary of War ad interim on the 27th of January,
1868, and onthe31stofthesamemonth and year, did
he, at the very time of makinsr such tender, state to
you what his purpose in so doing was ?
The witness having answered "yes," the
next question was :
State what he said his purposo was.
The question now is:
Have you answered as to both occasions ?
Mr. JOHNSON. That is not my question.
Mr. STANBERY. That is mine; and I
want to say one word as to that. Notwith-
standing the honorable Senator from Maryland
has put this question, he has put it about our
client and our case. They belong to us. He
has put it so that a new door is opened that was
closed to us before, and the court has gone into
that new evidence that was a sealed book to us,
about which we could neither examine nor
cross-examine. That which was closed to us
by the decision of the court on Saturday is now
opened by the question of the Senator to-day.
Now, I understand the doctrine contended for
to bo that we must take that answer, for
better or worse, to a question we did not put.
Now, Senators, if in that answer the matter
had been condemnatory of the President; if
the Senator had got as an answer that the
President told the witness expressly that he
intended to violate any law ; that he was acting
in bad faith ; that ho meant to use force, I am
told the doctrine here now is, "inasmuch as
it was brought out by a Senator, not by your-
selves, although it is fatal testimony to your
client, you cannot cross-examine him one word
about it." It is not testimony of our asking.
Suppose it had been brought out by the Man-
agers, could we not cross-examine. Suppose
it is brought out by a Senator, does that make
it any more sacred against the pursuit of truth
and the sacred right of cross-examination?
Does the doctrine of estoppel come here, that
wherever any question is answered upon the
interrogatory of a Senator you must take that
answer, without any opportunity to contradict
the witness or to cross-examine the witness ;
that that sacred right cannot be exercised !
that we are estopped not by our own act, not
by testimony we have called out, but we are
estopped by the act of another, and shut out
from the pursuit of truth, because a Senator
has put the question and the answer to that
question is condemnatory of our client ? I say
the moment that door is opened and new testi-
mony introduced in the cause wo have a right
to cross-examine the witness; a right to ex-
plain it if wo can, to contradict it if we can,
to impeach the very witness who testifies to it
if wo can. Every weapon that a defendant
has in pursuit of truth as to testimony against
him is put into our hands the moment such a
question is put and such a question is answered.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. Mr. President,
I think Senators cannot fail to have observed
the most extraordinary remarks that have just
fallen from the lips of the honorable counsel
for the President. It is perfectly apparent to
intelligent men, whether on the floor of the
Senate or in these galleries, that they have
attempted, through this witness, to obtain the
mere naked declaration of the accused to rebut*
the legal presumption of liis guilt arising from
his having done an unlawful act.
I am not surprised at the feeling with which
the honorable gentleman has just discussed
this question. If I heard aright the testimony
which fell from the lips of the witness, the
Lieutenant General, it was testimony that ut-
terly disappointed and confounded the coun-
sel for the accused. What was it? Nothing
was said, said the witness, in the first conver-
sation about an appeal to the courts, and
finally this was said, that it was impossible to
make up a case by which to appeal to the
courts. These declarations of the President,
