8254
_IHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
^.*!,?-.proTUion",of this ras0,"t'on shall beeon-
structed so as to conform to the requirements of sec-
' an,act e'"«led " An act to authorize the
construction of certain bridges and to establish them
as post roads," approved July 25. 1S65.
ioJiler,e Wiis 110 Co"gress in session in July
I860 ; but the general Mississippi river bridge'
bill is the act of July 25, 1806. The second
section ot that act provides all the requirements
hat Congress have recently thought ought to
bo imposed on bridge-building on that river
section two of that act provides ;
J.hat any bridge built under the provision*! of t-hic
act may, at the option of the eompmy bu?ld1ii il.n
iHiIililllii
0a,?° th an fcet. above extreme
ti fn fo A?i «^erstoud at the point of loca-
tion, to the bottom chord of the bridge nor vh-ill tho
spiu  of said bridge be le>s than two h2idrid an,?
bUy ieet in length, and the piers of said bridso shall
be parallel with the cun-out of tho river ,md th*
main span shall be over the ma in channe of he
nvor and not less than three humhllTe™ „ lenVth
iU S"slnfl \ffy bndS  b "lt uud«
l..li c constructed as a draw-bridce tho
same shall bo coustjuctudjKsa pivot draw-bridge with
a draw over tne main channel ot the river at a'n ao-
rffsl{u0an^ navigable point, and with spans of not
less than one hundred and sixty feet in length in
the clear on each side of the central or pivot pier of
sh^lfrSJv'Vi . */ nuxt idjciumgr spans to tho draw
sh.Ul not bt less t ban two hundred and fiftv feet • imi
sa!d spans shall „ot be less than thirty feet abov
low-water mark and not less than ten feet a We
cnoSIo?the i>>idatf' mai ' moasurinff to tho bottom
;h°of
whose eunstiaction shall not bo such a? to ad n 't of
their passage under the permanent spans of iw
budge, exccptwhon trains are missing*overthcsimc
but in no ease shall unnecessary delay occur in nnrm'
• taint'" Sal<l d™w duriDE   the paJsage of
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The error
will be corrected by substituting 1866 for 1805
if there be no objection. The Chair hears no
objection, and that correction is made. The
question is on the amendment as modified
.Hie amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SIIERMAN. I think the gentlemen in
Charge Ol tins measure ought to give ,iS the
costot the bridge, because it seems from the
papers that the cost is referred to and has been
estimated by the Government and the estimates
■if*™ S1., I should hke to know myself what
nr «l ni?> nnn "rP13 to be' vvJlet)ier $200,000
$200,000 amount appropriated is
Mr. W ILSON. I hope this measure will °-o
°Vm ""ite? ascertain the facts of the case.
Mr. MORRILL, of \ ermont. I hope it will
go over until next December, and I make the
motion that it be postponed until December
next. 11 anybody will look at the second sec-
tion, lie will see that we provide not only for
building one bridge, but for removing another.
I move that the bill be postponed until Decem-
ber. lhat will leave the existing law which
compels us to build one half the bridge, pro-
vided the railroad company build the other
half, and I think that is quite enough and much
more than we ought to do.
Mr. HARLAN That is just what this joint
resolution provides for: it re&mcts the old
law, but puts it in such a shape that it can be
executed. Ihe law as it stands would be suffi-
cient it it could be carried into effect. The
senator says he is satisfied with the law as it
exists.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No; I am
not. '
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like for inform-
ation to ask the Senator from Iowa one ques-
tion. Are there any bridges now connecting
the island with the main land?
Mr. HARLAN. There is none on the Illi-
nois side. The bridge there has been swept
away; and I have in my hand now a com-
munication signed "J. M. Schofield, Secre-
^ar>" recommending an appropriation
of $100,000 to put in the biidge between the
island and the Illinois shore, which bridge, if
this resolution shall pass, will be constructed
by tho railroad company.
Mr. WILLIAMS. So that the only bridge
now is the one connecting the island with
Iowa ?
Mr. TKUMBULL. There is no bridge now
connecting the island on either side. There
is no bridge from the island to Iowa, except |
the railroad bridge. ■
. r- HARLAN. It is not a carriage bridge ;
it is a railroad bridge. It touches the island
at a point above the point named in this reso-
lution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The communication of
the Secretary of War transmits a report of the
ordnance office, which says:
temporary bridge connecting Rock Island
arsenal with the city ot Itock Island, on the Illinois
destroyed by ice and Hood during the past
JT™ i V nd 1 , 0 ar,° "ow 110 means of communica-
tion between them but a temporary ferry. The ne-
mnn Mlil S"tt ° service renuiio fiequeut com-
munication of persons and transfer of materials
mpnuf . Il0-?ltr- arsenal, and the reestabfish-
s t-Jl M„ r 80 13 neoessai'y- A Permanent bridge
is pi 0/01 able for every reason, and on the ground of
i°brid?o k <Sinn S"°ij'iTfor tho construction of such
nriilinn Ir (i I ' 1 recommend that an appro-
ve impose '> *Um ru<lu0sted Congress for
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That is in
addition to this bill
Mr. lRlJMBULL. This is a communica-
tion dated on the 3d day of June I am
reading from a letter of General Dyer, who is
chief of ordnance; and that letter is commu-
nicated by the Secretary of War in the follow-
ing letter:
War Department,
o, T , , "AsmxoTo.v City, Juliets, 1808.
MR : i have the honor to send herewith, for the
cm tin V? r011 "■) r m'!'t)cr committee, a eommuni-
moml . "C • cluot of ordnance, recom-
mending an appiopriation ot $100 000 for tho rnn
srriieuon of a bridge to connect JImk Island arsenal
With the City of Hock Island. Illinois. alsl-u'u
Very mpeetlulJy, your obedient servant
J. M. 8CUOP1ELD,
Hon. SonrYLmt Colfax. ^"''et"rl/ of Wc"'"
tijiookcr o/ the llous?, of Representative#.
Now, this bridge having been carried away,
there is a necessity for a bridge at once ; but
this is not required if the bill passes, because
he bill under consideration makes provision
tor a bridge connecting the island with the
Illinois shore, as well as for a bridge conneet-
mg the island with the Iowa shore. General
schoheld was one of the commissioners that
made the estimates, fixed the proportions
which it was proper should be paid by this
railroad company to the Government: and I
have been assured by two members of the
House of Representatives, since this debate
began, that this bill did have the sanction of
the Secretary of War; that the Secretary of
War himself framed it in part; that it was
submitted to him and had his sanction; and
that that. Secretary of War was Mr. Stanton
I am authorized to state that on the authority
of two members of the House of Representa-
tives given to me within the last ten minutes.
1 trust, Mr. President, that this matter is
not to be postponed on the motion of the Sen-
ator Ifoiii Vermont, becausc he supposes that
this bridge is to cost something. Of course
■It is to cost something; we expect it to cost
something. Ana is it not something appro-
priate to the armory at Springfield ? Can you
manufacture guns and cannon without some
expense. After having commenced these
works upon tips island are you to stop?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. We do not
want a railroad there.
bridgks?RUMBULL" 1)0 y°™ n0t Want
^r- ;iIpSflIrJJr'rof Vermont. Not there.
Mr. FRUMBbLL If there is a necessity
| to connect the island with the main shore you
must have a bridge to do it. The War Depart-
ment thinks there is such a necessity and an
immediate necessity for such a bridge, and any
uTiToullZk there was a neeesskyfor
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The bridge
that was carried away cost $14,000, and I sup-
pose another one could be built for the same
Mr. TRUMBULL. Perhaps the Senator
from Vermont, has been there and knows what
it will cost. I know nothing except the inform-
ation communicated here officially. Accord-
ing to the estimate of the engineers of the Gov-
ernment, it, is economy to build a bridge that
will cost $100,000. The Senator from Ver-
mont says that $14,000 built the old bridge.
I am not, advised about that, he ruay be cor-
rect,; I do not know what it cost; but I do
know, according to the estimates of the proper
officers of the engineers whose duty it is to
inquire into this matter, that the expense of a
proper bridge will be $100,000. Now it is
proposed not to have a bridge at all, and to
postpone this measure until next December.
Then you had better sell your Rock Island
arsenal and armory. Sir, in my judgment, it
would be most miserable economy to postpone
the passage of a proper bill to carry out the
existing law. This is no new matter. As the
Senator from fowa has already stated, the law
made provision before for this bridge, but in
carrying into effect the provisions of that law
the railroad company and the Government
were^ unable to make a contract which was
satisfactory to both parties without some further
legislation, and this measure is framed with a
view to enacting the necessary legislation. It
is the joint result of a conference between the
War Department and this railroad company,
and it has the sanction of the \\ ar Department.
Mr. WILSON. I should beglad to look into
two or three points connected with this meas-
ure, and with the consent of the Senator having
it in charge, I propose that we now go into
executive session. By this course we shall
have some time to look into the matter,
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no objection
to that, certainly.
Mr. WILSON. I move, then, that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. STEWART, I wish to make a report
trom the committee of conference on the bill
for the removal of political disabilities.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw my motion to
allow that report to be made.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
t,vtmheSvfgeJrrf the House of Representa-
hl?I y 1 its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
of the Senate, with amendments, in which it
icquested the concurrence of the Senate:
aJ ^i 104'1 t0 provide for appeals
p^ses; aend°"rt Cia!mS' ^ f°r °ther l)Ur"
hofdfe tht d'°t' -8I7) tC5 cl.ianSe the ti[nes of
UniteJVt f dlS.tnc' a,ld Clr0llit courts of the
KEMOVAL OP DISABILITIES.
report :STEWART submitted ^ following
disabilities, havin°* met atYpi* fnii"*" ^^ C-<iioliini ot
cneehave agreed to i^comm^nH ain? frce confer"
t0X&hXZa "<  < « follows:110 reeommet,d
the amendmento/the Senate 'in^ aisasrecment to
W'4h il folf1?^ins SreC 10 the Same
"George'W. Jone"?of1T "ne«oe'"°f'Alabaraa>" ^
in seet^nfo^r^nd'tnsm"0'''!^10/'6 " firet oecura
where it first oec^ Arkau^"
Xorth Caro"
an<? '."sert *' Willie Jones "UeS" 01 1,1 ortb Carolina,
North
and insert"" J. of South Carolina.
Strike out "John M. Rusty Tor Burtz "1
&iY:
JOHN SHERMAN'
Manager, m the port of the Senate,
Mr. HENDRICKS T^ 0/ 'he "'m*-
m contempt for the
