186B.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1207
customs could thus be collected, and yet I
would not condemn a man who believed the
law to be otherwise.
Suppose he differed with the Administration
upon that other question whether the forts at
Charleston ought to be reenforced, is he to be
excluded from his seat upon that ground? Is
he the only man in the country who thought it
was best not to reenforce the forts at Charles-
ton at that ti me ? Suppose he thought the time
for reconciliation had not fully passed; sup-
pose he thought, in his judgment and con
science, that war could be avoided, and that it
was better not to reenforce the forts at that
time, with a view to some peaceable reconcilia-
tion between the sections, in that case would
he not be acting properly to give such advice
to the Administration, and if overruled upon
a question like that had he not the right to
resign his seat in the Cabinet ?
Why, Mr. President, I think that some two
or three months afterward that same question
was considered in another Cabinet. Was it
not telegraphed to Charleston, after Mr. Lin-
coln's Cabinet was organized, that the forts
were not going to be reenforced? Was there
not a letter written by Mr. Harvey, the present
minister to Portugal, in which he said he knew
what were the counsels of Mr. Lincoln's admin-
istration upon that question ? Did he not, in
that letter, say that he was authorized by that
Cabinet to inform the authorities of Charleston
or of South Carolina that the forts would not
be reenforced or supplied? What was the
policy of Mr. Lincoln's administration at that
time upon that question ? It was, as published
at the time, to avoid bloodshed, to avoid the
immediate clash of arms, hoping yet, I pre-
sume, to avoid the war that seemed so immi-
nent.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator, doubtless, de-
sires to be accurate. I think the telegram was
exactly the reverse. The telegram that was
sent by Mr. Harvey to the parties in Charles-
ton was that Port Sumter was going to be re-
enforced ; and it was on the strength of that
telegram that the attack was made upon Fort
Sumter.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not recollect it
so. I have not read it for some time. If so,
what occasion was there for Mr. Harvey to
write his letter explaining that?
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know anything
about any such letter. I never knew he did
write such a letter. Mr. Harvey telegraphed—
and, as was afterward stated, and, I believe,
truly stated, with the knowledge of the Secre-
tary of State—to the effect that Fort Sumter
was about to be reenforced, and as soon as that
telegram was received in Charleston the attack
was made upon Fort Sumter.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Either in writing or by
telegraph Mr. Harvey informed the authorities
at Charleston that Mr. Lincoln's Administra-
tion would not reenforce the forts. He may
have corrected that by a subsequent dispatch ;
but there was a communication of that sort
made, which he explained in a letter which
was published; and I ask the Senator from
Iowa if it was not understood at that time that
Mr. Montgomery Blair was the only member
of Mr. Lincoln's Administration who insisted
upon reenforcing the forts.
Mr. GRIMES. I have heard that assertion
made, but I have no knowledge on the subject
myself. I have understood that many mem-
bers of the Cabinet at that time were opposed
to reenforcing Fort Sumter, but that the Pres-
ident and some other members of the Cabinet
were in favor of reenforcing the fort, and the
President's counsels prevailed and the attempt
was made. I know nothing about it, though,
of my own knowledge. I only rose to correct
the Senator as to the statement of fact; that
the telegram that was sent by Mr. Harvey was,
not that the Government were not going to
reenforce the forts, but exactly the reverse ;
that they were intending to reenforce them,
and that a vessel was about to sail that day
from New York with that view.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir. I think there
was such a dispatch, but I think that was sub-
sequent to a communication Mr. Harvey had
before made, assuming to speak for the Ad-
ministration. Anyhow, it was the subject of
discussion in that Cabinet, and Cabinet offi-
cers took the ground—I think there is no ques-
tion of that; I think the Senator from Iowa will
not question it—as late as the month of April
that there should not be a reenforcement of
Fort Sumter. Who questioned the patriotism,
who questioned the fidelity to the Government,
of the members of that Cabinet who opposed
a reenforcement for the reasons then assigned ?
The reasons were, that if possible we should
avoid bloodshed; if possible, avoid the first
shot of the war, hoping that the war might be
avoided. If any member of Mr. Lincoln's
Cabinpt who took that view of the subject were
before this body for confirmation to an office,
or for admission to a seat as a member of this
body, would it be brought up in judgment
against him that he held even as late as April,
1861, that there ought to be no affirmative ac-
tion on the part of the Administration which
might possibly bring on an immediate con-
flict?
Mr. DAYIS. If the honorable Senator will
permit me, "I will state a fact. I was here
early in the year 1861. I went to see Mr. Lin-
coln on the subject of our difficulties, and Mr.
Lincoln stated to me most distinctly that when
Mr. Baldwin and one or two other gentlemen
came here from the Virginia convention he
had fnade the proposition to Mr. Baldwin and
his colleagues distinctly that if tbe Virginia
convention would adjourn without doing any-
thing he would withdraw the troops from Fort
Sumter. The honorable Senator behind you
[Mr. Willey] I think will confirm me in that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not allude to this
part of the history of Mr. Lincoln's adminis-
tration for the purpose of any criticism, but to
suggest to Senators that the criticism they make
upon the action of Governor Thomas is not
tliat, which they would make upon any mem-
ber of Mr. Lincoln's Cabinet for the action
that was adopted by that Cabinet or any mem-
ber of it. I think it is much in favor of Gov-
ernor Thomas's action in the comparison that
what he favored took place in the month of
January and the action to which I referred
was three or four months later.
The Senator from Ohio referred to the speech
made by Governor Thomas the night he was
nominated. I think that is the weakest ground
upon which a Senator is to be excluded from
his seat that I have ever heard suggested in
my life. In the first place, the speech as re-
ported and relied upon by the Senator from
Ohio does not purport to give the language of
Governor Thomas. It purports simply to give
a synopsis. The same morning that that ap-
peared an account of his speech appeared in
another paper of equal respectability, to ssjy
the least of it, and no Senator can take ex-
ception to any word that is found in that other
report.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to interrupt him?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly.
Mr. EDMONDS. 1 wish to mention to him
the fact, which he has probably forgotten at
the moment, that the account which is most
adverse to Governor Thomas is sworn to, and
the account which is most favorable to him is
not.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was stating the fact
that on the same morning there appeared two
accounts of this speech, one appearing in the
Baltimore Sun and the other in the American.
There is no objection made by any Senator to
that speech as reported in the Sun. That
speech is reported in a paper friendly to Gov-
ernor Thomas. The purpose of that reporter
would be to give his language as accurately as
possible, because it was the act of a friend.
The report in the other paper appearing^ the
same morning is objected to because of the
style adopted. I think I could disclaim that
icport for Governor Thomas. I think every
member of the Judiciary Committee has seen
enough of Governor Thomas to be satisfied
that he never used the style of debate that ia
reported in the American. He seems to be a
smooth, polished, pleasant gentleman. There
is nothing in the intercourse of our committee
with him that would incline any Senator to
believe that he could use any such language,
and I understand him, everywhere and always,
to disclaim it. But, sir, perhaps within two
or three days after that speech was reported
he wrote a letter accepting the nomination.
That letter has been examined; it is known to
Senators. There is not a word, there is not a
sentiment, perhaps, in that letter which Sen-
ators object to. That is the deliberate expres-
sion of his views. But suppose that in the
excitement of the moment when nominated
for the office, in the midst of a caucus, he did
use language that Senators feel is such as he
ought not to have used toward them, is that to
be cherished against him?
Mr. President, so far as I am concerned I
have a great loathing for the style that, to
some extent, has obtained in political debate
for the last few years. By many it is consid-
ered a sufficient answer to an argument to say
that the argument is made by a " secession
sympathizer" or a "traitor." With others it
is considered a sufficient answer to an argu-
ment to say that it has been made by some
"Black Republican" or "Abolitionist." I
like neither style. It is not the style of address
that ought to be made to the American people,
upon whose judgment rests the stability of the
Government. But even if you did believe that
Governor Thomas used this language, and said
of the majority here that they were traitors as
against the Union and the Constitution, does
that exclude him ? There are some people in the
country who, perhaps, would believe what he
said, thattherewastreasonagainstthe Constitu-
tion, treason against the Union in the policy
that the majority in Congress adopted. But
suppose he believed it and uttered it, it is an
offensive mode of expressing a thought. All
that that could mean would be that the ma-
jority in Congress were not standing by the
Constitution; that the legislation which they
adopted was in violation of the Constitution. Do
not 1 myself believe that in part? But I do not
believe that any Senator is a traitor or false to his
convictions. I believe thatsome of the legisla-
tion of Congress is in violation of the provisions
of the Constitution, and it would be impossible
for me to change my judgment upon that ques-
tion with the information that I now possess.
If I express that belief at home, as I certainly
have done and certainly will do again, ought
you to turn me out ? Because I believe that
your legislation is in violation of the Consti-
tution ought you to exclude me from the seat
that a sovereign State has conferred upon me?
Have we, as Senators, our seats here by suffer-
ance, or do we hold these seats by right? If
by sufferance of the majority, I am prepared
to take my hat and leave this Hall; but if by
right, because my State has sent me here, I
stand by it "to the last. Is any Senator ready
to say that 1 ought to be excluded from my
seat because I do, in my judgment, believe
your legislation is in violation of the Consti-
tution? Certainly not. You concede to me
the right to hold and express that opinion
and to present arguments in favor of it. Even
if Governor Thomas should express it in bad
taste, if it even were so expressed, by saying
that this is treason to the Constitution, do you
desire to exclude him because he uspd that
language? Offensive as it may be, it is not a
ground for excluding him from the seat to
which the proper authoritiesot Maryland have
elected him.
But, Mr. President, that report of the speech
I do not believe myself. I know the reporter
has testified on the subject; but I know, at the
same time, that it does not purport to be a
statement of the language used by Governor
Thomas; and in a very short report, perhaps
the eighth of a column, the reporter under-
takes to give the body of the speech. Is any
Senator here willing to be held to such a re-
