1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2231
committee of conference for the sake of com-
promise.
Now, one word in regard to this subject of
manufactured lumber. It it not proper that I
should permit what was said by my colleague
on the committee of conference [Mr. Perry]
to go to the country without expressing my
dissent from some of his conclusions. I think
there is a misunderstanding between him and
other gentlemen on the committee in this. He
supposes that the committee, after full discus-
sion and consideration, settled upon some defi-
nition of the phrase "unmanufacturedlumber.!:
I do not so understand. If I were to give my
individual opinion I would say that boards,
when they are planed for flooring or ceiling,
have gone through another process after they
have left the saw-mill and have become man-
ufactured lumber. In that I would, perhaps,
disagree with the gentleman from Michigan,
[Mr. Ferry.]
If I were Commissioner of Internal Revenue
I would hold the meaning of the phrase
"unmanufactured lumber" to be simply this:
as we understand manufactured corn to be
corn converted into whisky or something else,
so manufactured lumber is lumber in the
rough converted into something else. In other
words, I hold it to be unmanufactured lumber
when it leaves the saw-mill, and that it be-
comes manufactured lumber when it goes
through any other process. But these opinions
of mine are not binding upon anybody.
Mr. PIKE. IIow about laths ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Those 1 suppose have not
gone through any second process. Any lum-
ber that has not gone through a second process
of manufacture 1 hold to be unmanufactured
lumber; and I would so decide if I were Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue.
I want this to be distinctly understood:
there has been no construction put upon this
provision of the bill by any assent of mine
which is to be hereafter binding upon any Com-
missioner of Internal Revenueor the Treasury
Department. We adopted the language of the
gentleman who desired unmanufactured lumber
to be exempted. That phrase is one which I
think is entirely comprehensible, and I am
willing to leave it for consideration hereafter.
Mr. BLAINE. I wish it distinctly under-
stood that in the judgment of the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means unmanu-
factured lumber is lumber in the condition in
which it leaves the saw-mill or in the first
remove from logs.
Mr. SCHENCK. Considering my relation
to the subject, 1 have no objection to repeating
brielly what I, as one of the conferees, under-
stood unmanufactured lumber to be. I sup-
pose that when lumber leaves the saw-mill,
when shingles leave the cleaver by which they
are made, when only one process has been gone
through with to convert it from a log into lum-
ber, it is then unmanufactured lumber; but
whenever it reaches or goes through a second
process of any character, for instance, passing
through a planing-mill or a dressing-machine
or a sawing-machine, and is converted into
smaller kinds of lumber, fancy lumber, then it
becomes manufactured lumber.
Several members rose to ask questions.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the Chair will decide
which one of the gentlemen who are address-
ing me is entitled to the floor I will yield, but
not otherwise. I have the floor, and when I
yield to gentlemen I will say so. I now yield
to the gentleman from Wisconsin.
Mr. PAINE. _ I wish to ask the gentleman
a practical question, one in which many people
in ray State are interested. The process of
making shingles is not exactly a single pro-
cess, as the gentleman from Ohio has stated.
It involves two distinct operations: first, the
logs are cut by a cross-cut saw, and then the
blocks are carried to the shingle saws and the
shingles are there completed. I ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio whether, under this confer-
ence report, shingles are .exempted from this
tax?
Mr. SCHENCK. I am not as learned in
shingles as these gentlemen from Wisconsin
and Michigan, and other places in the North-
west. I do not know that I have anything to
add to what I have already said to the House.
According to my poor comprehension when
all that has been done which is needed to make
a shingle a shingle, in the rough if you may call
it, it is unmanufactured lumber, but go a step
further and put a fancy touch on it, and then it
becomes manufactured lumber.
Mr. GARFIELD and Mr. BLAINE rose.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am attacked by my col-
league in the rear and by the dictionary on the
left, but I give precedence to my colleague.
[Laughter.]
Mr. GARFIELD. What my colleague is
now saying will be drawn into an interpretation
of this law when it becomes the law. I wish
to know, therefore, when, according to his idea,
shingles become manufactured lumber? He
saj^s when shingles pass out from under the
knife they are in the condition of unmanufac-
tured lumber. Suppose that shingle goes on
through, I should like to know at what point it
ceases to be unmanufactured and becomes
manufactured lumber?
Mr. SCHENCK. It is hard to go through
a cross-examination on the subject of lumber,
not having been educated in that line ; but
according to the best of my ability I will answer
my colleague. Ordinarily I do not know that
the shingles we use out in the West require
any additional process in order to make them
suitable for putting upon our houses. In New
Jersey and Long Island they get them up in
fanciful styles with scalloped butts and use
them as weather-boards for their houses. In
that way they may convert them into manu-
factured lumber. I suppose if they are planed,
jointed, or butted, and subjected to other pro-
cesses they might be considered as manu-
factured lumber, but I will not enter into that
question. 1 am not called upon to do it. I
now yield to " Mr. Webster."
Mr. BLAINE. The definition of myfriend,
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, is sustained by "Webster." He says
lumber is '"timber sawed or split for use, us
beams, joists, boards, planks, staves, hoops,
and the like."
Mr. SCHENCK. I am happy to find myself
backed up by "Webster."
Mr. PIKE. We should consider this to he
what it means under the language of the treaty,
"lumber manufactured in whole or in part."
Mr. SCHEN CK. The House does not make
treaties, and I prefer to have it construed as a
statute and not as a treaty; and if the con-
struction happens to be the same in both cases
I shall be satisfied.
Now, before submitting this question, I wish
to make a remark on another subject, which I
hope will not lead to any excitement among
gentlemen. I go back to that part of the bill
which relates to whisky and distilled spirits
for just one purpose. The Committee of Ways
and Means are exceedingly anxious to get a
rigorous, stringent whisky law, which shall pun-
ish those who are guilty of infraction of it,
whether they be tax-payers who are seducing
officers to commit fraud, or officers who are
seducing tax-payers or conniving with them
that frauds may bo committed on the revenue.
In the course of their labors they may often
make mistakes. They have in this bill at-
tempted to accommodate themselves to the
wishes of the Department in having made pro-
vision for an emergent difficulty.
The other day there was a debate on this
subject. We are accustomed to have our mo-
tives impugned. All the distillers howl at us
for the attempt that we are making, as they
suppose, to oppress them. Many distillers who
are not distillers, but who get excited on the
subject howl at us upon the supposition that we
are in some way playing into the hands of the
whisky ring. Now, until our labor appearsand
is closed up, I am willing to set one of these
things off against the other. They do not con-
cern me. I do not thinkthe equanimity of any
member of the committee is disturbed by these
outside commentaries. But, when a commen-
tary is made by one who may be considered in
some sense as officially connected with this
House, I think it proper to direct attention to
it, with the expression of a hope that it may
not occur again.
We have admitted here on the floor a gen-
tleman to report for the Associated Press. His
reports are also those which go into the Daily
Chronicle of this city. In the debate which
took place the other day I find that, not can-
tent with confining himself to reporting what
was said in the House, he reports his owu con-
clusions also, or gives intimation of his own
opinions upon the subject as the debate goes
on. Speaking of what took place on that occa-
sion, I find the reporter of the Associated
Press, and for the Daily Chronicle, holds this
language:
"Various other questions were put by Mr. Vajt
Wyck, Mr. srevexs, of Pennsylvania, iir. Bout-
well, Mr. ilexron, and others, and were replied to
by Mr. Schj-.xck, but no explanation was asked or
given as to what public advantage it is to be to com-
pel fraudulent distillers and whisky dealers to exact
larger profits than tiiey do at present."
That is the reporters remark, he being of
opinion that the effect if not the object of the
bill was to play into the hands of the distill-
ers and fraudulent persons to increase their
profits. Nothing was said in the discussion
on that point. I allude to it now simply for
the purpose of calling the attention of the
House to the fact that the reporter of the As-
sociated Press nor any other reporter should
undertake to interpolate his opinion either on
one side or the other into the account which
he undertakes to give of the debates and pro-
ceedings of this House, and to say—for 1 am
very candid in this matter—with the kindest
feelings toward that reporter, as well as others
connected with our proceedings here, that if
anything of the kind occurs again I shall feel it
my duty to bring it before the House for action.
Mr. BAKER. I desire to ask a question.
Mr. SCHENCK. I was about calling the
previous question, but I will yield.
Mr. BAKER. I observe that one of the
provisions of the bill upon which the penalties
of fine and imprisonment attach is in these
words:
" Or shall mako or sign any false certificate or
return in any case where he is by law or regulation
required to make a certificate or return."
I suppose the meaning is shall knowingly or
intentionally do this thing. It is usual in penal
laws to provide that if the thing is done know-
ingly or intentionally the penalty shall apply.
Mr. SCHENCK. That would be my con-
struction, and the word " false" is used with
a view of conveying, aslunderstand, thatmean-
ing. I will now call the previous question,
because there is barely time to go through with
the vote on this report by ayes and noes, if
they should be demanded.
Mr. HUNTER. Will the gentleman yield
for a question?
Mr. SCHENCK. Only for a question, and
it must be brief.
Mr. HUNTER. I see that the fifth section
of this bill provides for the forfeiture of certain
I articles used for distilling when the distilling is
carried on in violation of law. I would ask
the gentleman why the committee did not go
further and provide for the forfeiture of the
real estate on which the distillery is carried on?
Mr. SCHENCK. For the simple reason that
we are now, at the request of the Department,
passing a temporary law on the subject. We
shall report a law on that subject which I think
will be quite as stringent as the gentleman
wishes, but we are now only dealing out milk
for babes. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the report of the committee of
conference was agreed to.
Mr. SCHEXCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report of the committee of
conference was agreed to; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was acreed to.
