1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4279
desire to ask the Senator a question. He
knows very well that when the rebel army was
disbanded it took home with it its arms. He
knows, therefore, that those who were in the
rebel army have arms in their hands at the
South, while many of the loyal men of the
South have no arras. This gives an advantage
to the disloyal over the loyal in the coming
election. Suppose that arms now are distrib-
uted to the organized militia of the South,
will it not place them simply in a condition of
armed neutrality? His principal objection is
that these arms are to be distributed to the
loyal. Would he have them distributed to the
disloyal ?
_ Mr. HENDRICKS., I would not have them
distributed to anybody. I would have this
election go on under the benign spirit of peace,
and have the people at the ballot-box decide
the question who shall be President of the
United States, and I do not propose to go into
the inquiry how, as between political parties,
you shall balance the possession of arms. The
Senator from New Hampshire knows that the
arms that he speaks of are not in the hands
of the people. They were surrendered and
placed in arsenals, and are not in the hands
of the people.
Mr. DRAKE. Do I understand the honor-
able Senator to say that the rebel arms were
surrendered ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. _ Yes, sir.
Mr. DRAKE. I think the honorable Sen-
ator is entirely mistaken about that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. According to the terms
of the surrender they were placed in the ar-
senals, and not retained by the troops.
Mr. DRAKE. So many of them as they
succeeded in holding at the time of the sur-
render; but the great mass of their armies had
then dispersed and gone to their homes with
their arms in their hands.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, the
great body of the arms that had been in the
hands of the southern soldiers were not in
existence at the time of the surrender, in my
judgment. At recent elections there has been
no use of arms in the southern States; there
has been no parade of arms ; there has been
no trouble; there has been no backing down
of one party by the military power of the other.
There is nothing in the past which justifies the
assumption that you roust balance the martial
power of the respective parties. Then, sir,
this is simply a naked proposition, in view of
a coming election, a great and a very import-
ant election, that you shall arm one political
party against another; and I say that it is in-
structive that the States of Virginia, Mississippi,
and Texas are omitted from the bill. It is not
for self-protection; it is to arm men where an
election is to take place, and nowhere else.
Mr. President, I conclude what I have to
say by expressing the hope that the adjourn-
ment may come and that the President will
exercise all the power that he possesses to
defeat this most dangerous measure to the
peace and quiet of the country.
Mr. WILSON and Mr SHERMAN addressed
the Chair.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to say a few words.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was about to propose
that we go back into executive session.
Mr. WILSON. No; I desire this debate
to go on.
Mr. DRAKE. Let us have this out.
Mr. WILSON. This debate has come up
suddenly, and now I desire the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the Senator
from Indiana seems to have lost his temper,
and with it to have lost his powers of discrim
ination, and his fairness, too. He seizes the
occasion of a motion to fix the day of adjourn-
ment to make a labored misconstruction of the
bill passed by the Senate yesterday. If the
Senator had been here last evening he probably
would have taken part in the debate upon the
passsage of the bill then. Being absent then,
he comes here now and holds up that measure
before the country as a measure for arming a
portion of the people against another portion
of the people, as arming one political party
against another political party to affect the
elections this autumn. Sir, that bill has noth-
ing whatever to do with the elections in any
State this autumn. No Senator who voted for
that bill supposed that one of these muskets
will be on the shoulder of a single man on the
days of the elections this autumn. I do not
know of anybody who thought of it. I say
here before God that when I made that propo-
sition I never dreamed that one of these mus-
kets would be at the elections this autumn, or
that the proposition had anything to do with
the elections. I was surprised, I confess,
when the allusion was first made to the elec-
tions by the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If these arms are not
to be in the control of partisans before the
election, why was the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Maryland [Mr. Vickeus] decisively
voted down when he proposed that the distri-
bution should not take place until after the
election ?
Mr. WILSON. I will tell the Senator why
it is proposed to put these arms into the hands
of the Governors of the States for the better
arming of the militia. We propose to reduce
our Army from fifty-three thousand to thirty
thousand men. There are stationed in the
rebel States nineteen thousand men, including
about five thousand on the frontiers in Texas.
There are only fourteen thousand men sta-
tioned in nine of the States lately in rebellion.
We propose to reduce the whole Army more
than twenty thousand men. We expect as the
States are reconstructed that most of the mil-
itary forces will be withdrawn from them, with
the exception of the number necessary to hold
the forts and fortifications and military points
in those States. In fact, as the Senator from
New York suggests to me, the reconstruction
laws require the withdrawal of the troops when
the States are reconstructed. These States
have just been organized. Their Legislatures
are in session. It is expected that they will
provide for the organization -of some militia
forces for the purpose of maintaining the au-
thority of the laws of those States. They have
a right so to do, and it is their duty to do so
in order to maintain the authority of the Gov-
ernment and the public peace.
Now, what is the proposition which the Sen-
ator has assailed so fiercely? It is in perfect
harmony with all onr history from the begin-
ning of the Government to the present time.
We have for two generations made annual dis-
tributions of arms among the States to arm the
militia. These new State governments in the
South propose to organize militia forces as
these forces exist in the loyal States, to main-
tain order, law, and peace. Our proposition
is simply to give the Secretary of War author-
ity, on the requisition of the Governor of a
State who can show that lie has organized
regiments and companies, to furnish as many
thousands of arms as the State has electors for
President. The Governor puts the arms into
the hands of the militia of the State organized
according to law. That is the proposition and
all there is about it. The laws may bo vio-
lated, set at defiance by lawless men too strong
to be put down by the civil authority. Yes,
sir, before their militia is organized there may
be violations of law which will require armed
forces to aid in suppressing. If they organize
a militia, and that militia is well armed, the
fact that such a force is embodied in the State
will tend to preserve the public peace. If the
new State governments are weak, that weak-
ness invites disorder; if those governments are
strong, that strength assuresorder. I sayupon
my conscience that this proposition to aid in
arming the militia of the reconstructed States
was made in the interests of social order, of
public law and peaee.
That was the object of the bill. It has no
reference whatever to arming one portion of
the people against another, and no reference
to the elections. It is not at all likely that on
the day of the election, when the people of all
parties will go to the polls, one single musket
will be shouldered or any attempt made to use
one unless there should be a violation of the
law by powerful combinations too strong to be
put down by the sheriff or constables or the
civil authorities. Should there be such vio-
lence a militia force would then he called out
according to law upon the order of the civil
authority, simply as a posse to aid in the en-
forcement of the laws. That is all there is in
this measure, and out of this simple measure
for the security of law and order and the protec-
tion of the whole people we had last night
and we have again to-day passionate denua-
ciatious of it.
Sir, the Senator from Indiana talks glibly
about what the people want to know, what the
people will do, and what the people will not
do. Surely the Senator from Indiana should
have been instructed by the events of the last
seven years to be a little modest in his claims
to speak for the American people. The peo-
ple of the United States have not commissioned
the Senator from Indiana nor those with whom
he is accustomed to act to utter their senti-
ments or opinions, nor to announce what they
will do or will not do. Claiming to speak in
the name of the American people, the assem-
bled Democracy in 1864 pronounced the war
for the unity of the Republic a failure. The
American people sternly rebuked that pre-
sumption. Assuming once again to speak in
the name of the American people the Demo-
cratic chiefs of every hue in convention assem-
bled pronounced the reconstruction acts that
have restored seven rebel States to their prac-
tical relations as "usurpation," and as "un-
constitutional," "revolutionary," and "void."
It may be that the people will again sternly
rebuke the leaders of the Democracy for pre-
suming to speak the sentiments of loyal Amer-
ica. The lessons of the lasteight years should
teach the Senator from Indiana and his polit-
ical associates greater caution in their assump-
tions to speak in the name and on behalf of the
people.
A stranger listening to the Senator from In-
diana could not fail to understand that the
Senator was deeply impressed with the con-
viction that the majority in these Chambers
were filled with anxiety concerning the results
of the coming presidential election. I assure
the Senator from Indiana, and those who act
with him here or elsewhere, that I have not
during the last twelve months entertained a
doubt of the result of the approaching elec-
tion for Chief Magistrate of the Republic. I
took occasion to say in November last, when
the political associates of the Senator from
Indiana were jubilant over temporary victo-
ries, that nearly thirty States would vote for
General Grant for President of the United
States, and that tlicForty-First Congress would
have nearly one hundred majority in the House
of Representatives to support his administra-
tion. I have more than once repeated the
prediction then made. I can assure the Senator
from Indiana that nothing transpired in the
New York convention to shake my faith in
this opinion so often expressed.
The Senator from Indiana affects to fear
that the people will be overawed by armed
forces at the ballot-boxes. He demands the
right to vote u nawed by armed men. The Sen-
ator desires fair play at the polls; so do we.
The Senator's friends will have fair play at the
polls, and ke knows that they will have fair
play. Our friends will not have fair play at
the polls, and tens of thousands of his friends
mean that they shall not have fair play at the
polls. Tens and tens of thousands of poor
men, houseless and homeless, will go to the
election in which they and their race have in-
terests of such transcendent magnitude, under
menaces of being driven, they and_ their wives
and children, from their humblecabins, or being
dismissed from employment and fr°m the fields
they are cultivating on shares. lens of thou-
