4280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
sands of these poor laboring men will go to
the polls to vote for the security of their own
liberties and the enlargement of their own
rights and privileges at the peril of personal
insults and assaults endangering life itself.
Upon the heads of these poor toiling men,
emancipated and enfranchised by their coun-
try, will be rained down as they approach the
ballot-boxes the fiercest stormsofscorn,hatred,
and wrath. The men who represented the
southern States in the convention at New York,
assured their political associates that they would
carry the reconstructed States. They knew,
their political friends knew, that the rebel De-
mocracy can only carry the southern States for
their greenback and grayback ticket by men-
ace, intimidation, and violence at the polls.
It is the purpose of the boldest of the rebel
leaders, and in this they are sustained by many
of their northern associates to seize the polls
in the South and have the white vote alone
cast. At the ratification meeting in New York
Wade Hamilton called on his Democratic as-
sociates to register an oath (hat they would
place Seymour and Blair in the White House in
spite of all the bayonets that could be brought
against them, if they received a majority of
the white votes, and thousands of northern men
who have not forgotten their old servility to
their southern chiefs, respond with alacrity to
this appeal of the Carolina rebel.
The Senator from Indiana knows too well
that it is the purpose of the Democratic party
if it shall win power, to undo what Congress
has done, to overturn the measures of recon-
struction, to strike down the power of the loyal
and to putthc governments of those States into
the keeping of the disloyal. The President
refuses to recognize the validity of the recon-
struction acts or to sustain the newly recon-
structed State governments. The Democracy
in national convention assembled pronounced
those acts unconstitutional and void. Blair is
pledged to execute the will of the people by
trampling into dust the usurpations of Con-
gress known as the reconstruction acts. Ex-
confederate Governor Vance, of North Caro-
lina, announces at Richmond, that what the
confederacy fought for would be won by the
election of Seymour and Blair. Wise proclaims
that secession is more alive than ever, that he
supports the nominees because they would
assume military power for the overthrow of the
reconstructed governments at the South. The
pirate Semmes proclaims at Mobile that he has
been a Democrat all his life, before the war,
during the war, and since the war, and fought
the war on the principles of Democracy ; that
the issue will again reduce the negro to a sub-
ordinate position as the inferior race. Percy
Walker, once one of the Representatives of the
people, who denounces Grant as a human don-
key, and Colfax as a man possessed only of low
and persistent cunning, declares that the great
national Democratic party has taken up our
cause, that Horatio Seymour says the negro
Cannot rule this country, that, Blair says that
the white man's government should be restored
by the bayonet. Toombs and Cobb and unre-
pentant rebeldom leap to the support of the
Democratic nominees in the hope to win by
the ballot what they could not win by the bul-
let. Pollard is writing of "The Lost Cause
Regained." _ Wade Hampton reminds the
men of Baltimore of the time when the sons
of Maryland swept across the border and
stood side by side with South Carolina in the
glorious army of Northern Virginia. Cheers
for Davis and Lee and the rebel leaders mingle
with the shouts for Seymour and Blair. The
Democracy, separated for four years by the
bayonets of the boys in blue, rushes together,
trampling alike over the graves of three hun-
dred and fifty thousand dead heroes and of the
principles for which they fell. But these now
exultant and commingling hosts of the Dem-
ocracy will go down beneath the aroused patri-
otism and withering scorn of the American
people on the 3d of November, and the cause
of patriotism, liberty, and justice will triumph
under our great leader.
The Senator tells us that we have had here,
until they have made his heart sick, stories of
the outrages perpetrated upon the loyal men
and upon the freedmenin the southern States.
Sir, those tales of woe have made the heart of
the nation sick, and I should think the heart
of the Senator from Indiana would be sick,
too; but when he raises doubts about their
authenticity it only goes to show that the Sen-
ator has, like the men of other days, cast from
him the evidence that presses upon him from
every quarter of the heavens. I remember in
1855 and 1856 when the plains of Kansas were
reddened with blood, when the midnight skies
were illumined by the burning dwellings of the
actual settlers, when the House of Represent-
atives sent the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] and other members to investigate and
report the facts transpiring in that then distant
Territory, there were men in the House of
Representatives and there were men in the
Senate who scoffed and jeered and scouted at
all the statements made in regard to the out-
rages perpetrated upon the settlers of that Ter-
ritory. But their sneers, their jeers, their
denials could not extinguish the truths of his-
tory. That committee reported the facts; those
facts and other facts have gone into the history
of the country, and men read them now and
blush for those who perpetrated those crimes
and for those who apologized for the perpetrat-
ors. During the last three years there have
been tens of thousands of wrongs and out-
rages perpetrated in the States lately in rebel-
lion. Your Freedmeu's Bureau office is full
of the evidences of them ; General Holt'soffice
is full of the evidences of them, enough to
make the blood curdle in the veins of every
human being. The Senator from West Vir-
ginia last night read us a report made in the
constitutional convention of Texas showing a
condition of affairs in that State which makes
an American who loves his country, who re-
spects law and order, hang his head in very
shame. Has not the Senator from Indiana
heard of the riots at Memphis, of the bloody
massacre at New Orleans, where sixty-nine
cart-loads of murdered, outraged, and wounded
human beings were borne away, and where the
city authorities paid for sixty-nine cart-loads
of mutilated humanity?
Sir, we not only know these thing3 to be
true, but we have striven night and day, by
law, by every means within our power, to pro-
tect the weak, black and white, to maintain
lawand order and good government, to instruct
the ignorant, to lift up the poor and the lowly,
to protect the defenseless and the powerless.
In word and in act we have striven with all
the means in our power to make the rebel
States as safe for life, liberty, and property as
the most favored section of our country, and
every day we have been met in this Chamber
and the other by misrepresentations of our
motives and purposes, by denunciations of
military power, by talks about despotism, when
the whole people in those States—the poor and
the lowly, the black and the oppressed—have
had more liberty, Dad as things were, than they
had for years before.
Ah, sir, but the Senator tells us that we have
pardoned some rebels, we have pardoned some
men whose hands have been red with blood.
Yes, sir, we have, and we would pardon the
whole of them if they would give us evidence
of repentance, if they would manifest a dispo-
sition to forget and forgive. But let me say
that the men whom we have pardoned are men
who were proving by their daily lives and con-
versation, by all the influence they could exert,
that they have given up the rebellion as a lost
cause, that they want peace and lawand order,
and the moral, intellectual, and material devel-
opment of their section of country. That is
what the men we have pardoned and who unite
with us want. They do not want any more
war; they do not want any more slavery; they
do not want any more wrong and outrage; but
they are willing to unite with the men who
represent the higher and better sentiments of
the American people, the inen who have saved
this nation, emancipated a race, given rights
to the poor and lowly, lifted up the oppressed,
and who are striving to make every square
rood of the Territory of the United States the
home of liberty and peace and order and justice.
Sir, that is what we have been struggling for,
and yet by day and by night in the other Honse
and in this Chamber we have been opposed by
the men who sympathized with this rebellion,
this armed rebellion, this rebellion of the Dem-
ocratic party. Remember that every drop of
loyal blood shed in this war was shed by the
apostasy of the Democratic party to the cause
of patriotism and liberty. _ They talk to us of
patriotism and liberty ! Sir, the_ history of the
fast seven years is as black as midnight by the
deeds and utterances of men who are ever
blurting their Democracy into the ear of the
country. They talk of their devotion to human
rights, and yet they have fought and voted
against every law that has been passed and
every deed thathas been wrought which tended
to strike off fetters from men's limbs, to make
men free, and to secure or to guard human
rights. Now, because we are striving peace-
fully and loyally to build up the States that
have been in rebellion, to build them up on
the basis of liberty and justice to all men, to
build them up so that God will bless and
Heaven will pour its richest blessings on them,
because we are striving to do right, we are
hold up before the country as attempting to
influence the election by putting arms in the
hands of a portion of our people. Sir, we
have no occasion to resort to menaces. We
have something stronger than the two million
and a half rifled muskets or the two million
and a half of glittering bayonets in the arsenals
of the United States. We have justice and
truth em our side. We have our grand and
glorious history; a history full of deeds of
patriotism and liberty and justice and human-
ity ; a record brighter, fairer, purer, clearer,
holier than the record of any political party
that ever trod the universe. The world knows
it; history records it, and the nations accord
it while we are living. We have something
stronger than bayonets ; we have the cause of
patriotism. We have behind us that for which
the noblest and best of earth have died in the
dungeon and on the scaffold and the battle-
field, the cause of equal, universal, and impar-
tial liberty. We have the cause of justice, the
cause of humanity, and we bear in the western
world the cause of Christian civilization. We
have with us the hopes and the prayers of all
the champions of human liberty throughout
the globe. We have with us the utterances of
the philosophers, the poets, and the statesmen
of all the ages. We have with us the truths
embodied in God's Holy Word, and we believe
we have with us the blessings of that Being
who has carried us through the fire and blood
of the last seven years, who has made a mock-
ery of the acts and professions of those who
have assailed us on the battle-fields and in the
councils of the nation.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, when I
submitted this ordinary motion at this period
of the session to provide for an adjournment on
a given day, I did it in full faith that Senators
on both sides of the Chamber, the House of
Representatives, and the President of the
United States, would in the usual way enable
us to close the business of the session. I pre-
sumed that the President of the United States
would, according to the established custom,
appear here and sign or disapprove any bills
that were sent to him, and that members on
both sides would confine themselves to the
necessary business of this session of Congress,
and thus without unnecessary delay or political
discussion, we might be able to close this session
m theordinary way on next Friday. And, sir,
there is nothing in the condition of the public
business that should prevent us from aetiug
upon every bill, action on whieh is absolutely
necessary, by next Friday. All the ordinary
appropriation bills whieh crowd upon the
attention of the Senate, are out of the way:
I nothing is left but a few bills considered of
