i86a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4231
vital importance, upon which we must havethc
assent or dissent of the President of the United
States. When I submitted the motion, it was
in the full faith that the President, although
now spoken for here by those who did not speak
for him formerly, would either approve or dis-
approve any bill presented for his considera-
tion. But, sir, 1 never will press a motion of
this kind when a declaration is made here by
authority that the President intends to avail
himself of a constitutional provision to defeat
the will of Congress.
If the President of the United States, ac-
cording to the threat now made by the Sena-
tor from Indiana, will hold our bill in his
bauds ten days or any indefinite time for the
purpose of defeating the action of Congress,
then I am willing to take him at his word, and
I will stay here by him through summer's heat
and through winter's cold, and never leave
him until he approves or disapproves every act
which the Representatives of the people, and
the representatives of the States deem neces-
sary for the public safety. This is not the kind
of language to be uttered either in the Senate
or iu the House. If the President wishes to
have us here, let us stay ; and if the President
will resort to the extraordinary expedient of
withholding his action upon a bill which we
deem vital to the peace of this country, then
1, for one, will not propose an adjournment
until every act which we deem necessary for
the public safety has received his sanction, or
meeting his disapproval, shall have had the
action of Congress again.
1 do think, however, that the Senator from
Indiana went beyond what he was authorized
to say, when he stated that the President could
and would do, and what he would justify him
in doing; but at present, in the face of this
threat, 1 am not disposed to press this motion
until I know whether or not the Senator from
Indiana speaks in the name of the President
of the United States, and for him, or merely
indulges in partisan declamation.
If the Senator from Indiana had been here
last night, I believe he never would have made
the speech he has made to-day. I think he
was not here when the bill ot which he has
spoken was debated at great length. The de-
bate was led off by the honorable Senator from
Kentucky, and what was the result of it? The
bill enacts no new principle, nothing but what
is now the law of the land. There is not a
word in the section which the Senator has read
that is not now in existing law except the
word " loyal " is introduced as descriptive of
the character of the militia organizations to
whom arms areto befurnished. Theprovisions
of law now require every year $200,000 worth
ot muskets to be distributed among the States
in precisely the manner pointed out in the bill.
That is a permanent, standing appropriation,
not depending on the annual assent of Con-
gress.
Mr. NYE. And has been since 1808.
Mr. SHERMAN. It has been the perma-
nent and established policy of this Government
every year to distribute a certain number of
arms among the different States and in the pre-
cise proportion provided in this bill. There
was a departure from the precedent as it was
originally drawn, and the honorable Senator
from Rhode Island called attention to it and it
was changed so that the section now read here
is in hmc verba the law of the land. Indiana,
if she applies, has a right to demand her share
of the arms distributed according to law. This
appropriation hasstood for years unchallenged.
Mot only that, it has been considered so vital
to arm the people of the United States against
insurrection or invasion that it is transferred
from the ordinary annual appropriations of
Congress to the permanent appropriations which
stand aud continue year in and year out with-
out change and without regard to the condition
of the Treasury. The Governor of Indiana
may this day demand Indiana's share of these
arms, and so may each of the other States.
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts
ill opening this matter stated that we were
about to diminish the Army twenty-three thou-
sand men, at a saving of over twenty million
dollars a year; that a large portion of the troops
would be withdrawn from certain of the insur-
rectionary States where civil authority had been
again established, and he said to us that the
loyal civil authorities in those States had no
arms, no ammunition, no money, no means
of defense. The honorable Senator from West
Virginia read a statement showing that in the
single State of Texas, where the rebel author-
ities still control matters, over nine hundred
persons had been unlawfully killed in the last
three years. In other States the same lawless
violence prevails. A statement was made that
the loyal people of the southern States had no
arms, while the disloyal, those who were^not
satisfied with the new governments organized
by law, have arms and are now murdering and
robbing and plundering the people. Why, sir,
who was not startled by the terrible case that
occurred in the second most populous city of
the State of Georgia, where young men in the
highest rank of society marched at midnight,
some twenty or thirty of them, and killed in
cold blood a native Georgian because he was a
Radical? and it appears in the testimony given
on the trial of the murderers of Mr. Ashburn
that the women and the men there said that
what these young men did was right, although
they committed what God and man in every
other portion of the civilized world would
pronounce willful and deliberate murder!
With such a state of opinion in the southern
States is it not our duty to protect the loyal
people there who have accepted the recon-
struction acts of Congress, who have reor-
ganized civil governments there? Is it not our
duty when we withdraw our Army to enable
them to protect themselves, to furnish them
money, arms, and munitions of war for their
own defense? Sir, there is no danger of these
reconstructed governments being guilty of any
oppression of the people among them. There
is no evidence of any such intention: and if
they are armed with the few muskets provided
for by this bill they will scarcely bo on terms
of equality with those who have probably now
half a million arms in their hands left as the
(Ubris of the war and scatteredall over that
vast region of country, and still in the posses-
sion of those who lately used them in war against
the United States.
I am sure that if the Senator from Indiana
had been here last night and heard the discus-
sion he would not have objected to the bill.
Why, sir, how many arms does it give to any
State ? Take the most powerful of theui all,
the State of Georgia ; she gets but nine thou-
sand stand of arms. They are to be given to
whom ? To companies of militia organized into
regiments according to law, and that militia
cannot be called into action except in case of
insurrection or such riotous conduct as would
overcome and subvert the officers of the law,
and then these reconstructed governments
ought to have the power forcibly to put down
force and violence. _ _
No increased expenditure is involved. The
arms are on hand, two million of them, and
this bill distributes among the States one eighth
of the supply; and it may as well be understood
first as last that the governments of those
States now restored to their old places in the
Union and controlled by those who are willing
to abide by the result of the war will be main-
tained in spite of the muttered threats of un-
repenting rebels or the demands of the Demo-
cratic party, which hopes by an alliance with
the rebels of the South to regain their lost
political power. _
Sir, I did not dream when I submitted this
motion, when I was looking to the ordinary
termination of this session of Congress, that the
honorable Senator from Indiana would come
here and makeaspeechpartisanin its character,
the inevitable tendency of which is to prolong the
session and to unjustly excite against Congress
the contempt and hatred and indignation of
the people of the United States. The speech
was out of place and out of time. If he had
been here last night it might have been appro-
priate on the bill we were .then considering,
however unjust his reasoning; but now the
question is on fixing the day of adjournment.
A period of the session has arrived when it is
usual forallbranches of the Government to work
in harmony, and yet he tells ns that the Presi-
dent of the United States would be justified, in
order to defeat an important legislative meas-
ure—one that will save $20,000,000 a year,
admitted to be constitutional and in accordance
with tlie old policy of the Government—to
refuse his assent or dissent, and tlias, by his
delay, to compel us to choose between neglect-
ing a plain public duty or of prolonging the
session. I can only say that' if this is the
game I shall vote for no adjournment until
the President's ten days are exhausted on every
bill we deem necessary for the public safety.
Although quite exhausted by this terrible heat,
and anxious to get away, I am not willing to
go until I see a spirit on the part of the Presi-
dent of the United States, and those who are
his friends here, to close this session in the
ordinary way, to give us his sanction or his
judgment on our action without delay. Until
then I am not disposed to press any question
of adjournment. But, sir, 1 believe the Sen-
ator merely sounds a partisan bugle. 1 believe
the President will do what it has been usual to
do, give his assent or dissent to any measure
that we pass. Such has always been his prac-
tice. It was only in that belief, only with that
view, that I submitted this motion, and I am
now not disposed to withdraw it, but under
the circumstances will allow it to stand as it
is until to-morrow. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. C0NNESS. I hope that will not be
done yet. We have not time now for an exec-
utive session before the recess.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well. I will give
way to the Senator if he wishes to speak.
Mr. CONN ESS. Mr. President, I do not
rise of course to extend this debate 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to make
a report from a committee of conference.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before this matter
passes from the attention of the Senate I wish
to make a few remarks in reply to the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. C0NNESS. I gave way to the honor-
able Senator from Maine to make a report. I
prefer saying a few words now myself, and a
Yery few.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to make
a report from the committee of conference
upon the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the deficiency bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore,. The report
will be received and read.
The report was read, as follows:
The committee ot conference on the disagreeing
votes ot tho two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (TI. 11. No. 1341) making appropriations and to
supply deficiencies m the appropriations for tho ser-
vice of the Government ior the liscal year cnamg
June 30,1863, and for other purposes, having met,
after full and free conference have agreed to recom-
mend, and do recommend, to their respective Houses
as follows: ■. ±
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered, ten, nineteen, twenty-one, and twenty-
tWThat the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the amendments of .the Sen-
ate numbered one, two, three, iour, five, six, eight,
nine, fourteen, sixteen, seventeen, and twenty, and
agree to the same. .
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the seventh amendment of the Senate and agree to
the same with an amendment, as follows: at tlie
end of said amendment add the following: words:
" Provided, That said expenditures shall not be ap-
plied to any works not mentioned in thcbili
appropriations for repairs, preservation, ana^com-
pletion of certain PuMio works, and for othw p
poses,' which passed the House of
June 30,18G3;" and tho Ponato WW to too same.
That the House recede from their djs^eement to
the eleventh amendment of the Senate an ^
the same with an amendment, follow-
and the Senate agree to the same.
