1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
1209
on a like question, and that at the very sa-nje
hour and minute the 4a ne yellow lion was
roaring at the door o.f .the Senate and at the
door of the House of Representatives. [Laughs
ter,] -It is not for me to express any opinion
how a thing of that kind .could occur. It is
enough to' „knoiy .that a distinguished Senator
and a distinguished Representative heard the
lion roaring at tjie ,san £ time. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONNJSSS. Pgfjjaps it was no lion. .
Mf, .HSEMDfiI(GES> Well, they thought
there was a J n there.
Mr- SUJtNER. Probably there were two
of them, £L ughter.]
Mr. HENDRICKS. Some Senator sug-
gested that it was not a lion roaring j that per-
haps it was something else roaring; that there
was no roaring outside, but that the roaring
was inside. [Laughter.] I shall not express
any opinion on that question. There was a
good deal of appeal to passion and to prejudice
oi) that occasion, closing up by the poetic
appeal to the Senate.
Mr. President, it is better to discard poetry,
to discard passion, to discard party interests
and prejudices upon a question of this sort, to
do just what we would do if we were judges
upon the bench. Sitting as judges upon the
bench you would give to the meanest criminal
in the land the benefit of his own explanation
of his conduct when that explanation accom-
panied the act. That is ft principle of the
common law as old as the oldest writers, that
a man shall have the benefit of the views and
purposes that governed him and whigh.accom-
panied the act done by him. I think that
Governor Thomas is entitled to his seat. Upon
that question I have no doubt. It will make
no difference in political power in the Senate.
I look with great intefest to see what shall be
the vote on this question. If there be no other
Senator desiring to address the Senate I will
renew the motion made by the Senator from
Kansas, to postpone the further consideration
of it until to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. MORTON. I do not desire to make a
speech, but I desire to say a few words.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Indiana withdraw his motion ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. The argument, so far as I
have heard it, in behalf of Mr. Thomas, is an
argument of technicalities ; that although the
moral evidence of this man being disloyal is
overwhelming and irresistible to every impar-
tial m,ind, yet that there must be such technical
proofs as would convict him before a justice of
the peace, or else he must be admitted upon
this floor. Mr. President, I cannot sit here
patiently and listen to arguments which tend to
smooth away all the guilt of this rebellion.
Why, sir, if we are to believe the arguments
that are made in the Senate in behalf of Mr.
Thomas, this rebellion was simply an error of
opinion; there was no criminality about it.
We are told that if Mr. Thomas believed in the
right of secession a,nd did not agree with Mr.
Buchanan in refusing to evacuate Fort Sumter
he ought to' have left Mr. Buchanan's Cabinet,
just as though it was the most, innocent thing
in the world that a man should entertain the
opinion and act upon it that this Government
ought to be surrendered at the command of
traitors. And how did the thing go on ? One
member of the Cabinet left and then another
left, publicly upon the ground that secession was
right and that southern States ought to be al-
lowed to break up this Union and form a new
government without opposition. Those things
went on until the 4th of March, 1861, when
there was scarcely anything left of this Govern-
ment, as we all know. General Scott at that time
could not get more than six hundred troops to
protect the inauguration of President Lincoln.
Collect them from where he might, he could
not get more than six hundred, and had to
make up a portion of them by two or three
independent companies in the city that were
pot worth anything for an actual contest. The
President had to come here by stealth and
in secrecy, by eight, through the ,eity of Balti-
more. Every place had been surrendered -to
the traitors, every fort, .every dock-yard, every
arsenal, every southern city ; and we held but
one little spot, and that was Fort Sumter. All
this had been brought about by just such men
as Philip F. Thomas—wen who had given the
rebellion the most powerful aid and eaeo rage-
mentby leaving the Cabinet publicly for Eeasons
that were treasonable -in themselves. When Mr.
Lincoln cam.e into office he was here without
an Army, without a Navy; he was without
powers and if ke did aot immediately reen-
force Fort Sumter it was because he had not
power to do so. And yet we are told that these
consequences, thus brought about by such men
as Mr. Thomas, were mere differences of opin-
ion—that as an honest man he could not stay in
the Cabinet of Mr. Buchanan holding different
opinions from him!
A Senator has placcd in my hands a letter
written by Jefferson Dayis just three days be-
fore Mr. Thomas wrote his letter, and as it
agrees perfectly in spirit with Mr. Thomas's
letter I ask the Secretary to read it.
The Secretary read as follows:
Washington, D. C., January 8,1861.
My Deab Sir: Wo are advancing rapidly to the
end of " the Union." The cotton States may now be
regarded as having declared for secession. South
Carolina is in a quasi war, and the probabilities are
that events will hasten her and her associates into
general conflict with the forces of the Federal Gov-
ernment. The Black Republicans, exultant over
their recent success, are not disposed to concede any-
thing; and the stern necessity of resistance is forcing
itself upon tho judgment, of all the slaveholding
States.
The Virginia Legislature met yesterday, and took
promptly and boldly the southern ground. Missis-
sippi is now in convention.
I may leave here in a few days, though it is also
possible the State may choose to continue its Sena-
tors here for the purpose of defense against hostile
The confidence heretofore felt in Buchanan has
diminished steadily and is now hearly cxtinct( His
weakness hasdone as much harm as wickedness would
have achieved. Though I can no longer respeet or
confer with him and feel injured by his conduct, yet
I pity and would extenuate the offenses notprompted
by bad design or malignant intent.
With great regard, I am, as ever, your friend.
JEFFERSON DAVIS.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the attention of the
Senate to the coincidence between Ihisletterand
that of Mr. Thomas, written but three days after-
ward. They breathe the same spirit and they
are from the same secret council. Davis says
that he has lost confidence in Mr. Buchanan;
that his weakness is equivalent to wickedness.
Mr. Thomas tells the country in his letter of
resignation that he can no longer agree with
Mr. Buchanan about the measures he has taken
in regard to South Carolina. Mr. Davis tells
us three days before that South Carolina is
in a quasi state of war, and South Carolina
being thus in war and Mr. Buchanan refusing
to surrender the last portion of territory Mr.
Thomas leaves the Cabinet, I tell you, sir,
that he belonged to the same school, the same
nest of conspirators. He was one of the men
who begot this rebellion, who brought it into
being originally, as wicked as Mr. Davis him-
self. The moral evidence on this point is
overwhelming; and yet the argument is made
here that there must be a technical proof; that
all doubts must be cast in his favor to bring
this man upon the floor. It is said that the
lion is heard to roar in the lobby, and they
wish to admit him. Sir, we have enough lions
of that character here.
Mr. President, we have heard much said
about making treason odious. We have heard
the President condemned upon this floor and
all over the country for having conferred ap-
pointments upon men who were tainted with
treason. Sir, the mouth of this Senate must
be closed after Philip F. Thomas shall have
been admitted to a seat upon this floor. There
is not much use of talking about making trea-
son odious after you have brought one of the
original conspirators and placed him in a seat
on the floor of the Senate. Sir, the evidence,
taking it altogether, is overwhelming. It may
not be sufficient to convict a man before a
justice of the peace,' one of the most technical
courts, I believe, in the world, but it carries
eonvietion to the mind of every man that this
individual was a secessionist in the beginning,
a secessionist throughout the war, and that he
is one to-day. The evidence in regard to the
letter, in regard to his son, in regard -to his
course throughout the rebellion, all points in
the same direction and brings us overwhelm-
ingly to- die same conclusion.
Reference is again made tothe case of Mr.
Siqkes. Need it again bo said that Mr.
Thomas was a loyal man in the beginning? It
was said the other day with great propriety by
the Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Fowler]
that he lost his manhood for but two days.
He wrote the letter; but#before it had been
received by the man to whom it was sent he
was embarked in the Federal Army, and a
more gallant soldier was not found. How can
you compare Mr. Stok.es to Mr. Thomas ? For
a single moment that man lost his manhood
and lost his loyalty ; but it was immediately
regained. In the other case it was lost in the
beginning, has never been regained, and he
has never repented.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not know exactly
what my colleague means when he says that the
lion was heard in the lobby, and that we have
got quite too many here already of that style.
Between him and myself I have no explanation
why or how I am here. It is enough to know
as to the credentials that entitle me to a seat
that I am here with the voiec of the people of
Indiana; and if my colleague referred to me
all the reply that I deign to make is that I am
here by the same high right that gives him a
seat upon this floor. He will never induce me
to go into a controversy of a personal sort. I
make none with him, and shall only reply to
any allusion of that sort in such language as,
in my judgment, becomes the Senate of the
United States.
I am glad tho Senator has read the letter of
Jefferson Davis written on the 8th of January,
1861. From this time forth the mouths of all
honest men will be stopped in the repetition of
this slander, that Mr. Buchanan and his Cabi-
net were in secret association and counsel with
the traitors. Now, by evidence presented to
the Senate, it stands that on the 8th day of
January the Cabinet, so far as Mr. Buchanan
was coneerncd, and so far as the rest of his
Cabinet then in were concerned, was not in
sympathy, had no association and no counsel,
with the leaders of the rebellion. It is a vin-
dication such as T have not expected for that
Administration from such a source.
My colleague says that the argument pre-
sented here in favor of Governor Thomas is a
technical one. Why, sir, all penal laws are
technical in their character, and especially a
law that in its nature is ex post facto. When
Governor Thomas resigned his seat in the Cab-
inet there was no law to exclude him from a
seat in the Senate for any act of that sort. In
1862 the law was passed which requires the
taking of this oath. Such a law, penal in its
character, excluding from common rights, nar-
rowing, in other words, the rights of a man,
based upon that which is charged to be crim-
inal in its nature, such a law of necessity,
receives a strict construction; at least, it does
in all the courts, and I presume it must here.
A strict construction is given to any law which
imposes a penalty or a forfeiture of rights. Mr.
Thomas presents himself here as the elected
Senator from the State of Maryland, and if
you undertake to exclude him according to
penal law you must bring his case technically
within that law; but it will not do to make the
charge all along the line that he was one of the
original conspirators. If so. prove it prove
it by that evidence which will sustain a case
under penal or criminal law. 1 am glad that it
is technical. That it shall be strictly construed
is understood to be the rule necessary for the
preservation of personal rights and civil lib-
erty.
My colleague also says that this question is
