THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
175
Mr. EVABTS. Undoubtedly there a're in-
conveniences in this enlargement of the rule,
however applied; but there seems to be an
equality in requiring each side to furnish its
arguments in time to have replying counsel
answer them ; and the same rule upon my sug-
gestion would be applied to us that by this
present amendment is applied to the Managers
for the impeachment, for they are not required
to file their additional briefs except at the very
moment that they close their oral argument,
and then we are obliged to commence our oral
argument.
Mr. NELSON. Mr. Chief Justice and Sen-
ators, I desire to say on this motion that it was
agreed between the counsel for the President
that the three of our number who have hitherto
managed the case should take upon themselves
the continuous management and the argument
of the case before the Senate. In consequence
of the imputation made by the Managers, that we
desired unnecessarily to consume the time of the
Senate, those of us who, under this arrange-
ment, had not intended to argue the cause did
not intend, either by ourselves or through
others, to make any application to the Senate
for an enlargement of the rule ; but, inasmuch
as that application has been made in behalf
of the Managers, I desire to say to the Senate
that if we are permitted to argue the cause I
think it would be more fair to the two counsel
who did not expect to argue the case to permit
us to make an extemporaneous argument be-
fore the Senate. We have not made any prep-
aration whatever in view of written arguments.
We suppose, though we do not know how the
fact is, that the Managers on the part of the
House, who have had this subject before them
for a much longer period than we have had,
are much more familiar with this subject and
are better prepared with written addresses than
we are, so that if the rule is to be extended I
respectfully ask the Senate to allow us to ad-
dress the Senate in such mode, either oral or
written, as we may desire. I beg leave to say
to the Senate that while I do not, speaking for
myself, expect to be able to interest the Senate
as much as the learned gentlemen to whom the
management of the cause has been hitherto
confided on the part of the President, yet, as
I reside in the President's own State, as I have
practiced my profession in his town, the town
of his domicile, for the last thirty years, and
as he saw proper to ask my services in his be-
half, and as I fully concur with him in the
leading measures of his Administration I de-
sire, if I am heard at all, to be heard in the
mod# which I have suggested.
Mr. CONNESS. I offer the following as a
substitute for the order now pending.
The CHIEF J USTICE. The Secretary will
read the substitute proposed by the Senator
from California.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Strikoout all after the word " ordered" and insert:
That thetwentv-lirst rulebeso amended as to allow
as many of the Manageis and of the counsel for tho
President to speak on the final argument as shall
choose to do so: Provided. That not more than four
dayson eachsidoshall be allowed; but tho Managers
shall make the opening and tho closing argument.
Mr. DRAKE. On that question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. Manager BOUTWELL. I should like
to have the substitute read once more.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the proposed substitute.
The Secretary again read it.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Does the honor-
able Manager desire to address the Senate?
Mr. Manager BOUTWKLL. No, sir.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Thequestion is on
the substitute proposed by the Senator from
California.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Conness, Cragin, TMxon,
Doolittle, Fowler, Harlan, Henderson, Hendricks,
McCrecry, Patterson ot Tennessee, Ramsey, Sherman,
Stewart, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Willey, Wilson, and
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buekalefc.Cattell.Chand-
ler. Cole, Conkling, Davis, Drake, Edmunds, Perry,
Freliughuysen, Howard, Howe, Johnson, Morgan,
Morrill of Maine, Morrillof Vermont, Morton,Patter-
son of New Hampshire, Pomeroy, Koss, Saulsbury,
Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Vickers, and Williams—27.
NOT VOTING—-Messrs. Bayard, Corbett, Fessen-
den, Grimes, Norton, Nye, Sprague, and Wade—8.
So the substitute was rejected.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. Chief Justice, I
prefer altogether oral arguments to these printed
ones, and I submit the following as a substi-
tute, understanding that there are six Man-
agers on the part of the House and four counsel
for the respondent. ["Order!" "Ofderl"] I
have drawn an order which— [" Order 1"
" Order P]
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Order! There
can be no debate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Which I ask to have
r The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Wisconsin.
The Secretary read as follows:
Strike out all after tho word "ordered" and in-
That upon the final argument two Managers of the
House open, two counsel for the respondent reply;
that two other Managers rejoin, to ho followed by
two other counsel for the respondent; and they, in
turn, to be followed by two other Managers of the
House, who shall conclude tho argument.
Mr. DRAKE. I move the indefinite post-
ponement of the whole proposition, together
with the substitute.
The CHIEF JUSTICE.; The Senator from
Missouri moves the indefinite postponement of
the order and the proposed substitute.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have the yeas and
nays on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 34, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony. Buckalew, Chandler,
Cole, Conkling. Conness, Corbett, Davis, Dixon,
Drake, Edmunds, Kerry, Fessendeu, Grimes, Harlan,
Henderson, Hendricks, Howard, Howe, Johnson,
Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Mor-
ton, Patterson of Now Hampshire, Pomeroy, Ross,
Saulsbury, Sherman, Stewart, Thayer, Tipton, Wil-
liams, and Ya.tes—34.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Cattcll, Cragin, Doo-
little, Fowler, Frelinghuyscn, MuCreery, Patterson
of Tennessee, Ramsey, Sumner, Trumbull, Van
Winklo, Vickers, Willoy, and Wilson—15.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Bayard, Norton, Nye,
Sprague, and Wade—5.
So the order and substitute were indefinitely
postponed.
Mr. FEllRY. I now submit an order on
which 1 desire action.
The CHIEF.J USTICE. The Secretary will
read tho order proposed by tho Senator from
Connecticut.
The Secretary read as follows :
Ordered, That the twelfth rule bo so modified as
that the hour of the dayatwhioh tho Senate shall
sit upon the trialnow pending shall bc,uiilcs>s other-
wise orderod. at elovon o'clock forenoon ; and that
there shall be a reces-i of thirty minutes each day
commencing at two o'clock p. m.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. This order is for
present consideration unless objected to.
The CHIEF JUSTICE put the question, and
declared that the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. THAYElt, Mr. DRAKE, and others
called for the yeas and nays, and they were
ordered ; and being taken, resulted—yeas 24,
nays 20; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Chandler, Colo,
Conkling, Conness, Corbett, Urastin, Drake, Ferry,
Frelinghuysen, Harlan, Howard, Howe, Morgan,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,, ltamscy.
Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Williams, and
Wilson—24. , „ , ,
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buckalew, Da-
vis, Dixon, Doolittle, Edmunds, Fesscndcn, Fowler,
Grimes, Henderson, Hendricks, Johnson, McCreery,
Morton, Patterson of New Hampshire, Patterson of
Tennessee, Pomeroy, Ross, Saulsbury, Tipton, Trum-
bull. Van Winkle, Vickers, Willoy, and Yates—2ii.
NOT VOTING—Messrs.Norton, Nye, Sprague, and
Wade-1.
So the order was rejected.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Gentlemen of coun-
sel for the President, please proceed with the
defense.
Mr. EYARTS. Mr. Chief Justite and Sen-
ators, although I am not able to announce, as
I should be very glad to do, that our associate,
Mr. Stanbery, had, according to his hopes, been
able to come out to day, yet 1 am happy to say
that he is quite convalescent, and cannot, he
long interrupted from giving the proper atten-
tion to the proper conduct of the ease. Under
these circumstances, and from a desire! to do
whatever we may properly do in advancing the.
trial of the cause, we propose, with the per-
mission of the court, to proceed to-day in.
putting in the documentary evidence, which
will take a very considerable time, and prob-
ably we shall not wish to be called upon to
proceed with any oral testimony until to-mor-
row, when we shall be happy to do so.
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Chief Justice, we desire
to bring before the Senate the nomination sent
by the President of the United States to. the
Senate on the 21st of February, as I am in-
structed, of Hon. Thomas Ewing for the office
of Secretary for the Department of War. We-
wish the executive clerk to be instructed to
produce that, in order that we may put it in evi-
dence.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I beg to
say that counsel is entirely inaudible here.
Mr. CURTIS. My request, Senators, was
that the executive clerk might be instructed to
bring in and exhibit here in evidence the nom-
ination sent by the President of the United
States under the date of the 21st of February
last, as I am instructed, the nomination of
Hon. Thomas Ewing for the place of Secretary
for the Department of War.
The CHIEF J USTICE. The Chief Justice
is informed by the Secretary that the injunction
of secrecy has not been removed from this
proceeding. It will be necessary that it should
be removed.
Mr. JOHNSON. Does that apply to a
nomination ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask unanimous consent
to say, if I am permitted, on that point 
The CHIEF JUSTICE. If there be no
objection, the Senator can proceed by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I desire to say that under
the new rules the fact of a nomination being
made, it is provided, shall not be a secret com-
munication, and hence I think there can be
no impropriety in ordering the production of
the paper.
Mr. CURTIS. I was so instructed on inquiry,
and supposed no motion to remove the injunc-
tion of secrecy was necessary.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Chief Justice, if a
motion is necessary, I will move that the execu-
tive clerk be sworn as a witness in the case.
Mr. EDMUNDS. With the consent of the
Chief Justice I will read the fortieth rule,
recently adopted :.
"All information or remarks concerning the char-
acter or qualifications ot any person nominated by
the President to office shall bo kept a secret. But
the fact that a nomination has been made shall not
bo regarded as a secret."
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The executive
clerk will be sworn.
D. W. C. Clarke sworn and examined.
By Mr. Curtis :
Question. Will you state what document you
have before you ?
Answer. I have the original nomination by
the President of Thomas Ewing, sen., to be
Secretary for tho Department of War.
Question. Will you please to read it?
Answer. The witness read as follows:
To the Senate of the United Stales :
I nominate Thomas Ewing, sen., of Ohio, to be
Secretary for the DepartmentsWar, J0Hra,
Washington, D. C„ February 22,1868.
Question. On what day was that actually
received by you ?
Answer. On the 22d of February.
Mr. CURTIS. Now, I desire to put in evi-
dence, Mr. Chief Justice, a copy of the message
of the President of the United States to the
Senate of the United States, which bears date
on the 24th of February, 18G8. I have the
printed copy, which is the authorized copy. I
suppose it will not be objected that we ha.ve
not obtained it from the proper source ?
Mr. Manager BUTLER*. The mere vehicle
