4282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the twelfth amendment of the Senate and agree to
the same with an amendment, as follows: at the end
of said amendment add the following words: " To be
expended under tho immediate direction of the offi-
cer detailed to actasSuperintendentofPublieBuild-
ings and Grounds."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
tho thirteenth amendment of the Senate and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows: strike
out all of said amendment and insert in lieu thereof
the following:
" Rock Island arsenal:
" For the erection of a bridge to connect Rock
Island arsenal with the city of Rock Island, Illi-
nois, $100,000, said bridge to be constructed and com-
pleted for tho sum hereby appropriated;" and tho
Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fifteenth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment as follows: strike
out all of said amendment and insert in lieu of
said Senate amendment the following words: "ten
thousand one hundred and eighty dollars and sixty-
three cents: Provided, That nothing shall be paid
except subject to existing provisions of law, and
upon tho finding and certificate of tho Third Audi-
tor that the same is actually due and the Senate
agree to tho same.
That tho House recede from their disagreement
to the eighteenth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with an amendment as follows:
add to said amendment tho following: "Pro-
vided, That no part of the money appropriated for
this purpose shall bo paid until tho accounts for
feeding such destitute Indians shall be fully invest-
igated by a commission, to consist of Lieutenant
General William T. Sherman, Major General P. II.
Sheridan, and Major General C. O. Auuur ; and the
said commission is hereby authorized, for tho pur-
pose of such investigation, to call and examine wit-
nesses in this behalf, and only the amount, that said
commission shall certify to be equitably and justly
due shall be paid; and said commission shall sit at
Leavenworth, Kansas, and shall have power to
appoint a clerk at a salaiy of five dollars per day for
the time actually employed, and the sum of SI ,000
or so much _thereof as may be necessary for clerk
hire, traveling and incidental expenses of said com-
mission, is hereby appropriated;" and the Senato
agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the twenty-third amendment of the Senato, and
agree to the same with an amendment, as follows:
in lieu of the word stricken out by said amendment
insert the following:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That hereafter no
contract shall be entered into for the erection, repair,
or furnishing of any public building, or for any pub-
lic improvement whatever which shall bind tho Gov-
ernment to pay a larger sum of money than the
amount in the Treasury appropriated lor the spe-
cific purpose; and if any officer of the Government
shall knowingly contract for tho erection, repair, or
furnishing of any public building, or for any public
improvement which shall bind tho Government to
pay a larger amount than tho specific sum appro-
priated for such purpose, sueh officer shall be deemed
guii ty of a niisdemean or, and upon conviction thereof
by a court of competent jurisdiction shall be pun-
ished by imprisonment not less than six months nor
more than two years, and shall pay a line of $2,000;"
and tho Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the twenty-fourth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same, with amendment, as follows:
strike out all of said amendment after the word
"dollars" in lino fourteen to the end of the amend-
ment ; and the Senate agree to the same.
L. M. MORRILL,
ItOSCOli CONKLING,
J. R. DOOLITXLE.
Managers on the part o f the Senate.
E, B. WASIIBURNE,
W. H. KELSEY,
Managers on the part of the House,
The report was concurred in.
final adjournment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ad-
journment resolution is before the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I do
not intend at this hour  
Mr. CONNESS. I believe I had the floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No; the
Senator from Indiana was recognized by the
Chair as entitled to the floor.
Mr. CONNESS. I yielded the floor for the
purpose of allowing a report to be made from
a conference committee.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I shall occupy but a
very few minutes.
Mr. CONNESS. If I am entitled to the
floor I desire to go on.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The rule
is that when a Senator yields the floor he loses
it at the option of anybody else who gets it,
unless he yields for some specific and limited
purpose.
Mr. CONNESS. Was not the matter to
which I yielded a privileged matter? Now,
will the Chair' be so kind as to tell me how I
lost the floor ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will have no sort of
controversy about the floor. Of course the
Senator can take it.
Mr. CONNESS. Ordinarily, Mr. President,
I would make no contest for the floor with the
honorable Senator from Indiana, but after lis-
tening to the speech that he made I did not
feel that the few remaining moments of this
day's session, if I was entitled to the floor,
should be given to him for the purpose of mere
personal explanation. I take it for granted
that the speech which he made was deliberately
made and for political reasons. I intended to
begin by expressing my thanks to the honor-
able Senator from Ohio for the speech he has
made, and the course he has taken in regard
to this question of adjournment. I differ a
little with my honorable friend from Ohio in
doubting that the purpose of the Senator from
Indiana, as representing the purpose of the
party that he is a member of, ana the Presi-
dent of the United States also, does not include
offering all the obstructions that can now be
offered to the establislimeutof the public peace.
It is plain to me the messages that we have been
receiving from the President of the United
States for the last two weeks, the proclamation
which he has issued, are of such a character as
to justify this conclusion. They are incendiary ;
they are violative of his public duty ; they are
a scandal, in my judgment, before the civilized
world; and, sir, in place of discussing a ques-
tion of adjournment at this time, they would
justify rather the impeachment of that official
by the other House of Congress, and his trial
by this, and his expulsion from the place that
he fills.
Mr. President, it is not long since he escaped
conviction and expulsion from that place by
the merest chance in the world. The charac-
ter of his conduct in connection with these
proclamations, the character of the communi-
cations that have come from the first minister
of his Cabinet, the character of the political
convention that he has joined his interests
with, its utterances, the class of men that com-
posed it, the letter of one of the candidates of
that party, and the emanation of that conven-
tion threatening rebellion again in this coun-
try, all justify what I say, and it will become
in all probability the duty of Congress to stay
here until they shall be able by their action to
guaranty peace to this nation.
I say to the Senator from Indiana, for one,
that the threats he has made here I would
meet upon the threshold. Let any party dis-
satisfied with the result of a popular elec-
tion again in this country, as they were dis-
satisfied when Mr. Lincoln was first elected,
renew the rebellion, and that rebellion will be
fought out in a manner not characterized by
the past.
The honorable Senator in discussing the
utterance of General Grant in accepting the
national nomination for the Presidency quoted
him as saying, "Let us have peace." We all
reecho that sentiment and say, "Let us have
peace." We want peace; we ask and beg and
plead for peace; but we can have peace only
upon condition of obedience to law. The
President of the United States is amenable to
law ; but he sets the example here by his com-
munications and his utterances of disorder in
the country; and in my humble judgment if we
shall adjourn and leave the capital it will not
be long before we shall have disorder reestab-
lished in the country. I hope, sir, that we
shall seriously consider the proposition, and I
am glad that the question of adjournment is at
least temporarily put off.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, if it
be the pleasure of the Senate to extend the
time for taking recess for ten minutes I shall
be gratified.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope it will be extended
ten minutes.
Mr. CONKLTNG. I hope not. Under ordi-
nary circumstances I would not object, but now
I must object.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the time be
extended ten minutes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
and seconded that the time for the recess be
extended ten minutes.
The question being put there were on a
division — ayes 20, noes II; not a quorum
voting.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will vote no if it is neces--
sary to make a quorum.
Mr. CONKL1NG. Let us have the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the Senator from
Kansas to withdraw the motion if there is any
disinclination to allowing me to reply in a few
words to the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. POMEROY. Very well, it will come
up this evening. I withdraw the motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ate, according to order, will now take a recess
until half past seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. in.
enrolled bills signed.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
following enrolled bills; and they were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore of
the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 3-52) to authorize the tempo-
rary supplying of vacancies in the Executive
Departments; and
A bill (H. R. No. 554) making a grant of
land to the State of Minnesota to aid in the
improvement of navigation in the Mississippi
river.
china mail service.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
take up for consideration Senate joint resolu-
tion No. 104. It is very brief, and the Post
Office Committee request me to call the early
attention of the Senate to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no objection the joint resolution will be
taken up.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 104) relating to the ocean mail
steamship service between the United Slates
and China authorized by act of Congress,
approved February 17, 1865, was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It provides
that in the settlement of the quarterly accounts
of the Pacific Mail Steamship Company for
service performed as contractors for the ocean
mail steamship service between the United
States and China, authorized by act approved
February 17, 18C5, the full amount of the mail
subsidy of $500,000 per annum granted by tho
law and contract shall be paid to the company
m quarterly payments during the first three
years of the contract term, although the full
monthly service required by the contract may
not be rendered ; but at least two round trips
conveying the mails of the United States are
hereafter to be performed in each quarter, for
which such payment is authorized. The com-
pany are in advance of such payments to exe-
cute a bond to the Government, with good
and sufficient sureties satisfactory to the Post-
master General, conditional that the company
will well and faithfully perform the full num-
ber of round trips called for by the law and
contract; that is to say, that for each monthly
trip omitted during the first three years of the
contract term, an additional trip, in regular
monthly succession, conveying the mails of
the United^ States, shall be performed without
compensation immediately after the termina-
tion of the contract. The company is also to
obligate itself to convey the mails of the Uni-
ted States, without claim for additional com-
pensation, by any steamship or steamships
which may, during the continuance of the con-
tract, be placed upou the route for the perform-
ance of a more frequent service to and from
