176
SUPPLEMENT TO
of proof, Mr. President, will not lie objected
to; but theproof itself will be, for a very plain
reason. It was after the President was im-
peached by the House, and, of course, it is his
declaration attempted to be put in. A declara-
tion by bira, after he was impeached, whether
made to the Senate or anybody else, it seems
to us, cannot be evidence.
The exact order of time, if it may not be in
the mind of Senators, was this: on the '21st
of February a resolution was offered to the
House of Representatives looking to the im-
peachment of the President, bringing it before
the House ; on the 22d it was acted upon and
actually voted. Impeachment was actually
voted on the 22d. Then intervened Sunday,
the 23d. Any message sent on the 24th, there-
fore, must have been known to the President
to have been after the impeachment.
Mr. CURTIS. It will be remembered that
the honorable Managers put in evidence in the
course of their proceedings a resolve passed by
the Senate to which this message is a response ;
so that the question is whether the honorable
Managers can put in evidence a resolve of the
Senate transmitted to the President of the
United States in reference to the removal of
Mr. Stanton, and the Senate will refuse to re-
ceive the reply which the President made to
that resolve. That is the question which is
now before the court.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I have only to say,
Mr. President, that that is an argument to the
prejudice, and not to the law. Suppose he
offers his answer here to-day, is that to he re-
ceived as evidence? This message is said to
be the answer to the resolve of the Senate. 1
pray you to remember that our learned friends
insist that the rules of law should govern. Will
they dare to say to the Senate that they ever
heard of a case where, after indictment of the
criminal, the respondent was allowed to put in
evidence his statement of his defense? If so,
when is that right to cease? We put in the
resolve because it was apart of the transaction
of removing Mr. Stanton, made before the im-
peachment was determined upon. We cannot
put in his declarations down to to-day. That
is a familiar rule of law. They cannot. I only
ask the Senate to consider of it as a precedent
hereafter, as well as being a great wrong upon
the people, that after they indict, if you use that
word, after they impeach an ofiicer, then ho
can send in a message which shall be taken as
evidence for him.
Mr. EVARTS. Mr. Chief Justice and Sen-
ators, the learned Manager asks whether we
dare do something. We have not been in the
habit of considering the measure for the con-
duct. of forensic disputations to be a question
of daring. Wo are not in the habit of applying
such epithets to opponents, nor hitherto of re-
ceiving them from them. The measure of duty
of counsel to the law and the facts is the meas-
ure we shall strive to obey, and not the measure
of daring, if for no other reason for this: that
on the rule of law and fact and evidence we
might, perhaps, expect sometimes a superior-
ity, but on the measure of daring, never.
Now, this question arises thus : isthelearned
Manager entirely right in saying that the im-
peachment was voted on the 22d? The 22d
was Saturday, and, unless I am mistaken, the
vote was not taken until Monday.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I was entirely
right—on Saturday. The vote was taken on
the 22d of February.
Mr. EVARTS. That is, that articles should
be brought in. The articles, however, were
not voted until the 2Jth.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. The articles could
not lie prepared until some time afterward,
Mr. EVARTS. I am merely stating a fact,
notcomplaining. They were found soon enough.
Now, it is said that because the vote that im-
peachment should proceed was taken on the
22d that impairs the credit or the admissibility
of the piece of evidence that is laid before the
Senate. My learned associate has distinctly
told the situation of the matter. Perhaps both
of these transactions were public at the time,
or were made public soon afterward. This
message, the injunction of secrecy in respect
to which has been removed, might be within
the range of recourse on the one side or the
other for argument, and for the knowledge of
the court. But our learned opponents have
put in the language of the resolution of the
Senate. Exactly what bearing that has as
part of the res gestce of the removal of Mr.
Stanton which had taken place so far as the
criminality of the President was concerned
before this resolution was passed by the Sen-
ate it was not easy to see. It was, however,
received as proper evidence. The one reason
that we did not consider it objectionable was
that we supposed, as a matter of course and
of right, that this message, which is an answer
to that resolution, upon the introduction of
the topic by the resolution being offered in
evidence, would be admissible in itself. We
submit, therefore, that on every principle, both
of law and of discretion, if it may be so said,
in regard to the completeness of the record
upon the point, this message of the President
should be allowed to be read and given in
evidence.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I simply desire to
call the attention of the Senate to the fact that
whether it is a matter of daring or professional
knowledge, neither of the counsel has stated
any possible precedent. I desire also to call
the attention of the Senate to the fact, so that
the counsel may never be in doubt hereafter,
what was the legal effect of the resolution of
the Senate in our minds, that we putin that
resolution to show that, notwithstanding the
resolution of the Senate served on the Presi-
dent at eleven o'clock at night on the night of
the 21st, he still went on and treated this
Lorenzo Thomas as Secretary, and took him
into his Cabinet consultation, and Lorenzo
Thomas was recognized after that by him as
the Secretary ad interim, and after that Lorenzo
Thomas was breathing out his own designs to
take possession of the office by force. It was
in order to show that the President of the
United States was determined to disobey the
law of the land, that it was known to him—
the Senate served it upon him for the purpose
of having him know it, and did not leave it to
the slow channels of communication in print,
but served a certified copy on him to stay his
hand, and he refused to stay his hand.
Now, can it be that a prepared argument
after that, and after he was impeached by the
House of Representatives, can be put in evi-
dence? One ounce of action on his part in
obedience to the law and the resolution of the
Senate would have been agreat deal better than
pages of argument; but there was none. The
gentlemen will not use the word "dare," for
they would dare do all that good lawyers would
dare do in favor of their client, but 1 will say
the gentlemen have not shown a single legal
position upon which this can stand.
The CIIIEF JUSTICE. The counsel for
the President will please put in writing what
they propose to prove.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. We have sent the
Clerk to look at the House Journal to correct
us if we are wrong.
Mr. EVARTS. It will delay the question,
then, somewhat.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. The report of the
committee was made on the 22d. All of us
were of opinion that the resolution was passed
on the 22d. We think we are right; but we
will make that certain.
After the lapse of a few minutes—-
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Wo find, Mr.
President, on examination, the state of the
record is this: that on the 21st of February
a resolution was proposed for impeachment and
referied to a committee ; on the 22d the conf-
mittee reported, and that was debated through
the 22d and into Monday, the 21th, and the
actual vote was taken on Monday, the 24th.
Mr. EVARTS. Late in the afternoon—five
o'clock in the afternoon ; so that I was right in
the fact. Is there any further objection made
now?
Mr-. Manager BUTLER. Certainly.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. I desire to state
the reasons whv we insist upon this objection.
The House of Representatives, as appears by
the Journal which has now been furnished us,
on the 22d of February, through its committee,
reported " that Andrew Johnson be impeached
of high crimes and misdemeanors." The dis-
cussion proceeded on that day. On the day
preceding, however, the 21st of February, it
appeared that the Senate of the United States,
as is already in evidence from the Journal of
the Senate itself, proceeded to consider an-
other message of the President of the United
States, in which he had reported to the Senate
that he had removed from the Department of
War Edwin M. Stanton, then Secretaryof War,
by the previous action of the Senate. The
Senate having refused to concur in the suspen-
sion, refused to acquiesce in the reasons as-
signed by the President under the tenure of-
office act. Having given the President notice
thereof, thePresidentthereupon proceeds, after
this notice, to remove him and to appoint a
Secretary of War ad interim, in direct contra-
vention of the express words of the act itself
and of the action of the Senate. On that day,
the 21st of February, the Senate, it seems, con-
sidered the action of the President in this mat-
ter of removal and in this matter of appoint-
ment of the head of a Department in direct
contravention of the prohibitions of existing
law and of the action of the Senate under it and
the notice which it had served on the President.
On that night, as the record also shows, the
21stof February, 18G8, the Senateofthe United
States passed a resolution reciting the action
of the President in the premises, to wit, his
removal of the Secretary of War, his appoint-
ment of a Secretary ad interim, and declaring
by solemn resolve that under the Constitution
and laws of the United States the President
had no power to make the removal or to make
the appointment. That was the action of the
Senate, which has been given in evidence here
in support of the prosecution. It was all con-
cluded, as the Senate will notice from what I
have said, on the 21st and 22d of February,
1868. My impression is that the notice was
served on the night of the 21st, but, that I may
not make a mistake in this matter, I say it was
not served later than the 22d day of February.
Now, what takes place? Here is a present-
ment made on the 21stor22d day of February,
18G8, against this President before the grand
inquest of the nation, and he seeks to put in a
declaration made after presentment made,
which is certainly tantamount to a warrantor
his arrest, for from that moment he was within
the power of the people. Although he fl^d to
the remotest ends of the earth he could never
stop for a moment the progress of this inquiry
to final judgment, although persona! process
never reached him. It is so provided in the
text ofyour Constitution. It is to bo challenged
by no man.
After these proceedings had been thus insti-
tuted, two days after the fact of the action of
the Senate and three days after the fact of his
commission of the crime, he enters upon the
task of justifying himself before the nation
for a violation of its laws, for a violation of
its Constitution, for a violation of his oath of
office, for his defiance of the Senate, for his
f: defiance of the people, by sending a message
j, to the Senate of the United States on the 21th
' day of February, 1808. What is it, Senators?
Is it any more than a volunteer declaration of
the criminal, after the fact, in his own be-
half? Does it alter the case in law? Does it
alter the case in the reason or judgment of any
man living, either within the Senate or out of
the Senate, that he chose to put his dec-
; laration in his own defense in writing? The
i law makes no such distinctions. I undertake
| to assert it here, regardless of any attempt to
! contradict my statement, that there is no law
that enables any accused criminal, after the
! fact, to make declarations, either orally or in
j writing, either by message to the Senate or a
I speech to a mob, to acquit himself or to affect
