3258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
and Galveston railroad is in fact a sale to William
Sturges, of Chicago, who controls the said company,
and who is endoavoiing to obtain sa d lands lor the
purpose of a vast speculation, and that the s:ud
treaty was executed in fraud of the settlers, the In-
dians, the people of Kansas, and the whole country,
and various other railway companies who offered
more lor the landk than did the said Shirges and
company. SOLOMON MARKHAM.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this the 10th
day of June, 1868.   E. M. CUAPIN,
Justice of tke Peace,
Statement relative to the Osage Treaty.
A treaty was concluded on Drum Creek, in the
0--><ige nation, about the 27th of May last, between
the chiefs and braves of the Osagelndians and Hon.
N. G. Taylor, commissioner of Indian affairs. Hon.
Thomas Murphy, superintendent of the central sup-
crintendency, Colonel A.G. Boone, and Major 
Snow, agent of the Usages, representing the Govern-
ment, with Judge Blackledgc as secretary of the
commission.
The treaty conveys the whole of the Osage lands,
comprising eight million acres, (being"fifty by two
hundred and titty miies,) to the Leavenworth, Law-
rence, and Galveston Rat lioad Company ior$1,600,000,
payable as follows: $100,(4)0 in cash within three
months from the ratification of the treaty, and the
remaining $1,500,000 in the bonds of the company,
payable ^ £100,000 each year for fifteen years, and
bearing interest at the rate of five per cent, per an-
num. It is really a treaty by and between the Osage
Indians and the railroad company, to which the
Government becomes a party by permitting it to be
done in the interest of the company, and without
protectingthe rights of the Indians by providing any
security tor the payment of the money other than the
bonds of said company. These bonds are really the
only security the Indians have. It is true that the
treaty provides that patents shall be issued only in
proportion to the amount paid; but the railroad
company does not wish patents to issue until they
are ready to sell, which will not be until the road is
completed to a point opposite to said lands, and may
not be for the next ten years. In the mean time the
Indians will hold the bonds, but be utterly destitute
of money—their lands sold, but they without means
to purchase others in their stead.
It is scarcely to be expected that the Cherokecs or
Creeks will sell t hem lands for these bonds, or that the
Government will purchase and pay for lands for them,
taking these railroad bonds as security for payment.
If the interests of the Indians are to be consulted, the
representatives of the Govornmcntshould have pro-
vided some tangible security for the payment of the
money as it became due, either by the indorsement
of the Government or otherwise; and they should
have permitted thesaleto bo made to the company
offering the highest price for the lands, other consid-
erations being equal. The subjoined correspondence
will show that the commissioners were determined
the treaty should be made in the interest of the
Leavenworth, Lawrence, and Galveston Railroad
Company, and on the terms proposed by its represent-
atives or made not at all.
These lands comprise nearly one fifth of the whole
State of Kansas, and are the la-st body of lands out
of whioh railroads can be endowed. There u>to
enough to endow three roads reasonably well: and if
they are to be disposed of lor the benefit of railroads
the interests ol* the railroad system of the State
should he taken into consideration, and the roads of
southern Kansas, in which the lands lie, should hayo
their tmr proportion. Especially should the Mis-
souri, Fort Scott, and S<inta F6 railroad be endowed,
.*is it has its initial point at Sedaha, on the Missouri
Pacific, and runs southwesteily, via Fort Scott and
Osage Mis>ion, through the whole length of these
lands, two hundred and fifty miles, in the direction
of Santa Fe. This road has no grant or endowment
of public lands, while the Lawrence and Galveston
road already has eight hundred thousand acres along
its line in the State ot Kansas, donated to it by the
liberality of Congress: and its surveyed line docs not
run within twenty miles of the lands ceded to it by
the recent treaty.
The treaty makes no provision for the half-breed
Osages who may desire to remain on said lands and
become citizens of the United States. It makes no
increase in the State endowment of-schools, and
makes but insufficient and incomplete provision for
the haidy pioneers who are the out-posts and ad-
vance guard of the civilization rapidly moving to the
"West.
The trust lands (so called because ceded in trust
by a former treaty) are embraced m this treaty, the
former one, so far as it applies to them, being abro-
gated by the new arrangement. They comprise a
ti.ict of twenty miles, noi th and south, running the
whole length of the tract; and the treaty provides
that settlers on the lands, at the date of the treaty,
may have one hundred and sixty acres, including
thbir improvements, at Government price, on asquare
qua i tcr section. As the survey is just completed, and
us nearly all thesettlement thcrewas made prior to
,:.ud r-uivcy, it follows that few have their improve-
ment^ on a square quarter; and as they aro not per-
mitted to cross section or quarter section lines to fill
out their one hundred and sixty acres, but few will
deii ve any ben efitfrom the provision. Indeed, itseems
expressly made with a view to cut off as many of the
settlers as possible, under the color and show of
apparent fairness.
No provision whatever is made for the settlers ou
the remaining portion of said land—being thirty by
two hundred and fifty miles in extent—but they are
left wholly to the tender mercies of the railroad
company.
It is proper to add in this connection that the
direotois of the Missouri, Fort Scott, and Sauta
Fc llailroad Company, besides the protection they
offered to the settlers, were and are willing, if their
company receive all or any portion of these lands,
that an express provision may be incorporated into
the treaty to the effect that the price of Government
I lands shall be the price of these lands—that is to say,
i $2 50 per acre within ten miles of their road on either
| side, and $1 25 per acre beyond—the settler to take
; his lands upon such showing of occupation and
1 improvement as would entitle him to the benefit of
I the preemption act of September 4, 1841, and its
j amendments. Justicc to tho settler imperatively
| demands that this provision should be made in the
1 treaty, let the lands be disposed ol otherwise as they
• may.
It may be further stated that tho Indians knew
they had been offered a highef price for their land
than this treaty provides—that this higher price was
offered them by men whom they knew and in whom
they had confidence, with some of whom they had
had dealings tor twenty-five years, and they were
naturally anxious to sell to tho best advantage, and
to men whom they thought they could trust; but
they claim that the commissioners informed them
that the Government would not permit them to sell
to any company except the Leavenworth, Lawrence,
and Galveston Company. The truth of this is corrob;
orated by tho fact that tho commissioners, all of
them, without exception, stated repeatedly to white
men, in reply to urgent entreaties to divide the lands
among two or three roads, that no treaty could or
would be ratified by the Senate unless the whole of
the lands were given to this one company.
It was publicly represented, too, by those who
assumed to speak by the authority of the commis-
sioners, that this treaty was drawn up and agreed
upon in Washington, before the commission went
out; that it was drawn with the approval of leading
members of the administration, and leading members
of the Senate, of both political parties; that the com-
bination or "ring" was too powerful to be withstood,
and that tho treaty would have to be made and con-
firmed as originally drawn.
Tho chiefs repeatedly asked permission to liavo
certain white men in whom they had eonfidence, as
their counsel, present at their conference with tho
commissioners, to advise and counsel with them;
but the commissioners refused, unless they would
take such counsel as they (the commissioners) chose
to provide, which they were not willing to do.
It is ccrtain that lor over two weeks the Indians
refused to sign the treaty, no one, apparently, being
in favor of it; and that all at once, apparently with-
out any sufficient cause, they all signed it. They
claim that they were forced to do it by throats and
intimidation on the ono part, and fair promises on
the other in case ot compliance.
It is more than probable that these threats were
made by outside parties in the interest of the rail-
road company, and not countenanced by the com-
missioners ; but there was so much apparent identity
of interest between them that itwas difficult for oven
an observant white man to tell who represented the
Government and who tho railroad company, and it
is, therefore, not at all wonderful that the Indian
failed to detect tho difference between them. Cer-
tain it is, that one commissioner, at least, publicly
stated to the Indians that their annuity goods, duo
them by the provisions of a former treaty, would not
be delivered to them till they signed this treaty; and
that, seemingly, in pursuance of this threat, said
goods wero reloaded into the wagons which had
brought them to the council grounds; and it is equally
certain that said goods were not distributed until
after the treaty had been signed.
The Indians claim that tiiey were threatened with
the displeasure of the Government if they refuted to
sign; that they were told that the Government would
not protect them against thc ArrapahoesunJess they
made the treaty; and Commissioner Boone did state
in public council that if the Osages would sign this
treaty they (the commissioners) would go out on the
Plains and conclude a peace between the Osages and
Arrapahoes.
The Indians represent that they were told that unless
they signed this treaty they would get no presents,
no annuity goods: that the Government would not
pay them for the land already purchased of them,
and that the Governor ofKansas would turn themil-
itia of the State out against them, and they would
kill and drive them off their lands, taking them
without any payment whatsoever; and when they
fled to the Plains they would be decimated by the
Arrapahoes, and between the two enemies they would
gradually be extinguished.
It is not claimed that these threats were made or
countenanced in any way by the commissioners—
honorable men would stoop to no such miserable
subterfuge—but it is susceptible ot proof that such
throats, and probably worse ones, were made to the
Indians by white men who were in daily association
with the commission, and who professed to speak by
their authority.
It is known to the writer of this statement that out-
side parties stated that the commissioners had re-
solved to removethe representatives of the Missouri,
Fort Scott, and SantaFe Railroad Company by mili-
tary force from the Osage reserve, on the pretext of
interfering with the treaty; and that this was com-
municated to the friends of that road with a view of
inducing them to intermit their efforts to get from
tho commission a fair proportion of these lands; but
the friends of that road had too high a respect for the
commission to believe that they had ever authoiized
suchthreats.andtheroforegave no credence to them.
Attention is invited to the correspondence copied
bclow- . . CHARLES W. BLAIR,
President Mi&souri, Fort Scott, and Santa Fe
Railroad Company.
No. 1.
Osage Nation, 1868.
Sm: I have the honor, to treat
thiough you to tbe commission api>o nted to treal
with tho Osaire Indians tor their trust lancls ana
dim nished reserve that the lands comprised therein
be «£«i£d&tM Wed tb«
offered for sale, m a body, to the highest biddei. thus
leaving it open to the competition of all companies
who desire to purchase the same, heiebpled„in„
myself that the railroad company X represent I
offer for the whole ol said lands at le.i.t t10 s"™ g
02,000,000, giving any guarantee of pi
Government may require, which sum .s m<. e
than that proposed to be paid by thei Leavenwoitn.
"Lawrence and Galveston Railroad Company.
Shon"d it™ against the polic«"V~nt
to purchase lands except under copd«tion ot iMe
fete transfer to parties or "J
th<  rmuired uayinents, we respectfully request your
commission tevcreate the trust in tb[6 treaty or the
benefit oi our company* we to pay therefor the sum
of 82,000,000. I would also state that our railroad com
pany is properly incorporated, traverses the whole
length of these lands from East to West, and is in
the hands of men of capital and influence.
We propose, also, to accept all the terms and con-
ditions of the treaty as already drawn and prepared
by the commission, and, m addition, to secure the
rights of the half-breeds, protect the settlers, and
make liberal donations for school purposes, chang-
ing the treaty only by substituting the name of the
-Missouri, Fort Scott, and Santa JjeB.aiiro.ia Com-
pany for that of the Leavenworth, Lawrence, and
Galveston llailroad Company, for which change we
offer more than a half million dollars m addition to
the amount proposed by Mr. Sturgis.
Our company is composed ot and supported by men
of largo capital and influence, (the Governor of the
State beingoneof the directors,,) who are abundantly
able to give all the guarantees required by the treaty,
or which may be imposed by the Government, such
guarantees to be given prior to the submission of
the treaty to the Senate tor ratification.
I also make this proposition: ior the purpose of
harmonizing conflicting interests and advancing the
interest of the North and South, as well as the .bast
and West national thoroughiare, lam content that
the treaty may include both roads, giving the Leaven-
worth, Lawrence, and Galveston Company two thirds
of said lands, andsccuringto the Missouri, FortScott,
and Santa Fe Railroad Company one third ot the
same, being equal inproportionate value, and divided
by blocks of sections from north to south, two blocks
to their road and one to ours, alternately, through
the whole length of said lands, east to west, we to
take ours by express stipulations in the treaty to our
road by name, and on the same terms and conditions
of payment and otherwise as are imposed on the
other company.
All these propositions seem to me fair and just,
and the acceptance of any one of them will secure
the cordial cooperation of myself and friends in
favor of the speedy completion of the treaty, by the
exertion ot all tho influence we can command in its
behalf.
I am, Colonel, very respectfully, your obedient ser-
vant, - CHARLES W. BLAIR,
President Missouri, Fort Scott, and Santa FS
llailroad Company.
Hon. N. G. Taylor, Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
P. S.—I would respectfully request that this propo-
sition be filed and preserved with the papers of the
commission for further reference. C. W. B.
No. 2.
Osagr Ration, May 20,186S.
Sir: As it is anticipated or feared that representa-
tions may or have been made to your commission
that the Missouri, .Fort Scott, andSanta Ffc Railroad
Company is irresponsible or unablo to furnish to the
Government the proper guaranties of payment, in
case they acquire any or all of these lands by treaty,
I have the honor to propose to you, as security tor
such guaranties as may be required, the bond of S.
A. Williams, B. P. McDonald, and C. F.Drake, who
are worth over one hundred thousand dollars; or!
am willing to give you here, on the grouud, as col-
lateral security for such guaranties, the draft of the
banking-house of A. McDonald & Brother, on New
York, lor the sum of $50,000.
'•This security is offered as a pledge of our entire
good taith, as well as our ability to comply with any
condition ot payment which may be imposed on our
company m ease said lands are granted to it.
V ery respectfully, your obedient servant.
j-. CHARLES W. BLAIR,
l resident Missouri, Fort Scott, and Santa Fe
jtailroad Company,
Hon. N". G. Taylor, Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
Reply to Nos. 1 and 2.
Osagr Council Ground.
Osage Nation, May 20,186S.
Sir: Your communication of the 18th instant,
addressed to me as Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
malting various propositions in reference to the pur-
chase of the Osage lands, was received and laid beioro
the commission.
I was instructed by the commission to reply that
tor various reasons satisfactory to it, neither of vour
propositions is aecepted.
With sentiments of high personal respect, I have
tbe honor to remain, your obedient servant
N. G. TAYLOR,
rodent Osage Commission.
^ Scott a-*
