1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4263
Japan and China than the monthly service
stipulated by the contract.
The Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads proposed to amend the resolution by
striking out in line twenty-four the words " in
regular monthly succession," and inserting
"beyond those now required by law and con-
tract."
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee also proposed after the word
" compensation," in line twenty-seven, to strike
out " immediately after the termination of the
contract," and insert:
" Within five years from the passage of this act for
each of the trips already omitted, ana an additional
trip conveying said mails shall be performed without
compensation for each, trip hereafter omitted within
three years from the date of each omitted tup.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. T was not in when this joint
resolution was called up, and I should like to
have the chairman of the committee explain
this measure if he has not already done so.
Mr. RAMSEY. I will make the explana-
tion if the honorable Senator desires it. The
act of 1865 required this company to make
twelve round trips a year, for which they were
to get a subsidy of §500,000. It was impossi-
ble for them immediately to make monthly
trips, because the vessels were not all pre-
pared. The vessels required are large and
expensive ; probably the largest that float on
any sea in the world. They were compelled
to omit two trips a quarter, making eight a
year, and of course they were not paid for
those trips. The proposition now is, in order
to enable them to get along in this great enter-
prise, to pay them this money on their giving
security that they will perform these trips within
five years of the omission which has taken
place in time past, and within three years of
any omission hereafter ; and they will in time
to come carry a mail on every trip without
additional expense to the Government. Prob-
ably they will carry a mail semi-monthly and
finally weekly, and they are to carry it each
time tlsey make a trip. The Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads gave this measure
a great deal of attention, and thought the Gov-
ernment would gain very largely by it.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the committee if there is a provision
in the joint resolution as amended requiring
the company to carry the mails every trip the
vessels make?
Mr. RAMSEY. Yes, sir; hereitis:
That the said company shall also obligate itself
to convey the mails of the United States, wuhout
claim lor additional compensation, by anysteamship
or steamships which may, during the continuance oi
the contract, be placed upon the route tor the per-
formance of a more frequent service to and from
Japan and China, than the monthly service stipu-
by the contract.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendments were
concurred in.
The resolution was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, and was read the third
time, and passed.
SYMPATHY FOR CRETE.
Mr. FERRY. I ask the Senate will take up
House bill No. 39. It is only seven lines long.
It is to authorize the settlement of the accounts
of an officer. The time occupied in reading
the bill will be all that will be consumed by it.
Mr. MORTON. There are a number of
Senators who have little bills that will take but
a moment. This evening was set apart for a
particular purpose. I do not want to engage
in a struggle for the floor, and I am not going
to do it. If the bill for which the evening was
set apart is to be taken up, well and good; if
not, I will not go into a perpetual struggle for
the floor.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I believe I have the
floor myself. I was entitled to it when the
recess was taken.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This even-
ing was set apart lor the consideration of a
bill providing for bridges across the Ohio river.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to be allowed to
make a report.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Thereport
will be received if there be no objection.
Mr. SUMNER. I send to the Chair a joint
resolution which I am directed to report by*
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 169) appeal-
ing to the Turkish Government in behalf of
the people of Crete was read twice by its title.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, this joint
resolution has the unanimous recommendation
of the Committee on Foreign Relations of the
Senate. It will cause no debate. I believe every
Senator will rejoice to have it adopted. I
therefore ask that it may be passed upon now.
Mr. FERRY:. I object.
Mr. S UMNER. I hope the Senator will not
object.
Mr. FERRY. I endeavored to get up a bill,
but objection was made.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senate to pro-
ceed with Senate bill No. 622.
The PRESIDENT -pro tempore. That bill
is regularly before the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Con-
necticut withdraws his objection. I hope,
therefore, that the joint resolution which I
reported may be acted upon now.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It cannot be.
Mr. SUMNER. It will take only a moment.
Mr. MORTON. There are a number^ of
Senators requesting me to yield, and if I yield
to one I must yield to others.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will
allow the resolution to be read and then voted
upon.
Mr. MORTON. It can be passed to-morrow
without trouble.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon;
it may be difficult to get the floor to-morrow.
There the resolution is, and I entreat the Sen-
ate to act on it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What is it about?
Mr. SUMNER. It is a resolution from the
Committee on Foreign Relations ol the Senate
with reference to Crete; I know it will have the
sympathy of the Senator. I ask that the reso-
lution be proceeded with.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection ? The Chair hears none, and the
resolution is before the Senate as in Committee
of the Whole.
The resolution was read at length, as follows:
Be -it resolved, &e.. That the people of the United
States renew the expression of their sympathy with
the suffering people of Crete, to whom they are bound
by ties of acommon religion, and by the gratitude due
to the Greek laue, of which the Cretans are a part;
that they rejoice to believe that the sufferings of this
interesting people may be happily terminated by a
policy of forbearanceon the part of the lurkishlxov-
emment, and they hereby declare their earnest hope
that the Turkish Government will listen kindly to
this representation, and will speedily adopt such gen-
erous steps as will secure to Creto the much-desired
blessings of peaco, and the advantage of autonomic
government. .
SEC. 2. Andbeit further resolved, That religion, civ-
ilization , and humanity require that the existing con-
test in Crete should be brought to a close, and to
accomplish this result the civilized Powers of the
world should unito in friendly influence witii tno
Government of Turkey.
Sec. 3. And be it further resolved, That it shall be
the duty of the President to instruct the minister ot
the United States at Constantinople to cooperate with
the ministers of other Powers in all good othces to
terminate the sufferings of the people of Crete; and
that it shall be the further duty of the President to
communicate a copy ot thisresolution to the (aovcrn-
ment of Turkey.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
time, and passed.
BRIDGES ACROSS THE OHIO RIVER.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
(S. No. 622) to authorize the construction of
bridges across the Ohio river is the business
of the evening. That bill is before the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole, and the ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Kansas [Mr. Pomekqy] to the amendment of
the committee, proposing to fill the blanks in
the first section of the bill.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. _ Mr. President, I feel,
of course, a very strong interest in this bill, as
I have already manifested, and in the amend-
ment that is now proposed. In such a swel-
tering night as this I do not know that I have
either strength of body or strength of mind to
make myself understood. I will endeavor to
do so, however, briefly.
I stated this morning that an opinion had
been insinuated here that this bill, first with
its provision for five hundred and two hundred
and fifty feet spans, expressed the views of the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads;
second, that the bill itself had their approba-
tion ; and thirdly, that the bill was in accord-
ance with the suggestions of General "Warren,
of the engineer department of the United
States. I think that neither of these is true;
and I mention it lest the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Indiana, or, as he says,
by the committee, of which I had no knowl-
edge, may derive some strength from such
considerations.
Mr. MORTON. I call the Senator's atten-
tion to the fact that he made that statement
two or three days ago, and was immediately
corrected by the chairman of the committee.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. As to filling the
blanks ? I am not aware of any correction.
Mr. RAMSEY. What is the statement?
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I say the committee
did not authorize the filling of those blanks so
far as I know.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator is mistaken
about that. The bill was reported in the first
instance with the blanks, with the understand-
ing that after the bill should be printed^ it
should be recommitted to the committee with
a view of filling the blanks. After that I con-
sulted the members of the committee in the
way we usually do at the close of the session
■when there is no time for a formal meeting of
the committee, and had authority from the
members to report that the blanks should be
filled with five hundred feet and two hundred
and fifty feet respectively.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The Senator from
Kansas and myself are members of the com-
mittee, and we were not consulted.^ However,
sir, I shall not dwell upon that point. When
I called on the clerk, to begin with, to know
if the bill had been recommitted, he told me
it had not been. It was reported on the 16th.
That cannot affect the result in any way except
in the way I have indicated j it might be supposed
that the committee had given it a thorough
examination, and had come to the conclusion
that five hundred feet span was necessary. _
I have said that this bill is not strictly in
accordance with the recommendation of Gen-
eral Warren, and therefore does not derive any
support from the authority of his great name.
His letter to the chairman of the Post Office
Committee giving his views on the subject is
now before the Senate. The report reached
us, 1 think, while I was speaking on Saturday,
or at any rate I saw it as soon as I was done*
General Warren does not say that a bridge
should be five hundred feet span. In his recom-
mendations as to the mode in which a bill
should be framed—and he makes a great many
very good suggestions on that point—he says:
" Whatever may be the least limit adopted for the
width of the passage-way for boats, I would recom-
mend that tho following provisions he required mall
cases to securo it."
He does not, therefore, regard a five hundred
feet span as indispensable. On the contrary,
there is that in his letter, or report, whichever
it may be called, which goes to contradict that
opinion. He speaks of the Steubenviile bridge,
of which so much has been said, erected under
the law passed in 1SG2 as we supposed, but he
finds that that bridge has not been erected in
accordance with the requirements of the law,
or rather that additions have been made to is
which destroy what the lawjntended to secure.
He says, for instance, that instead of' . e p
being three hundred feet wide, the p t.
the abutments have been "prapP^ ££
extent that the passage ^er,t'eJat'" ^out
nel SDan has been actually reduced to aDout
two hundred and fifty feet, of course'
