1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2235
intense interest is felt in this trial, and an in-
tense interest in all the details of the trial, and
where the people must depend upon those
sounds which cannot be caught in the report-
er's gallery.
Now, sir, I should like to know by what sys-
tem of reasoning it is that we, in the first place,
under a supposed necessity, are to exclude the
public at large from the galleries and admit
upon tickets such as are selected to come here,
and, then, we are to arrange the situation of
the trial in such way that one single person,
(because that is all the resolution implies,) who
alone is the medium of detailed communica-
tion with the whole public, is not to be permit-
ted to be in such contact with the proceedings
that he can make that communication full. X
do not know, for my own p>art, to which re-
porter it is that this privilege is to be given; I
mean I do not know the name of the reporter;
but I understand it is to be given to some one
who is to report for the whole of this associa-
tion, communicating, as 1 am told, with eight
hundred and forty papers, with the whole coun-
try, so that to all these eight hundred and forty
papers and all that countless multitude which
no man can number reading these eight hun-
dred and forty papers, is to be extended the
"favoritism" of allowing one single chair to
be occupied within the limits of convenient
hearing.
Mr. RAMSEY. If the Senator from New
York will give way, I will move to postpone
the consideration of the present resolution for
the purpose of taking up that offered by the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] to repeal
the present ticket system.
Mr. CONKLING. As it will take but a
moment to vote on this I beg the Senate to let
us vote squarely on it, because I may suggest
to the honorable Senator when we have
repealed, if we shall repeal, the resolution in
relerence to the galleries, that will not at all
relieve this difficulty, but will increase it,
because there will be more buzz in the
galleries, and then the public who rely upon
these reports, and look at these reports made
by the Associated Press reporter, will be no
better off than it is now. Therefore I beg the
Senate to allow us to take the vote on this
proposition.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, if it were
possible 
Mr. RAMSEY. Do I understand the Sen-
ator from New York does not give way to this
motion?
Mr. CONKLING. No, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope we shall pass both
propositions before we adjourn.
Mr. ANTHONY. If it were possible I would
give to the reporters of all the papers a place
upon the floor, but that is entirely out of the
question, and, therefore, I have moved to give
it to the reporter who represents the larger
number of papers, very much the larger num-
ber. The reports of the proceedings of the
Senate are taken almost wholly from the Asso-
ciated Press, and the question is whether we
shall have those reports as accurate and as full
as possible. I have inquired into the matter,
and I am satisfied that from the gallery it is
not practicable to hear the testimony of wit-
nesses as they are examined here upon the
stand, and the result is that the reports must
be in some degree imperfect and inaccurate;
and then the broad complaints which have
been made against the Associated Press are
raised.
Mr. CONNESS. There has been no com-
plaint since the trial began.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have had more expe-
rience, perhaps, than most of my associates
of this body as to the exceeding difficulty of
making satisfactory reports. Now, the Asso-
ciated Press comprehends papers all over the
country, without any reference whatever to
their politics. The papers upon both sides, and
the extreme papers upon both sides, are repre-
sented equally in this association; and if there
should be a systematic, regular misrepresenta-
tion of our proceedings in the interest of one
party or the other complaint would be made
from the papers representing the other party,
and it would be prevented and broken up, as it
ought to be.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask my
friend from Rhode Island how this association
is formed, and whether all the newspapers can
come in if they please, or whether it is a close
corporation that admits persons upon certain
conditions which are pretty heavy? What is
the nature of the association?
Mr. FERRY. I can answer that question.
The Associated Press that seeks to come on
this floor consists of seven newspapers of the
city of New York.
Mr. ANTHONY. Perhaps I can answer
the question a little more fully than my friend
from Connecticut, because I have had the mis-
fortune to suffer considerably from this Asso-
ciated Press in matters that are not proper to
be brought into this place. The Associated
Press consists of all the daily papers of New
York; I think all of them; all the principal
ones, at any rate; in fact, no paper can live
there unless it belongs to the Associated Press,
and that Associated Press takes the reports,
takes the news from all parts of the country
and from all parts of the world, and sells it to
the newspapers of every other part of the
country.
Mr. CONKLING. How many in all ?
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not know how many.
Mr. CONKLING. Eight hundred and forty,
I understand.
Mr. ANTHONY. But I think no paper out
of the city of Now York that desires to have
the reports of the Associated Press is refused.
Mr. JOHNSON. They pay for them.
Mr. ANTHONY. They pay their price.
Their price is not very extravagant.
Mr. JOHNSON. They make money by it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The price is reasonable.
Mr. ANTHONY. I believe all the daily
papers and all the papers in the country can
have their reports.
Several Senators. Oh, no.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I am misinformed.
I ought to know; but perhaps I am mistaken.
Mr. PERRY. How many papers are in the
Association ?
Mr. ANTHONY. All the daily papers in
New York, I believe.
Mr. FERRY. Only seven.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well. I understand
the Associated Press refuses to receive into its
Association new daily papers, which I think is
wrong. I think it creates a monopoly, which
I do not defend at all.
Mr. PERRY. Do you not know that they
have refused to admit new daily papers in New
York?
Mr. ANTHONY. I understand they have
refused to admit a new dailypaper there, and
in that I think they have done wrong ; but
that is a question which I do not think we are to
go into. There are local associations in vari-
ous parts of the country which have the same
restrictive and monopolizing provisions that
the Associated Press of New York has, that,
no new paper shall come into their associations
unless by the consent of those already in ;
but the Associated Press of New York sells
its news to the press of the whole country,
subject to any restrictions which the local
press associations may make.
Mr. RAMSEY. If the Senator from Rhode
Island is through, I should like to make a
motion to postpone the present matter for the
purpose of considering the resolution sub- i
mitted by the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sher- !
man] the other day.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not know why the
Senator from Minnesota supposes the Senator
from Rhode Island is through.
Mr. CONKLING and others. Let us have
a vote on this.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It does not seem to me
that there ought to be any difference of opinion
on a question like this. It is well known to
every Senator here that if the country has to
depend upon the Globe for the report of this
trial it will get no information on the subject.
The only opportunity of getting information
from day to day is through the Associated
Press, whatever faults it may have; and I never
had heard the objection that is made by the
Senator from Connecticut. I had supposed
that the Democrats were the men who had oc-
casion to complain of this association. I had
supposed it was controlled by party politics to
a very considerable extent. I have never ex-
amined with a view to ascertain it.
I know that I was made to appear very stupid
in some remarks that I had occasion, to make
some time since. I did not care much about
it, however; and I am not going to vote here
upon any consideration of that sort. I think
that this Associated Press intends to give to
the great New York journals very nearly ver-
batim the proceedings of this trial; and if the
report should not go in verbatim, to any other
papers than the New York journals, that of
itself would go a great way to inform the
country. The journals of New York go to all
the villages of the Northwest, as well as all the
great cities, and are read by the mass of the
people; and then from these journals, as well
as directly from the Associated Press, it goes
into all the local journals. I think it is of
great importance; and as a matter of public
duty I should vote for this resolution.
Mr. DOO.LITTLE. My dignity or sense of
dignity as a Senator is no more offended by
the representative of the Associated Press
sitting on the floor than it is by his sitting in
the gallery. I do not see any difference at all.
It is a mere matter of convenience. The wit-
nesses do not speak quite as loud as Senators
do when they speak in addressing the Senate;
and therefore, simply for the convenience of
the reporter, I am perfectly willing that ho
shall sit here and take a report.
Mr. CONNESS. It is very evident that
there are a good many speeches to be made on
this subject, and we cannot get a vote to-night.
I therefore move that the Senate adjourn.
["No!" "No!"]
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope not. I hope we
shall settle this question now.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 17, noes 19.
Mr. CONNESS. I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. ANTHONY". If the Senate will allow
me, I have a suggestion to make. I suggest
that the Senate adjourn now until half-past ten
o'clock to-morrow. ["No!" "No!"] I
suppose some Senators are hungry for dinner.
I have not that weakness.
Mr. CONKLING. No ; let us vote on this
question now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On the
motion to adjourn the Senator from California
demands the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. THAYER. I rise to a point of order.
Can the yeas and nays be demanded after the
vote has been declared ? The Chair distinctly
declared it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They can
be demanded after the result has been declared
by the sound or after a division.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 20 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Cattell, Chandler, Conness, Davis,
Edmunds,Ferry, Fessenden. Fovrler, Frelinghuysen,
Johnson, McCreery, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
Tickers, and Williams—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cole, Conk-
ling, Cragin, Dixon, Doolittle, Henderson, Hen-
dricks, Howe, Morgan, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Ross, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer,
Tipton, and Wade—20.
ABLEST —Messrs. Bavard, Cameron. Coriiett,,
Drake. Grimes, Harlan, Howard, Morton, Xorton,
Nye, Patterson of Tennessee, Saulsbury, Wiiley,
Wilson, and Yates—15.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. CONKLING and others. Question !
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am much obliged to the
