178
SUPPLEMENT TO
One other remark. The gentleman seems
to think that the President had a right to send
a message to the Senate of the United States
which should operate as evidence. 1 concede
that the President of the United States has the
right under the Constitution to communicate
from time to time to the two Houses of Con-
gress such matters as he thinks pertain to the
public interest; and if he thinks that is of the
public interest he may do so ; but I deny that
there is any colorable excuse (I repeat those
words here) for intimating that the President
of the United States, charged with the commis-
sion of crime on the 21st of February, 1868. and
proved guilty, I undertake to say, by his written
confession, to the satisfaction of every intelligent
and unprejudiced mind in and out of the Senate
in this country, could proceed to manufacture
a defense three days after the fact in the form
of a message. That is the point I make on the
gentleman here. He says "What importance,
then, do you attach to the action of the Senate."
We attach precisely this importance to it: that
t.he law of the land enjoined upon the Presi-
dent of the United States the duty to notify the
Senate of the suspension of this officer and
the reasons therefor, and the evidence upon
which he made the.suspension. The law of
the land enjoined upon the Senate the duty to
act upon the report of the President so made,
together with his reasons and the evidence
which he adduced, and come to a decision. In
pursuance of the requirement of the second
section of the tenure-of-office act the Senate
of the United States, by an almost unanimous
decision, came to the conclusion that the rea-
sons furnished by the President and the evi-
dence adduced by him for the suspension of
the Secretary of War were insufficient, and in
accordance with that law the Senate non-con-
curred in the suspension. The law expressly
provides that if they concur they shall notify
the President. The law, by every intendment,
provides that if they non-eoneur they shall
notify the Secretary of War that he may, in
obedience to the express requirement of the
act, forthwith resume the functions of the
office from which liehas been suspended. They
did give him that notice. Why should they
not notify the Executive that he may know with
whom to communicate, and not bo longer
communicating with the Secretary of War
ad interim, General Grant, who had been
appointed, in accordance with the provisions
of the act, Secretary of War ad interim in
August, 1807?
The gentleman, I trust, is answered as to the
importance and propriety of introducing this
evidence ; but there was further reason for it,
to leave the President without excuse before
the Senate and before the people for persisting
in his unlawful attempt, in violation of the law
of the land, to execute the duties of the office
of the Secretary of War through another person
than Edwin M. Stanton, ftwas his business to
submit to the final decision of that arbiter con-
stituted by the tonnre-of-o(fice act to decide the
question whether the suspension should become
absolute or whether it should bo rejected.
But here is a man defying the action of the
Senate, defying the express letter of the law,
that the Secretary of War, in whose suspen-
sion they had refused to concur, should forth-
with resume the functions of that office, pro-
ceeding with his conspiracy with Thomas to
remove him and to confer the functions of this
office upon another, regardless of the action
of the Senate, regardless of the law regulating
the tenure of civil offices, regardless of the
Constitution, regardless of his oath, regard-
less of the rights of the American people; and
he winds up the farce and the defiant guilt of
which he stands convicted by act before the
Senate with his written declaration, which is
of no higher authority than his oral declara-
tion, made three days after the fact, and asks
the Senate to receive it as evidence.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. There is, perhaps,
Senators, no branch of the law in which it is
more difficult to lay down precise rules than
that which relates to evidence of the intent
with which an act is done. In the present case
it appears that the Senate, on the 21st of
February, passed a resolution, which I will
take the liberty of reading:
"Whereas the Senate have received and considered
the communication of the President stating that he
has removed Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of W ar,
and had designated tho Adjutant. General of the
Army to act as Secretary of War ad interim: There-
fore,
" Resolved by the Senate of the United States, That
under the Constitution and laws of the United States
the President has no power to remove the Secretary
of War, and to designate any other officer to perform
tho duties of the office ad interim."
That resolution was adopted on the 21st of
February, and was served, as the evidence before
you shows, on the evening of the same day.
The message which is now proposed to be in-
troduced was sent to the Senate on the 24th
day of February. It does not appear to the
Chief Justice that the resolution of the Senate
called for an answer, or that there was any call
upon the President to answer from the Senate
itself; and therefore he must regard the mes-
sage which was sent to the Senate on the 24th
of February as a vindication of the President's
act addressed by him to the Senate ; and it
does not appear to the Chief Justice to come
within any of the rules which have been applied
to the introduction of evidence upon this trial.
He will, however, take pleasure in submitting
the question to the Senate if any Senator desires
it. [After a pause. ] If no Senator desires that
the question be submitted to the Senate, the
Chief Justice rules the evidence to be inad-
missible.
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Chief Justice, we wish
to put in evidence a table which has been com-
piled in the office of the Attorney General,
which will be found to be, I believe, a con-
venience in the progress of the trial in the ex-
amination of the documentary evidence which
will be put in.
Mr. DHAKE. Mr. President, we cannot
hear tho honorable counsel.
Mr. CURTIS. I will endeavor to make
myself heard.
'The CHIEF JUSTICE. If Senators will
observe the rules of the Senate, and the gen-
tlemen who are in the Chamber and tho persons
in the galleries will abstain from conversation,
it will bo much easier to hear the counsel.
Mr. CURTIS. J will read the headings of
Unstable, so that the natureof its contents may
be perceived. It excludes all military and
naval officers, all judges of the constitutional
judiciary of the United States, all judges of
the Court of Claims, all officers whose appoint-
ment is vested in the Presidentalone, the heads
of Departments, or the courts of law, and all
public ministers, consuls, and other agents of
foreign intercourse. They are excluded, and
with these exceptions "the following is an
approximate list of all other executive and
territorial offices of the United States now and
heretofore established by statutory designation,
with their respective statutory tenures.''
Then follows the list of officers the table con-
tains. In tho first place tho date of the act of
Congress by which the office was created, tho
volume and page of the Statutes-at-Large, and
next eomes the name or title of the office. The
fourth column shows whether the tenure of the
office was for a definite term. Then there is an-
other column showing whether it was for a term
definite "unless sooner removed," the first col-
umn being for a definite term without any qual-
ification whatever, the second column being for
a term definite unless sooner removed, the third
column for a term indefinite and not expressly
during pleasure, and the fourth for a term in-
definite, but expressly "during pleasure."
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Before you put
that in we wish to object.
Mr. CURTIS. One moment. The names
of the offices are given, and then there are
carried out in these columns what tenure be-
longs to each of them. Of course this is not
offered as strietly evidence, but it has been
compiled as a table which it will be found very
convenient to refer to in argument, but which
it would be necessary to consult and turn over
a great number of statutes of the United States
in order to make use of or arrive at these re-
sults. Here they are all brought under the eye,
and we desire to have the table printed so that
it may be used in argument by counsel on all
sides.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I observe, Mr.
President and Senators, that there is one im-
portant column missing in this table, if it is
to have any effect on anybody's mind, and
that is a column showing whether the Senate
was or was not in session at the time any one
of these officers was removed.
Mr. CURTIS. It has nothing to do, allow
me to say, Mr. Manager, with removals at all.
It is the tenure of office merely. It has no bear-
ing on any question of removal. It merely gives
the statute tenures of these different offices:
and there are no facts here stated ; everything
is derived from the statutes. All that is in the
table is derived from the statutes of the United
States.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. The difficulty that
we find is that this is proposed to be made a
portion of the evidence. Itmaybeprintedand
appended to the argument of either gentleman
or sent as argument to the table of any Sena-
tor—precisely as (if I may use it as an illus-
tration) I sent my brief—as an abstract from
the laws ; but to offer it in evidence and to have
it printed except in that way is what we object
to. The reason for the objection must be ob-
vious. Who has any surety thatthis is correct?
The commissions aie not kept by the Attorney
General. They are in the Department of State.
Mr. EVARTS. This has nothing to do with
commissions.
Mr. MauagerBUTLER. Then this is a mere
abstract of the laws?
Mr. EVARTS. That is what we have stated
exactly.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Put it, then, in
your argument. Why should your abstract of
the laws be put in evidence any more than any-
body else's? The difference is this : if either
of my friends on the other side under their
hand and upon their examination put in their
brief an abstract of law I should believe that
the law was exactly as it purports to be ab-
stracted. But they do not claim that they have
examined this table—that this is their work.
It is done in the Attorney General's office.
Now, I have not so much confidence in every-
body in the Attorney General's office that I
am willing to take his abstract of laws and have
it put in these solemn proceedings. If -Mr.
Binekley, for instance, the Assistant Attorney
General, should prepare any paper of this sort.
1 should look it over a great while before I
should give it great weight, and, I think, the
country would from their knowledge. If Mr.
Stanbery, if either of the learned gentlemen
before me, will examine this and say that from
their examination it is correct, and they make
it a part of their argument, I am content; but
until that is done I object to its going in evi-
dence. Until that is done I object, and, as
my associate says, we shall object then. It is
not evidence in any form.
Mr. EVARTS. Mr. Chief Justice and Sen-
ators, there is but a word to be said on this
subject. It imparts info the case no primary
evidence. It can be verified by oath as being
correctly or honestly made up, if that is re-
quired. We upon our professional credit pre-
sent it as in our belief a correct statement in a
tabular form of the distribution of the statu-
tory provisions concerning the tenure of office
that are in force under the Government of the
United States.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Allow me, without
interrupting the gentleman, here to ask whether
he has examined it so as to know of his own
knowledge that it is so, because that will make
a great difference to my mind.
Mr. EVARTS. So presenting it, the ques-
tion is, whether you will receive it as the pro-
per and necessary tabular introduction to the
documentary evidence concerning these differ-
ent classes of offices in respect to the conduct
of the Government in filling or in vacating tho
