WM OOiYGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
Senator from New Yoi'k for calling for the
question after he has made a very handsome
speech and feeling satisfied that enough has
been said on the subject; but, inasmuch as I
wish to explain the ground upon which I shall
vote against this resolution, I must ask his
patience—I am §ure everybody else will grant
it to me—to hear me. I have no fault to find
with the Associated Press, so far as it has
treated me. It has done me more justice than
I am entitled to, I do not doubt. The ground
upon which I vote against permitting their
agent to take notes on the floor is that it ex-
tends a privilege to that close corporation of
associated newspapers—who, I admit, have the
perfect right to associate if they please, and
upon terms to suit them—tliajt other newspa-
pers who are equally worthy cannot have ; and
therefore it is that I am opposed to extending
a privilege of this kind to one set of newspa-
pers that I cannot extend to others who are
just as much entitled to it as they are. That
is the reason why I shall vote against this res-
olution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is manifest that we
can get no vote immediately upon this ques-
tion. The Senator from Connecticut [Mr.
Dixon] has been struggling for the floor for
some time, and there is gome other business
that we ought to do. I move tjiat the Senate
adjourn until eleven o'clock to-morrow. Let
us have an hour to do business. ["No!"
No!"] We shall get no vote to-night.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I lis moved
that when the Senate adjourns it adjourn to
meet at, eleven o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. CONKLING. That motion is not in
order now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; my motion is that
the Senate now adjourn to meet at eleven
o'clock to-morrow.
. Mr. CONKLING. Then I rise to a ques-
tion of order. That motion is not in order.
Mr. TiiUMBULL. I think it is in order to
adjourn to any hoij-r.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think not. I move that
when the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to
meet at eleven o'clock to-morrow.
ThePRESIDENTpro<c tjpore. In the opin-
ion of the Chair it is in order to adjourn to any
hour.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainlyit is in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour
of meeting is only fixed by a motion, and of
course it can be modified by a motion.
^ Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I move that the
Senate adjourn until eleven o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is that in order?
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Chair dccides that
it is.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I have no objec-
tion.
The motion was agreed to—ayes twenty-four,
noes not counted; and the Senate adjourned
to meet at eleven o'clock to-morrow.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, April S, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clockm. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton".
J he^ Speaker stated that if there were no
objection the reading of the Journal of yes-
terday would be dispensed with.
Ihere was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
leave of absence.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Sit-
gruavcs, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Burleigh, and
Mr. Moore for ten days ; to Mr. McCullough
for two weeks, and to Mr. Kitchen for four
days.
post office, new york city.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary
of the Treasury, inclosing the report of the
supervising architect of the Treasury Depart-
ment, in answer to a resolution of the House,
relative to the proposed post office at New
York city; which ?vas referred to the Com-
mittee ,on the Post Office and Post Roads, an<J
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SPALDING. I think that communica-
tion ought to be referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, as that committee has the sub-
ject under consideration.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understoodthe
subject \yas before the Coinmittee ofi the Post
Office and Post Roads, and accordingly gave it
that reference.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope it
will be referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio. I hope that direc-
tion will not be given to the document. The
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
has the subject under consideration and will
report in four or five days, and it ought to have
this report before it.
The SPEAKER. The reference will stand
as it is, to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
message from this president.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Moore,
one of his Secretaries.
expenses of ejection.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary ot' War, transmitting a communication
from General Schofield relative to the expenses
of holding elections in the first military dis-
trict; which was referred to the Committee on
Reconstruction, and ordered to be printed.
impeachment of the president.
The SPEAKER. The hour of twelve o'clock
has now arrived, and the House resolves itself
into the Committee of the Whole, according
to order, to proceed to the bar of the Senate,
following the managers and preceded by the
chairman of the Coinmittee of the Whole, who
will be attended by the Clerk and acting Door-
keeper.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole, in obedience to
the order, and proceeded to the bar of the
Senate.
At five o'clock and ten minutes p. m. the
Committee of the Whole returned to the Hall,
and the Speaker having resumed the chair,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, made the
following report: The Committee of the Whole
have, according to order, attended the managers
to the bar of the Senate, sitting as a court of
impeachment for the trial of Andrew Johnson;
progress has been made in the trial, and the
Senate, sitting as a court of impeachment, has
adjourned until twelve o'clock to-morrow.
And then, on motion of Mr. WASHBURNE,
of Illinois, (at live o'clock and fifteen minutes
p. m.,) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropri-
ate committees:
By Mr. BUCKLAND: The petition of Ed-
mund Willead, Abiathan Strickland, and Polly
Peck, widow of Abjah Peck, soldiers of the
war of 1812, all of Norwalk, Ohio, for pen-
sions.
Also, the petition of James F. Smith, of
Bellevue, Ohio, for relief for injuries received
in the military service.
By Mr. ROBERTSON: The petition of Cap-
tain Robert A. Dimmick and others, askin"
Congress to order a medal, to be struck in
bronze, to commemorate the preservation of
the American Republic: and that one of such
medals, under the direction of the War and
Navy Departments, shall be presented to every
officer, soldier, sailor, and marine who, by his
service in the war and an honorable discharge
has earned such a tribute of his country's re-
gard ; and one, also, to the children of those
who have fallen in their country's defense.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, April 4. 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sec-
retary will read the Journal of the legislative
proceedings of yesterday.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the reading
of the Journal of yesterday be dispensed with'.
Mr. EDMUNDS and Mr. GRIMES. No,
no ; let us hear it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
to dispense with the reading of the Journal of
yesterday.
Mr. GRIMES. I object. I want to know
what is in it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it must be read.
The Journal of yesterday's legislative pro-
ceedings was read and approved.
executive session.
Mr. HOWARD. There are certain docu-
ments upon the executive files of the Senate
which the managers of the impeachment desire
to use as evidence. It is impossible to furnish
th.ejn with certified copies without an order of
the Senate, which I suppose should be taken
in executive session. I therefore move that
the Senate now go into executive session.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator will
allow me first to take up and get a vote upon
the resolution in regard to the galleries, so that
it may be settled for the next week.
Several Senators. No, no.
Mr. HOWARD. I insist on my motion.
Mr. SHERMAN". I have no objection if it
is deemed necessary.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion does not admit of argument.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
thereupon proceeded to the consideration of
executive business ; and after some time spent
therein the doors were reopened.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, communicating, in compliance with
a resolution of the Senate of the 28th of March
last, information in relation to the buoys of
New York harbor; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
petition of Rehma Brown, praying to be al-
lowed a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
lie also presented a petition of citizens of
New lork, praying the repeal of the rule in
relation to the issuing of tickets to the galleriea
during the trial ol the impeachment of Andrew
Johnson; which was ordered to lieon the table.
He also presented three memorials of the
Legislature of Wisconsin, praying for the erec-
tion of a light-house on the point of the reef
I—™1®?'8, harbor; for an appropriation of
$10,000 to improve the harbor of Superior and
for thelocation of a light-house on Outer Island
in Lake Superior; which were referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
He ^so presented a petition of John llar-
man, William Coolman. and Samuel liedHclrl
praying for the passage of the biil granting
pensions to the soldiers and sailors of the war
on Pensions W 'he
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to present a
Wnni," -°? 'Ul0p.t^ at a  eetS,K of the
Maehnu-ts_ ai.d Blacksmiths' Union. No 4. of
Indmna, signed by the president, secretary,
and corresponding secretary, expressing their
pi/rlit 11 C,°"f,ess shou:d ooas that
eight homs shall be a day's work in the Gov-
ernment employment. This resolution comes
mn!?;!!nt05?an,zat!0n of respi ctable
men in Indiana, and relates to a subject of
general interest in that portion of the country
tPP refere'lce t]>e appropriate commit-
tee, and I make these remarks to call the
attention of the committee to it.
