3260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
Secretary of the Interiorin the manner hereinbefore
provided. And in case said company shall desire to
pay any portion of said bonds before the same shall
become due and payable, it shall be permitted to do
so, and shall be entitled on such payment to have
lands selected and patented to it in like manner as
on the payment of the bonds when due. And no
patent shall issue to any assignee of said company
for any of the lands purchased by it under the pro-
visions hereof.
Article II.
The right of way is hereby granted to said com-
pany through the lands herein authorized to be sold,
not exceeding one hundred feet in width, and the
right to take from said land such timber, stone,
water, and other material as may be necessary for
the construction and operation of the road, and for
the construction of its stations, culverts, and bridges:
Provided, however, That no timber or stone shall be
taken by the company or its agents from any of the
lands not paid for, except on the payment of the fair
value of such timber or stone, and under such regu-
lations as the Secretary ofthe Interior shall pro-
scribe, for which amounts the company shall be
entitled to credit on paying, as herein provided for
the lands fro in wliich such timber and stone may have
been taken.
Article III.
The proceeds of the sales of lands herein author-
ized to be sold shall be invested tor the Osage nation
in United States registered stocks, except as herein-
after provided, and the interest thereof shall bo
applied semi-annually under thedirection of the Sec-
retary oi the Interior, as iollows: (The interest on
$100,000 shall be paid in support of schools in said
nation:) the interest on $300,000 shall be paid in cash
for national purposes; $6,200 thereof shall bepaidas
compensation to the chicls and councilors of the
nation : $5,000 shall be expended lor the encourage-
ment of agriculture, to be paid pro rata to each head
of a family in proportion to the number of acres cul-
tivated and improvements made thereon by indi-
vidual members of the tribe, the object being to
encourage real industry among them, and the remain-
ing $1,800 thai 1 bo expended under the direction of the
council andagentfor the tribe in the payment oi'sueh
other expenses as may be necessary tor the benefit
and support of their national government; and the
interest on the balance shall be paid to the member*
of the nation per capita, or to the council for distri-
bution in money, goods, provisions, and other articles
of necessity as the council of the nation and the agent
for the tribe may recommend under the direction of
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
Article IV.
All persons being heads of families and citizens of
the United States, or members of any tribe at peace
with the United fc>tates, who havesettled on the strip
north of the present Osage reservation known as the
"trust lands," and are at the date of the signing
hereof residing rhereon as bona fide settlers, shad
have the privilege at any time within one year from
the date oi the ratification of this treaty, ot puichas-
ing from the United States a quarter section, at $1 25
per acre, to be selected in one body according to legal
divisions, and to include, as far as practicable, the
improvements of each settler: Provided, however.
That said quarter section shall not consist of, or be
made up from, parts of different quarter sections.
Article V.
Nothing in this treaty shall be held to impair the
rights ot half-breed 0«;tges, and of the heirs ot Joseph
Swiss, under the provisions ot articlc fourteen of the
treaty concluded September l?J,lSb<3, and it is hereby
declared that the following persons are the heir?, and
tilonly heirs, according to the Osage customs and
laws, of the said Joseph Swiss, namely : Phcbe Bey-
ette, Julia liavollette, Julia Ann Delonen, and
Jacob Swiss; and it is hereby provided that the
improvements of said half-breeds now on the lands
herein stipulated to be sold, shall be appraised by
the commissioners appointed to appraise these lands,
and the value thereof shall be paid to the owners ot
said improvements by the parties purchasing them,
withinsix mouths aftertheratificationof this treaty.
They shall have an equal right, in proportion to
their number, with the full-blood Indians in all the
benefits to bederived from this and all former treat-
ies with the O-sagc Indians, and shall select fiom
theirmimberone of their people who akall represent
them m the councils ot the nation, upon an equal
footing with the other members of said council.
Article VI.
As a compensation to the Osages for the stock and
fanning utensils which the United States agreed to
furnish them by the second article of the treaty of
January 11, 1839, and which were only in part fur-
nished, the United States agrees to pay the said
nation "520,000; and as compensation for the saw and
grist mill which the United States agreed by said
treaty to maintain for them for fifteen years, and
which weie only maintained five years, the United
States agrees to pay said nation $10,000, which sums
shall be expended under the direction of the Com-
missioner ot Indian Affairs in the following man-
ner: $12,000 in erecting agency buildings, a ware-
house, and blacksmiths' dwellings, and a blacksmith
shop, and rhc remaining $18,000 in the erection of a
scnool-house and church and the purchase of a saw
and grist mill, which mill is to be managed and con-
trolled by the society in charge of the Catholic mis-
sion, lor the benefit of said Indians.
Article VII.
The reservation herein authorized to be sold shall
be surveyed as other public lands are surveyed,
under the direction of the Secretary ofthe Iuterior,
and the expenses of survoy paid by the said Leav-
enworth, Lawrence, and Galveston Railroad Com-
pany.
Article VIII.
If the proceeds of the sale of the lands ceded to
the United States by the first article of the treaty of
January 21, 1867, shall exceed the amount of pur-
chase-money paid therefor by the United States and
expenses incident to the survey and sale thereof,
then the remaining proceedsshallbeinvested for the
Osages in United States registered stocks, and the
interest thercou applied semi-annually as other
.annuities.
Article IX.
The Osage Indians, beingsensibleof the great ben-
efits they have received from the Catholic mission,
and being desirous to have said mission go with them
to their new homes, it is hereby stipulated that two
sections ot laud, to be selected by the said society at
or near the agency, shall be granted in fee-simple to
John Shoenmakerin trust for the use and bonefit of
the society sustaining said mission, and it shall have
the free use of such timber and firewood as may be
necessary for the use of said mission and school on
condition that said society shall establish and main-
tain a mission and school for the education and civ-
ilization ot the Osages. But it the said society shall
fail to avail itself ot the provisions of this treaty
within twelve months alter the removal of said In-
dians to their new homeit shall forfeit all the rights,
privileges, and immunities hei ein conlerred upon it,
including said lands, in which contingency these
same rights, privileges, and benefits so iorleited shall
inure to any otherChnstian society willing to assume
the duties and responsibilities, and comply with the
conditions herein enjoined on said mission: Pro-
vided, however. That in the event no Christian society
should ay ail themselves of the benefits herein pro-
vided within two years from the removal of said
Indians to their new homes, then all lunds herein
set apart for said school and missionary purposes
shall be applied, under the direction of the Commis-
sioner of Indian Allans, to such purposes as m his
judgment will best, promote the moral, intellectual,
and industrial mtciests ofthe Osage nation: Pro-
vided, That the annual expenditure for school pur-
poses may be increased at the discretion of the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs to an amount not to
exceed $o,000, as in his judgment the educational ne-
cessities ot the Osagcs may require, to be deducted
from the annuities.
Articlb X.
The Great and Little Osage nation of Indians being
anxious to relieve themselves from the buiden oi
their present liabilities, and it being essential to their
best interests that they should be allowed to com-
mence their new mode ot life iree liom the embar-
rassment of debt, it is hereby stipulated and agreed
that all just and valid debts which may be due and
unpaid at the date oi the signing of this treaty, either
to wnitca or Indiana, by said Osages, bhall be liquid-
ated and paid out ot I lie lunds arising irom thesalo
of the lanus herein stipulated to be sold, so far as
tno same shall bo found just and valid on an exam-
ination thereof, to be made by the agent of the tribe
and the superintendent ot Indian affairs lor the cen-
tral superintendency, whose duty it shall be to ex-
amine all claims presented to them within one year
from the piomuigation of this treaty and to take in
writing the evidence in favor of and against said
claims, and alter having made such examination,
they shall submit said claims to the national council
of the Osage nation for their approval or rejection,
and report their proceedings thereon, with the evi-
dence and decision of the council, and their opinions
in each individual case, to the Commissioner of
Indian Aliairs, whose decision, subject to tho revis-
ion of tho Secretary oi the interior, shall bo final:
Provided, That the amount so allowed and paid shall
not exceed $-10,000: And provided further, Thar,if the
amount of just claim-shall cxceed the sum of &40.000,
the said amount ot £-10,000 bhall be divided pro rata
among the different claimants whose claims shall
have been established and allowed.
Article XI.
The United States agrees that the agent for said
Indians in the luturc shall make his home at the
agency buildings; that he shall reside among them
and keep an olhce open at all times lor tho purpose
oi prompt and diligent inquiry into such matteis of
complaint, by and against the Indians, as may be
presented for investigation under the provisions ot
their treaty stipulations, as also for the faithful dis-
charge of other duties enjoined on him bylaw. In all
cases of depiedation on person or property, he shall
cause tho evidence to be taken in writing and lor-
warded, together with his finding, to the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, whose decision, subject to
the revision of the Secretary of the Interior, shall be
binding on all the parties to this treaty.
Article XII.
If any individual belonging to said tribe of In-
dians, or legally incorporated with them, being the
head ot a family, shall desire to commence farming,
he shall have the privilege to select, in the presence
and with the assistance ofthe agent then in charge,
a tract of land within said reservation not exceeding
three hundred and twenty acres m extent, which
tract when so selected, certified, and recorded in the
land book, as herein directed, shall cease to be held
in common; but the same may be occupied and held
in the exclusive possesion of the person selecting it
and of his family so long as he or they may continue
to cultivate it. Any person over eighteen years of
age, not being the head of a family, may in like man-
ner select, and cause to be certified to him or fbr
purposes of cultivation a quantity of land not ex-
ceeding eighty acres in extent, and thereupon be
entitled to the exclusive possession of the same, as
above directed. For each tract of land so seiectefl a
certificate containing a description thereof, and tne
name of the person selecting it, with a certificate
indorsed thereon that the same has been recorded,
shall be delivered to the party entitled A*
agent alter the same shall have been recorded bX him
in a book to be kept in his office subject to J"?**6®"
tion, which said book shall be known-as the O&age
Land Book." The President may at any time older
a survey of the reservation, and when so surveyed.
Congress shall provide for protecting the right«ot
said settters in their improvements, and may nx tne
title held by each. The United States may pass such
laws on thesubjectof alienation and descentol prop-
erty, and on all subjects connected with the govern-
ment of the Indians on said reservation and the
internal police thereof, as may be thought proper.
Article XIII.
It is hereby agreed that the first article of the
treaty made at Conville trading post, Osage nation,
in the State of Kansas, on the29th day of September,
A. D.1865, by and between theUmted btates and the
Osage tribe of Indians, shall be, anA hereby is. so
amended as to strike out in the second line ot the
fourth page, (printed copy,) after the word Inte-
rior," the words "on the most advantageous terms;
and in the third and fourth lines, alter the word
"laws/' strike Out the words " no preemption claim;
so as to make the clause, of which the word-stricken
out are members, read as follows; " S;tid lands shall
be surveyed and sold under the direction oi the &ec-
retaiy of the Interior for cash, as public lauds are
surveyed and sold undcrexisting laws, but no home-
stead settlement shali be recognized. It is also
agreed to add after the last word in the amended
clause, namely," recognized :''/WyzdW, That nothing
in this amendmentbhall be so construed as to dimin-
ish in any way the funds derivable to the Indians
un.dersaid treaty, or construed so as to interfere with
vested rights under said treaty.
Article XIV.
The United States hereby agrees to sell to the
Great and Little Osages tribe ot Indians, for their
iuture home, at a price not to exceed twent}-five
cents per acre, the following-described district of
country, namely: commencing at a point where
the ninety-sixth meridian west from Greenwich
crosses the south line of the State of Kansas: thence
south on .-aid meridian to the north line of the Creek
country; thence west, on said north line, to a point
wheresaid line crosses the Arkansas river: thence
up said Arkansas liver, in the middle of the main
channel thereof, to a point where the south line of
tho State of Kansas crosses said Arkansas river;
thence east on said State line to the place of begin-
ning. It. is hereby agreed that the United States
shall, at its own expense, cause the boundary lines
of said country to be surveyed and marked by per-
manent and conspicuous monuments. Said survey
to be made under the direction of the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs. And it is hereby stipulated and
agreed that when the United States has secured a
title to the above described lands, the Osages shall be
required to movo and reside thereon: but nothing in
this treaty shall be so construed as to compel the
said Indians to remove from their present reserva-
tion until the Government has secured said title, and
notice thereof given by the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs to the agent of said Indians.
Article XV.
The Osago tribe of Indians hereby assent to anv
alterations or amendments which the Senate of the
United States may make to this treaty: Provi-U>l,
lhat such alterations or amendments do not affect
the rights and interests of said Osage Indians, as
delined and secured in this <ind former treaties.
Article XVI.
The Osages aeknowiedse their dependence on the
Government of the United States, arid invoke its
protection sindcare. They desire peace, and promise
to abstain from war, and commit no depredation o«i
either whites or Indians: and they further strive in
use their best eilorts to suppress theintroduotiun ai.d
use oi ardent spirits in their country.
Article XVII.
->nT|h i %lten Statc/ !lercb5- agree to pav to th<> Groat
and Little^ Osage tube ot Indvans a juM and fair
compensation for stock stolen from them bv ivhu-s
since the ratification of the treaty of September
ibbo, and it is made the duty of the agent for the <aid
12°,J°finVCS*'«Sute ail claims of this character and
repoit the same with the proofs in each case to the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs within three months
a om the ratification of this treaty.
Article XVIII.
It is hereby agreed that the Commissioner * f In-
dian Affairs shall make an examination oi ,1j<mw -
of the Osage tribe of Indians, and u he find5?
that the sum of $3,000 due Clairmont, a chief of j-\jid
tube, under the ninth article of the treaty ot i
nas never been paid to said chief, he shaifeau-e the
said sum to be paid to the said Clan mom for tbe^ole
use and benofitof the band of wbi.ih heiVehiVf
in testimony whereof the undersigned the's-id
ISiathanud G. Taylor, Thoma* Murphv^corg^C
bnow, and AlbertO. Boone, coiumis>ioner< ^afore-
said, on behalf of tne Luited State*, and tho ami ■-*-
^gned chiefs and head men ofthe Great and la'tle
Osago tribe of Indians, have hereunto set their hands
