1212
Till CONGRE&SKMAL GLOBE.
February 17,
of .the earliest laws passed sifter the rebellion
began. I refer now to the law regulating com-
mercial intercourse with the iqsijrrectionary
States, the act of July 13, "1861, the title of
which is "An act to provide for the collection
of duties on imports, and for other purposes."
The great objpet of that lay jy&g to regulate
intercourse with the southern States, and to
provide by law for the collection-of the duties
on imports where they could not be collected
in the ordinary way. {n this connection I de-
sire to eall particular attention to ,the fifth sec-
tioa of that_ law, arid to the proviso contained
in that section. Section five provides i
" That.whenever the President, in pursuattco of
the pravisipps of t,ho second section of the Act en-
titled' An act to provide for calling forththe militia
to execute the laws of the Union, suppress insurrec-
tions, and repel invasions, and to repeal the act now
in force for that purpose,' approved February 28.
1/95, shall have callcd forth the militia to suppress
combinations against the laws of the United States,
am to -cause- the tews to be duly executed, and th,e
insurgents shall have failed to disperse by the timo
directed by the President, and when said insurgents
claim to act under the authority of any State or
States* an<jl such claim is not disclaimed or repudi-
ated by the persons exercising the functions of gov-
ernment in sueh State or States, or in the part or
parts thereof in which said combination exists, nor
such insurrection suppressed by said State or States,
then and in such case it may and shall be lawful for
the President, by proclamation, to .declare that the in-
habitants of such State or any section or part therof
where such insurrection exists, are in a state of in-
surrection against tho united States; and thereupon
all commercial intercourse by and between the same
and the citizens thereof and the citizens of tho rest
of the United Sta-fces shall cease ancj- be unlawful so
long as such condition of hostility shall continue;
and all goods and chattels, wares and merchandise,
coming from said State or section into the other
parts of the United States, and all proceeding to
such States, or section, by land or water shall, to-
gether with the vessel or vehicle conveying the same,
or conveying persons to or from such State or sec-
tion, be forieite# to the United States."
ISTow conies the proviso to which I invite
epecial attention:
" Provided, however, That the Presidontmay, in his
discretion, license andpermitcommorcial intercourse
with any such part of said State or section, tho in-
habitants of which are so declared in astato of insur-
rection, in sueh articles, and for such time, and by
such persons as ho, in his discretion, may^ think most
conducive to the public interest; such intercourse,
so far as by him licensed, shall be conducted and car-
ried on only in pursuance of rules and regulations
§rescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury; and the
ecretary of the Treasury may appoint such officers,
at places where officers of the customs are not now
authorized by law, as may be needed to carry into
effect such lioehses, rules, and regulations; and offi-
cers of the customs, and other officers, shall receive
for services under this scction, and under said rules
and regulations, such fees and compensation as are
now allowed for similar service under other provisions
of law."
Under this section the Secretary of the Treas-
ury made rules and regulations by which cer-
tain persons might be licensed to trade in cotton
and other articles—the particular provision
was directed to cotton; that was the thing most
had in view. These regulations were approved
by the President. Under them the Secretary
of the Treasury appointed many officers to
attend to the duties imposed by the act; gave
many licenses to trade; and the officers them-
selves, under the regulations, were authorized to
give licenses in certain cases. The President,
himself, under the authority conferred by this
act, was in the habit of giving licenses to cer-
tain persons to get out cotton.
Gentlemen have said that wherever cotton
was seized it should have been immediately
sold under another act which was afterward
passed, and the proceeds paid into the Treas-
ury, when, in fact, the law to which they re-
ferred in that particular did not cover or
attempt to cover these licenses; and many
cases which are set forth in the list to which
Senators have alluded, and which has been
shown here, are eases where individuals had
under a license obtained cotton by purchase
or otherwise, and that property had been seized
for breach o'f the regulations, or something of
that sort; and those questions whether the
regulations had been broken were questions
submitted to the Secretary of the lreasury tor
decision. These constitute a large number ot
the cases which are found in that list. Sena-
tors will see that the law oa which they rely
does aot cover such cases at all. They&ave
insisted here that the law is positive, and re-
quires" all proceeds of cotton to be at once paid
into tho Treasury. They will see, on exam-
ination, that that related to an entirely differ-
ent subject. Heucc they are mistaken in sup-
posing that there was no case where, when
property was seized by an agent, the Secretary
of the Tr-easury had a right to revise liis action,
and deliver up the property or theiproceeds of
the property, if it had been wrongfully seized.
The.matter of the breach of his rules and reg-
ulations was altogether under his supervision.
The law to which I haye called attention
was the first law on the subject, and I have
referred to it to show the fact that there were
a great number of cases arising under these
rules and regulations alone where property had
been bought or had been possessed in some
way by individuals under licenses granted by
the President, by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury under the regulations that he made, or by
some other person, and where that property
had been seized by the officers for breach of
the regulations or fraud upon the regulations,
and those cases were revised by the Secretary
of the Treasury. The next act to which I
shall refer is the act of March 12, 18G3, upon
which the, gentlemen to whom I have alluded
have especially relied.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to understand
the Senator with rcfcrence to the act he has
just quoted. I wish to know if under that act
the Secretary of the Treasury made rules under
;wbioh cotton purchased by a licensed trader,
so to speak, might be forfeited by the action
of his agents, and the proceeds got into the
Treasury and received from the purchasing
agent without any trial or condemnation.
Mr. FESSBNDEN. I cannot remember
the rules specifically. I know that the Secre-
tary of tho Treasury made rules and regula-
tions, and that very frequently personal prop-
erty was seized from persons who had permits,
as they were called, for a breach of these reg-
ulations or fraud on the regulations or some-
thing of that kind. Then the question would
come up for examination whether the person
had a permit, and whether, if he had a permit,
he had not violated it in some way, whether he
had not broken the rules and regulations which
the Secretary had laid down for his action, and
in those cases the question was referred very
frequently to the Secretary of the Treasury
himself, and he decided on them.
Mr. HOWE. But, if I understand the act,
it only authorized the Secretary or President
or other party to license men to purchase cotton.
Mr. FESSBNDEN. The proviso to the fifth
section is;
"Provided, however, That thePresident may, in his
discretion, license and permit commercial intercourse
with anysueh part of said State orseetion theinhab-
itants of which are so declared in a state of insurrec-
tion, in such articles and for such timo and by such
persons as he in his discretion may think most con-
ducive to tho public interest; and sueh intercourse,
so far as by him licensed, shall be conducted and car-
ried on only in puisuance of rules and regulations
proscribed by the Secretary of the Treasury.''
Mr. HOWE. Now the Senator will under-
stand the point to which my inquiry goes.
Under that act certain parties were licensed to
purchase cotton. I understand him to assert
that the proceeds of some of the cotton so pur-
chased by licensed parties on their own ac-
count got out of the pockets of the purchasers
and got into the Treasury. I want to know if
the Senator means to be understood so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I said nothing of that
sort. I said the question arose whether prop-
erty seized by the officers for breach of these
regulations had been correctly seized. The
question came up before the Secretary of the
Treasury to decide whether it had or had not
been. I suppose there may have been cases in
whieh he decided that it had been erroneously
seized, and therefore_ gave it up. Probably
there were other cases in which he decided that
it was properly seized, and in such cases the
property was sold, and its proceeds form part
of this fund. _
Mr. HOWE. But the report which we have
been considering goes to show the disposition
of money which had been put into the Treas-
ury. I want to know how any part of the money
which wasireceived from cdtton purchased by
individuals could have got into the Treasury.
Mr. FESSBNDEN. If it got into the hands
of an officer of the Treasury Department and
he sold it and received the money that money
makes part of the fund. What you complain
of is that it did not get into the Treasury until
a long time afterward; but it makes a part of
that fund that went into the hands of the Treas-
urer, remaining for some time in the hands of
the officer perhaps, not being paid over at once
as it might be. I have ,no particular recollec-
tion of sueh cases ; but if cotton was seized for
a breach of the regulations of course it waa
sold and the proceeds make part of the fund—
the $34,000,000 which has been spoken of.
The act of March 12, 1863, is the act which
has occasioned so much comment. I have no
hope of convincing my honorable friends from
Illinois and Wisconsin upon this point, be-
cause they have both laid it down in very
decided terms that there is no dispute about
it, that it is so, that every dollar of the fund
ought to have been paid into the Treasury, that
nothing ought to have been given up, that that
is the object of the act and the only construc-
tion possible. I say that I have no hope of
convincing my honorable friends because they
have both been distinguished ornaments of the
bench in their respective States, and I know
gentlemen who have been on the bench for a
time and in the habit of deciding questions,
especially on the construction of statutes, never
can be coavinced that their construction is
erroneous. I have a little more hope of my
friend from Vermont, because he is a plain
counsellor at law, as I was myself, and his
opinions are not so definite and fixed.
The honorable Senator from Illinois • says
that the third section of this act of 1863 was
expressly passed to provide for cases of erro-
neous seizure; that the appeal to the Court
of Claims there provided for was in order to
have the errors reversed and corrected. There
I take issue with him most distinctly and de-
cidedly. That was not the object of it. The
plain language of the statute is otherwise. It
is not to correct errors at all, because property
may be properly seized, properly sold, the
money properly disposed of, aud yet, although
everything has been done properly under the
law, the party claiming it may go to the Court
of Claims and recover notwithstanding. The
object of the section was not solely and partic-
ularly, as my friend supposes, to correct errors,
but to give parties whose property has been
rightly taken under the law a chance to recover
back their property or its proceeds by going
to the Court of Claims. lie is wrong, in my
judgment, in the very first construction he
puts upon the law so hastily. Let us look at
the language of the law and"see if it is not so.
It provides for the taking of certain property
in the insurrectionary States, abandoned and
captured property, how it shall be taken care
of in a certain way, and then comes the pro-
vision with regard to the Court of Claims. It
is in these words :
" And any person claiming to have been the owner
oi any such abandoncd"- -
That ia, where it was really abandoned—
"or captured property"—
Where it was really captured—
May at any time within two years after the sup-
pression ox the rebellion prefer his claim to the pro-
ceeds thereof xn the Court of Claims; and on proof
to the satistaction of said court of his ownership of
sa j Rro??rt* 0^ ^is right to the proceeds thereof,
and that he has never given any aid or comfort to
the present rebellion, to receive the residue of such
proceeds, after the deduction of any purchase money
which may have been paid, together with the ex-
pense ot transportation and &ule of said property,
and any other lawful expenses attending tho dispo-
sition thereof."
That last clause, permit me to say, shows
that my friend from Illinois adopted the true
construction when he said that all the expenses
