4284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
'altering it very materially. Bte says also that
the bridge is placed very badly, so as not receive
the current fairly, and he says if they had gone
a mile and a half further down the river an
unobjectionable place mighthave been secured.
So that the accidents which are said to have
occurred at the Steubenville bridge are not in
consequence of that bridge being built on the
plan prescribed by law, but of a want of integ-
rity in following it out.
There is another departure, as I think, from
General Warren's recommendation in this bill,
as to which I hive prepared an amendment,
that 1 will offer as soon as the pending amend-
ment is disposed of. According to this bill as
it reads all the spans clear across the river,
except the middle channel span, which is to be
five hundred feet,are to be two hundred and fifty
feet. There is nothing of that kind in General
Warren's letter. The only thing from which
it can be supposed that his opinion is favorable
to a five hundred feet span bridge is an esti-
mate that he made before for such a bridge.
He makes a calculation for a five hundred feet
span over the main channel, and then for two
spans of three hundred feet each adjoining it
on each side, but he leaves the residue to be
made, I suppose, at the convenience of the
bridge company, as it necessarily must be,
because rivers do not divide accurately into
certain numbers of feet, and besides that,
many of these other spans are in the water-
way near the shore, where it is of no consequence
as to their width. I propose to amend this
bill at least in that particular, and to follow,
whatever the figures may be, the plan adopted
in the previous law, which requires only one
span to be of great width, which is certainly
sufficient for the purposes of navigation.
I must, while I am up, notice a little that
has been said on the other side.
The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton] is
very fond of saying that we are about to build
cheap bridges. Why, sir, the bridges to which
he refers will cost considerably over half a
million dollars apiece. They will cost, I think,
almost as much as this estimate here for a
bridge of five hundred feet span, which, I
believe, cannot he built for less than over a
million dollars. We have also had some
strange stories about the navigation of the Ohio
river. The Senator from Indiana has a faculty
which I do not claim to possess, and therefore
admire the more; he makes large assertions
stand in the place of law and fact. When the
last day of this month shall have arrived it will
be precisely one third of a century since X went
to live on the Ohio river. 1 have lived within
sight of it. The room that I principally in-
habit looks out upon it. The Senator has seen
many things on the Ohio river that never yet
met my eye. He has seen a fleet of cpal boats
six hundred feet long propelled by a little
stern-wheel steamer in the rear which has not
the power to steer herself and could not steer
a lot of coal boats. He wants to let a fleet of
coal boats six hundred feet long propelled by a
little stern-wheel steamer go under the bridge.
There is no necessity for that; it cannot be at
all. That is not the way it is done. They
take a very powerful steamer, and always a
side-wheel steamer, and put that with one row
of boats in front and the rest at the side and
behind, and then she has some little command
of her fleet; she would have none at all if she
were placed at the rear, and especially a stern-
wheeler that has but one wheel, and of course
cannot steer with it, whereas aside-wheel boat
by stopping one wheel and working the other
can get her head around sometimes.
1 do not know that it is of any use to dilate
on this question, but there are other matters in
connection with the navigation of the Ohio
river stated here as absurd as that was. Gen-
tlemen talk of a fleet of coal boats two hun-
dred and sixty-two feet front and over six hun-
dred feet long. I inquired of Mr. Engineer
Roberts on that point. He was very kind and
very polite in answering all questions. In his
written report he seems to labor most, as do all
these engineers, to prove the practicability of
a five'hundred feet span, as if that were at
least a doubtful matter. I asked him what
was the greatest width of these fleets of coal
boats, and he told me one hundred and forty
feet. That I believe is the width with a steamer
and two rows of boats on each side abreast..
The body of engineers whose report I alluded
to the other day fixed the greatest width at
one hundred and twenty-five feet, and as I en-
deavored then to show three hundred feet pas-
sage-way must bo enough for a fleet one hun-
dred and forty feet wide to go through. No
steamboat has ever stuck at the Steubenville
bridge, but if the coal boats stick therewith
only two hundred and fifty feet passage-way, it
is because there is not water enough on those
rip-iajis, according to General Warren, for
anything to pass over their top until there is
fifteen tcet of water in the river.
There is another mistake in regard to this.
Gentlemen talk of the current of the Ohio
river, Parkersburg, where I live, is two thou-
sand miles from the mouth of the Mississippi,
and it is just five hundred feet above tide-
water. Consequently the descent of the water
in the Ohio and Mississippi rivers for two
thousand miles averages but three inches a
mile—not likely to produce a very strong cur-
rent. The Senator says that the current at
the bridge, supposing it to be somewhat in-
creased by the narrowing of the passage, is
two and three eighths miles an hour, and he
does not pretend that it is any more. He says
what 1 never heard of before, however, that
at the height of a freshet the current is six miles
per hour. I never before heard it estimated
at more than four miles. At any rate, the fact
is well known that there is no such current in
the river, except at a high freshet, as would ren-
der the current any way strong. He says that
makes it a source of danger because steam-
boats have to put on steam in order to get way
enough on them to steer. I do not agree with
him that that necessarily increases their dan-
ger. The fact is that no boats, and especially
no coal boats, go on the top of high water.
In high water the stream is always higher in
the middle than on the sides, and naturally
they are thrown off. But they start just as the
river begins to fall. That is the case on all
these rivers that are navigated by flood boats.
When the water begins to fall the boats are
started, and then the channel is depressed, and
they stick to it without any difficulty whatever.
I have heard nothing that goes to show that
there is any peculiar danger in this navigation.
If the spans of the bridge are as wide as the
natural channel of the river, and that is 'not
contested at a certain stage of water, the
spans are certainly wide enough for the accom-
modation of the boats. These long arrays of
six hundred feet that are talked of are very
seldom seen, and they are not adapted to the
navigation of the river, because the river has
sudden bends. There is quite a sharp bend
at Parkersburg, and I apprehend that if the
Senator's six hundred feet of coal boats with
a stern-wheeler behind them come there they
would go ashore on the lower side. They
cannot want more accommodation at the
bridge than they have in the channel of the
river.
The Senator speaks of the Ohio having a
width of water of eleven hundred feet. That
is when the river is full to its banks. He says
that this navigation is extended for seven
months in the year. Sir, nobody ever saw that
for more than seven days at a time. The coal
boats, as this engineer told me, draw ten feet,
and the steamer draws eight feet, and that is
all the water they want. And when there is
no more water in the river than is needed for
their purpose, I apprehend the channel is not
over three hundred feet, unless at very favor-
able places.
I do not wish to consume time, not seeing any
good that is to come from it; but I should be
glad .if I were able to make the Senate under-
stand this subjeetas it appears to me. What we
offer is to go on according to the law under
which the bridges now in process of construc-
tion have been commenced; and if the Steu--
benville bridge is not built according to the law
let it be forced to conform itself to the law ;
but we wish to go on under the law that was
passed in 1862, and tinder which we have been
acting now for nearly two years, in preparing
for this work, and be allowed to complete our
bridges on that plan. That, is what we ask,
and 1 shall offer an amendment to except the
bridges above Parkersburg from the operation
of this bill. There is nothing in the other pro-
visions of the bill which we should object to.
Our channels are straight above and below,
and there is nothing in this bill which we
should not have anticipated aside from the
points I have indicated. In the first place the
span is broader than is necessary, and, as was
remarked by the Senator from Kansas this
morning, here is width, or as the engineers call
it, a length of span of five hundred feet which,
according to them, is yet an experiment. They
have deemed it necessary in all their publica-
tions on this subject to spend much effort in
arguing that it is practicable, not to use, but
to build a bridge with five hundred feet span.
They consider that so far a doubtful point that
they expand themselves mostly upon that As
was justly observed by the Senator from Kan-
sas, there is nothing in existence by which they
can test it. There is no case in this country
where any railroad company has bnilt a bridge
with five hundred feet span, unless a suspen-
sion bridge.
Now, in regard to suspension bridges, I have
never seen the one at Niagara; but I know
that when an ordinary wagon goes over a sus-
pension bridge it rises right up in front of it;
and to tell me that such a bridge is compe-
tent to bear railroad trains going over it at any
rate of speed which is usual is more than I
am inclined to believe at present. The bridge
at Wheeling was built by Mr. Ellett, andithas
been turned upside down. They say now they
can stay such bridges by artificial stays fas-
tened to them and to the shore. The bridge
at Wheeling was fastened just in that way ; and
on one occasion, when a drove of cattle was
crossing, something scared them when they
were about one third of the way over, and they
began going round and round, and pilingin, as
cattle will, making a perfect stampede, and the
bridge was very violently agitated, and these
stays of iron snapped like pipe-stems. I do
not believe railroad cars can go over a sus-
pension bridge with any speed, with any re-
gard for safety; and I want to know whether,
until that experiment has been made in some
satisfactory form, the Senate is prepared to
vote that railroad trains carrying four or five
hundred human beings as passengers are to be
put upon a structure ninety feet above the
water, and extending from pier to pier five
hundred feet without support. That is the
question for consideration, but the question is
still stronger than that: are you going to pass
a bill which provides that this dangerous length
shall be the minimum ? That is what you are
required to say when you are asked to make
the span five hundred feet.
There is another thing about this matter, and
I saw it treated very gingerly in some of these
reports, though I had a conversation with
engineer Roberts about it. He spoke of the
five hundred feet span. I told him what my
views were, and he declared that it would have
to bo much more weighty in order to obtain
the required strength for the increased length.
This of course would greatly enhance the cost,
making it more than double. I am told, also,
that the piers to sustain it at each end must
be much larger than those necessary to sus-
tain a thiee hundred feet span. He got over
that by saying that they would not be longer
in proportion ; but the strength must be in
proportion,^ and if you are going to risk the
erection of such a structure 1 should think
you would want something more than lead
pencil figures on paper to know how you could
make it.
I contend that in the narrow channel of the
Ohio river the introduction of two large piera
