1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4m
must necessarily afford more obstruction to
the channel than the three ordinary-sized piers
would do. In fact, I do not see that anything
is to be gained for anybody by this bill, except
that perhaps the pilots and steersmen of the
coal boats may not have to attend to their
business quite as closely as they ought to attend
to it. Anybody who sees coal boats stowed
up along the Ohio river ou almost every shoal
will see that they are not very careful. It is
no new tiling for coal boats to be stuck. I
have already described how ill adapted they
are for steering, how clumsily they are built,
how laboriously they are managed. They
were made in that way originally, because
when a boat went down the river and delivered
her cargo she was sold and broken up. It did
not pay at that time to construct regular coal
barges or those which would steer with more
ease ; but it is in the power of those who have
engaged in this business, now that they have
introduced steamboats for tows, to build fine
boats, good boats, to carry their coal, and, as
they now do in many cases, to toiv them back
again, though they have little to bring back
except their empty boats.
Now, sir, what I ask of the Senate is that
they will take this subject into serious consid-
eration. I ask them to give us a chance, ac-
cording to the amendment of the Senator from
Kansas, to go before the Secretary of War and
his board ol engineers to ascertain whether the
three hundred feet span which we are already
preparing to build, by getting ready the iron,
the materials tor the top, and by the com-
mencement of the piers, will answer. If they
are willing to give us the chance of the verdict
of a board, composed as that is to be, holding
that that is sufficient for the navigation of the
river, then they will vote for this amendment
of the Senator from Kansas, and let us have
three hundred feet as a minimum span, to be
increased it that shall be the view ol the board
of engineers appointed by the Secretary of
War. I will also ask to have the other spans
altered in accordance with what has been usual,
not that every span across the river shall be
of equal width, but that an adjoining span to
the inam-chauiiel span shall be of a width
suited to it.
Mr. MORION. My friend from West Vir-
ginia thought proper to say that I had the gift
of making round assertions, a gift that he was
not possessed of.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I said the Senator
had the gift of making thern stand in place of
fact and laws.
Mr. MORION. If the Senator is able to
point to a single assertion I have made 111 re-
gard to these bridges that is not sustained by
the evidence I will give him the floor and let
him pomt it out. As an illustration of my
round assertions, be said that he had lived—
1 do not know how many years—overlooking
the Ohio river, from which I suppose he would
have us infer that he knows all about that
river aud its commerce, and all about bridging
necessary; and he denied the statement I had
made that these tows were pushed by stern-
wheel steamboats. He said they were pushed
by side-wheel steamers of powerful construc-
tion. Whether the tows are pushed by side-
wheelers or stern-wheelers is not very material
to this argument; but I am advised by one who
certainly knows more about the river than the
Senator does, as it has "been his business to
navigate it for many years, that he does not
know of a single side-wheeled steam tow-boat
■on the river. They are all stern-wheelers, and
powerful boats. 'I his is not an important mat-
ter ; but when my friend talks about "round
assertions" aud his room overlooking the Ohio
river he ought to know something about it.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Will the gentleman
tell me how his assertion can be true'/ How
does a stern-wheeler steer'/ Does she steer
by the wheel'/
Mr. MORION. I am not a pilot; I do not
know how Uiey steer with their wheels ; but the
Senator said they were side-wheelers aud not
stern-wheelers. My friend must look a little
sharper when he looks at the river. I am told
he is entirely mistaken in what he said as to
the character of the boats. But thai is not
very important.
A word now in regard to another assertion.
The Senator from Kansas to-day in his zeal
said the bridge at St. Louis had been aban-
doned. Here I must remark that I have ob-
served the tactics by which this bill has been
kept off, first in the committee of which the
Senator from Kansas and the Senator from West
Virginia are members, for several months, and
has been kept off now until the latest moment
in the session. By these tactics the morning
hour was consumed on Saturday and the morn-
ing hour was consumed to-day. I must say
that these tactics are something I do not ap-
prove of. The Senator from Kansas this morn-
ing said that the five hundred feet span at St.
Louis had been abandoned and Captain Eads
had gone to Euroupe.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not say the bridge
had been abandoned ; I said Captain Eads had
gone to Europe.
Mr. MORTON. I understood the Senator
to say that the bridge had been abandoned. It
was of no importance whether Captain Eads
was going to Europe or not if the bridge was
going on. I understood the Senator to state
that the bridge had been abandoned, and that
Captain Eads had gone off to Europe. We
telegraphed to St. Louis to know if that state-
ment was true, and we have received an an-
swer saying no. The person who sent the dis-
patch said that he called on the secretary and the
vice president of the bridge company, and they
said the bridge was going on, and going on
well; that Captain Eads was about to sail for
Europe for a time on account of his health.
That is a very different statement from the
Senator's that the bridge had been abandoned.
Mr. POMEROY. I never said it.
Mr. MORTON. I understood the Senator
to say that; and if that was not what he meant,
it was wholly unimportant to state where Cap-
tain Eads was or where he was going.
The Senator from Kansas said in his speech
to-day, and he said it the other day, and it has
beeii repeated this evening, that five hundred
feet span bridges are experiments; that, they
have never succeeded ; that they are new things,
and the Senator from Kansas went on to argue
very learnedly, indeed, on the subject. I
thought he certainly must be an engineer; he
must have read divers old books on the subject
of bridge building. He went on to prove this
morning that an arch bridge with a live hun-
dred feet span or a long span, made of iron
and steel, would fail oil account of expansion
from heat. He said that it was a new thing
which had never been done, and therefore we
were advancing upon an untried experiment.
That was a pretty "round assertion," but it
was not made by myself; it comes from the
other side, and I think they are somewhat
badly off for facts and arguments when they
indulge in statements of that character.
Now, I ask the attention of the Senate while
I read the statement of Captain John A. Roe-
bling, the engineer who built the bridge at
Niagara, a railroad bridge of eight hundred
and fifty-eight feet span. That bridge has been
in operation thirteen years, and it is said that
a train of ears can be run over that bridge at
the rate of thirty miles an hour. They do not
do it, for that would be madness over a fearful
chasm likq that; but that railroad bridge is
perhaps the strongest in the world to-day. I
have before me the statement of the engineer
of that bridge, and the engineer of the Cincin-
nati bridge, which is ten hundred and fifty-
eight feet span, and which, it is estimated, will
bear a burden of fifteen thousand tons, and
who is now building a bridge at the Highlands
across the Hudson with a sixteen hundred feet
span, a railroad bridge estimated to sustain a
weight ol twenty-live thousand tons when it is
finished. He is now constructing that bridge,
aud has furnished plans, I believe, for a bridge
of two thousand feet span over the East river
at New York. This distinguished engineer,
whose knowledge I take, to be quite equal to
that of the Senator from.Kansas—I should cer-
tainly take his opinion as soon as the Sena-
tor's—makes a statement, to which I .ask the
attention of the Senate while I read it:
Office of John A. RofraiaMG, :
•Trenton, New Jeksey, Apni 7, isos.
My Dear Sir : In your note of the 4th you request
me to state some of the facts relating to the practi-
cability of large span railroad bridges. The follow-
ing railway bridges, all on leading lines and doing a
heavy business, are constructed on different plans,
and havo all stood the t^st of time :
ThcNiagara bridge,in this country, with one clear
span of eight hundred and twenty feet.
That is a suspension bridge.
The SteubenviUe bridge, over the Ohio, three hun-
dred and t%venty feet.
That is a truss bridge.
The Biitannia bridge, in England, spans of four
hundred and sixty feet.
That is the tubular bridge.
The Saltash bridge, over the Tamar, England, spans
of four hundred and fifty-live feet.
That is a truss bridge.
The Rhine bridge, at Cuilinburg, in Holland,spans
of five hundred feet.
That is a truss and arch bridge in combina-
tion, and has been in use a number of years.
The Dirshaw bridge, over the "Weiohsel, in Prussia,
three hundied and ninety feet.
The Ilogat bridge, in Prussia, three hundred and
twenty feet.
The Rhine bridge, at Cologne, Prussia, three hun-
dred and twenty teet.
The B hine bridge, at Coblentz, Prussia, three hun-
dred and twenty lee't.
The Rhine bridge, at May once, Prussia, three hun-
dred and thirty-two feet.
I might extend this list, but if this number is not
sufficient to establish "practicability," no number
and no argument will. When I recommended live
hundred feet spans I was fully aware that bridge
builders and railroad'men generally would object,
because the erection of large spans certainly involves
a little more cost and also a little more skill. But
by combining tlio suspension principle with the truss,
as 1 have otlcn recommended, a considerable saving
will bo cft'ected. Spans ot live hundred lcet on lins
plan will not co^t more than ordinary lattice or ti uss
spans of three hundred and titty feet.
For the Cincinnati and Newport bridge 1 would
recommend a tiussed suspension bridge, with a mid-
dle span of seven to eight hundred teet, and two half
spans of threo hundred and fifty to four hundred loet,
as the best and also the cheapest in the end. The
various stories eireulatcd about the Niagara bridge
are all nonsense. That bridge will adunt of ttie
highest practicable speed lor passing: trains, but it
would be madness to permit it over that fearlul
chnsra.
Truly yours, JOHN A. EOEBLING.
Thkodokb Cook, es«.
As I said to the Senator from West Virginia
the other day, if he was only well informed
he would find that he could build his bridge
at five hundred feet span, thus saving one pter-
in the Ohio river, with less expense than his
present span. I put this statement of Mr.
Iloebling, in regard to the existence of these
wide-span bridges, against the round assertions
of the Senator from Kansas and the Senator
from West Virginia that they are mere exper-
iments aud that the thing has never been done.
The testimony is against the Senators.
Mr. POMEROY. Will the Senator tell tne
of one in the United States that is not a sus-
pension bridge V
Mr. MORi'ON. Suppose there are none in
the United States, does that make any differ
enee'/ If these bridges can be built in Eng-
land and Holland and Germany, can they not
be built here? Jf they are built successfully
anywhere, as they have been in numerous
instances, the building of them is not an exper-
iment.
But the Senator from Kansas went on to
show to-day that you could not build a bridge
with five hundred feet span. He said that if
you did, as they were going to do at St. Louis,
it would have a steel arch, and that the expan-
sion of the steel by the heat would elevate the
l bridge in the center, and when a train got ou
] it would break. I was told by the Senatoi from
: Ohio this evening that when the bill was before
' Congress some > ears ago to allow the Steuben-
ville bridge to bo built with a span ot three
! hundred feeta learned Senator, quite as learned
1 as the Senator Horn Kansas, Senator Collaiuei,
: 01 Vermont, a distinguished man, said that an
I individual who would invest his money m a
