1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
and seals, at tlio place, lUy, mid year first above
mentioned.
[l. s.J N. G. TAYLOR,
President of t'nmunftsion.
[L. S.] THOMAS MURPHY,
'l. s.J GEORGE C. SNOW.
l. s.J ALBERT G. BOONE,
Commi«5ioner«.
A. N. BLACKLIDGE, Secretary of Commission.
JOSEPH PAW-NE-NO-PASHE, or White Hair,
his X mark.
Principal Chief.
Gah-he-gah-ton-gah, (chief Clamor's band,)
his X mark.
Black Dog, (chief of Black Dog's band,) his X mark.
JDog Thief, (second chief Big Hill band,) his X mark.
Mon-shon-o-lar-ka, (second chief Young Clamont's
blind,) his X mark.
William Penn, second chief Black Dog's band,)
his X mark.
Big Heart, . his X mark.
Kan-sa-gah-ne, (first councilor to Big Hill band,)
his X mark.
Che-sha-la-sha, (third chief Big IXill'?) his X mark.
Wa-che-wa-lie, (third chief Oiamont's band,)
his X mark.
Major Broke-arm, (third chief Black Dog band,)
his X mark.
Ma-i-ka-ha, (fourth chief Black Dog's band,)
his X mark.
Clar-mont, (chief of Carmont band,) his X mark.
Tan-non-ge-he, (chiet Big Hill band,) ^ his X mark.
Little Beaver, (second chiet White Hair's band,)
his X mark.
No-pa-wala, (first chief Little Osages,) his X mark.
Strike Axe, (second chief Little Osages,) his X mark.
Tallers, Second chief Clannor's band,) his X mark.
Wah-ho-pa-wah-no-sha. this X mark.
Wa-sho-pi-vrat-tanka, (fourth chief Little Osages,)
his X mark.
Wa-ti-sanka, (fourth chiefLittleOsages,) his X mark.
TUes-a-watanga, (third chief To-nan-
sha-hees,) his X mark.
Wy-o-ha-ke, (thirdchief LittleOsages,) his X mark.
Tall Chief, (fourth chief Big HiLT?,) his X mark.
Mo-en-e-fche, his X mark.
Ho-w.t-sa-pa, (Big Chief's band.) his X mark.
Wa-ta-;m-ka, (principal councilor of
Big Chief's band,) , his X mark.
Ke-k.i-ka-honey, (principal councilor
of Black Dogs b'ind,) his X mark.
Black Bird, (Joe's band.)
N<>n-^e-}tu-ka., (Black Dog's band ) his X mark.
Wu-ko-e-wa-^ha, iBig Hill brave,) his X mark.
Sa-pfi-ke-sa, (second councilor to Big
Cumer,) his X mark.
Was-eome-ma-nch, (Clarmont brave,) his X mark.
To-tan-ka-she. (Clarmont brave,) his X mark.
Sa-pa-kora, (Claimont brave,) his X mark.
•Wa-sha-she-wat-iau-ker, (Clarmont
brave,) his X mark.
Mo-sba-o-ker-shan, (Big Hill brave,) his X mark.
Ciie-vva-te, (Little Osages.) v his X mark.
Wa-ho-pa-inka, (Little 0;ages,) his X mark.
Matrhow, (LmleO-aares,) his X mark.
Hind Chiet, (Little Osages,) his X mark.
Wa-ka-le-sha, (Little Osages.) his X mark.
Stiiilka-vva-ti, (Little Osages,) his X mark.
Wa-bho-she, (Little Osages,) his X mark.
Pa-ne-no-pa-sha, (.Little Osages,) t his X mark.
Che-io-pa.h, (piincipal councilor Little
Os.igesj • his X mark.
Hard Rope,(WhiteHair's principal coun-
cilor,) , his X mark.
\Vo-pi-she-w.^y-lap,(Beaver's councilor,)liis X mark.
Kf-no-e-iien-ke, (.second councilor to
White Hair,) . his X mark.
Yfa-la-ho-na  (councilor White Hair's
bund,) his X mark.
Ka-ke-k-wa-ti-anka, (little chief White
Hair's band,) . . his X mark.
Ta-pi-gua-la, (little cliicf White Hair's
band,) his X mark.
Yellow Horse, (Big Hill brave,) his X mark.
Go-she-seer, (brave Big Hill band,) his X maik.
No-son-ta-she, (Big Hill brave,) his X mark.
Ne-ko-con-see, (Big Hill brave,) his X mark.
Wa-pe-sum-see, his X mark.
Ne-ko-leverla, his X mark.
Va-ha-Ktu-she, (third chief Big Hill-0 his x mark.
Joseph Paw-ne-no-pashe's braves.
Or-le-he-non-she, his X mark.
Cho-she mon-nce, his X mark.
ILira-sha-ga-cire, his X mark.
Wa-kon-ta-okee, his X mark.
Wa-shiu-pe-she, his X mark.
Gron-nu-ta-ne-gah, his X mark.
Ha-ifha-nee, his X mark.
jSc-ehar-you-law, his X mark.
P-iW-nee-way-na-tawr his X mark.
Wa-hon-ea-ta-gon-she, bis X mark.
War Eagle, his X mark.
isV-eha-na-shon-tow-ga, his X mark.
Ivn-ke-ga-wa-ta-ghe, his X mark.
Nan-son-do-she, . bis X mark.
Wa-tnon-cha-na-che, his X mark.
Pa-hon-do-gra-he, his X mark.
>S<rikeA? his X mark.
Ka-tum-mo-ne, (White Hair brave,) his X mark.
]\>-she-o-la-ha, (.White lla,ir brave,) his X mark.
Wa-shc-ti-in-gah, (White Hair brave,) his V mark.
Bis Elk, (White Hair brave.) . his X mark.
Ki-ho-ki na-shc-p-she, (Beavers little
chief,) „ , >< mark-
Ka-hc-sa-sta-ka, (little chief Beaver s
bund.) „ . his v- maik.
Yc-ne-ku-ka, (little cinef Beavers
hand.) _ , , , .
Wolfe, (little chiuf Beavor s band,)
Wa-uo-pa-she,
Ne-ko-Ie-bra,
his imuk.
his ,' mark,
his a mark,
his X mark.
Shin-ko-wa-sah, (Beaver's councilor,) his X mark.
Men-ti-ank i, (brave,) > his X mark.
O-pon-to-ga, (third chief Clarmont's
band,) his X mark.
Wa-he-sa-he, (principal councilor old
Lamor,) his X mark.
Iio-ne-ka-she, his X mark.
Night, bis X mark.
Wolfe, (fourth chief Clamore's band,) his X mark.
Kob-ka-she, his X mark.
Wa-sha-tun-ka, his X mark.
Her-la-she, his X mark.
Le-he-pie, his X mark.
Pa-hungra-ha-kie, his X mark.
Ne-ka-gone, his X mark.
Ma-ke-o-ti-ke, his X mark.
Me-lo-tu-mu-ni. (12 o'clock,) his X mark.
O-cunse-wa-skun, his X mark.
No-pa-wa-hre, his X mark.
Ka-la-wa-sho-she, his X mark.
Me-kas-ko-a-la-quah, his X mark.
Kon-sa-ka-a-ree, his X mark.
O-kee-pa-lo, his X mark.
Signed in our presence this 27th day of May, A. D.
1868- ALEXANDER R. BANKS,
Special United Stated Indian Agent.
GEORGE W. YATES,
Captain Seventh United States Cavalry.
J. S. KALLOCH.
M. W. REYNOLDS,
Reporter for Commission.
MOSES NEAL.
CHARLES ROBINSON.
W. P. MURPIIY.
WILLIAM BABCOCK.
The undersigned, interpreters of the said nation,
do hereby certify that the foregoing treaty was read
and interpreted by us to the above named chiefs and
head men of the Osage nation, and that they declared
themselves satisfied therewith, and signed the same
in our presence. ALEXANDER BEYETT,
United States Interpreter.
LEWIS P. CHOUTEAU,
Special Interpreter.
AUGUSTUS CAPTAIRE,
Special Interpreter.
The question was upon adopting tlie resolu-
tions reported from the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Mr. Speaker,
this is one of the most remarkable transactions
that has ever occurred in the whole history of
this Government, one which, in my judgment,
demands the earnest, serious consideration of
this House. It is neither more nor less than
the transfer of eight million acres of land, which
properly belong to the public domain of the
United States, which belong to the landless
millions in all parts of the country, into the
hands of a railroad corporation, to be sub-
jected to their supreme and unlimited control.
It will be my purpose, in the brief time I
shall occupy the attention of the House, to
state, as well as I may, the main facts con-
nected with this proposed speculation. This
most remarkable treaty now before the Senate,
and being pressed upon their attention by the
most remarkable and unjustifiable means, was
made and framed in all its details and in all its
essential features between the high contracting
parties here in the city of Washington long
before it was transmitted by the commission
appointed by the President to the Indian coun-
try ; it was so framed several months before it
was sent to the Indian country by the commis-
sion appointed by the President; in fact, it was
not made by the commission at all, but by the
parties in interest, who design to absorb eight
million acres of land which properly belong to
the public domain of the United States.
This great body of land is located on the
southern line of the State of Kansas, running
two hundred and fifty miles from east to west,
and fifty miles from north to south, imme-
diately on the northern borders of the Indian
territory.
Sir, it is not extravagant to say, looking to
the development of Kansas and Missouri in
view of the valuable franchises conferred upon
the various roads there by the Government,
that this body of land, the best land within the
area of the whole country, is worth at least
at this very moment §12,000,000; $1 50 per
acre. And yet it is proposed by this treaty to
transfer this immense tract of land, comprising
one sixth of the State of Kansas, into the hands
of one man, Mr. William Sturges, of Chicago,
who is in fact ihe Leavenworth. Lawrence, and
Galveston Railroad Company. I will say in
reference to this corporation'that it is a public
enterprise in which the people of that whole sec-
tion of country from Lrke Superior to the Gulf m
of Mexico are immensely and deeply interested.
It is one in which the people of Kansas are
anxious to aid in a proper and reasouublo way.
It is one which I, as a member of this House
and as a citizen, should feel bound to aid by
any proper njeaus in my power.
Sir, as I have said before, this proposition
is a remarkable one; it is an unjustifiable one;
it is one wrong in principle, and one accom-
plished, I believe, by improper means. I have
said at a moderate estimate this great body
of fertile lands is worth at least §12,000,000.
In addition to this, up to this time this rail-
road company has received from the State of
Kansas one hundred and twenty-five thousand
acres of land through the action of the Legis-
lature of that State—worth at least three dollars
an acre—amounting to §37-3.000. It has also
received from the Government five hundred
thousand acres of land along the line of the
road—land worth at least $750,000. It has also
received from the county of Douglas $400,000
in bonds, and from other counties $500,000 in
bonds: making in the aggregate $14,025,000
as the amount of franchises conferred upon
this road if this treaty pending in the Senate
shall receive the sanction of that body. Now,
sir, all this railroad proposes to do is to build
one hundred and fifty miles of road at the rate
of twenty miles per year, which, at a liberal
estimate, can be constructed for $25,000 a
mile, making $3,750,000; leaving an absolute
profit to the company of $10,275,000.
Now, sir, there are many questions affecting
the public prosperity, the rights of individuals,
and the interests of the State 1 have the honor
to represent upon this floor, and also affecting
the interests of the whole country, which
demand mi investigation in connection with
this most remarkable treaty.
Sir, the people of Kansas are anxious to
have an outlet upon the Gulf of Mexico,
in this anxiety I fully share. But, sir, not-
withstanding that, 1 have abundant evidence in
extracts from newspapers aud letters that they
earnestly protest against this treaty ia its pres-
ent obnoxious form. My constituents demand
protection from all systems of land monopoly.
They protest against injustice in all its terms.
They ask, if this land is to be used for the ben-
efit of railroads, that provision be made to
open it to immediate settlement at a stated
price per acre, and that the profits accruing he
used to construct at least eight hundred miles
of different railroads, instead of one hundred
and fifty miles, as provided in this treaty.
They are willing to encourage the Galveston
road to an extent necessary to secure its speedy
construction. But they are not willing the
tyhole substance of the State should be absorbed
and the rights of the masses infringed by
exorbitant and unreasonable demands.
I send to the Clerk's desk, and ask to have
read, the following article from the Lawrence
Tribune, one of the leading journals in my
State.
The Clerk read as follows:
Wc are not very familiar with the new treaty,
except that v.-c learn that eight million acres of the
lit:.--! lands in Kansas have been eoutracted by the
high contracting parties for twenty cents per acre,
on the condition that the Galveston Railroad Com-
pany shall construct only twenty nines of railroad
per year. This is unreasonable and unjust, not par-
ticularly to the Indians, for we Jo not go mucn on
Mr. 'Lo,' but to the hard-working, hoiu-si seltiers
ot Kansas. It is right to encoui.igo mihoads awl
railroad men, but the settlers and alt the people of
Kansas have rights which 'white men are bound to
respect.'
" It is unjust, because Mr. Sturges and his friends
agreed to build this road to the south, lme of tue
State, without any Indian donation, wifhin two years
from the time the franchise was donated to tlieui,
and he and his friends have norifshttorequiressveu
years for what they agreed to accomplish.
"It is unjust to the people, because no limit is
made to the price which the railroad company may
ask for these lands. „ rr . 
"It is unjust to the tax-payersof Kansas,beeaaso
it places it in the power of one man
settlement of at least one tenth of th« btate, except
upon lii.; own terms.  I(1
■' It is unjust to the State, bec«se.these lands aro
sufficient to aeoure the bu.Idios ot the J^ole lin s ot
the road to Galveston, by alargrw
than is given even to Ihs.Unioa Pacific railroad.
