2238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
anticipate such a noise in this Capitol that we
shall be unable to hear the proceedings. I
trust that the Senate, inasmuch as they have
adopted a rule which has worked well, will
have stability enough to stand by the rule.
Mr. MOlvRILL, of Maine. Mr. President,
the Senator from Ohio seems to contemplate a
distinction which it is quite difficult for me to
understand, between those who are invited
here and the people, from which I infer that
this measure is a measure in behalf of what
the honorable Senator supposes to be the peo-
ple as contra-distinguished from those who are
invited here. Now, I rather agree with the
Senator from New Jersey that the regulations
made on the part of the Senate have been such
as would enable the Senate to make that just
discrimination in behalf of that class of the
people of this country who would have a right
in the highest sense to visit this Senate while
this great proceeding is under consideration ;
and if the honorable Senator from Ohio means
that the populace (I use that phrase in 110
offensive sense) immediately surrounding this
Capitol have the right to crowd these halls to
the exclusion of those who may come here
from abroad on invitation, if you please, then
I object to it altogether, for I submit to the
honorable Senator that in no sense whatever
can the attendance upon this court, or this
Senate while it sits to try impeachment, be
considered in a popular sense ; that is to say,
it cannot from the nature of the ease be popu-
larized. The people in a body cannot be in-
vited here, from the nature of the case.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
permit me to offer an amendment to the amend-
ment, that both may receive his attention?
Mr. MORllILL, of Maine. Certainly; with
great pleasure. I should like to ha\e as much
of this subject as I can got to talk about.
[Laughter.]
The PRESIDENTprotempore. Theamend-
ment of the Senator from Kentucky to the
amendment will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr.
Davis, which was to add the following:
And when there may be whits persons present at
the door of the gallery who ennnot obtain scats and
colored persons mayhaveseals inthe gallery,it shall
be ttie duty of the officers to unseat and remove from
the gallery such seated colored persons and assipn
their seats to sueh wjiite persons as may not havo
seats. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I)o I under-
stand that the Senator desires to argue that
proposition ?
Mr. DAVIS. No j I want you to argue it.
[Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will give the
Senator five minutes of my time if he desires
to argue'it.
Mr. DAVIS. I am much obliged to you. It
does not require any argument, unless it be
from the honorable Senator from Maine.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Question I
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does the Sen-
ator from Illinois desire the question? [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr.^ TRUMBULL. I thought the Senator
had given way.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No; I was lis-
tening to see whether the honorable Senator
from Illinois desired to address the Chair.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I supposed the Sena-
tor from Maine, after he had taken his seat,
and an amendment had been offered by the
Senator from Kentucky, had got through with
his speech; but if he is determined to speak
the hoar out, I do not know any way to prevent
him.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not know
any way 011 earth to prevent it. [Laughter.]
1 hope the honorable Senator from Illinois will
see the condition in which he is placed, and
possess his soul in as much patience as is
practicable. [Laughter.] I am opposed to the
passage of this order, and I suppose the hon-
orable Senator fioin Illinois cannot have the
slightest objection in the world to my present-
ing the reasons to the Senate for that opposi-
tion.
I was about proceeding to say that I think
the Senate of the United States have made the
most equitable and reasonable disposition of
the whole subject that the case admitted of. If
the desire is to popularize this affair, the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island [Mr. Anthony] made
a proposition yesterday which comes the near-
est to it of anything that has occurred to me;
audi was greatly surprised that the friends of
that measure, those who exhibited so much
solicitude yesterday to pass that measure,
should have consented to thrust this in ahead of
it this morning.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to askthe Senatora
question. I want to know whether this is the
part of the Senator's speech in which he was
" about proceeding to say," or whether it is
the speech itself? [Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Maine has the floor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not quite
understand the Senator's remark. What 1 was
about to say, Mr. President, when interrupted,
[laughter,] was, that the measure best caleu
lated to popularize this trial was the one intro-
duced by the Senator from Rhode Island yes-
terday.
Mr. CONKLING. With the Senator's per-
mission, I beg to inquire of him whether the
purpose of this eloquent speech which he is
now endeavoring to make is to defeat the prop-
osition of the Senator from Ohio, or to defeat
the proposition which he now refers *to, and
which is behind this—the one offered by the
Senator from Rhode Island—inasmuch as but
live minutes remain. My curiosity on that
point is very active.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Well, I will
satisfy the honorable Senator's curiosity with
the greatest pleasure. My desire is to defeat
this particular proposition, and give the pre-N
eedeuce to the proposition lying so near the
heart of the honorable Senator from New Yoi k ;
and if lie will move to proceed to the consider-
ation of that subject at this time I will give
way with great pleasure for that purpose; or,
if the honorable Senator will second it, 1 will
move that.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will the Senator say that
no one else will oppose that resolution in the
same way that he is opposing this? If so, I
will give way at once.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the honora-
ble Senator asks me whether I spppose any
other Senator will argue that proposition as I
think I am very properly arguing this I beg
to say that 1 cannot answer that. I have no
objection, however, to satisfy the curiosity of
my honorable friend from New York, to satisfy
him that I am entirely sincere in the proposi-
tion he seemed to have such au earnest desire
for yesterday, and to my astonishment to day
yields to have displaced by a proposition which
he might know, I think, would not pass in a
half hour or fifteen minutes time of the Sen-
ate—a proposition which proposes to rescind
the established rule of the Senate which has
provided for order in this body during the trial
of the impcaehinent, against which I have not
heard the slightest complaint.
Mr. SHERMAN. As there is but one minute
left I will ask the Senator from Maine if there
ever was a court of justice in the world or-
ganized under English law which excluded
everybody from getting into the gallery or gave
preference in allowing people to witness the
exhibition? I ask him whether, in this coun-
try, there has been any such ease?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Allow me to
ask the Senator from Ohio a question, whether
there is a country in the world that furnishes
one twentieth part of the room for the public
that we furnish for this court.
Mr. SHERMAN. I say this, that, in my judg-
ment, this is an exceptional case. It was never
done before. We deny people who come a
thousand miles to witness this trial an oppor-
tunity to see this spectacle, and give our tickets
out in such a way that the mass of the people
who come here have no opportunity to witness
the proceedings.
Mr. CONNESS. I beg to correct the Sen-
ator, if the Senator from Maine will allow me.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Maine has the floor.
Mr. CONNESS. I know that; I ask his
permission.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. Inthe Surratttrial—I call
the attention of the Senator from Ohio—such
a regulation had to be adopted. I state that
to the Senate, not being able to_ secure the
attention of the Senator from Ohio. And it
is always so on inauguration days here.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I would state a
fact 
IMPEACHMENT OF THE PRESIDENT.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, all legislative busi-
ness must be suspended.
The President pro tempore thereupon vacated
the chair, and the Senate proceeded to the
trial of the impeachment of President Johnson.
The Senate sitting for the trial of the im-
peachment having adjourned,
The President p>ro tempore resumed the
chair at three o'clock and twenty-five minutes
p. m., when, on motion of Mr. GRIMES, the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Satttiday, April 4, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxtox.
By unanimous consent the reading of the
Journal of yesterday was dispensed with.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the following message
'from the President of the United States:
To the House of Representatives :
I transmit to tho House of Representatives, in fur-
ther answer to their resolution of tho 9th ultimo, the
accompanying report from the Secretary of State.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
"Wasiiixgtox, April 2, 1868.
The SPEAKER. The report relates to the
treaty made with the German States relating
to the rights of naturalized citizens.
The message and the accompanying report
were referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
RESOLUTIONS OF GEORGIA CONVENTION.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House the resolutions of
the constitutional convention of Georgia in
regard to the removal of political disabilities ;
which were referred to the Committee on Re-
construction, and ordered to be printed.
RESOLUTIONS OF NEW ENGLAND CONFERENCE.
The SPEAKER also, by -unanimous consent,
laid before the House resolutions adopted by
the New England annual conference on the
state of the country; which were referred to the
Committee on Reconstruction, and ordered to
be printed.
LIGHTING THE HALL.
Mr. BRO9MALL. I ask uuanimous con-
sent to submit a report, accompanied by a res
olution, from the Committee 011 Accounts,
relative to the means of lighting the Hall of
the House. I do not desire to make the re-
port for the purpose of action at this time;
but as it is an important matter I desire that
the report may be printed and recommitted
and put in such a position by a motion to re-
consider being entered that it can be called up
when there is no pressing business before the
House, and passed or rejected as the House
may see fit.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to know what the
report is?
Mr. BROOMALL. The resolution recom-
mends the adoption of the electric mode of
lighting which is used on the Dome instead of
the mode now in use.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 have no objection to the
j reception of the report.
I The report was received, recommitted to the
