4286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
bridge of three hundred feet span was a fool;
that no such span could be made and stand.
Mr. Collaraer was a man of good sense, but
his ideas were behind the times. Bridge build-
ing has made far greater advances since then
than before. The Senator's argument that
the heat will expand the steel, and, therefore,
the bridge must break, is a good deal like the
argument that was made when it was first
proposed to build iron houses and iron bridges.
A certain learned engineer who wrote himself
down a quadruped in the Scientific American,
published in New York, sent forth an argu-
ment that the expansion of the iron would be
such as to break the front of the house or to
break the bridge, and that no bridge or house
could be constructed of iron on account of its
expansion. We all know how sound the argu-
ment of that engineer was, and I must say that
the argument of the Senator from Kansas is
undoubtedly borrowed from that learned man's
communication.
I was somewhat amused this afternoon by the
argument of the Senator from Kansas that the
navigation of all these rivers will cease. He
says that in a few years there will be no steam-
boats ; there will be no navigation upon any
of these rivers; the railroads running by their
sides will do all the business, and navigation
will be abandoned. Why, Mr. President, that
is information; that is news! I should like to
ask the Senator from New York whether the
Erie canal has been abandoned? With two
or three railroads running across the State of
New York, I ask if that canal is not doing more
business than it has ever done before; if it was
not enlarged some four or five years ago at an
expense of several million dollars, and if it is
not now proposed to enlarge the Erie canal
againatauenormousexpense? Why? Because
the chief freights upon the canal are such that
railroadscaunot compete with it,and the freights
upon the rivers are still cheaper than they are
upon canals. Railroads can never compete with
canalsand canals can never compete with rivers
in regard to some transportation. I read the
affidavit the other day of a coal dealer in Pitts-
burg to show that coal transported by rail to
Cincinnati would cost twenty-one and aquarter
cents a bushel and transported by the river a
cent and a half a bushel; and yet we are told
by the learned Senator from Kansas that the
river navigation is about to be abandoned and
steamboats will soon be a thing of the pastl
Now, Mr. President, I want to submit a
question or two to the Senators and to the Sen-
ate. I want to ask why it is that, with the
exception of a small railroad interest, the uni-
versal wish of all the people in the Ohio river
valley is that five hundred feet shall be the
minimum span over the center of the river. I
do not know of a newspaper from Pittsburg to
Cairo that is not in favor of the five hundred
feet span. If there should happen to be a
paper published at Parkersburg, as I presume
there is, somewhere in the shadow of my
friend's residence overlooking the Ohio river,
it is possible that that newspaper may take his
view of this question. I do not blame the Sen-
ator from West Virginia. He is the president
of a little railroad company that has an old
charter to construct a bridge across the Ohio
river on a narrow span. My friend wants to
get his bridge finished, and if it is to come
down then it must come down at the public
expense; and if a more costly one is to be
built it will be built, perhaps, at the public ex-
pense. I do not, therefore, blame him for his
interest in this question; it is but natural that
he should take it.
But I call the attention of the Senate to the
fact that the universal feeling of the merchants,
manufacturers, business men up and down that
valley, is in favor of five hundred feet as the
minimum span, and I say that Congress ought
to pay some regard to their wishes. I have
furnished the evidence here of some sixty of
the oldest steamboat pilots on that river, the
average experience of each man among them
being twenty years, and their testimony is that
nothing else than a five hundred feet span will
be safe for navigation. I have presented the
testimony of forty-two insurance companies at
Cincinnati, and also the testimony of all the
insurance companies at Pittsburg, that put-
ting these narrow spans on the river of only
three hundred feet, tor the one at Steubenville
is three hundred and twenty, will increase the
rate of insurance. I have presented the testi-
mony of the coal-dealing interest at Pittsburg,
at Pomeroy, and at Wheeling. Why, sir, I
have the testimony of sixty merchants of the
principal town in the State whore the Senator
from West Virginia lives, Wheeling, urging
that Congress shall not allow any less bridge
to be built than five hundred feet span. I have
the testimony here of some three or four hun-
dred of the principal merchants of the city of
Cincinnati, and nearly as many in the city of
Pittsburg, to the same effect. I have the
names and testimony of several hundred steam-
boat men, steamboat captains, steamboat own-
ers, business men of every description ; and
their testimony is uniform that a span of not
less than five hundred feet over the center of
the river is demanded by the interests of com-
merce.
And, sir, what is there on the other side ?
Where is the testimony on the other side? It
is the testimony of the two Senators chiefly
based upon their own statements, my friend
from Kansas arguing upon his scientific knowl-
edge that a live hundred feet span cannot be
put up and sustained, and the other arguing
from his observations upon the Ohio river
from his look-out.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Ifthe Senator pleases,
I should like to remark that I brought the tes-
timony of twenty-five civil engineers who met
a few years ago.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I thought I
disposed of that little piece of testimony the
other day, and 1 did not suppose that anybody
would have the confidence to refer to it again.
The Senator did refer to the statement of some
engineers, I do not know the number, but it
turned out that they were in the interest of a
man by the name of Boomer, in Chicago, a
wealthy man who had organized a company to
build a bridge across the Mississippi river at
St. Louis, and he wanted to build it with a
three hundred feet span, and he laid his plan
before those engineers, and they gave him their
opinion upon it. Captain Eads organized a
company in the city of St. Louis to build a
bridge there, and he proposed one span of five
hundred feet and two others of four hundred
and ninety-seven feet each. The result has
been that Mr. Boomer has abandoned his plan
and repudiated it, and joined Captain Eads's
company to build a bridge with five hundred
feet span. I supposed after that statement it
was unnecessary again to refer to what was
said by those engineers.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The gentleman may
assume that their report was got up by Mr.
Boomer, for aught I know, but Mr. Boomer's
name is not in it or near it. I read from the
report of this board of engineers to whom
plans were submitted for building bridges.
One plan was for one five hundred feet span,
and another for two of three hundred and
eighty-four feet, and they decided that the three
hundred and eighty-four feet span was suffi-
cient.
Mr. ANTHONY, fmove that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. MORTON. I hope not.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will give way for a vote,
but if debate is to go on I think we had better
go into executive session and transact the busi-
ness we must do.
Mr. MORTON. I do not know of any partic-
ular reason for that, or anything to justify it.
This bill has been pending for some time, and
it is a very important bill. I do not want to
take up the time of the Senate a minute un-
necessarily. The Senate have an appreciation
of the character of this bill, and 1 trust they
will dispose of it.
Mr. ANTHONY. We have had a long
debate about this bill every time it has been
before the Senate. Whenever it is taken up
we have the same old speeches over and over
again. If we can have a vote I am willing to
give way ; but if we cannot have a vote I
insist on my motion. The Senate can do as
they choose.
Mr. SUMNER. I have great interest in the
business in executive session; but 1 cannot
forget that this evening was set apart for the
consideration of the bill of the Senator from
Indiana, and I am therefore disposed to pro-
ceed with its consideration so long as there is
a reasonable chance.
Mr. MORTON. I have but a few more
words to say. I simply wish to repeat, and it
is a statement that cannot be contradicted,
that when you go to the cities all along the
line of this river from Cairo up to Pittsburg,
a distance of some twelve hundred miles, you
find the feeling uniform. Steamboat men, flat-
boat men, merchants, pilots, men engaged in
every kind of occupation, are denouncing nar-
row-span bridges, and the whole experience
of the navigation of the river is upon one side
of this question. There are two railroad com-
panies that want to build narrow-span bridges,
because they think they can build them a little
cheaper. There is a bridge company at Cin-
cinnati that is resisted by the whole population
of that city except the men who have got the
stock and want to build a narrow-span bridge.
The people of that city are just as much inter-
ested in railroads as those of any city in the
United States. There is no antagonism to rail-
roads; but they are a unit in sentiment on this
question. There should be no antagonism
between the railroad interest and the navigat-
ing interest. Both can live and both can do
well. But it is the universal sentiment of the
people in the valley of the Ohio that the ex-
istence of these short span bridges will impair
the navigation of the river, and that if they
are increased in number they will finally de-
stroy it. I am speaking for the inhabitants
of the valley of the Ohio.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President 
Mr. ANTHONY. Is not my motion in
order? I made a motion to go into executive
session, and gave way to the Senator from In-
diana.
Mr. TIPTON. Have I the floor?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.. The Sen-
ator from Nebraska is entitled to the floor.
Mr. ANTHONY. I made a motion which
was not put.
Mr. TIPTON. I desire to say a very few
words in regard to this question.
I understand, Mr. President, that unless it
can be proved satisfactorily that the threebun-
dred feet span bridge at Steubenville, Ohio, is
an obstruction to the navigation of the river,
there is no probability that Congress is likely
to establish by law a requirement for a span
of five hundred feet. The Senator from Indi-
ana asks the question very emphatically if it
is practicable to navigate the river with a bridge
in the way with a span of three hundred feet.
He asks why is it that men engaged in com-
merce upon the Ohio demand a span of five
hundred feet. Now, I wish to call his atten-
tion to the fact that in this report the position
is emphatically taken that where there might
be one thousand feet or more in width in the
channel, any pier would be an obstruction to
navigation, though there was one thousand
feet of space. The facts are these in regard to
the navigation of that river; no interest is sup-
posed to be paramount to the interest of the
coal trade; and although no man pretends that
a three hundred feet span has ever interfered
with ordinary navigation, with legitimate busi-
ness, by steamboats, the charge is that the
transportation of coal by means of barges may
be interfered with. But by this report the
position is also made clear and distinct that
if the location of the bridge at Steubenville
had been scientifically made there would have
been no trouble. I read the language of the
report itself:
" Every defoot"—
