12141
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
large amount of cotton was got out from the
rebel territory. I have forgotten' the particu-
lar circumstances, but it was seized by the
naval authorities. The claimants came for-
ward and claimed the cotton. I remember the
name of one of them—a Mr..Mansfield. They
said it was cotton purchased under the author-
ity of a permit. They satisfied the naval offi-
cers of that fact so thoroughly that they gave
xtu^? an<l was put upon the bank of
the Mississippi river in the hands and posses-
sion of the claimants themselves. After that
some negroes went to General Canby and re-
ported that as rebel cotton, and General Canby
again seized it and it was sent to New Orleans
and the matter was brought before .the courts.
A claim "vvas made in the courts for this cotton,
and I have before me the, papers giving an.
account,of the case, It came up while X was
Secretary of the Treasury. The Treasury
Department employed counsel, although I
believe the .principal .counsel was the United
States district attorney. The counsel for the
Government took the ground very decidedly
that the courts had no jurisdiction; that the
property having been seized, captured in that
way by General Canby, no court could take
jurisdiction; that it must be sold by the agents
of the Treasury Department, and the proceeds
paid into the Treasury. The court overruled
the point arid took jurisdiction. Then letters
were addressed to me, as Secretary of the
Treasury, by the supervising agent down there,
stating the tacts, and that he had examined-the
testimony. I believe.that gentleman is as hon-
esty man as was ever employed by the Gov-
ernment. I refer to Mr. Flandeys, a man of
perfectly good reputation, so far as I know.
The_ Treasury agent acquainted the Secre-
tary with the proceedings and requested spe-
cific instructions, stating that General Canby
would probably support him by the military
power against the decision and proccss of tie
court, but deprecated a conflict between the
branches of the Government. Before the Sec-
retary had replied the claimants of the cotton
appealed to him by petition for the release of
the property, supported by proofs of their legal
ownership, and that the same had never been
the property of the confederate government.
Upon examination of the papers the Secretary
refused to order a release of the cotton; and
on the 28th of September, 1804, instructed the
agent that he had so refused; ihat he was not
willing to decide whether the property was
captured or not, or whether it should be re-
garded and proceeded against as confiscable
on account of the character of those heretofore
owning it, or as forfeitable for violation of one
of the laws concerning commercial intercourse
between the loyal and insurrectionary States.
He was, therefore, directed to report the case
to the United States district attorney for such
action as he should think proper with regard
to the legal proceedings instituted for the pur-
pose of determining the questions of law and
fact arising in the case, submitting to compe-
tent judicial authority having jurisdiction over
the subject-matter, and taking care that, so far
as he is concerned, the interests of the Govern-
ment are protected.
On the od of November following the agent
wrote the Secretary, submitting copies of cor-
spondence, by which it appears that on re-
ceipt of the Secretary's instructions he wrote
the district attorney, inclosing a copy of the
same, with the evidence which had been fur-
nished by General Canby, and requesting his
action thereon as indicated by the Secretary.
He also wrote General Canby, informing him
of the Secretary7 s instructions, and that he had
accordingly placed the matter in the hands of
the district attorney. # .
On October 19, 1864, the district attorney
wrote the agent that he was unable to take
proceedings against the cotton for want of sut-
iicient testimony to make out a case of forfeit-
ure. That he had examined the papers fur-
nished by General Canby, bat could find no
evidence therein to justify the filing of a libel.
The agent .then sent a copy of this letter to
General Canby, and requested that he would
furnish any further evidence of which he might
be in possession.
The general accordingly sent the district
attorney copies of telegrams which had been
captured from the rebels; but upon an examin-
ation of all the proof extant the district at-
torney and Mr. Horner, Mr. Flanders' coun-
sel, united in a letter to. him on October 24, in
which they stated that, having carefully ex-
amined the, documents and papers connected
with the eases, they are of the opinion that if
the parties will relieve the United States, its
officers, and agents from all responsibility for
their acts in seizing and detaining the cotton
and pay all costs and give the bonds the form
of which is prescribed by the Treasury Depart-
ment, the agent will be justified in delivering
the cotton in question to the claimants.
Mr. Flanders then states that, regarding the
Secretary's letter as instructing him to be
guided by the opinion of the district attorney,
he has acted according to his opinion as ex-
pressed in his letters of October 19 and Octo-
ber 28; the claimauts having given the re-
quired bonds, &c., he has released the cotton
to them severally in proportion to the amount
claimed by each. This action of the agent was
approved by the Secretary November 14,1804.
There is a specimen. Would my honorable
friends contend that it would be the duty of
the Secretary of the Treasury to fight that out
under all circumstances when his own agents
and his own officers and counsel said that there
was no case—no evidence that it was anybody's
cotton but that of the claimants who had taken
it and bought it under a permit, and who, when
it had been once seized by the naval authori-
ties, satisfied them of the'facts and induced
them to release it, and which having been sub-
sequently seized by General Canby, he could not
furnish any testimony to justify the seizure ?
That is only one of a class of cases upon which
the Secretary of the Treasury undertook to act
under this law, and I cite it as but one.
But my friend, the Senator from Illinois,
goes still further, and, to my very great surprise,
endeavors to make out a case upon the statute
of 1864. About that statute it may be well to
say something. The argument of iny friend
from Illinois is based on the third section of
that act, which I will read;
"That all,moneys arising from the leasing of
abandoned lands, houses, and tenements, or from
sales of captured and abandoned property collected
and sold in pursuance of said act or of this act, or
from fees collected under the rules and regulations
made by the Secretary of the Treasury andapproved
by the President, dated respectively the 28th day of
August, 1862, thoSlst day of March and the 11th day
of September, 1863, or under any amendments or
modifications thereof, which have been or shall be
made by the Secretary of theTreasury and approved
by the President, for conducting the commercial in-
tercourse which has been or shall be licensed and
permitted by the President with and in States de-
clared in insurrection shall, after satisfying there-
from all proper and necessary expenses, to be ap-
proved by the Secretary of theTreasury, be paid into
theTreasury of the United States; and all accounts
of moneys received or expended in connection there-
with shall be audited by the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury. That the first" section of the
act to provide for the collection of abandoned prop-
erty and for the prevention of fraud in insurrection-
ary districts in the United States, approved March
12,1863, is hereby extended so as to include the de-
scriptions of property mentioned in an act entitled
'An act further to providefor the collection of duties
on imports, and for other purposes,' approved July
13, 1863. and an act entitled 'An act to suppress in-
surrection, to punish treason and rebellion, to seize
and confiscate the property of rebels, and for other
purposes,' approved July 17,1862, respectively: and
that thesales provided forin said actfirst mentioned
may be made at such place as may be designated by
the Secretary of the Treasury."
Now, if you turn back to that act you find—
what?
The act of July 17, 1862, to suppress insur-
rection, &c., designates a list of persons whose
property may be seized. There are six classes
of them, principally officers of high rank in the
rebel service or under the rebel government.
Then section six provides:
"That if any person within any State or Territory
of the United States, other than those named as
aforesaid, afte the passage of this act, being engaged
in armed rebellion against the Government of the
United States or aiding or abetting such rebellion,
shall not, within sixty days after public warning and
proclamation duly given and ma.de by the President
of the United States, cease to aid, countenance, and
abet such rebellion, and return to his allegiance to
the United States, all the estate and property, mon-
eys, stocks, and credits of such person shall bo liable
to seizure as aforesaid, and it shall be the duty of the
President to seize and use them as aforesaid or the
proceeds thereof."
What is the argument of the honorable Sen-
ator? That by tlie aft of 1864, a portion of
which I have just read, it is the duty of the
agents of the Treasury Department to take
possession of the class of property named in
this act of July 17, 1862. The act of July 17,
1862, provides how property; taken under its
provisions shall be dealt with. It shall be
dealt with by legal process; a libel may be
filed against it in court, and the seventh sec-
tion provides the mode of tondemnation. It
is to be proceeded against after the manner of
proceedings'^^ rem in admiralty cases. It is
not to be disposed of without due adjudication;
and the act provides the mode in which adju-
dication may be held on all such property.
And yet the honorable Senator argties that un-
der the act of 1864 the Treasury agents are to
take it without any adjudication, to hunt it up,
take the property, sell it, and put the proceeds
into the Treasury. Onee there, they cannot
be got back again. There is no adjudication,
because these persons can never prove their
loyalty. Therefore, the Senator must argue
necessarily, though he does not expressly,
that all those parts of the act of 1862 which
provide for an adjudication and mode of set-
tling the question are repealed, and that the
property is merely to be seized by the Treasury
agents. That was not the construction the
Treasury upon it. The construction of the
Treasury was simply that where any property
of that description came within their posses-
sion, where they had taken possession of it,
or it was brought to them or came in their
way, to take it—for it not only covers this but
another act, to which I have not yet alluded,
but will in a moment—that they must take
posssesion of it; they would not refuse to do
that; but their duty was at once to proceed
against it or have it proceeded against accord-
ing to the act of 1862, which had made pro-
vision for the manner of adjudicating upon it.
The consequence was that a rule was made by
which, when any property of that description
under that act came into the possession of the
Treasury agents, they turned it over to the
marshal of the proper district, to be proceeded
against in court. H
They did not undertake to sell it. They did
not consider the act of 1864 as repealing the
act of 1862 in regard to the mode of adjudica-
tion. They did not consider that they had a
right to take it wherever they could find any
property they could lay their hands on upon
the ground that they considered the owner a
rebel, at once put it up at auction, and sell it
and put the proceeds into the Treasury, and
then send the owner before the Court of Claims.
They held simply that, the act of 1S62 having
provided for the seizure of the property and
for a certain mode of proceeding in regard to
it, and the subsequent act having made it the
duty of the Treasury agents to receive such prop-
erty, the effect was simply to impose the duty of
receiving it upon them, to be proceeded against
according to the act of 1862 when taken. To
strengthen that view I may refer to another act
which was passed in reference to commercial
intercourse, where property was seized for ad-
judication for a breach of the commercial in-
tercourse regulations between the loyal States
and the States in insurrection. What is that
provision? The provision is that it shall be
libeled, in court the same as property seized
for a violation of the revenue laws. The Treas-
ury agent could just as well take it here, set-
ting aside all the laws in regard to proceed-
ings against property seized for a violation of
the revenue laws, sell it, and put it into the
Treasury. That was not the object of the pre-
