1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2239
Committee on Accounts, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BROOMALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was recommitted.
The motion was entered and passed over
for the present.
emmor ware.
Mr. HUNTER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1000) for the re-
lief of Emmor Ware, of the State of Indiana;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
order of business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to have an understanding that when bills and
other matters are introduced and referred by
unanimous consent pending the impeachment
trial they shall not be brought back by mo-
tions to reconsider, and I suggest that that
understanding shall relate to everything in-
troduced to-day except the report of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Broomall.]
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
it will be ordered that during the pendency of
the impeachment trial all bills, &c., which may
be introduced and referred shall be considered
as reconsidered and laid on the table, with the
exception of the resolution reported by the gen:
tlemanfrom Pennsylvania, [Mr. Broomall],
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
leave of absence.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Pile
for ten days, and to Messrs. Knott and Burr
indefinitely.
"withdrawal of paters.
On motion of Mr. TAN HORN, of New
York, by unanimous consent, leave was granted
for the withdrawal from the files of the House
of the papers in the case of ErastusSpalding,
copies being left.
impeachment of the president.
The SPEAKER. The hour of twelve o'clock
having arrived, the House resolves itself into
the Committee of the Whole, according to
order, to proceed to the bar of the Senate,
following the managers and preceded by the
chairman of the Committee of the Whole, who
will be attended by the Clerk and acting Door-
keeper.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole, in obedience to
the order, and proceeded to the bar of the
Senate.
At three o'clock and thirty minutes p. m. the
Committee of the Whole returned to the Hall,
and the Speaker having resumed the chair,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, made the
following report: The Committee of the Whole
have, according to order, attended the managers
to the bar of the Senate, sitting as a court of
impeachment for the trial of Andrew Johnson ;
progress has been made in the trial, and the
Senate, sitting as a court of impeachment,
has adjourned until Thursday next at twelve
o'clock m.
The SPEAKER. The report will be entered
on the Journal.
order of business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to make a suggestion to the House. In view
of the fact of the adjournment of the Senate,
sitting as a court of impeachment, until Thurs-
day next, and of the further tact of the absence
of a great number of gentlemen, who have left
the city with the understanding that no busi-
ness would be done, my suggestion is that it
shall be the general understanding that no
business shall be transacted in the House until
Thursday next.
The SPEAKER. That would be business
of a most important character, because it
would bind all those who are absent now with
the understanding that no business should be
transacted to-day.
Mi-. ELDRIDGE. I move that when the
House adjourns it adjourn to meet on Wednes-
day next.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We may
as well adjourn over, as, owing to the under-
standing that no business would be done, there
is hardly a quorum of members in the city.
The SPEAKER. It will require a quorum
to adjourn for more than one day, if the point
is made.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to make a state-
ment if there is no objection.
Mr. SCOPIELD. is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I have made the motion
to adjourn over with no disposition to interfere
with any business, but for the reason that I
thought there would then be one day's session of
the House previous to the meeting of the Senate
for the trial, and if the managers should have
anything to submit to the House they would
be able to submit it on that day, so that they
would be prepared to meet the court at its
next sitting. I know that many gentlemen on
both sides of the House have left the city with
the understanding that no business of a legis-
lative nature was to be done.
Mr. GARFIELD. I would like to inquire of
the Speaker whether, in his judgment, there
is a quorum in the city or would be by Monday,
so that the House could proceed to transact
business on that day?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the
opinion that there is no quorum at the present
time in the city in consequence of the under-
standing that there should be no business of a
legislative character transacted unless the
House should be notified of it previous to
going over to the Senate. But as to whether
there would be a quorum here on Monday, ifit
should .be understood that the House would
resume business on that day, the Chair cannot
tell. A great numberof members have gone
home.
Mr. BLAINE. I call for a division on the
motion of the gentleman from Wisconsin.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I give notice now that you
shall not transact business without a quorum.
The House divided on Mr. Eldridge's mo-
tion ; and there were So in the affirmative and
1 in the negative—no quorum voting.
Mr. PIKE. I think it would be very well
for the House to come here on Monday and
see how many members there are present; and
then, if there be not a quorum present, we can
adjourn until Thursday.
Mr. SCOFIELD. 1 call for the enforcement
of the rule. A motion to adjourn is not de-
batable.
Mr. COVODE. Would it not be in order
and proper to have a call of the House ?
The SPEAKER. It would not. The Chair
does not believe that under the order of the
House a motion for a call of the House would
be in order, because the understanding was
that, without previous notice by the Speaker,
no business should be done after the returnof
the House every day to its Chamber, and if a
call were made it should be a call of members
for legislative business, and the Chair thinks
that would not be in good faith.
Mr. BLAINE. I beg to make one remark.
Mr. SCOFIELD. 1 demand the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. No debate, is in order.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio, (at three o'clock
and thirty-five minutes p. m.) I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The question was taken, and the House re-
fused to adjourn.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to make a sugges-
tion, if gentlemen will allow me. It is quite
evident to every gentleman—I do not speak of
it at all because I have any interest, for I ex-
pect to leave the city—that there _ are a good
many members in the city who desire to make
speeches.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to a point of order.
Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. There is no proposition
before the House. The Chair supposed that
the gentleman from Maine was about to sub-
mit a proposition.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I appeal
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Scofield] to withdraw his point of order. I
presume we can come to some understanding
that will be satisfactory all around. I appeal
to the gentleman to withdraw his objection.
Mr. SCOFIELD. There is nothing before
the House.
Mr. BLAINE. I wish to make a sugges-
tion.
Mr. PIKE. Let us come here on Monday
and see if we can transact business.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to say a word
or two.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I withdraw my point of
order in favor of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Garfield.]
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman is very civil.
He took me o£f the floor.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Well, I withdraw it in
favor of everybody.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will yield thefloorto the
gentleman from Maine in a moment. I desire
to say that if there was likely to be a quorum
here on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday, itis
very important that we should make some prog-
ress in the call of committees. The Committee
on Military Affairs, which has some important
measures to present, has not been called for
more than two months; and, if I supposed we
could get a quorum here on these days, I should
be very glad to have the House in session for
business. That was the reason why I asked
the Speaker what the probability was of having
a quorum on Monday; but, as the Speaker says
it is manifest there is not a quorum in thecity,
1 am quite willing to give way and hear the
suggestion of the gentleman from Maine.
Mr. BLAINE. The suggestion which I
desired to make was, that for the three days t
intervening between now and Thursday noth-
ing shall be in order except debate in the
House, if such an understanding be in order
under the ruling of the Chair. We might use
these three days as Saturdays have been used.
As soon as the impeachment trial ends the
business of the House will be resumed with
such vigor and the committees will be so press-
ing with their measures that the season for
debate on the part of members will be nar-
rowed down to the closest possible limits. It
seems to me a fair thing that, by unanimous
consent, these three days be allowed to any
gentleman who might desire to come here for
the purpose of making'speeches.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I cannot see why the
gentleman should object to adjourning over or
make this suggestion when he has stated to the
House that he intends to leave the city.
Mr. BLAINE. I said that to show that I
was not selfish in making the suggestion and
had no purpose to take advantage of it to make
a speech myself.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I have not seen one man
yet who wants to make a speech.
Mr. BLAINE. Having been allowed to
make this explanation, I will withdraw the call
for a division on the motion to adjourn over.
Mr. ROSS. I would inquire why debate
cannot go on in the House during the progress
of the impeachment, the same as we have it on
Saturdays?
The SPEAKER. Because the House has
ordered otherwise by resolving that the House
will accompany the managers to the bar of the
Senate. That resolution would have to be
rescinded when there is a quorum present.
The Chair will state, in answer to the gentle-
man from Maine, that the Chair is at the pres-
ent time informed of but three gentlemen who
desire to speak in the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BLAINE. I have stated that having
been allowed to make the explanation I with-
draw the call for a division.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would like to inquire it-
there is any constitutional objection to any
member going to his room and making his
speech there if he wants to?
The SPEAKER. There is not.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Then that will answer
iupt, as well as if we came here.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
