1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
12W
vlous act nor of that act, because both of thein
provide for an adjudication; and the act of
1864, when it provided ihat .the Treasury
agents might take a species of property under
it, did not take away the right or the propri-
ety of their sending it to the courts,for adjudi-
cation ; and none of that kind of property ever
was, to my knowledge, and I .do not believe it
ever was, decided upon by any Secretary of
the Treasury. They simply sent it to the courts.
So I think that that point which the honorable
Senator made, and made with a great deal of
force apparently, as if he believed in it—and
I dare say he did at the time, and probably
does now—is entirely untenable. Then after
that came another act to which I wish to call
your special attention, the act of 1864. Gentle-
men say this money must all go into the Treas-
ury post haste, every bit of it, under all cir-
cumstances, and it must go immediately, right
or wrong. The act of 1864 made a new and
special provision, and that was for the pur-
chase of cotton. It repealed all former acts
in point of fact, and provided substantially
that nobody should be a purchaser of cotton
in the rebel States but the United States Gov-
ernment. You will find this provision in sec-
tion eight of the act of 1864 :
" That it shall be lawful for the Secretary of the
Treasury, with the approval of the President, to
authorize agents to purchase for the United States
any products of States declared in insurrection, at
such places therein as shall be designated by him, at
such priccs as shall be agreed on with the seller, not
exceeding the market value thereof at the place of
delivery, nor exceeding three fourths of the market
value thereot in the city of New York at the latest
quotations known to the agent purchasing: Provided,
That no part of the purchase money for any products
so purchased shall be paid, or agreed to be paid, out
of any other fund than that arising from property
sold as captured or abandoned, or purchased and
sold under the provisions of this act."
Now, I wish to ask my honorable friends from
Illinois and Wisconsin whether they consider
that this section makes an appropriation ? Does
it appropriate so much money out of the Treas-
ury which would authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to take it out? There is a proviso
"that no part of the purchase money for any
products so purchased shall be paid or agreed
to be paid out of any other fund than that aris-
ing from property sold as captured or aban-
doned." What was necessary to be done?
The first thing I had to do after I went into
the Department was to provide regulations un-
der this act for the purchase of cotton through
all those States. Agents must be appointed
to go and purchase cotton at a certain fixed
price and deal with it in a certain way. I was
obliged to make regulations for that purpose.
If they were to purchase cotton they must have
money; they must have something to do it
with; they could not purchase it without; they
had to make advances and to make agree-
ments. " I will take so much cotton and I will
pay you so much." The agents must be put
in possession of the money to accomplish the
purpose. Where was the money to come from ?
That act was drawn up by my predecessor, and
I infer that he knew at that time that the fund
arising from the sale of captured and_ aban-
doned property was not technically in the
Treasury, and that his object was_ to devote
that fund to the purpose of purchasingcotton.
Part of it, undoubtedly, had beeri'pifid'into the
Treasury; hat a part had not been; and here
was a provision of law which made it impera-
tive upon the Treasury Department to enter
into the business of purchasing cotton, specific-
ally pointed out the fund they should use for
that purpose.
Now, unless you say that the eighth section
makes an appropriation of so much money,
which would authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to take it out of the Treasury, how
was he to pay for the cotton ? If once in, he
had nothing to do with it; he could not get at
the fund in any shape whatever.^ It so hap-
pened that I was not as familiar with the mode
of doing business in the Treasury then as I am
now, and I am none too familiar now. I went
in there perfectly green as to the course of its
ordinary business transactions. I found this
law ; I found that I was required to purchase
cotton, and I was authorized to use money for
that purpose; and I was told where I was to
get that money from, and I found that money
there, not in the Treasury technically. What
was I to do ? I just laid my hand on a certain
amount of it, and put it into the hands of the
agents, properly guarded of course. I do not
think I ever, did a thing in my life with so
much care, such anxious, particular care to
guard every avenue t,o fraud or mistake; and
1 am glad to say that none took place in that
branch of the business. It was eminently suc-
cessful as long as it lasted. I sent $1,000,000
to New Orleans, and it was used in the pur-
chase of cotton. I sent $500,000 to another
point—Natchez, I think—and it was used in
purchasing cotton ; and the United States de-
rived great benefit from this. They made some
millions out of the business of purchasing cot-
ton at twenty-five per cent, discount from the
prices in New York. The sales were success-
ful, and no losses occurred in that part of the
business. So much money was saved to the
Treasury.
Do honorable Senators say that this fund
should not have been touched; that I should
have paid it into the Treasury, where I could
not get it? I did not know at that time
exactly how it was situated, I confess ; I had
not looked into it; but I found the money there,
and 1 found that I could use it, and I took it
because the law told me, as I thought, to take
it out of that fund, and I did not go to work
to have it covered into the Treasury beforehand
and then raise the question as to whether I
could get it out, as was the question about the
lion of whom we have heard. [Laughter.]
I have explained these things to gentlemen
that they may see that, after, all, it is one thing
to have these matters to do, and to have them
carefully to do yourself, and have the respon-
sibility upon you, and to get up-here in the
Senate, and, without a thorough examination
of all the laws, and without inquiring as to
what has been done, to find fault because some-
thing has not been done, and to denounce
those who have the administration of the laws
under such circumstances for not doing, per-
haps, what they could not do.
Now, sir, I have explained at greater length,
perhaps, than is necessary what these laws are
and what duties they imposed, and the con-
struction the several Secretaries of the Treas-
ury put upon them with reference to their own
action. The fact is that the question did not
assume very great importance until the large
amount of the proceeds of the Savannah cot-
ton came to be considered, and that was only
delayed for the purpose of getting an opinion
as to whether it could properly be adjudicated
upon in any other way. That was not done by
me, and therefore I cannot answer specifically
with regard to it.
Then we have as a justification—I really
plead it as something for myself and the con-
struction which I put on these laws and the
action I had upon them—that my distinguished
predecessor in the Treasury put the same con-
struction upon them ; that the Solicitor of the
Treasury put that construction upon them; that
that construction met my own best judgment
as to what the laws really meant, and the At-
torney General has repeatedly decided that
that construction was the correct one; and
when all these things have taken place, I
really think that my friend from Wisconsin
speaks with a little too much confidence when
he says it is plain, that there is no doubt about
it, that all this money ought to have gone at
once into the Treasury. He will pardon some-
thing to a difference of opinion upon that
subject. My friend knows that I have very
great respect for his opinions on any question,
whether it is of law or of fact.
I have before me a memorandum of some
of the cases that my friend from Wisconsin
alluded to with regard to the release of cotton.
I did understand every one of them two or
three weeks ago and trusted to my memory. I
allude to the cases which were referred to by
my friend on the authority of the witness that
he spoke of, as being unjustified. I have exam-
ined them all, and I find that that witness of
his was wrong in every instance. There was
not a single instance in which the person was
correct. I think every case referred to was
decided by myself, and in every one that indi-
vidual was entirely wrong. There was .not one
about which there was the least question. I
have before me a list of the cases decided by
myself when in the Department, and I exam-
ined them all to see precisely how they stood.
Here, for instance, is the case of Temple Clark,
an Illinois man, a man who had been an offi-
cer in our Army and was badly wounded. He
came here, and got out a permit to get out
some cotton.
Mr. HOWE. I did not refer to that case.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know that, but I refer
to it as one of the cases I decided, as an illus-
tration of what I have been saying. In this
case twenty-four bales and thirty-one bales were
seized by the military as captured, as those
gentlemen called it, because it had been pur-
chased without a permit. Proper authority,
however, was shown, and I directed the cotton
to be released. Temple Clark was one of our
own officers, who had boon badly wounded,
Ho came to this city, being poor, and got a
permit to go down South and get out some
cotton. lie got this cotton, and it was seized
by the military and taken from him, on the
ground that he had no permit. He brought
before (lie Secretary of the Treasury the per-
mit, and the testimony of officers showing that
he had had it. Under these circumstances I
ordered the cotton to be delivered to him.
How could I do otherwise? Must I have had
that property sold and tlie poor fellow sent to
the Court of Claims when he purchased it on
our authority?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It all depends on the law.
Mr. EESSENDBN. Undoubtedly it depends
on the law, and I am putting it under the law.
Does the law cover, was it intended to cover,
a case of that description ? Does it necessarily
in its language cover such cases when it says
that all captured and abandoned property shall
be sold and the proceeds paid into the Treas-
ury, this being neither captured nor abandoned,
as the proof shows, and as it shows in many
other cases?
I will cite one case more of those which were
alluded to by my friend from Wisconsin, and
that is a case of eighty-three bales of cotton
taken by the military authorities where the
witness represented that the person to whom
they were delivered was a person who had fol-
lowed tlie rebel army. What were the facts?
In the first place, she was the wife of a per-
fectly loyal man, who died a short tune ago.
She had a plantation by the river. When the
rebels came there they ordered her back from
the river, would not allow her to stay. She
went back into the country to another planta-
tion. Before she went she hid her cotton, and,
as she thought, all of itKto prevent its being
seized or being burned. After the rebels were
gone she went back again and hunted up a few
bales of cotton. Most of it, however, was
gone, but she found eighty-three bales, and
after she found them they were taken posses-
sion of by the commander at New Providence—
I think that is the name of the place—to help
him construct a breastwork for his fortifica-
tions. The property was borrowed, not seized
as captured or abandoned, but taken from the
necessity of the case, and after that post was
abandoned the commander put it on board a
vessel to be sent down somewhere to be sold.
The owner eame forward and proved that it
was her cotton and had been used by the Gov-
ernment, and that she was a perfectly loyal
person. There was a case where the property
was neither captured nor abandoned; it was
in the owner's possession when it was taken,
not taken adversely, but taken, from the ne-
cessity of the case, for the Government, and
