2240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
the gentleman from Wisconsin will now renew
his motion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I renew the motion, that
when the House adjourns it adjourn to meet
on Wednesday fiext.
The question was taken, and the motion Was
agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. WASHBURNE,
of Illinois, (at three o'clock and forty minutes
p. m,,) the House adjourned until Wednesday
next.
petitions.
The following petitions &e., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. RAUM: The petition of Captain
David Slinger, company IS, thirteenth regiment
lllihois cavalry volunteers, for payment of
claim tor forage for horses of his company.
Also, the petition of Captain Samuel A.
Hogtie, company H, thirteenth regiment Illinois
cavalry volunteers, for payment of claim for
fofage for horses of his company.
Also, the petition of Rev. David 8. Colgin,
bf Daviess county, Kentucky, for payment for
damages done his homestead by the Union
Army.
IN SENATE.
Monday, April 6, 1808.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Grat, D. D.
The legislative Journal of Saturday last was
read and approved.
executive communication'.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter from the Secretary of the
> Interior, communicatingareportfrointheCom-
missioner of I ndian Affairs, relative to the wants
and necessities of the Chippewa Indians of
Lake Superior; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
resolution of the Legislature of the State of
Minnesota, approving the action of Congress
in relation to the impeachment of Andrew
Johnson; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a resolution of the
Legislature of the State of Minnesota, relative
to the Fort Ridgely military reservation in Min-
nesota ; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
latuie of the State of Minnesota, relative to
the improvement of the Wisconsin and Fox
rivers; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of the State of Minnesota, for a grant
of land to aid in the construction of the uhat-
field branch railroad; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of the State of Minnesota, praying for
additional appropriations for the survey and
improvement of the Mississippi river above
Rock Island, and of the Minnesota river;
which-was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. GRIMES presented a petition of the
Independence school district of Burlington,
Iowa, and Burlington University, praying that
certain land reserved for public burial pur-
poses may be granted to the Independence
school district of Burlington ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a petition of
officers of the Navy attached to the navy-yard
at Mare Island, California, praying an increase
of their compensation ; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WILLEY presented a petition of Fannie
Filiy, praying to be allowed a pension ; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. COLE presented a resolution of the
Board of Trustees of Santa Barbara, Califor-
nia, praying the passage of an act confirming
the distribution of the lands confirmed to that
town to the grantees of the corporation; which
was referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of the State of California, in favor of
aid to the San Diego and Gila Southern At-
lantic and Pacific Railroad Company in the
completion of its road from the port of San
Diego to the Gila river ; which was referred to
the Committee ou Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of the Stale of California, in favor of
aid to the Southern Pacific railroad; which
was referred to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a lesolution of the Legis-
lature of the State of California, in favor of a
grant, of land to aid in the construction of
a wagon-road from Ilideville, in Humboldt
county, to the southern boundary line of that
county, and a wagon-road from Areata to
Weavervillc, in that State; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of the State of California, in favor of
an appropriation for the erection of a light-
house at Trinidad, in Klamath county ; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented a petition of
citizens of Oregon, and of Washington and
Montana Territories, praying for an appropria-
tion to construct a wagon-road from Horse
Plains to Cabinet Landing, in Montana Terri-
tory; which was referred to the Committee on
Territories.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer a petition from Isaac
F. Holton, of Massachusetts, in which he sets
forth that more than a year ago the law of the
United States changed the postal weights from
avoirdupois ounces to grammes. I-Ic says that
this law, according to his knowledge, has been
utterly ignored by the Post OHice Department.
He asks that Congress take some action on
the subject. I move the reference of tlie
petition to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON presented resolutions of the
Georgia constitutional convention, recommend-
ing the removal of political disabilities from
certain citizens ; which were referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
reports 01' committees.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, to whom was re-
committed the bill (H. R. No. G58) making
appropriations for the support of the A rmy for
the year ending June 30, 18G9, and for other
purposes, reported it with an amendment.
bills introduced.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 408)
to provide for the completion of the branch
mint at Carson City, Nevada; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 46'J) confirming the title to a tract of
land in Burlington, Iowa; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 470) to remove the political disabilities
resting upon certain citizens of Georgia; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 471) to indemnify Abial Morrison for
property destroyed by hostile Indians in Wash-
ington Territory in the years 1855 and 1850;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
fc® the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask that the paperS- of
this claimant, be withdrawn from the files and
also referred with the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Has there
been an adverse report?
Mr. WILLIAMS. No adverse report. The
bill passed the House at the last session, and
was lost in the Senate for want of time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
will be entered.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 472) supplementary to an act entitled "An
act to allow the United States to prosecute
appeals and writs of error without giving se-
curity ;" which was read twice by its title.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move tliat the bill bg
printed and go upon the Calendar. It comes
from the Judiciary Committee, butjias never
been formally referred to the committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be entered, no objection being made.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 132) authorizing the Sec-
retary of War to furnish supplies to an ex-
ploring expedition ; which was read twice by
its title.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As the resolution is
short, I ask that it be read.
The Secretary read the joint resolution, as
follows:
Resolved, dc.. That the Secretary of Wnr be, and
he is hereby, authorized and empowered to issue such
commissary and quartermaster stores to the expedi-
tion engaged in the exploration of the river Colo-
rado under direction of Piofessor Powell as may be
necessary to enable the expedition to prosecute its
work.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to ask the
consideration of the Senate to that resolution
at this time, if there is no objection. I will
explain it in a moi&ent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That can
only be done under the rules by unanimous
consent. Is there any objection?
Mr. CONNESS. What is it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state in one mo-
ment, and then, if there is any objection, let
it go to a committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am inclined to object,
as I desire to call up a resolution and have it
disposed of.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me state what it is.
It will not occupy more than two or three min-
utes. I will state that Professor Powell is en-
gaged in the exploration of the Colorado river
of the West. He was there last year.
Mr. GRIMES. Under whose authority ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The authority of the
State of Illinois.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the matter
ought to go over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator has not
heard my statement. If, after hearing it, he
has any objection lwill allow the resolution to
be referred.
The State of Illinois made an appropriation
for this purpose, and Professor Powell, under
the auspices of the State—he is connected with
the Normal University of that State—was en-
gaged last year in this service. The Govern-
ment last year furnished him with a guard for
protection, and, I think, furnished him supplies
from the commissary department., which he paid
the Government price for. He is going out again
tins year. The Government of the United States
are very much interested in this exploration.
I he Secretary of War has been consulted in
regardto it, and th<s resolution meets his ap-
piobation ; but, as the law now is, he would not
feel at liberty to furnish these supplies. That
is all there is of it.
Mr. CONNESS.
gratis ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, they will be if the
resolution is passed.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to inquire 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first
question is to ascertain whether there is any
objection to the present consideration of the
resolution.
A.re they to be furnished
