42Bj8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2*,
ing two hundred and fifty; and the blank in j
the thirteenth Sine by inserting five hundred, j
The Senator from Kansas moves to amend the ;
amendment by inserting two hundred and j
twenty in place of two hundred and fifty, and j
three hundred in place ot five hundred ; so as 1
to make the clause read :
All the spans other thin the one over the main
low-water channel shall bo at least two hundred and
twenty feet in length in the clear, and the span eov- ,
enng the main low-water channel ol the nver snail j
be oi' sue!) length as to leave at least three hundred !
feet of unobstructed passage way for navigation at j
all stages. i
Mr. MORTON. That is the amendment j
offered by the Senator from Kansas, which I j
hope will be defeated.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is an
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. I had not yielded the
floor except for a motion to go into executive
session, i did not design to make any ex-
tended remarks. I was saying that it was a
very convenient and interesting thing perhaps
for a Senator who has completed what he has
to say to have the vote taken before any reply
can be made ; but it is not the usage of the
Senate, and 1 hope it will not be insisted upon
at this moment.
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator means to
allude to me, I have said but very little on this
subject. I was stopped this morning by the
Senator from Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. I yielded the floor.
Mr. CAMERON. But 1 have given way be-
cause I did not wish to occupy the whole of the
night just here at the close of the session on
this measure; and I must beg the Senator's
pardon for saying that all that has been said
this evening has been very much repetition.
It is very warm weather, and I think that we
understand the subject just as well now as we
shall after we hear a dozen more speeches
upon it.
Mr. POME ROY. I propose to say what I
choose to say on the subject.
Mr. OA MKRON. Certainly the Senator will,
and 1 shall not try to interrupt him unless he
will be graceful enough to yield.
Mr. POMEROY. I yield the floor to the
Senator if he desires to make any remarks.
Mr. CAMERON. No, sir.
Mr. POMEROY. i am not going to speak
against time, nor to worry it out. 1 propose
to reply in a few words as well as I can to the
points made by the Senator irom Indiana at
the time that he referred to the tactics prac-
ticed by the members of the committee in
opposing this bill, and the statements made by
some members of the committee this morn-
ing. I will only add here that the statements
made this morning, so far as relates to the ,
character and capacity oi bridges in this coun- j
try, have not been disputed by the Senator
from Indiana, and cannot be. It was said that
there are no existing bridges of the character
mentioned in this bill. The Senator insisted
that that was a great mistake, a departure from
the truth, and yet he failed to point out a sin-
gle structure; and I challenge contradiction
on that subject. This is an experiment. I
said there was a suspension bridge a.t Niagara,
but that is not in controversy. The bridges
proposed by railroad companies are truss
bridges or a combination of the truss bridge.
I hold in my hand a letter from Mr. MeAlpine,
an engineer of such known capacity, integrity,
and national reputation, that it will add nothing
to him for me to speak of him, in which he
says that his attention has been called to a let-
ter in the Globe, read by the honorable Sena-
tor from Indiana, [Mr. Monrox,] m which
one Mr. Eads slates that—
"An arched bridge of one thousand feet span can
be constructed at a cost not greatly in excess oi throe
hundred and liicy feet trusses."
Mr. MeAlpine replies to this by simply
saying:
"Xo pirifje-ioiia) engineer will agree with this
Opinion.''
Then he says further: _ .
" fixteen months since I listened to tlio discussion
of this subject by the most eminent engineers ot
England, at the Institution of Civil Engineers in
Loudon. Upward of live hundred ciwineero vcio
present, among them Messrs. tarlow, Uemans, Jii e-
rcton, Fowler, Laco, Gregory, \ tgnoles, HawKshaw,
Bidd.il, Lane, Broinwell, and others, all ot whom
joined in the discussion. I have before me a printed
copy of their remarks. .
"A few advocated the suspension system; others
contended that it was not applicable to railway pur-
poses; and tho general conclusion was that truss or
tubular bridges should bo used wherever practi-
cable
"In tho present state of knowledge of the profes-
sion I doubt whether any engineer ol standing ana
experience would willingly recommend sucli a plan
as Mr. iiads has proposed. .
"It would bo a sovero blow to the railway mteiest
if Congress should prohibit spans of less than live
hundred ieet. Engineers would, be unwilling to
recommend and railway companies slow to adopt,
spans of such length."
I know of no one else but Colonel Eads
who m-oposes the span contained in this bill.
If the Senator from Wisconsin had examined
this bill throughout he would have seen that
it provides for a board of engineers ; that the
minimum length of three hundred feet is pro-
vided for and secured except as there may be
an appeal taken to the Secretary of War, in
which case he is authorized by tne third sec-
tion of this bill to have it examined by engi-
neers of the engineer corps of the Army, and
then, upon their recommendation, he is author-
ized to make a structure of any capacity, and
a span of any width that they may determine
to be essential or necessary for the public
interests.
Now, Mr. President, there niust somewhere
be a compromise. The river interest should
not be sacrificed, nor should the railroad inter-
est. They must agree upon-some plan of com-
promise. It would be better for the river if
there were no bridges ; it would be better for
the railroads if there were no rivers; but the
thing is impossible. We are to have both rail-
roads and rivers, aud there must be a compro-
mise somewhere upon some equitable plan.
It is proposed in this bill, with my amendment,
that the minimum shall be three hundred feet
span, and if a case can be made out where the
public interest demands it, tho Secretary of
War may cause it to be made five hundred feet
or one thousand feet. There is no limit in
that direction ; but it shall begin at three hun-
dred feet.
Personally I feel the least interest in this
bill of any Senator here. I do not know that
I have a friend on earth that has a dime's
interest in it; but I regard it as & great blow
to the railroad enterprise of this country if,
when they come to the Ohio river, they are
obliged to stop. This is a bill against bridg-
ing the rivor. It is prohibitory. It is like a
tariff that we sometimes put upon articles that
prevents importations. By this bill, the mini-
mum, the lowest point of span, is required to
be five hundred feet from the mouth, to the
summit of that river, whether the river is three
hundred feet wide or not. It is a death-blow
to any enterprise that proposes to bridge the
Ohio river. It is requiring what has never
been done. It is requiring what the best en-
gineers say is impracticable, not impossible,
but impracticable, and not within the reach ot
expense of ordinary corporations. Will the
Senate do it ? You will probably incorporate
a company from Virginia that will ascend the
Alleghanies, that will go west toward the Pa-
citic until it reaches tlie Ohio valley, and then
it must stop. You propose by this legislation
to put an obstruction there insurmountable
within any ordinary expense. You cannot get
an engineer of known national reputation and
character who will recommend a bridge ot this
span. You may find some man who has made
his money by building gunboats during tho
war, and obtained some notoriety in that way,
who will recommend it. But convene any
board of engineers iu this country, and you
cannot get a recommendation of a span of this
character; and yet you propose in this bill to
fix it in unalterable law that the minimum, the
very smallest span over the main channel, shall
be five hundred feet, a space not required iu
any river or upon any bridge iu this country.
In the cases that were read from abroad,
although they were large m the extreme, one
tubular bridge being over four hundred feet,
vet none of them came up to five hundred.
Mr MORTON. That is a misprint; tour
hundred and ninety-two feet is the length of
^M^poMEBOY. Fourhundred and ninety-
two feet. I say not one of them in this coun-
try, or anywhere, save the suspeusiou bridge
of which I have spoken, has ever been made
a success. , e
Now, 1 appeal to Senators not to deieat tnis
bill, not to delay it even.; but I appeal to
not to fasten in this bill a provision that shall
be prohibitory, of such a character that no
confpany can build a bridge. Ihe progress ot
our commerce and trade and business is west-
ward, and an obstruction through the length ot
the Ohio river would be a national calaici-y.
It would be felt in every State of this Union.
To fix in this law that no span shall be less than
five hundred feet is ruinous. Not wishing to
throw unnecessary obstructions in the way ot
the passage of this bill I have only stated the
case, and so far as I am concerned I am ready
to vote. ,, „ , f
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator from
Kansas does not state the true question which
is involved in this bill. His proposition is
that the question that is presented in this bill
is whether it be practicable to construct rail-
road bridge of five hundred feet iu span. That
is an illusive presentation of the question.
question is will a bridge of a less span than
five hundred feet present a serious obstruction
to the navigation of the Ohio river 1 I under-
stand this proposition to be true, that no
bridge of a less span than five hundred feet,
or of that span either, ought to be constructed
across the Ohio river if it seriously obstructs
the navigation of that stream. The extent of
that river from Pittsburg to its mouth is nearly
eleven hundred miles. The navigation of the
Alleghany extends some two hundred miles m
addition, and up the Monongahela about the
same distance, two hundred miles. Here are
fifteen hundred miles of river navigation, the
greatest extent of river navigation in a con-
nected line on the continent except the upper
and lower Mississippi combined.
Now, Mr. President, here is a great natural
highway of commerce that has been used from
the first settlement of the country. The capaci-
ties of that river aud of its navigation are well
and best known to one particular class of men,
aud that class of men are the river navigators
themselves. 1 should prefer their judgment
and their conclusions in relation to what sort
of a bridge would be or would not be a serious
obstruction to the navigation of that stream to
those of all the Secretaries of War, and all the
engineers, and all the scientific men that live
upon the face of the earth. The judgment of
those men, many of whom have been navigat-
ing that stream for forty and fifty years, who
are as familiar with it in the night-time as the
day, and who of a moonless and perfectly cloudy
night can run the channel of that river with as
much certainty as men can now by the aid of
all the gas-lights in this Capitol tread its mazes,
their judgment in relation to what bridges
form obstructions to that stream is entitled to
the very highest credit and consideration trom.
the Senate.
There are at least one huudred million
bushels of coal that are floated upon the bosom
of the river, either frotu its principal tributa-
ries, the Alleghany and the Monongahela, or
from the river below the confluence of those
two streams. They pass for six or seven hun-
dred miles along the shores of the State of
Kentucky, and they then enter the Mississippi.
These coal-boats, barges, &«., deposit their
freights all along down to the emporium of^the
valley of the Mississippi, the city of New
i Orleans itself. There are forty million bush-
| els of coal that are transported down that
j | river from Pittsburg, and from Pomeroy and
ji the points where coal is loaded below Pitts-
j< burg; there are at least sixty millions more
11 bushels, making an aggregate of one huu-
