THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
[Copy.]
Executive Mansion,
Washington, January 10,1861.
I hereby appoint Moses Kelley to be acting Secre-
tary of the Intel ior until other arrangements can be
made in the premises. JAMES BUCHANAN.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. May I ask tlie
counsel if they have any record there of what
became of the Secretary of the Interior at the
time thisactingappointmentwas made, whether
he bad resigned or ran away, or what?
Mr. CURTIS. I am not informed. I can-
not speak either from the record or from recol-
lection. There was acommission sent up which
has not yet been read.
The Secretary read as follows:
United States of America,
Department of State :
To all to whom these presents shallcome, greeting:
I oertify that the document hereunto annexed is a
true copy, carefully examined and compared with
the original record in this Department.
In testimony whereof I, William II. Seward, Sec-
retary of State of the United States, have hereunto
subscribed my name and caused the seal of the De-
partment of State to be affixed.
Done at the city of Washington this Oth day of
April A. P., 1S68, and of the independence of
[l. s. ] the United States of America the ninety-sec-
ond. WM. II. SEWAliD.
Abraham Lincoln,
Presidentof the United States nf America :
To all who shall see these presents, greeting-'
Know yc, that reposing special trust and confidence
in the patriotism, integrity, and abilities of Caleb
B. Smith, of Indiana, I have nominated, and by and
with the udvico and consent of the Senate do ap-
point, him to be Secretary of the Interior of the
United States, and do authorize and empower him
to execute and fulfill the duties of that office accord-
ing to law. And to have and to hold the said office
with all the powers, privileges, and emoluments
thereunto of right appertaining unto him, the_ said
Caleb B. Smith, during the pleasure of the President
of the United States for the time being.
In testimony whereof I havo caused these letters
to be made patent and the seal of tho United States
to bo hereunto affixed.
Given under my hand, at the city of Washington,
the 5th day of March, in the year of our Lord
fu s.] 1861, and of tho independence of the United
States of America the eightv-fifth.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
By the President:
William II. Seward, Secretary of State.
Mr. CURTIS. I now offer in evidence a
docuineut which relates to the removal from
office of the collector and appraiser of mer-
chandise at the city of Philadelphia, and also
a copy of the commissions issued to their suc-
cessors.
[The documents were handed to the Man-
agers and examined by them.]
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Our objection to
this, Mr. President, is that this is not an act
of any President or any person having author-
ity to discharge officers. What is offered is a
letter of one McClintock Young, acting Secre-
tary of the Treasury, directed to the appraiser
in Philadelphia, in which he recites a fact.
That is what is offered in evidence—the act of
McClintock Young, acting Secretary of the
Treasury—which he writes to the collector of
customs at Philadelphia, asking him to hand
a letter to Richard Coe, Esq., saying that he
is directed to say that he does not want his
services any longer. I do not see how it bears
on this issue. The fact that somebody was
commissioned we do not object to ; but we do
object to this letter of acting Assistant Secre-
tary McClintock Young.
Mr. CURTIS. Do you want evidence of
the fact that he was acting Secretary?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. No, sir; I have
that fact among these commissions of my own.
Mr. CURTIS. The documents are certified
regularly by the Secretary of the Treasury as
coming from the records of that Department.
The documents themselves consist of two let-
ters signed by McClintock Young, who it is
admitted was the acting Secretary of the Treas-
ury at the time when he signed these letters.
We offer them in evidence to show acts of re-
moval of these Treasury officers, the appraiser
and the collector in Philadelphia, by the act
of McClintock Young, acting Secretary of the
Treasury, who says that he proceeds '' by the
direction of the President."
Mr. Manager BUTLER. The difficulty we
find is not removed. It is an attempt by
McClintock Young, acting Secretary of the
Treasury, to remove an officer by reciting that
he is directed by the President so to do. If this
is evidence, we have to go on and try the ques-
tion of the rightof McClintock Young to do this
act, to see whether an appraiser is one of the
'"inferior officers" that a Secretary of the
Treasury may remove, or the President may
remove without the advice and consent of the
Senate ; we have to go into a new series of in-
vestigations. It is not an act of the President;
it is not an act of the head of a Department;
and it is remarkable as the only case that can
be found of the kind so far as we know; and if
it was evidence at all, it would rather prove the
rule by being the exception.
Mr. CUE/TIS. I understand it to be admit-
ted that McClintock Young was the acting
Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Yes, sir; I have
liis appointment.
Mr. CURTIS. I take this act of his, there-
fore, as if it had been done by a Secretary of
the Treasury.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. CURTIS. He says that he proceedsby
the order of the President, and I take it to be well
settled judicially and practically that where
ever the head of a Department says he acts by
the order of the President he is presumed to
tell the truth, and it requires no evidence to
show that he acts by the order of the President.
No such evidence is ever preserved, no rccord
is ever made of the direction which tho Presi-
dent gives to one of the heads of Departments,
as I understand, to proceed in a transaction of
this kind. But when a head of a Department
says " by order of the President I say so and
so" all courts and all bodies presume that he
tells the truth.
The CHIEF JUSTICE._ The Chief Justice
thinks that this evidence is admissible. The
act of a Secretary of the Treasury is the act of
the President unless the contrary be shown.
He will pat the question to the Senate, how-
ever, if any Senator desires it. [After a pause.]
The evidence is admitted. Do you desire to
have it read ?
Mr. CURTIS. If you please, your Honor.
The Secretary read as follows:
United States oj? Amkrik'a,
Treasury Department, April 7, 1868.
Pursuant to the act of Congress of the 22d of Feb-
ruary, 1810,1 hereby certify that the annexed aro
true and corrcct copies from tho records of this De-
partment of the commissions issued to Richard Coe
and Charles I'rancis Brcuii, as appraisers of mer-
chandise for the port of Philadelphia, in tho State
ot Pennsylvania.
In witness whereof I havo hereunto set mv hand
and caused the seal of the Treasury Depart-
| l. s.l inent to be affixed on the day and year first
above written. II. MCCULLOCH,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. CURTIS, ft is only necessary to give
the dates of those commissions ; you need not
read them at large.
The Secretary. The commission of Rich-
ard Coe is dated the 25th day of June, 1841;
the commission of Charles Francis Breuil is
dated the 30th day of August, 1842.
Mr. CURTIS. Now read the letteis.
The Secretary read as follows :
Treasury Department, August 17,1812.
Sir: I am directed by the President to inform you
that your ser\ ices as appraiser of merchandise for
the port of Philadelphia are no longer required.
I am, very respectfully. &c.,
Mct'LINTOCK YOUNG,
Acting Secretary of the Treasury.
Richard Coe,
Appraiser of Merchandise. Philadelphia.
Treasury Department, Augustll. 1842.
Sir: I have to request that you will deliver the
inclosed letter to Richard Coe, Esq., appraiser at
Philadelphia.
I am, See., MeCLINTOCIv YOUNG,
Acting Secretary of the Treasury.
Collector of the Customs, Philadelphia.
Mr. CURTIS. I now offer in evidence
documents from the Navy Department.
[The documents were handed to the Man-
agers for examination.]
Mr. STEWART, (at two o'clock and fifteen
minutes p. in.) I move that the Senate take
a recess for fifteen minutes.
Mr. SUMNER. I move an amendment to
that, that business be resumed forthwith after
the expiration of fifteen minutes.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice,
before putting the question on that amendment,
begs leave to remind Senators how extremely
difficult it is to resume the business of the Sen-
ate unless the Senators are present. The Chief
Justice will put the question on the amend-
ment.
The amendment was rejected.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question now
is on the motion of the Senator from Nevada.
The motion was agreed to.
The CHIEF JUSTICE resumed the chair
at the expiration of fifteen minutes, but there
not being many Senators present business was
not resumed till two o'clock and forty-five
minutes p. m.,when the Chief Justice said:
Senators will please give their attention.
Counsel for the President will proceed with
the defense.
Mr. ManagerBUTLER. Attheadjournment
I was about objecting to the papers offered from
the Navy Department. The ground of my objec-
tion is this : the cei'tificate appended does not
certify them to be copies of records from the
Navy Department, but simply certifies "that
the annexed is a true statement from the rec-
ords of this Department" signed by " Edgar
T. Welles, chief clerk," and then there is an
attestation that he is chief clerk. Then the
heading of the paper is "memoranda," so
that the paper is not an official copy of the
record, but is a statement made up by the
chief clerk of the Navy Department of certain
matters which he has either been asked or
volunteered to do ; and the difficulty about it
is that it is informal, and they leave out here
many of the things which are necessary to
ascertain what bearing this has on the case.
For instance, Thomas Eastin, Navy agent at
Pensacola, it is stated, was, on the 19th of
December, 1840, dismissed by direction of the
President for failing to render his accounts
and Purser So-and-So was ordered to take his
place. It does not appear what then was
done, whether the Senate was in session and
whether the President sent at the same mo-
ment an appointment to the Senate. All that
appears is that on the 29th of April, 1841. the
President appointed Jackson Morton, Navy
agent at Pensacola. He might have sent in
Jackson Morton's name at the very mefment
that he dismissed this man. Non constat; it
does not appear at all.
1 only put this as an illustration. These are
not copies of records, but they are certified to
be a statement made up from the records by
somebody not under oath, and who has no
right to make statements, and they are wholly
illusory. Occasionally there are memoranda
in pencil upon these papers made by other
persons.
Mr. CURTIS. We can apply India-rubber
there, and that would remove that objection.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Yes, sir. The
difficulty is not so much what is stated here as
what is left out. Everything is left out that is
of value to t^e understanding of this case.
Here are memoranda made up from the records
that A B was removed, but the circumstances
under which he was removed, who was nomin-
ated in his place, and when that person was
nominated do not appear. It only appears that
somebody was appointed at Pensacola.
Mr. JOHNSON. Are the dates given, Mr.
Manager?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. The dates are
given in this way : it is stated that on the 19th
of December, 1840, a person is removed, and
then on the oth of January one Johnston was
informed that he had been appointed. He
must have been nominated and gone through
the Senate and been confirmed in the mean-
time. JSfon constat but that he was nominated
at this very moment; and if he was nominated
at the very moment the other man was re-
moved, the value of it is gone as a preeedent.
Then Johnston was lost on the voyage, and
on the 29th of April, 1841, another man was
