3266
The series of resolutions wore then unani-
mously adopted.
" E, of Kansas, moved to recon-
VOt? / whlch the re8°ll'tions were
adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CLARKE, of Kansas. I move that
1rintSr1,acc°> panying documents be
printed in the Globe.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I now make the
ordinary motion to print the report and papers
accompanying it. ' F
The motion was agreed to.
hogan vs. pile.
Mr. COOK, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, in the matter of the contested-election
gal? f FILE' .submitted a report
concluding with the following resolution:
m£T'w<^ ThiitWn^AM A. Pile is duly elected a
member ot this jIouso trom the first district of Mis-
The report was laid upon the table, and
ordered to bo printed.
pHANLEJR submitted a minority re-
port, which was also ordered to be printed.
M'KKK vs VOUNU.
sto^d th??«K'i ^nr" ?Pe.aker'1 wish> as I under-
stood the tax bill will be reported on Monday
next, and as it is made the special order from
day to day to the exclusion of all other busi-
ness, to give notice that I will on Saturday call
up after the morning hour the case of McKee
against Young.
HANNAH MOOltK.
Mr. HILL, by unanimous consent, moved
that the petition of Hannah Moore be taken
from the table, and referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
CIIAIIUUS AUAINST A SUlUiKMK COURT JUDGE.
,, Mrr" BOUrWBLL, from fhe Committee on
the Judiciary, moved that that committee be
discharged troin the further consideration of a
resolution reterred to them relative to one of
the justices of theSupreme Court of the United
states, and that the same be laid on the table.
I lie motion was agreed to.
united states courts in tennessee.
. %■ BOUTWELL, from the Committee on
the .Judiciary, reported back Senate bill No
•"V l.° djange the time of holding the district
and circuit, courts of the United States in the
several districts in the State of Tennessee
with an amendment. '
!he bill provides that the circuit and district
courts for the district of East Tennessee shall
hereafter be held at Knoxville, on the second
Mondays of March and September in each
?yaii' .f'Jf the district of Middle Tennessee at
Nashville, on the third Mondays of April and
October of each year ; and for the district of
vv est Tennessee at Memphis, on the fourth
Mondays ot May and November of each year.
All recognizances, indictments, or other pro-
ceedings, civil and criminal, now pending or
returnable in those courts, are to be entered
m court and be heard and tried according to
the times of holding the courts as herein pro-
vided. !he act is to take effect from and sifter
the^ first Monday m July, 1868.
The amendment was read as follows •
" January and Ju^y?" Wld and insert
The amendment was agreed to.
i he bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
reading ; and it was accordingly read the third
tune, and passed.
Mr. BOUT WELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill waj passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Gokham, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body insisted on its amendment to I,
House bill No. 1050, to relieve certain citizens
Ot Y'Orth Carolina of disabilities, non-concurred
in. by the House and agreed to the committee
ot conference asked for, and had appointed
Mr. Stewart, Mr. Wilson, and Mr. Sherman
the managers of said conference on its part.
It further announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (S. No. 440) supplementary to
an act entitled "An act to provide a national
currency, secured by a pledge of United States
nonus, and to provide for the circulation and
redemption thereof," approved June 3, 18G4,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested.
, It further announced that the Senate had
indefinitely postponed House bill No. 970, to
provide for a temporary and provisional gov-
ernment for Alabama.
It announced, in conclusion, that the Sen-
ate had passed without amendment House joint
lesolation No. 295, to authorize the Secretary
of the treasury to remit the duties on certain
articles contributed to the National Associa-
tion ot American Sharp-shooters.
appeals from tiik court or claims.
, BOU1WLLL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported back Senate bill No
104, to provide for appeals from the Court of
Claims, and for other purposes, with the rec-
ommendation that it do pass.
The first section provides that an appeal to
the Supreme Court of the United States shall
be allowed on behalf of the United States from
all the final judgments of the said Court of
Claims adverse to the United States, whether
such judgments shall have been rendered by
virtue of the general or any special power or
jurisdiction of said court under the limitations
now provided by law for other cases of appeal
from said court. 1 K
r| ho second section provides that said Court
ot Claims, at any time while any suit or claim
is pending before or on appeal from said court
or within two years next after the final disposi-
1, , s'"'t Or claim, may, on motion
on behak of the United States, grant a new
trial m any such suit or claim and stay the pay-
ment of any judgment therein, upon such evi-
dence (although the same may be cumulative
or otherj as shall reasonably satisfy said court
tliat any fraud, wrong, or injustice in the prem-
ises has been done to the United States. But
until an order is made staying the payment of
a judgment the same shall be payableand paid
as now provided by law.
The third section provides that whenever it
Shall be material m any suit or claim before
any court to ascertain whether anv person did
or did not giVe any aid or comfort to the late
rebellion, the claimant or parly asserting the
loyalty of any such person to the United States
during such rebellion shall be required to
prove affirmatively that such person did, during
said rebellion, consistently adhere to the United
slates, and did give no aid or comfort to per-
sons engaged in said rebellion; and the vol-
untary residence of any such person in any
place where, at any time during such residence
the rebel forces or organization held sway, shall
be primafacie evidence that such person did
give aid and comfort to said rebellion and to
the persons engaged therein.
The_ fourth section provides that no plaintiff
or claimant, or any person from or through
whom any such plaintiff or claimant derives
his alleged title, claim, or right against the
United States, or any person interested in anv
such title, claim, or right, shall be a competen t
witness m the Court of Claims in supporting-
any such title, claim, or right, and no testi-
| mony given by such plaintiff, claimant, or r,er-
son shall be used; provided that the United
states shall, if they see cause, have the licht
to examine such plaintiff, claimant, or person
as a witness, under the regulations and with
the privileges provided m section eight of the
act passed March 3, 18(tt, entitled "An act to
amend an act to establish a court for the invest-
igation of claims against the United States"
approved February 24, 1855. '
The fifth section provides that from and after
the 1st day of July, 1868, the Attorney Gen-
eral of the United States for the time being
shall, with his assistants, attend to the prose-
cution and defense of all matters and suits in
the Court of Claims on behalf of the United
States. There shall be appointed by the Pres-
ident, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, two assistant Attorneys General,
who shall hold their offices for four years
respectively, unless sooner lawfully removed,
and whose salaries shall be $4,000 each per
year, payable quarterly, and -who shall be in
lieu of the solicitor, assistant solicitor, and
deputy solicitor of the Court, of Claims, and of
the Assistant Attorney General now provided
for by law; and the existing offices of solicitor,
assistant solicitor, and deputy solicitor of the
Court of Claims, and of Assistant Attorney
General, are hereby abolished from and after
the 1st day of July, 1868. The Attorney Gen-
eral shall have power to appoint two additional
clerks of the fourth class, and one clerk at a
salary not exceeding $2,000, in his office.
The sixth section provides that it shall also
be the duty of the said Attorney General and
his assistants, in all cases brought against the
United States in said Court of Claims founded
upon any contract, agreement, or transaction
with any executive Department, or any bureau,
officer, or agent of such Department, or where
the matter or thing on which the claim is based
shall have been passed upon and decided by
any Department, bureau, or officer intrusted
by law or Department regulations with the
settlement and adjustment of such claims,
demands, or accounts, to transmit to said
Department, bureau, or officer, as aforesaid,
a printed copy of the petition filed by the
claimant in such case, with a request that the
said Department, bureau, or officer to whom
the same shall be so transmitted as aforesaid,
will furnish to said Attorney General all facts,
circumstances, and evidence touching said
claim as is or may be in the possession or
knowledge of the said Department, bureau, or
officer ; and it shall be the duty of the said
Department, bureau, or officer to whom such
petition may be transmitted and such request
preferred as aforesaid, without delay, and
within a reasonable time, to furnisR said At-
torney General with a full statement of all the
facte, information, and proofs which are or may
of,«! l i? kn™\edge or in the possession
of w d Department, bureau, or officer, relating
11 cIfm aforesa>d- Such statement shall
ill reference t0 or description of
all official documents or papers, if anv as mav
stat ™is!l r°f0f facts referred to in said
statement, or that may be necessary and proper
or the defense of the United States againsl
the s<ud claim, together with the Department
ofhee, or place where the same is kept or mav
:rredi Aiid if i!,ie said
been passed upon and decided by the said
°r °fficer> ^eystatLem
General as b o & ■tr'"'smitted **> said Attorney
cinctlv 4atP Z °re P'ovlde«3, shall sue-
STST;or
the said f)P ?. f °h ?Ct' s,ection> or by
such statement ik °r bureau transmitting
, V1? SaMe Slm11 be ootfortf
onim™ statement, and a copy of the
statement rl'f My' shal> be annexeif to such
AttornevV tr£T?ltted wi*h the same to the
Attorney General aforesaid. And where anv
decision m the case shall have been
upon any regulation of an executive Iwf
in the statement tV. • , ^uote<1 in extemo
