1218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
^ iEAKER. The State of Missouri will
probably be called this morning, as the call is
JTOceeding in reverse order.
nAIt?En Thi? resolution is recom-
mended by the Committee of Electipns, and is
the result of a vote of that committee. I offer
it as such.
ihe previous question was seconded and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, demanded the
and nays.
The House divided; and there were—i
eighteen ; not a sufficient number.
tellers HBURNE, of Illinois, called for
The House divided; and there were—aves
twenty-five.
Ihe SPEAKER. That is enough to order
the yeas and nays, and if there be no objec-
tion they will be considered as ordered.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
_ The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 35, nays 90, not voting
64; as follows :
TEAS—Messrs. Archer, James M. Ashley, Axtell,
Jsarnum, Bmgham, Broinwell, Cary, Chanler, Dawes,
Higby, Holman, Hotclikiss, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Jenckes, Johnson, Loan, Lynch, Mallory, McCor-
mick. Mungren, Myers, Paine, Peters, Poland, Robert-
son, Robinson, Scoficld, Sitgreaves, Stone, Thomas,
Trowbridge, Upson, Henry D. Wash burn, Woodbridge,
and Woodward—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Amos, Anderson, Arnell,
JJelos li. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Boaman, Beatty,
IfOUtwell, Broomall, Buckland, Burr, Butler, Churoh-
lil, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Cornell, Covode, Cul-
^odge, Briggs, Eckfey, Eggleston, Eldridge,
iwiot, iernss. Ferry, Fields, Glossbrenner, Gravely,
Gnswold, Harding, Hopkins, Chester B. Hubbard,
Hulburd, Hunter, Ingersoii, Jones, Judd, Julian,
JSyellej^, Lafiin, George V, Lawrence, William Law-
rence, Loughridge, Marvin, McCarthy, Mereur, Moor-
head, Morgan, Mullins,Newcomb, Nicholson, Nunn,
0 NeiU, Ortb, Perham, Phelps, Pike, Plants, Polsley,
Sawyer, Schenek, Selye, Shanks, Smith, Spalding,
Starkweather, Aaron F.Stevens. Stokes, Taber,Taffe,
Taylor, John Trimble, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van
Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Van Trump, Van Wyck,
Cadwalador 0. Washburn, Elihu B. Washburne,
William B. Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams,
James F.Wilson, John T.Wilson, Stephen F.Wilson,
Wmdom, and Wood—90.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams. Bailey, Banks,
Barnes, Beck,Benjamin, Benton, Blaine. Blair, Boyer,
Brooks, Cake, Sidney Clarke. Coburn, Cook, Dixon,
Donnelly, Ela, Farnsworth, Finney, Fox, Garfield,
Getz, Golladay, Grove?, Haight, Halsey, Hawkins,
Hill. Hooper, Richard 3). Hubbard, Humphrey, Kol-
sey, Kerr, Ketcham, Kitchen, Knott, Koon tz, Lincoln,
Logan, Marshal], Maynard, McClurg. McCullough,
Miller, Moore, Morrell, Morrissey, Niblack, Pile,
Pomeroy, Price, Pruyn, Randall, Raum, Ross, Shel-
labarger, Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart, Twichell, Van
Auken, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, and William
Williams—64.
So the resolution was rejected.
PACIFIC RAILROAD RATES.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Mr.
Speaker, I introduce a joint resolution to pro-
vide for tlie regulation of fare on the lines of
the Pacific railway.
The joint resolution was read a first and sec-
ond time. It is as follows:
Beit resolved, drc., That the Secretary of War, the
Secretary of the Interior, and the Attorney General
of the United States are hereby constituted a board
of commissioners, whosedutyitshaJl be, onthelstday
of July in each and every yoar, to fix and establish
a tariff for freight and passengers over the Union Pa-
cific and Central Pacific railroads and their branches,
which tariff shall be equitable and just, and shallnot
exceed double the average rates charged on the lines
of railroad between the Mississippi river and the At-
lantic ocean on parallels oflatitude north of St. Louis,
Missouri; and the said railroad companies shall not
charge a sum in excess of the rates fixed by said board,
nor said railroad companies make any contract to
give terms and privileges to any expre«<? company
which are denied to any other express company.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, demanded"
the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The question is on sec-
onding the previous question on ordering the
joint resolution to be engrossed and read a
third time.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
30, noes 54; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Mr. Chanler, and Mr. Washburn of
Wisconsin.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 36, noes 65.
So the previous question was not seconded,
Mr. HOLMAN. .1 move, in order to test
the sense of the House, that the joint resolu-
tion be laid on the table ; and on that motion
demand the yeas and nays, intending to vote
against it myself.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 73, nays G5, not voting
51; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Anderson, Archer,
Arnell, James M. Ashley, Axtell, Baldwin, Barnum,
Beck, Benton, Bingham, Brooks, Buckland, Burr,
Butler, Cary, Chanler, Cornell, Dodge, Eliot, Farns-
worth, l'erriss, Golladay, Gravely, Griswold, Grover,
Harding, Hooper, Humphrey, Ingorsoll, Johnson,
Jones, Kelley, Kerr, Knott. George V. Lawrence,
Lincoln, Mallory, Marvin, McCarthy, McClurg, Mc-
Cormick, Morcur, Myors.'iN cweomb, Niblack, Nichol-
son,Nunn, O'Noill, Phoips, Poland, Robertson, Rob-
inson, Scofield, Sitgreaves. Smith, Starkweather,
Aaron 1. Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Stone, John
Irimble, Lawrence 8. Trimble, Twichell, Upson,
Van Aernam,- Robert T. Van Horn, William B.
Washburn, Welker, John T. Wilson, Stephen F.
Wilson, and Woodbridge—73.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Delos R. Ashley, Baker,
Banks, Beaman.Boatty,Bromwell, Broomall,Church-
ill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn,
Cullom.Driggs, Eldridge, Ferry, Fields, Glossbrenner,
ILgby, Holman, Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Chester D.
IIubbard.^Hulburd, Hunter, Jenckes, Judd, Julian,
Kelsey, Kitchen, Latlin, William Lawrence, Loan,
Logan. Loughridge, Moorhead, Morgan, Mullins,
Orth, Paine, Perham, Pike. Pile, Plants, Polsley,
Pruyn, Raum, Sawyer, Schonck, Shanks, Spalding,
Tafle, Thomas, Trowbridge, Van Auken, Burt Van
Horn, Van Trump, Van Wyck, CadwaladorC. Wash-
burn, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn,
James F. Wilson, Windoin, and Wood—65.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Bailey, Barnes, Benjamin,
Blaine, Blair, Boutwell. Boyer, Cake, Cook, Covode,
Dawes, Dixon, Donnelly, Eckley, Eggleston, Ela,
Finney, Fox, Garfield, Getz. Haight, Halsey, Haw-
kins,Hill, Asahel W.Hubbard, RichardD.IIubbard,
Ketcham, Koontz, Lynch,Marshall,Maynard.McCul-
lough, Miller, Moore, Morrell, Morrissey, Mungen,
Peters, Pomeroy, Price, Randall, Ross,Selye, Sholla-
barger, Thaddeus Stevens, Taber, Taylor, Ward,
Thomas Williams, William Williams, and Wood-
ward—51.
So the joint resolution was laid on the table.
During the roll-call,
Mr. HUNTER stated that his colleague was
confined to his room by sickness.
The result having been announced as above
recorded,
The SPEAKER stated that the morning
hour had expired during the roll-call.
rights of american citizens abroad.
Mr. 'BANKS. I ask the consent of the
House that the bill concerning the rights of
American citizens in foreign States, which was
recommitted last week to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, may be reported at any time
after the morning hour.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. BANKS. I move to suspend the rules,
to allow the Committee on Foreign Affairs to
report the bill at any time after the morning
hour.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 84, noes 25.
leave of absence.
Mr. Van Horn, of Missouri, and Mr. Gar-
field were granted leave of absence for ten
days.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. WASHBUBNE, of Illinois, obtained
the floor to make a motion that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the consular and diplomatic appropriation
bill, but yielded to
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, who
said: I desire to occupy a single moment for
a personal explanation. I ask the Clerk to read
the following paragraph from the report of the
House proceedings by the Associated Press.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Mr. Butlek said he had his information from a
member of the House, [Mr. Washbukn, of Massa-
chusetts,] who had himself made the bargain -and
received the $10,000 forfeit from Harvey."
I simply wish to say that I know nothing
about the transaction referred to. I had noth-
ing to do with it. I opposed the extension
simply on the ground which I stated in my
remarks, that the Government had done ail
that it was under any obligation to do to this
patentee, and believing that it would do away
with the monopoly and throw the improve-
ment open to the public to use. The state-
ment, so far as I am concerned, is wholly false.
I never had any interest directly or indirectly,
and my colleague did not mention my name.
How the press should have given my name I
do not know.
Mr.' BUTLER. Allow me one moment. I
did not make the statement that I received the
information from my colleague, [Mr. Wash-
burn.] I did not receive it from him. I did
receive it from my colleague from the second
district of Massachusetts, [Mr. Ames,] and it
was correct in every respect.
Mr. MYERS. Will the gentleman from Illi-
nois yield to me a moment?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. For what
purpose?
Mr. MYERS. The explanation made this
morning, in my opinion, renders it necessary
for me to make a statement.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
yield.
Mr. MYERS. I move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Washborne] has the floor to make
that motion for the purpose of taking up the
consular and diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Iwillyield
when the House comes out of the Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. MYERS. Now is the proper time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
see that the gentleman is involved.
Mr. MYERS. I am the judge of that. It
is on behalf of the Committee on Patents I wish
to make the statement.
The SPEAKER. How long a time does the
gentleman ask?
Mr. MYERS. Not more than five minutes.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suppose
I shall have to yield.
Mr. MYERS. Mr. Speaker, the House will
recollect that on Friday a bill, reported unani-
mously by the Committee on Patents, was de-
feated in this House. One year ago a bill to
the same effect was defeated in this House by
the production of a paper forged by somebody.
The highly honorable gentleman who presented
it upon this floor, now no longer a member,
knew nothing of its character when he pre-
sented it. But the bill was defeated by that
false statement purporting that the patent would
not inure to the benefit of the parties whom
the Committee on Patents had drawn it to inure
in favor of, but of some monopoly; it was a
paper sent here by the monopolists themselves.
On Friday, in spite of the unanimous recom-
mendation of the Committee on Patents, in
spite of the fact that they had examined the
testimony and these parties had declined to
come before the committee, statements were
again made upon this floor. One by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] and
another a statement read from a newspaper by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Van
Wyck.] Ihose statements the Committee on
Patents do not believe to be correct: and, sir,
I give notice now that I shall introduce that bill
substantially as it was with this proviso, that
if ever the patent shall come into the posses-
sion of the American Screw Company the ex-
tension shall be void. That will protect the
widow and heirs if anything else will protect
them upon this floor, and then those gentlemen
who make newspaper statements to defeat par-
ties who come here with a proper ease, against
the unanimous recommendation of the commit-
tee, can_ be heard before that committee. I
give notice now that I will introduce that bill
in order that these parties shall have justice.
If an explanation had not been made by one
of the gentlemen who defeated the bill I would
not have_ made this statement. It is not an
explanation, but a justification of the Commit-
tee on Patents.
consular, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
?pr J?roceec' t0 the consideration of the bill
(H. R. No. 718) making appropriations for the
