1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4291
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That
amendment being withdrawn, the question is
on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Wisconsin.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it be read.
The Chief Clerk rend the amendment, which
was to strike oat all of the bill after the enact-
ing clause and to insert the following:
That the Secretary of War, with the approval of
the President, shall appoint a boaid of scientific
engineers, to consist of not less than five, nor more
than seven, who shall report to the next session of
Congress the proper width of spans in railroad bridges
across the Ohio river adapted to the wants of navi-
gation and commerce upon that river; and that
until Congress shall bylaw take action upon said re-
port, no bridge shall be erected over said liver.
Mr. YAN WINKLE. I move to amend the
substitute by adding:
Provided, That this act shall not apply to bridges
already in process of construction.
If the amendment of the Senator from Wis-
consin is adopted as it stands, it suspends the
work on these bridges for at least a year ;
because we have to take advantage of the low
water of this season of the year in order to do
anything in the water; otherwise I should have
no objection to it. But it strikes me that if the
amendment of the Senator from Kansas pre-
vails, fixingthe minimum at three hundred feet,
the bill already providing that the Secretary of
War may convene a board of engineers to see
whether that is sufficient to meet the necessi-
ties of navigation, you have the whole benefit
of this amendment already in the bill by fixing
the minimum instead of what will prove the
maximum measure of span.
Mr. SHERMAN. I must object to the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
West Virginia. My people are very largely in-
terested in the navigation of the Ohio river,
and also in bridging. I have sat silent here
because my mind has been in some doubt as to
what ought to be done in regard to this matter.
But whatever rule is adopted must apply to all
bridges. There are two now being constructed,
one at Bellaire and one at Parkersburg.
Mr. WILLIAMS. How far have they pro-
gressed ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Only the materials are
collected together.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. More than that.
Mr. SHERMAN. They have not put in the
piers.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. They have not put in
the piers, hut they have laid the foundations
for the shore piers twenty or thirty feet deep.
Mr. SHERMAN. All I ask is that what-
ever rule is adopted shall apply to all the
bridges on the Ohio river. I have no objection
then to a span of four or five hundred feet. I
simply object to the amendment now proposed
by the Senator from West Virginia.
Mr. HENDERSON. Before the vote is
taken I will state that I had a good deal to do
with a bill that passed Congress a year or two
ago on the subject of bridging the Mississippi
river, and I took occasion then to examine this
subject thoroughly. Since that time a board
of the most competent engineers has met at
St. Louis in reference to the St. Louis bridge,
and they have coinc to the conclusion that
unquestionably a bridge can be built with a
span of five hundred feet. One of the most
competent and able engineers in this country,
in my opinion—I mean Mr. Eads, of St. Louis,
the gentleman who built the gunboats upon the
Mississippi liver—has invested a very large
amount of his own private fortune, and other
competent engineers have also invested money
in the construction of a bridge at St. Louis
with a span of five hundred feet, to be, I think,
ninety feet above low-water mark.
I am satisfied that nothing will be accom-
plished by selecting a board of engineers under
the direction of the War Department, and
sending them out to the Ohio river to ascertain
what sort of bridges should be constructed.
The engineers will differ among themselves as
they have heretofore differed. I remember
perfectly well, because I was then a member
of the I'o^t Office Committee, when the Steu-
benville bridge was authorized, and Mr. Col-
! lamer, of Vermont, was chairman of the com-
mittee, and the requisition was put upon that
bridge company that they should build it with
a span of three hundred feet, that Mr. Collamer
after taking the testimony came to the con-
clusion that it was utterly impossible to build
a bridge of that span that would carry safely a
freight train of cars over it, and so asserted in
the Senate according to my recollection. When
objection was made to the bridge, he said it
was nonsense to make the objection; let it
pass through, because from all the testimony
taken it was utterly impossible to construct
that bridge. However, in the course of less
than twelve months after the passage of that
bill, the Steubenville bridge was constructed
with a span of three hundred and twenty feet.
In my judgment there is no difficulty about
bridging the Ohio river at any point with a span
of five hundred feet. At almost any point
where it is proposed now to bridge the Ohio
river, take for instance at Bellaire, the banks
on each side are very high. Take it also at
Parkersburg. If I remember aright the same
is the case there, and at almost every point
where it is proposed to bridge this stream. It
is not so on the Mississippi river. There on
one side the approach is always low. A bluff
bank can be found on one side of the Missis-
sippi river, but invariably on the other, except
at the rapids, the land is low and continues so
for six or seven miles up.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. 1 wish to correct the
Senator. We shall have as much or more
bridge on the land than we have on the water.
We have to go very far back now to the hill so
as to take the rise of the bridge. The bridge
by law must be ninety feet above low water and
fifty feet above high water. The whole eleva-
tion of the bridge is ninety feet at low water,
and we have to go away back oil both shores
to get to the hills and build a bridge there.
The foundations for the piers on the shore are
all laid.
Mr. HENDERSON*. I am not speaking
of that. The Senator will understand that
according to my proposition he will be enabled
to go on with his bridge. I do not understand
him as taking the ground that it is utterly
impossible to construct a bridge over the Ohio
river with a span of five hundred feet.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Without an expense
that no ordinary company can stand.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is a sad mistake.
There is no question about the feasibility of
the construction of bridges of this character,
and especially anywhere on the Ohio.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. 1 never denied that
it was possible.
Mr. HENDERSON. I see no use of send-
ing this matter to a board of engineers. Let
us pass the bill in its present shape, and if the
companies decide to go on with their bridges
during the present summer and fall let them
proceed ; and let tliem proceed during the win-
ter as they can at any point on the Ohio river.
In fact, it is the bestseason for building bridges
anyhow, because then the water is low. I sec
no necessity whatever of delaying the con-
struction of bridges over the Ohio river in
order that engineers may dispute over the
proposition and make just such a report as has
been read by the Senator from Indiana this
evening. Some will say that it is feasible,
others will say that it is not; and we shall be
in as much doubt and hesitancy about the con-
struction of these bridges after the reception
of the report as we now are. Therefore, let
the bill be passed as it is, and if the com-
panies are willing to undertake the construc-
! tion of bridges with a span of five hundred feet
j let them do so.
j Mr. WILLEY. I have been trying to get
the ear of the Chair for some time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. An amend-
ment to an amendment is pending.
Mr. WILLEY. I was going to inquire if
an amendment to the amendment of the Sen-
tor from Wisconsin was in order ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. An amend-
ment is in order to the original bill. A {sub-
stitute is now offered, and an amendment to
that substitute is offered by the Senator from
West Virginia, [Mr. Van Wixki.e,] which will
be read, as it is doubtful whether the Senate
understand it.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment to the
amendment, which was to add the following
proviso:
Provided, That this act shall not apply to bridges
already in progress of construction.
Mr. TICKERS. I desire to say a word
before the vote is taken on that amendment,
I hold in my hand a letter from the president
of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company
to whom I had written on this subject to know
the condition of the bridges now in progress,
and I will read the portion of his letter relat-
ing to that subject:
"There is no subject before Congress in which tho
State of Maryland and the States through whoso
territory our railway and its connections pass than
the bill requiring a change in the length of span
upon bridges over the Ohio river. The Baltimore
and Ohio Company has already expended upward
of four hundred thousand dollars upon the bridges
being constructed under the existing act of Con-
gress, to conncct the Parkersburg branch with the
Marietta and Cincinnati and tho main stem of the
Baltimore and Ohio road with the Central Ohio
road at Parkersburgand Bellaire,respectively. The
experience of thobridge at Steubenville, built by the
Pennsylvania Railway Company, proves that the
three hundred feet span does not affect navigation
injuriously—no accidents having occurred except
thoso which arose from the carelessness of boatmen.
Three hundred feet is as great a span, many of our
best engineers affirm, as can be safely used for the
groat weights which will pass upon the bridges in
the exchanges of the commerce of the great West,
" The western States are deeply interested in these
enterprises, as the comparative economy of the use
of these structures will equal three cents per one
hundred pounds in transportation—thus adding that
sum to the value of the provisions and cereals of the
farmersot Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and other western
States. Let legislation, as to tho future and other
sections bo what it may, dearly, when such expend-
itures have been made in good laith under the exist-
ing act of Congress, no change should be made in
the law affecting these bridges.
"Should the change be made in the length of tho
spans, as required by the resolution of the House,
namely, to require five hundred feet for the length
of the channel span, the Baltimore and Ohio Com-
pany will be compelled to abandon the construction
of both bridges for the present, and it may be years
before experience elsewhere, especially in view of
the great additional cost involved, will justify tho
works to be again undertaken. The serious losses of
such a delay to the great agricultural and other
interests of tho West, as well as to the commerce of
Ballimoro, are palpable."
Mr. President, Congress passed a law in
1862 authorizing this river to be bridged by
railroad companies, and providing that the
minimum spaa should be three hundred feet.
Under this existing law the companies have
expended upward of four hundred thousand
dollars in the construction of these bridges^
which are now in process of erection. The
amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin
proposes to prevent them from being com-
pleted : in other words, it provides that a board
of engineers shall be appointed, and if they
shall report in favor of a span of five hundred
feet then these bridges shall be made to con-
form. These companies relied upon the faith
of the Government. This act of Congress is
just as binding iu good faith upon the Govern-
ment of this country as if it had made a special
contract with these companies. I can see
no difference in morals between an authority
given by Congress to construct bridges of cer-
tain dimensions and a contract to build bridges
of the same dimensions. An incorporation is
in law a contract. If Congress charters a
company that charter operates as a contract,
and it cannot be modified or repealed unless
the power be reserved in the charter. This
law is in the nature of a contract, although not
so in form, between the Government and the
railroad companies. Congress held out to
them an inducement to build these bridges, and
believing that it did not intend to change the
law, and acting in good faith, they have under-
taken to construct these bridges according to
the provisions of the law.
Now, I ask, is it competent for Congress,
when a work is half completed, to say, you
shall not finish it, and all you have done shall
be lost? Would it not give to these ccmpa-
