THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nays. 1 think proof of this kind ought not to
be kept out on a technical ground.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to inquire whether
the objection on the part of the Managers re-
quires that the entire documents relating to the
subject in the Departments shall be produced;
whether the objection goes upon that proposi-
tion ?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The rule requires
that a question asked by a Senator shall be
reduced to writing.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The question I asked
was for information of the Managers them-
selves, whether the objection goes upon the
ground that the documents are not certified in
'iill?
_ The CHIEF JUSTICE. If there be no ob-
jection. the Senator from Indiana can put his
question. Otherwise, the rule requires that it
shall be in writing.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I did not under-
stand the question.
The CHI EF J USTICE. The Senator from
Indiana will repeat his question.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The question which I
wislied answered by the Managers was whether
it be required, in the progress of this trial,
that the records shall be given in full so far as
they relate to any particular question?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. That is what we
desire, or, otherwise, it sets us to looking up
the same record.
Mr. CON'KLING. I wish to put a question
to the counsel for the respondent, which 1 am
reducing to writing, and will have prepared in
a single moment.
The CHIEF J USTICE. The counsel will
please reduce their proposition to writing.
Mr. CON'KLING. I beg the counsel for
the respondent to answer the question which
I send to the Chair.
The CHIEF J USTICE. The Secretary will
read the question proposed by the Senator
from New 1'ork.
The Secretary read as follows:
Do the counsel for the respondent rely upon any
statute other than that reierred to ?
Mr. CURTIS. I am not aware that there
is any other statute bearing on it. By ex-
tracts from the records—of course I do not
mean that any officer was authorized to state
what he believed the substance of a record to
be—I meant that he might extract out of the
record a particular document.
Mr. CON'KLING. Provided it was a copy
so far as it went.
Mr. CURTIS. Provided it was a copy so
far as it went.
In that same connection, perhaps, I ought
to state, Mr. Chief Justice and Senators, that
we do not offer these documents as copics of
the records relating to the cases which are
named in the documents themselves. They
are documents, as I stated at the beginning,
of a similar character to that which the Man-
agers put in, containing the substance of each
case, the name, the date, the office, the fact
of removal. It is true as the honorable Man-
ager has said that, when he offered that he
asked us if we objected. We said no ; for we
knew it would take, perhaps, weeks to make
out all those records in full.
Mr. EDMUNDS. With permission, I should
like to make an oral inquiry, to save time, of
counsel.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. If there be no ob-
jection the Senator from Vermontwill put his
inquiry without reducing it to writing.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I desire to know whether
this is offered as touching any question or final
conclusion of fact, or whether it is offered
merely as giving us a history of practice under
the statutes with a view to the law?
Mr. CURTIS. Entirely for the last purpose.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. After the state-
ment of counsel, that this does not go to any
issue of fact, but only of practice under the
law, we have no objection to it.
The CH1 EF J USTICE. The objection on
the part of the Managers is withdrawn. If
there be no objection on the part of the Sen-
ate the evidence will be admitted.
Mr. CURTIS. I wish there should be no
misapprehension. This document g:>es to
matters of fact; but those matters of fact are
matters of practice under the law, which I sup-
posed was what the Senator meant.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is what I under-
stood.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Then, if it is proof
of matter of l'act, we object that it is not proper
evidence.
Mr. CURTIS. Very well.
The CHIEF J USTICE. Gentlemen of coun-
sel for the President, have you reduced your
proposition to writing?
Mr. CURTIS. Yes, sir.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the proposition.
Mr. HOWARD. I desire to ask a question
of the learned counsel for the accused.
The CHIEF J USTICE. The Secretary will
read the question proposed by the Senator
from Michigan.
Mr. EVARTS. Before that question is read,
perhaps it may be of service that I should ask
attention to what I have turned to in the record,
and that is the letter of the Secretary of State
which, at page 351 of the record, introduced
the schedule that was put in evidence by the
Managers.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the schedule?
Mr. EVARTS. Of heads of Departments.
Mr. Manager Bi'ti.eii said :
" It is accompanied with a letter svinply describing
tlie list, which I will read, as mero inducement,
"Air. 0' .rris. We have no objection.
" Air. Manager 13u l'Li'.R. 1 will read it:
" j)i"p yktmiot OF STATE.
" Washington, March '2b, lKfiS.
" Silt: In reply to the note winch you addiessed to
mcou ttio 23d instant, in behait'ottho House of Kep-
resentatives m theniatter of the linpeachnientot the
President, I have the honor to submit herewith two
schedules, A and li.
" Schedule A presents a stat emcut of nil removals of
the heads ot Depai tinents made by the President of
the L'nited States dining tho session of the Senate
so tar asthesanie cau be .iseortaincdUomthe records
of this Depaiinient.
"Schedule 15 contains a statement, of all appoint-
in en is of heads of l)cp;irt men is at aaiy time made by
t he President without the advice and consent of tho
Senate, and v,h\!ethe Senatewas in session,so tar as
thesame appears upon therecordsot the Department
of State.
"[ have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant, WILLIAM Jl. 8EWAIU).
"lion. John A. Binuiiui, <Jk<urman."
Then follows the list, the production of the
documents of which would have occupied a
considerable length of time.
The CHIEF J USTICE. The Secretary will
l end the question proposed by the Senator from
Michigan.
The Secretary read as follows:
r>0 the counsel regard these memoranda as lexal
cvidenco of tho practice of the Government, and are
they offered as such ?
Mr. CURTIS. The documents I offer are
not full copies of any record. They are, there-
fore, not strictly and technically legal evidence
for any purpose. They are extracts of facts
from those records. Allow me, by way of illus-
tration, to read one, so that the Senate may see
the nature of tho document:
" Navy Aycncy at New York.
"1864. June 20. Isaac Henderson was. by direction
of the President, removed from the office of Navy
asent at New York, and instructed to transfer to Pay-
master John D.Gibson, of United States Navy, all
the public lunds and other propel ty m his charge."
We do not offer that as technically legal evi-
dence of the fact that is there stated ; but
having in view simply to prove, not the case of
Mr. Henderson, with its merits and the causes
of his removal, &c., all of which would ap-
pear on the records, but the practice of the
Government under the laws of the United
States ; instead of taking from the records the
entire documents necessary to exhibit his whole
case, we have taken the only fact which is of
any importance in reference to this inquiry.
If the Senate consider that they must adhere to
the technical rule of evidence, we must go to
the records and have the records copied in full,
and of course, for the same reason, read in full.
Mr. Manager BOUTWELL. The honor-
able counsel for the respondent must see that
if they do not prove a case they do not prove
any practice. The first thing to be done in
order to prove a practice is to prove one or
more cases going to show what the practice is.
Bui the vital objection to this testimony which
is now offered is, if my examination of it is
thorough and accurate, that it relates to a class
of officers who are and were, at the time the
transactions spoken of in this memoranda oc-
curred, nnder a special provision of law by
which they were created, which takes them
entirely out of the line of precedents for the
purpose of this trial. That is the vital objec-
tion to the introduction of this testimony. As
I have read the papers hastily, they all relate
to Navy agents and officers who were created
by a statute of the year 1820, and in that
statute a tenure of office was established for
the officers so created—fonr years, remova-
ble at pleasure ; and it is not necessary for me
to go into any statement here of the reasons
which likely controlled the Congress of the
United States in 1820, which led them to make
that provision. But having made that provis-
ion, created these officers, removable at pleas-
ure, a practice shown by facts, few or many,
does not tend in any degree to enlighten this
tribunal upon the issues on which they are now
called to pass, because these officers were cre-
ated by a special statute, had a special tenure,
and by that tenure were made removable at
the pleasure of the President; and in various
cases undoubtedly the President of the United
States, acting in conformity to that statute,
has removed those officers. Unless the coun-
sel for the respondent are prepared to say that
in this file of papers which they now submit
there is evidence to show that a practice has
prevailed relating to officers not enumerated in
the statute of 1820, then I say it is but a wast®
of the time of tins tribunal, knowing what
those papers contain, and knowing what the
statute is, to permit the introduction of any
testimony showing a practice which, if prevail-
ing and admitted, does not enlighten us at all
upon tho matters in issue here.
Mr. CU11TIS. This objection, Mr. Chief
Justice and Senators, has reference to the merits
of this case and to the weight and effect which
the evidence is to have, if it be admitted. We
may have been under an entire misapprehen-
sion as to the views of the honorable Managers
who are conducting this prosecution respecting
those merits; but unless we have been under
such a misapprehension we have supposed they
meant to attempt to maintain that even if Mr.
Stanton at the time when he was removed held
at the pleasure of the President, even if he
was not within the tenure-of-office act, still,
inasmuch as the Senate was in session, it was
not competent for the President to remove him;
and, secondly, that although Mr. Stanton might
have been removed by the President, not being
within the tenure-of-office act, his place could
not be even temporarily supplied by an order
to General Thomas, because the Senate was
in session, and there could be, therefore, no
ad interim, appointment made. It is with
a view to meet that that we introduce this
practice of the Government. It is with a view
to show that when the President had the right
to remove, it mattered not whether the Senate
was in session or not, that right might be exer-
cised, and that if that right should be exer-
cised, it mattered not -whether the Senate was
in session or not, he might make an ad interim
appointment. If the learned Managers will
concede all those grounds to us, if they will
agree that, the sole question here is whether
Mr. Stanton's tenure of office was fixed by that
act, and if it was not fixed by that act. that, the
President might remove him during the session
of the Senate, and might lawfully make an ad
interim appointment during the session of the
Senate, then we do not desire to put in this
evidence.
Mr. SHERMAN. I slionld like to ask the
honorable Managers a simple question.
