1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1219
consular and diplomatic expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending 30th June, 1869,
and for other purposes : and pending that mo-
tion I move that all general debate on the bill
shall close in one minute after the committee
shall resume the consideration of the same.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now
move that all debate on the pending paragraph
of the bill shall close in five minutes after the
committee shall resume the consideration of
the same.
The motion was agreed to.
The question was then taken on the motion
to go into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. (Mr. Wklker in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 718) making appropriations for the con-
sular and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending SOtli June, 1809, and
for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN stated the pending ques-
tion to be upon the amendment offered by
Mr. Butler on Saturday, to insert the word
"Greece'' after "Turkey," ou pagq 2, line
twelve.
The question was taken ; and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. PRUYN. Imovptoinscrtafter "Greece"
the words "the Papal States." The mission
to Rome, one of the most important in Europe
in many respects, was terminated very abruptly
in the Thirty-Ninth Congress on information
which was proved to be wholly unreliable, or
in which the House had been totally misled,
no doubt very honestly, by parties who sup-
posed occurrences bad taken place at Rome
which really never happened. The difficulty
grew out of the observance of religious wor-
ship by certain persons connected, I think,
with the Scotch Presbyterian Church, who had
been molested, as they claimed, by the Roman
Government, but who, as soon as the facts
were understood by the American minister,
bad their place of worship protected by Amer-
ican arms and then lights were thenceforth
respected as fully as those of other Protestants
in Rome.
There was another reason for it. I was not
a member of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, but,
if I recollect aright, the debate shows that Con-
gress was willing at that time to discontinue
the mission to Rome for the reason that the
effort to unite Italy under one Government
might and probably would be successful. That
effort has been thwarted by the Italian Gov-
ernment itself during the last year, and the
independence of the Pontifical States has been
guarantied, as it were, so far as the Italian
Government can secure it, for some time to
come.
Now, sir, we certainly do not want to throw
any barrier in the way of forming a united
Italy. But as long as Italy itself has taken
the position she has in relation to the matter
it seems to me that we should continue, or, if
you please, provide for a mission to Rome. I
have therefore moved the amendment I have
indicated ; and if it is adopted I will then move
the necessary increase of the appropriation.
The brief time allowed me will not permit me
to go into detail, or I could go very much more
into the subject.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Asdebate
is to be closed after five minutes I desire to
say only one word in reply to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Pruyh.] The Commit-
tee on Appropriations purposely omitted the
appropriation for the Papal States from the
bill because it was omitted by the last Congress
for good and sufficient reasons.
Mr. PRUYN. That was done under a mis-
apprehension.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think
there was no mistake. The action of Con-
gress w as founded upon the action of the Papal
States against our own citizens in Rome. Our
minister there has now returned home and is
now in this country. I think there is no neces-
sity for reetablishing this mission, and I hope
it will not be done.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Idesire
to say a word or two.
The CHAIRMAN. All debate on this para-
graph has been closed by order of the House.
I he question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Pruyn, and upon a division there
were—ayes fourteen, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. I suppose I must move an
amendment in order to get the opportunity to
say anything. I therefore move to amend by
inserting "the BorgheseGardens,in the vicin-
ity of Rome."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that,
by order of the House, all debate on this para-
graph has closed.
Mr. BROOKS. Then there is no use in mov-
ing an amendment.
No further amendment being offered to the
pending paragraph,
The next paragraph was read as follows:
For salaries of secretaries of legation, as follows:
At London and. Paris, $2,025 each.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Idesire
to move an amendment to the paragraph in
relation to envoys extraordinary, &e.
The CHAIRMAN. That paragraph has
been passed, and the next paragraph has been
read by the Clerk.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I de-
sired to offer an amendment, and tried several
times to do so.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wil-
liams] will be allowed to offer his amendment
without objection.
Mr. WOOD. I rise to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will state
his noint of order.
Mr. WOOD. I think the House did not
intend to cut off all opportunity for gentle-
men to move any amendment they please to
the paragraph in relation to envoys, &c. I
understand the ruling of the Chair to be that
all amendments and opportunities to move
amendments to that paragraph have been cut
off by order of the House.
The CHAIRMAN. ' The gentleman misap-
prehends the ruling of the Chair. The House
ordered that all debate upon that paragraph
should be closed after the Committee of the
Whole resumed its consideration. But the
clause having been passed, it is not in order
to go back except by unanimous consent.
Mr. WOOD. Several gentlemen desire to
offer amendments to that paragraph, even
though they may not debate them.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Williams] will be allowed
to offer his amendment if there be no objection.
No objection was made.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I now
move to amend the paragraph providing for
"salaries of envoys extraordinary, ministers,
and commissioners" by striking out the words
" Ecuador, New Granada, Bolivia, Venezuela,
Guatemala, Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Honduras,
Argentine Confederation, Paraguay, and Sal-
vador." Now, I desire to say a word or two
upon this amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The House has ordered
all debate on this paragraph to be closed in five
minutes after the committee resumed its con
sideration.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I have
always understood the construction of that rule
to be that so much time was allowed to each
amendment moved in Committee of the Whole.
In that I may be mistaken.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is cor-
rect when the House orders all general debate
to be closed. But in this case the House
ordered that all debate, including debate under
the five minutes' rule, upon this paragraph,
shall be closed.
Mr. BROOKS. I desire to say that it seems
to be the opinion of gentlemen about me that
debate was closed only upon "Greece" and'
'1 Ecuador." It ia not to be presumed that the
House would close debate on all these import-
ant missions. Here are a dozen of them, all
of them important. My impression was that
debate was closed only upon "Greece" and
"Ecuador," and upon nothing else.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair can only
enforce the order of the House. The propo-
sition was made in the House by the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Washburnb] to close
all debate upon the pending paragraph in five
minutes after its consideration was resumed
by the Committee of the Whole, and that prop-
osition was adopted by the House.
Mr. BROOKS. In order that we may have
an understanding on this subject I move that
the committee rise.
On the motion there were—ayes $7, noes
17 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Wood and
Mr. Washbttrne, of Illinois, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes sixty-two, noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Welkeb
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally and particularly bill of the House No.
718, making appropriations for the consular
and diplomatic expenses of the Government
for the year ending 30th of June, 1869, and
for other purposes, and had come to no reso-
lution thereon.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
to reconsider the vote by which debate on the
ponding paragraph was limited to five minutes.
I desire to move that the limit be fifteen min-
utes, and I hope this will be agreed to by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. BROOKS. Fifteen minutes is too small
a time. It does not allow three minutes to
each nation. Here are ten or twelve different
nations, and some of them of a good deal of
importance. I have never known the House
to impose such a limit upon debate on this
subject. This is the only opportunity we have
to discuss the foreign relations of the country
or to ascertain anything about them.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
motion to reconsider the vote by which debate
in Committee of the Whole on the pending
paragraph was limited to five minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs,
on the motion of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Washburne,] to limit debate in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the pending paragraph
to five minutes.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I with-
draw that motion, and move that all debate i*
Committee of the Whole on the pending para-
graph be closed in fifteen minutes.
Mr. BROOKS. That is too short a time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. How much
time does the gentleman desire?
Mr. BROOKS. Five minutes on each amend-
ment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I withdraw
the motion to limit debate. Let gentlemen
take their own time.
The SPEAKER. The motion to limit debate
being withdrawn, debate in Committee of the
Whole will be governed by the five-minute rule
upon amendments.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
and resume the consideration of the bill (H.
R. No. 718) making appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic expenses of the Gov-
j ernment for the year ending 80th June, 1869,
and for other purposes.
I The motion was agreed to.
! The House accordingly resolved itself into
I the Committee of the Whole on the state of
'the Union, (Mr. Welkeu in the chair.) and
I resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
1 No, 718) making appropriations for the consu-
