1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2243
any opinion on the measure, but one case that
has occurred within two or three years was in
Charleston, South Carolina, and 1 think 1 pre-
sented the petition myself.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know there was a
case of remission of duties on an organ in
Boston.
Mr. SUMNER. I remember that case ; but
here were bells sent out from England to a
church that had been very much injured, nearly
destroyed, during the rebellion, audit was very
important, and they so regarded, to have those
bells ; and the parties could not well afford to
pay the duties. They sent a petition to Con-
gress, which I think I presented, asking to
have the duties remitted; but the Senate re-
fused to do that.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator will notice
another matter that makes the case a very
equitable one, besides considerations of charity.
This bell is made almost entirely of American
materials. If all the bell had been made of
American materials it -would have been ad-
mitted free of duty on the general rule that
articles of home production are admitted back
free of duty. There is no foundrym'ihi?coun-
try that could east a bell of this sffe.
Mr. FESSENDBN. Does the Senator say
that raw material sent abroad and manufac-
tured comes back free of duty in the shape of
a manufacture ?
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the general pro-
vision of law when articles are sentabroad and
there all made of domestic material; they are
admitted back free of duty. That is the gen-
eral provision of the tariff law now.
Mr. HOWE. So wheat sent to Canada and
made into flour would be admitted back free
of duty ?
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend fromYermont
[Mr. Morrill,] can tell better about that; but
it is a general principle of the tariff law that
articles made entirely of American products,
sent abroad and being manufactured, are
admitted free of duty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I confess I cannot rec-
ollect, any sueh provision of law.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Ido not know
of any instance except the manufacture of rail-
road iron, which has sometimes been allowed
to be transferred across the line.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have seen such a pro-
vision of law, and that was one of the points
made by these ladies. The case on the equi-
table view presented by them is, I think, very
strong. It comes undoubtedly within many
precedents. I do not know anything about the
circumstances of the case mentioned by the
Senator from Wisconsin ; but here the article is
made of American production sent abroad to
be cast, where, from the nature of the article,
it could not be cast here, the bell-founders in
this country not being al)le to cast so large a
bell. It is entirely a work of charity for pub-
lic use, for the benefit of a large college and
seminary of learning conducted by these ladies,
who, as they say, have been exceedingly patri-
otic during the war, and sent from among their
number some fifty nurses iu our hospitals.
They certainly do make a case of equity which
I think the Senate ought at once to yield to.
Mr. HOWE. Well, Mr. President, consid-
ering this as a charity, I should not insist very
strongly on a duty being assessed upon the ar-
ticle if the rule was uniform. There are, I
know, instances of sueh remissions; and I
found the eases and exhibited them to the
committee when this other application was
pending; but, while it was conceded that in
the happier days of the Republic such import-
tations had been permitted free of duty, it was
then said, and, my impression is, almost unan-
imously, by the committee, if not entirely so,
that the necessities of the Republic would not
warrant it, and a new rule must be enforced ;
and such was the rule in that case. There is,
I repeat again, no single fact which distin-
guishes between this case and that. That was
a charity, as this is. That was a chanty to a
church, which, I suppose, is as creditable an
institution in every way and as much entitled
to the fostering care of the Government as the
institution which petitions in this case. That
is the only distinction between the two. I do
not know that that was manufactured of Amer-
ican material, which this is said to be, in part;
but I think the honorable Senator from Ohio
must be mistaken in supposing that our tariff
laws exempt from duty manufactured articles
imported simply because they are manufactured
from American material.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have sent for the tariff
act.
Mr. HOWE. If that is the fact_, it is a fea-
ture in the tariff laws which I think has not
attracted general attention, and which I think
will not stand the test of general attention. It
will cease to exist when it becomes generally
known.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not know that the
tariff act provides that articles manufactured
abroad out of American material shall be ex-
empt from duty. I assume, therefore, that
there is no such provision, if there be one,
there can be no question as to the propriety of-
passing this bill. But supposing that there is
none, it seems to me to he very clear that we
should pass the bill. There are no persons in
the country belonging to a religious sect, or
belonging to anj' other class of our population,
who have conferred moreespeeial benefit upon
our soldiers than the Sisters of Mercy. They
have been found in every hospital; they have
been found, I believe, upon every field of bat-
tle, attending to the wounded, consoling the
dying, at the hazard of their own lives, and the
hazard in very many cases proved to be fatal.
And now, in consideration of their services, in
honor of their Christian benevolence, they have
had presented to them this bell for a college to
which they are attached ; and all that they ask
is that we should permit them to hold it clear
of the obligation to pay the duty. It is doubt-
ful, in my opinion, whether it should not have
been exempt from duty under that portion of
the tariff act read by the honorable member
from Ohio. It is a bronze manufacture, as
much a bronze manufacture as any other of the
manufactures of that description. Ninety-four
per cent, of it consists of American copper.
They have been obliged to work the rest of it,
the other portion of the percentage of the whole
into it of tin, for the purpose of enabling them
to make such a bell as this is. It is in point of
fact an ornament; not an ornament of the
parlor, not an ornament of the chamber of pri-
vate citizens, but an ornament to the college,
a valuable ornament to the college, and a pos-
session of which the college is naturally proud;
a possession, as I think, of which we should be
proud, because it is a tribute to that benevolence,
that Christian benevolence, which has lent such
a charm to the character of the people to whom
the soldier and ourselves are so much indebted.
I should hope, therefore, whether it falls within
the tariff act of 18G1, to which the honorable
member from Ohio referred, or whether it falls
within the act of which he has read us a sec-
tion, the Senate will agree to pass the bill re-
funding to them the amount of the duties which
they have been compelled to pay.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, I favored the report of this bill, and
favoied it because, as 1 thought, it was in the
spirit, although not in the letter, of our law.
We have heretofore been in the habit of allow-
ing books, philosophical apparatus and in-
struments, busts, and casts of marble and
bronze, and alabaster, &c., to be imported
for institutions of learning free of duty.^ 1
do not think this is included in this provision,
or that it could under any possibility be
admitted under the laws exempt from duty.
I know of no act that allows the transportation
from the United States into other countries of
goods, and then to be reimported back again,
exempt of duty, except in the single case of
rerolled railroad iron, and that is provided for
by a special statute ; and perhaps I might in-
clude barrels or carboys that are sent abroad
to hold petroleum, or something of that sort,
as suggested to me by my colleague..
Mr. FESSENDEN. They are not manufac-
tured abroad, but only returned here.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. But it seems
to me, Mr. President, that under the circum-
stances we ought to allow the bell to come m
free. It was a special gift of the Sisters of
Mercy in France ; and it seems to me that
under the circumstances, having been mado-
outof American material in chief part, it would
be rather illiberal on the part of Congress to
refuse to grant their request and allow it to
come in free of duty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the Senator pro-
ceeds I will refer now to the principle. I find
that in substance I was correct, although I do
not think the language of the law would bring
this case within it; nor am I at present able to
lay my hand upon the clause of the statute,
but I find in the collated digest of the tariff
that all manufactures of the United States ex-
ported and brought back are admitted free of
duty.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That is a
different thing.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is a case where
nearly all the co.st, the chief cost of tlie arti-
cle, is the value of copper which enters into
the bell. It IS sent abroad for casting simply
because the casting could not be made in this
country. I think myself that it does not come
within the rule, because it is changed by being
cast, by being mixed with the small portion of
tin cast into the bell.
Mr. MOIiRlLL, of Vermont. The Senator
would not admit that American cotton or
American wool sent abroad and manufactured
into cloths should be imported free of duty.
Mr. SHERMAN. Where the manufacturer
greatly changes the article it would not be ad-
mitted free. I do not think the mere casting
of the copper, without any great admixture of
other materials, in the form of a bell, is such
a great change that the case does not come at
least within the spirit of the rule which allows
American manufactures when imported to be
admitted duty free. That is the law, though
it does not quite reach this case.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, all I
wish to say upon this subject is that I fear the
introduction of the principle of taking off
duties of any kind, either internal or external,
for the reason that it is for the benefit of a
charitable institution, or something of that
description. I know that up to this session
of Congress, in bills of both characters. Con-
gress have steadily refused to do anything of
the kind, because they saw that it would be
but the entering wedge to a very large number
of claims of the same description. For in-
stance, we lay a tax on incomes in the internal
revenue law. We had several applications
made to us not to exact that tax off the income
of charitable institutions; and, as you may
observe, the reasoning is very strong in such
cases in favor of an exemption; but, whatever
character they might have, Congress has, up to
this time, resisted the introduction of the prin-
ciple either into the tariff laws or the internal
revenue laws. And, as the honorable Senator
from Wisconsin observed, in another case ap-
plicable to a bell for a church we adhered to
the rule. Now, if it be true, as I suppose it
is, that this bell is made out of American ma-
terial iu a very great degree, I think that does
not strengthen the argument, for it is only
sending abroad the material to manufacture
articles and then exempting them from duty
on account of the original material. Tliat is
directly in the face of our doctrine of protect-
ing our own manufactures. They cast bells in
this country, and our bell-founders are as much
entitled to protection as any other class of
manufacturers.
The argument has been used by the honorable
Senator from Maryland [Mr. Johxson] that'
this bill should be passed because it is in favor
of Sisters of Charity. Well, sir, I appreciate
their services as much as anybody; but they
have no claims that, I know of over the vast
numbers of American women who went into
