1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3267
shall be pending in the said court more than
one ease, or a class of cases, the defense to
which shall rest upon the same facts, circum-
stances, and proofs, the said Department,
bureau, or officer shall only be required to
certify and transmit one statement of the same,
and such statement shall be held to apply to
all such classes of cases as if made out, cer-
tified, and transmitted in each case respect-
ively.
The seventh section provides that it shall
and may be lawful for the head of any execu-
tive Department, whenever any claim is made
upon said Department, involving disputed facts
or controverted questions of law, where the
amount in controversy exceeds §3,000, or where
the decision will affect a class of cases or fur-
nish a precedent for the future action of any
executive Department in the adjustment of a
class of cases, without regard to the amount
involved in the particular case, or where any
authority, right, privilege, or exemption is
claimed or denied under the Constitution of
the United States, to cause such claim, with
all the vouchers, papers, proofs, and documents
pertaining thereto, to be transmitted to the
Court of Claims, and the same shall be there
proceeded in as if originally commenced by the
voluntary action of the claimant. And the
Secretary of the Treasury may, upon the cer-
tificate of any Auditor or Comptroller of the
Treasury, direct any account, matter, or claim
of the character, amount, or class described or
limited in this section to be transmitted, with
all the vouchers, papers, documents, and proofs
pertaining thereto, to the said Court of Claims,
for trial and adjudication ; provided, however,
that no case shall be referred by any head of
a Department unless it belongs to one of the
several classes of cases as to which, by reason
of the subject-matter and character, the said
Court of Claims might, under existing laws,
take jurisdiction on such voluntary action of
the claimant. And all the cases mentioned in
this section which shall be transmitted by the
head of any executive Department, or upon the
certificate of any Auditor or Comptroller, shall
te proceeded in as other cases pending in said
court, and shall, in all respects, be subject to
the same rules and regulations; and appeals
from the final judgments or decrees of the said
court thereinto the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States shall be allowed i  the manner now
provided by law. The amount of the final
judgments or decrees in said eases so trans-
mitted to said court, where rendered in favor
of the claimants, shall in all eases be paid out
of any specific appropriation applicable to the
same if any such there be ; and where no such
appropriation exists the same shall be paid in
the same manner as other judgments of said
court.
The eighth section provides that no person
shall tile or prosecute any claim or suit in the
Court of Claims, or an appeal therefrom, for
or in respect to which he or any assignee of
his shall have commenced and has pending, or
shall cemmence and have pending, any suitor
process in any other court against any officer
or person who, at the time the cause as above
alleged in such suit or process arose, was in
respect thereto acting or professing to act, medi-
ately or immediately, under the authority of the
United States, unless such suit or process, if
now pending in such other court, shall be with-
drawn or dismissed within thirty days next
after the passage of this act.
The ninth and last section provides that all
provisions of any act incompatible herewith be,
and the same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. BOUT WELL. I will demand the pre-
vious question, after allowing the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Washburxe] to offer an
amendment which he desires to make.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
to amend by adding the following section:
Seo. —. And be it further enacted, That, it shall be
the duty of the clerk of the said Court of Claims to
transmit to Congress at the commencement ot every
December session, a full and complete statement ot
all the judgments rendered by said court tor the pre-
vious year, stating theamounts thereof,anil tliepar-
ties in whose favor rendered, together with a synop-
sis of the nature of the claims upon which said judg-
ments have been rendered.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I demand the previous
question on the bill and amendment.
Mr. BROOKS. I ask the gentleman if this
bill has been printed as reported by the Judi-
ciary Committee?
Mr. BOUTWELL. It has not been printed.
It is a Senate bill and was printed in the Sen-
ate.
Mr. BROOKS. What amendments have
been made by the Judiciary Committee?
Mr. BOUTWELL. None whatever. It is
reported just as it came from the Senate. The
gentleman from Illinois has just proposed an
amendment requiring returns to be made by
the clerk of the transactions of the court.
Mr. BROOKS. I have listened with all the
attention I could give to the reading by the
Clerk, but it is almost impossible to compre-
hend so long a bill as this. It seems to me it
is driving it rather fast to put it through under
the previous question.
Mr. BLAINE. It is printed, and has been
on the files for a month.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I wish to
say that there are one or two words that are
ambiguous, and I move to amend by inserting
that this bill shall have no retroactive effect.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I cannot yield for that
purpose. I think it unnecessary to introduce
any such amendment. The bill in the nature
of the case is prospective.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 30, noes 18 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Boutwkll and Bkooks.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes 75, noes 20.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered; and
under the operation thereof the amendment of
Mr. Washburxe, of Illinois, was adopted; and
the bill, as amended, was read the third time.
Mr. BROOKS. I call the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 88, nays 27, not voting
74; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Bailey, Baldwin. Banks,
Beaman.Beatty, Benjamin. Benton,Bingham,Blaiiie,
Blair, Bout well, Broomall.Buckland,Cake, Churchill,
Header W.Clarke.Sidney Clarke,Cobb,Coburn, Cook,
Cornell, Covode, Cullom. Dawes, Delano, Dixon, Don-
nelly, Driggs, Eggleston, Ela. Ehot, Farnsworth,
Forriss, Terry, Fields, Gravely, Hareling, lligby, Hill,
Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd,Jenekes,Jiidd,Kelsey,
Ketcham. Koontz. Loan, Loughridge, Marvin, Mc-
Carthy, McClurg, Merour. Moore, Morrell, Mullins,
Myers, Neweomb, O'Neill, Paine, Peters, Plants,
Polsley, Pomeroy, Price, Kobertson, Sawyer, Sco-
fielil, Selye, Shanks, Shellabarger, Aaron F. Stevens,
Stokes,Taylor, Thomas, John Trimble. Trowbridge,
Twiehell, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Wyek, Ward,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elihu B. Wa«hburne,
William B. Washburn, ffelker, Thomas Williams,
William Williams, and Stephen P. Wilson—88.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer. Beck, Brooks,
Cary, Chanler.Eldridge. Getz, Glossbrenner, Grover,
Haight, Hawkins, Hotclikiss. Humphrey, Iiigorsoll,
Jones Kerr,Knott,McCullough, Mungen, Nicholson,
Pruyn. Randall, Stone, Taber, Lawrence S. Trimble,
and Van Trump—27.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arncll,
Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley. Axtell, Baker,
Barnes, Barnum. Boyer, Bromwell, Burr, Butler,
Dodge, Kckley, Kinney, Fox, Garfield, Golladay,
Grisvrold, Halsev. Holman. Hooper, Hopkins, Asahel
W Hubbard, Richard D.Hubbard, Hunter, Johnson,
Julian, Ivelley,Kitchen, Laflin, George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrence, Lincoln, Logan. Lynch, Mallory,
Marshall, Maynard, McCormick, Miller. Moorhead,
Mo -rissey.Mblack.Nunn, Orth,Perham.Phelps,Pike,
Pile Poland, Raum, Robinson, Ross, Schenck, Sit-
Smith, Spalding, Starkweather, Thaddous Stevens,
greaves, Stewart, Tatfe, Upson, Van Aernam, Van
Auken, Burt Van Horn, Henry D.Washburn, James
F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Window, Wood, Wood-
bridge, and Woodward—71.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. BOUTWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
en the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SUITS IN UNITED STATES COURTS. -
Mr. THOMAS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported adversely on the bill (H.
R. No. 801) relating to suits in the courts of
the United States, and for other purposes 5 and
the same was laid on the table.
HABEAS CORPUS ACT.
Mr. THOMAS also, from the same commit-
tee, reported adversely on the bill (H. R. No.
1219) amendatory of an act entitled "An act
relating to habeas corpus and regulating judi-
cial proceedings in certain cases, and for other
purposes;" and the same was laid on the
table.
Mr. THOMAS also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back the bill (H. R. No. 1201)
amendatory of an act relating to habeas corpus
and regulating judicial proceedings in certain
cases, and for other purposes, with an amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute therefor.
The SPEAKER. If there is 110 objection
the substitute will be considered as an original
bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Let the original bill be
read.
Mr. THOMAS. I will explain. The two
bills on which the committee have just reported
adversely are provided for in this bill. In other
words, we have consolidated three bills on
kindred subjects into one, which the Clerk is
about to read.
The substitute was read. It provides that
no owner or owners of any ship or vessel or
of any railway or of any line of transportation,
no persons, linns, or corporations engaged in
business as common carriers of goods, wares,
or merchandise of any kind between the States,
shall be subject or liable to answer for or to
make good to any person or persons, firms, or
corporations, any loss or damage which may
happen to any goods or merchandise whatever
which shall have been delivered to any such
owner or owners, or to any ship or vessel, or
to any railway, or to any line of transporta-
tion, or to any persons, firms, or corporations
engaged in business as common carriers of
goods, wares, or merchandise of any kind
between the different States, whenever such
loss or damage shall have been occasioned by
the acts of those engaged in hostility to the
Government of the United States during the
late rebellion, or whenever such loss or damage
shall have been occasioned by any of the forces
of the United States, or by any of the officers
in command of any such forces.
The second section provides that this act
shall not be construed to affect any contract
of insurance for war risks which may have
been made with reference to any goods, wares,
or merchandise which shall have been so
destroyed.
The third section declares that the provisions
of an act entitled "An act relating to habeas
corpus and regulating judicial proceedings in
certain cases," approved March 8, 1863, shall
extend to any suit or prosecution, civil or
criminal, which has been or shall be commenced
in any State courtagainst the owner or owners
of any ship or vessel, or of any railway, or of
any line of transportation, firm, or corporation
engaged in business as common carriers of
goods, wares, or merchandise, for any loss or
damage which may have happened to any
goods, wares, or merchandise whatever which
shall have been delivered to any such owner
or owners of any such ship or vessel, or of
any railway or of any line of transportation,
firm, or corporation engaged in business as com-
mon carriers, and where such loss or damage
shall have been occasioned by the acts of those
engaged in hostilities against the Government
of the United States during the late rebellion,
or where such loss or damage shall have been
occasioned by any forces of the United States
or by any officer in command of such forces,
subject however to the provisions contained
in the second section of this act.
The fourth section provides that where any
suit is pending, or may hereafter be brought,
in any State court for or against any partner-
ship, firm, joint stock company, or corporation,
and any member of such partnership, """j
joint stock company, or corporation is, when
