3268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
suck suit is pending, a citizen of another State,
such member, whether he be plaintiff or de-
fendant,, if he will make and file in such State
court an affidavit stating that ho has reason to
believe, and does believe, that, from prejudice
or local influence, ho will not be able to obtain
justice in such State court, may, at any time
before final hearing or trial of the suit, tile a
petition in such State court for the removal of
the suit into the next circuit court of the Uni-
ted Stales to be held in the district where the
suit is pending, and offer good and sufficient
sureties for his entering in such court, on the
first day of its session, copies of all proccss,
pleadings, depositions, testimony, and'other
proceedings in said suit, and doing such other
appropriate acts as are required to bo done by
the act entitled "An act for the removal of
causes, in certain cases, from State courts,"
approved July 27, 18G(i; and that it shall
thereupon be the duty of the State court to
accept the sureties and proceed no further in
the suit; and the copies aforesaid being entered
in the United States court, the suit shall pro-
ceed in the same manner as if it bad been
brought there by original process ; and all the
provisions of the act referred to respecting bail,
attachments, injunctions, or other restraining
process, and in respect to any bonds of indem-
nity or other obligations given upon the issuing
Or granting of any attachment, or other restrain-
ing process, shall apply with like force and
effect in all respects to similar matters, process,
or things in the suits for the removal of which
this act provides.
The fifth section provides that, if a suit be
commenced m any Slate court by a citizen of
the State in which the suit is brought alone
or in conjunction with any other coplamtifl's
against a citizen of another State solely or in
conjunction with any other person or persons,
such eili/.en of the other State shall have the
same right to remove the suit into the circuit
court of the United States as if he were the
only defendant, and as if all the plaintiffs were
citizens of the Stale in which the suit is
brought.
The sixth section provides that when the
defendant desiring to remove a suit is a corpo-
ration created by or under the laws of a State
other than that in which the suit is brought,
any affidavit required for the purpose of such
removal may be made by any officer, director,
or agent of such corporation.
The seventh section provides that this act
shall apply to suits already commenced, pro-
vided that no final hearing or final judgment
or decree shall have been had thereon.
The substitute was agreed to.
The question recurred upon ordering the bill
to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. THOMAS. I will simply remark that
this is a bill analogous to laws of a like char-
acter passed repeatedly by Congress. I do
not anticipate that the House desires any dis-
cussion on the subject, and I move the pre-
vious question.
_ Mr. WASHBU11NE, of Illinois. I would
like to ask the gentleman from Maryland be-
fore he calls the previous question a question
in relation to some of the provisions of the
bill.
Mr. THOMAS. I withdraw the previous
question for that purpose.
Mr. WASHB17KXE, of Illinois. I do not
know but that the provisions of the bill may
be all coneet; but it is a long bill, and it was
impossible for me to catch the whole meaning.
If there is anything in the bill which takes
away the right of the citizen of a State to sue
an express company in that particular locality
and have the case tried in that locality, I am
opposed to it.
Mr. THOMAS. Well, that is one of the
prime objects of the bill.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. Let me
state a case. Suppose, for instance, one of
my constituents at Galena sustains a loss by
an express company of !plO,OOOor ot $100, and
sues the express company in the local court,
does this bill authorize the express company
to take the case out of the local court at Galena
and into the United States Court at, Chicago
to be tried there? If it does, I am against it.
Mr. THOMAS. This law may not precisely
fit each individual case that may be conceived
of in gentlemen's imaginations as occurring in
their own vicinity. It is foi' general public
purposes. It is founded not on any experience
derived from instances in the courts of Illinois,
but it has its origin in the condition of affairs
in the southern States, and instead of indulging
in mere declarations on the subject, I will
read extracts from two letters that have been
put in my possession from gentlemen well
acquainted with the condition and sentiment
of that country, showing the absolute necessity
for legislation of this character on the part of
Congress.
In one of these letters I find this declaration :
"I have boon a practicing lawyor for forty-five
years and upward, and think 1 can claim some ex-
perience in tho profession. I have no hesitation in
saying that the course of decisions in your cases"—
This includes judges as well as juries—
"forces mo to tho conclusion that it is nojet to impos-
sible to defend you successfully, even when the law is
on your side."
In another part of the same letter the writer
says:
4,I will not undertake to say that you cah be pro-
tected by Fudei ul J legislation. But unless some ehango
can be worked out from that or some other source I
do believe that an institution so valuable to the pub-
lic as yours is, will be compelled to discontinue its
operations."
Mr. VAN TRUMP. How do those extracts
explain the question of jurisdiction between
the several courts, State and Federal?
Mr. TliOMAS. I will come to that pres-
ently. I have other letters of like import, from
one of which [ will read :
"We feel bound to advise you of tho strong nnd
bitter feeling against the express companies in this
State. It seems to bo confined to no class of people,
bat to pervade all ranks in all sections, and even
among tho members of the bar its influence is very
marked. Its violence has recently much increased,
and in the oxcitemcut nowprcvailing in our country
we mpet on all sides with passionate denunciations
and prejudices." * * * * * * #
"The odium in which you are held is political.
Your company is usually styled 4 a Yankee concern.*"
" The eontruction (riven to the law of carriers in
this State by the courts is suelithat 110 corporation
engaged in that business can livo."
These letters all breathe one and the same
spirit. I will respond to the inquiry of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Van* Thump] by
saying that one of these bills was introduced
by the distinguished lawyer from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Woodward.] another by a distinguished
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ixoersoll,] and
the third by myself at tho instance of constit-
uents of mine in the State of Maryland. Now,
if it is the determination of this House that
those non-residents shall not have a fair hear-
ing anywhere, then let the law stand as it now
is. But if, on the contrary, you think that the
citizens of the United States ought to have a
fair chance before the tribunals of the United
States, then pass this bill.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. THOMAS. Certainly.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. I would
inquire of the gentleman whether or not, under,
the provisions of this bill, an action against a
railroad company or express company or any
other company named in this bill may not be
removed from a State court to a Federal court;
and whether any case can he prosecuted to
final judgment, in a Slate court while there is a
single stockholder of the company who is a
non-resident?
Mr. THOMAS. That is the verything I am
aiming at; I avow it without hesitation. We
live in extraordinary times, and with an ex-
traordinary condition of society in one section
of our country; and if there be authority in the
Government of the United States to rescue its
citizens from the wrong done them in the State
courts, then it- is the duty and the prerogative
of this Government to exercise that authority.
It is for that purpose that bills are here reported
and acted upon day after day,
And let me say to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Trimble,] that we do notP™P°se
to carry citizens of Kentucky or SoaA Caro
lina before a foreign jurisdiction, but before
the courts of the United States, before ju^ .
of our own countrymen summoned by impar-
tial marshals, who are sworn to try
the cases that come before them. Wc put all
the citizens of the country upon the same
platform, and unless the House is dlJPOsed to
leave my constituents and the constituents of
every member on this floor without the,mea.M
of obtaining a fair trial, they will pass this bill.
I now call thfe previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question Ordered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
The question was upon the passage 01 ttie
blMr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky, called for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered. ,
The question was takenand it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 80, nays 42, not voting
GT ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Bailey, Baldwin,
Beam an, Boatty. Benton, Blaine, Boutwell. Brom-
well, Buckland, Butler, Cake, Churchill. Reader W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Coburn, Cook Cornell. Co-
vode, Dawes, Donnelly. Driggs, kggleston, Ma, Eliot,
Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Harding, Higby,
Hill, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Jenekes, Julian,
Keisey, Ketcbam, Kitchen, Koontz, Loan, Loogli-
riclgo, Mallory, McCarthy, MeClurg, Mercur Moore,
Mooihead, Morrell, Mullins, Newcomb, 0 Ifeill.Pile,
Plants, Polsley, Pomeroy, Price,Robertson, Sawyer,
Scofield, SheUabarger, Smith, Spalding, Stark-
weather. Stokes, Taylor, Thomas, John Trimble,
Trowbridge,Twiehell, Van Aernam, Robert i. Van
Horn, Van Wyok. Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
William B. Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams.
William Williams, and John T. Wilson—80. _
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Bak.er, Beck, Blair,
Brooks, Cory, Chanler, Cobb, Cullom, Eldridge, tretz,
Glossbrenner, Golladay, (Jrorcr, llaight, Hawkins,
Itotchkiss, Humphrey, Ingersoll, Johnson, Jones,
Judd, Kerr, Knott, Marvin, MeCullough, Mungen,
Niblaok, Nicholson, Paine, Peters, Pruyn, Randall,
Shanks, Stewart, Stone, Taber, Taffe, Lawrence S.
Trimble, Van Trump, and Elihu B. Washburne—42.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Arncll, James M. Ashley. Axtell, Banks, Barnes,
Barnum, Benjamin, Bingham, Boyer, Broomall, Burr,
Delano, Dixon, Dodge. Eckley, Finney, Fox, Garfield,
Gravely, Griswold, Halsey, Holman, Hooper, Hop-
kins, Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard,
Hunter, Kelley, Lallin, George V. Lawrence, Wil-
liam Lawrenco, Lincoln, Logan, Lynch, Marshall,
Maynard. McCormick, Miller, Morrissey, Myers.
Nunn, Ortb, Perham, Phelps, Pike, Poland, Raum,
Robinson, Ross, Schenek, Selyc, Sitgreaves, Aaron
K. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens, Upson, Van Auken,
Burt Van Horn. Henry D. Washburn, James I?. Wil-
son, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, Wood, Wood-
bridge, and Woodward—07.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. THOMAS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that, the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Dawes
in the chair) stated that the morning hour had
expired.
immigrant ships. •
The House then resumed the consideration
of the special order, being House bill No.
1100, to amend an act entitled "An act to
regulate the carriage of passengers in steam-
ships and other vessels, and for other pur-
poses," on which Mr. O'Neill was entitled to
the floor.
The first reading of the bill for information
was dispensed with.
Mr. O'NEILL. Mr. Speaker, I wish to state
to the House that this subject came before the
Committee on Commerce onthe joint resolution
presented by the gentleman from New Yoik,
[Mr. Chaxlek,] which was followed in a few
days by resolutions from the Germans of the
city of Cincinnati, presented by the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Egclestoh] arid his colleague,
[Mr. Cauy.] I wish to_ say further that the
preparation of the bill did not fall exclusively
on me. I was aided by my colleagues of the
sab-committee of the Committee on Commerce,
the two gentlemen from New York, [Mr.
Humphreys and Mr. Robertson,] and also
