186
SUPPLEMENT TO
The CHIEF JUSTICE. If no objection be
interposed, the Senator from Ohio will put his
question without reducing it to writing.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is whether the papers
now offered in evidence contain the date of
appointment and the character of the office ?
Sir. EVARTS. That is a question which
you put to us.
Mr. JOHNSON, (to Mr. Shermax.) You
said "Managers."
Mr. SHERMAN. I beg pardon.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. And to that we
say that they only contain the date of the re-
moval, but do not give us the date of the nom-
ination, which may have been weeks and
months before the.date of appointment, as
nobody knows better than the Senate. That is
the trouble about it.
Mr. CURTIS. These documents are the
records of the Navy Department. Allow me
to read once more, to give you an illustration
of what they contain:
"iVffuy Agency at New York.
"1864. June 20. Isaac Henderson was, bj- direction
of the President, removed from the office of Navy
agent at New York, nnd instructed to transfer to
Paymaster John D. Gibson, United States Navy, all
the public funds and other property in his charge."
That is the character of the document.
Mr. JOHNSON. Does it give the date?
Mr. CURTIS. It gives the date of the
removal.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The counsel for
the President propose to offer in evidence two
documents from the Navy Department, exhib-
iting the practice which has existed in that
Department in respect to removals from office.
To the introduction of this evidence the hon-
orable Managers object. The Chief Justice
thinks that the evidence is competent in sub-
stance, but that the question of form is entirely
subject to the discretion of the Seriate, and of
the Senate alone. The whole question, there-
fore, is submitted to the Senate. Senators, you
who are of opinion that this evidence should be
received will, as your names are called, answer
yea; those of the contrary opinion, nay.
The question being then taken by yeas and
nays, resulted—yeas SO, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buckalow, Cole,
Conklintr, Oorbett, Davis, Dixon. DooHttle, Edmunds,
Ferry, Fesscndon, Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Grimes,
Henderson, Hendricks, Howe. Johnson, McCreery,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Pat-
terson of Now Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee,
Iloss, Salisbury, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, Trum-
bull, Van Winkle, Vickcrs, Willey, Wilson, and
Y ates—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Chandler, Con-
ness, Cragin, Drake. Harlan, Howard, Morgan, Nye,
Poineroy, Itamsey, Thayer, Tipton, and Williams—15.
NOT VOTING—Messts. Norton, Sprague, and
\V ade—3.
So the evidence was admitted.
Mr. CURTIS. Unless the honorable Man-
agers desire those documents to be read at
length we do not insist upon it on our part.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. We do not desire it.
Mr. CURTIS. Very well; but I suppose
they will be printed. [''Certainly."]
The documents thus offered in evidence are
as follows :
United Stati'.s Xavt Department,
April '«\ 1868.
T hereby certify that the annexed arc true state-
ments from the records of this Department,
EDGAR T. WELLES,
Chief Cleric,
Be it known that Edgar T. Welles, whose name is
signed to the above certilicatc, is now and win at the
time of so signing, chief clerk in the Navy Depart-
ment, and that full faith and credit are due to all
hi>> official attestations as such.
In testimony whereof, I have hereunto subscribed
my name and caused the seal of the Navy
Department of the United States to be affixed
rT | at the city of Washington, this 9th day of
i >• i>.j April, in the year of our Lord 1808, and of the
independence of the United States the ninety-
second. (jr. WELLES,
Secretary of the Navy*
Navy Agency at Pensacola.
Thomas Eastin, Navy agent at Pensacola, was on
19th December, 1840, dismissed by direction of the
President.
On the same day Purser Dudley Walker, United
States Navy, was instructed until otherwise directed
to act as Navy agent in addition to his duties as
purser of the yard and station.
January George Johnston was informed that
he had been appointed, by and with the advice and
consent of theSenate, Navy agent at Pensacola from
December 2$, 1840.
Johnston, it appears, was lost on the passage to
Pensacola.
April 29, 1841. The President appointed Jackson
Morton Navy agent at Pensacola.
Navy Agency at Boston.
February 1, 1838. Purser John N. Todd, United
States Navy, was directed to assume the duties of
Navy agent for the port of Boston and continue in
the performance thereof until further orders from
the Department.
February 1, 1838. D. D. Brodhead, Navy agent,
Boston, was informed that his requisition for $10,000
had been received and the amount remitted to John
N. Todd, purser of the Boston station, who had
been directed to discharge the duties of Navy agent
until further orders.
The Department alluded to reported embarass-
ments of his private affairs, and as the legal term of
his appointment would shortly expire, stated that
it felt compelled, under the circumstances of the
case, to suggest to him the propriety of tendering
at this time his resignation as Navy agent.
March 3, 1838. Daniel D. Brodhead, late Navy
agent at Boston, was requested to pay over to John
N. Todd, acting Navy agent at Boston, the amount
of public funds remaining in his hands as Navy
agent._
Daniel D. Brodhead, having, in a letter dated Bos-
ton, February 28, 1838, tendered his resignation as
Navy agent, it was acknowledged and accepted by
the Department, March 5,1838.
March 24, 1838. Leonard Jarvis was informed of
his having been appointed by the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, Navy
agent for the portof Boston from March 22,1838, and
John N. Todd was instructed to pay over to him
the amount of public funds in his hands as acting
Navy agent.
Navy Agenfy at Nero York.
June 20, 1864. Isaac Henderson was, by direction
of the President, removed from the office of Navy
agent at Now York, and instructed totransfcrto pay-
master John D. Gibson, United States Navy, all the
public funds and other property in his charge.
Navy Agency at Philadelphia,
December 26,1801. James S. Chambers was removed
from the office of Navy agent at Philadelphia, and
instructed to transfer to paymaster A. E. Watson,
United States Navy, all the public funds and other
propei ty in his charge.
United States Navy Department,
April 9, 1868.
I hereby certify that the annexed aro true copies
from the records of the Department.
EDGAR T. WELLES,
Chief Clerk.
Be it known that Edgar T. Welles, whose name is
signed to the above certificate, is now, and was at
the tune of so signing, chief clerk in the Navy De-
partment, and that full faith and credit are due to
all his official attestations as such.
in testimony whereof, I have hereunto subscribed
my name, and caused the heal of the Navy
Department of the United State* to be affixed,
r 1 at the city of Washington, this 9lh day of
L " S'J April, in tho year of Lord 18(38, and of the
independence of thcUnited States, the ninety-
second. G.WELLES,
Secretary of the Navy.
Navy Department. December 19,1840.
Sir: The painful duty devolves upon me of in-
forming you that having failed to render and settle
your accounts as rcqircd by . law and the frequent
calls of tho Department, the President has directed
that you be dismissed the service of tho United
States.
You will, therefore, upon the receipt of this com-
munication, consider your functions as Navy agent
at Pensacola to have ceased.
Until the arrival of your successor, Purser Dudley
Walker has been directed to act as Navy agent, to
whom.von will turn over the funds, books, and papers
belonging to the agency at Pensacola.
1 am, respectfully, &e., J. K. PAULDING.
Thomas Eastin, esq., lute Navy Agent, Pensacola.
Navy Department, December, 19,1840.
Sir: I have directed $9,881 to be remitted to you,
being the amount of your requisition of the 1st No-
vember.
You will, until otherwise directed, act as Navy
agent at Pensacola, in addition to your duties as
purser of the yard and station.
A further remittance of $5,000 will be made to you
for the use of the United States steamer Warren.
I am, respectfully, &c., J. K. PAULDING.
Purser, Dudley Walker,
Care Commodore A. J.Dallas, Navy-yard, Pensacola.
Navy Department, January 5,1841.
Sir: The President of the United States, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, having
appointed you Navy agent for the port of Pensacola,
West Florida, for four years, from the 28th Decem-
ber, 1840,1 have the pleasure to inclose herewith your
commission, dated the 5th of January, 1841.
I am, respectfully, &c„ J. K. PAULDING.
George Johnston, esq., Navy Agent, Washington.
Navy Department, Aprils, 1341.
Sir: The President of the United States having
appointed you Navy agent for the portof Pensacola,
West Florida, I have the pleasure to inclose herewith
your commission.
1 inclose to you also a blank bond, which you
will execute with at least two sureties, in the sum
of $30,000, to be approved by the United States judge
or district attorney for the district in which you
reside, and return to this Department as soon as
practicable.
I am, respectfully, &cM
GEORGE E. BADGER.
Jackson Morton, esq., Navy Agent, Pensacola.
Navy Department, July 16,1841.
Sir: The President of the United States, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, having
appointed you Navy agent for tho port of Pensacola,
Florida, from the 29th of April, 1841,1 have the pleas-
ure to inclose herewith your commission.
I am, respectfully, &c.,
GEORGE E. BADGER.
Jackson Morton, esq,, Navy Agent, Pensacola.
Navy Department, October 2,1841.
Sir: Jackson Morton, Esq., Navy agent for Pensa-
cola, has apprised the Department of his intention
to proceed immediately to that place to enter on the
discharge of his duties.
Upon his arrival you will transfer to him all the
moneys and property belonging to tho agency, and
take his receipt for the same, which will be a suffi-
cient voucher in the settlement of your accounts in
the office of the Fourth Auditor.
I am, respectfully, <fce., _ J. D. SIMMS,
Acting Secretary of the Navy.
Purser D. Walker, Acting Navy Agent, Pensacola.
Navy Department, February 1, 1838.
Sir: Your requisition for $10,000 has beenreceived,
and the amount remitted to John N. Todd, purser of
the Boston station, who has been directed to dis-
charge the duties of Navy agent until further orders.
The Department regrets that the reported embar-
rassment of your private affairs, and thecondition of
the banks in Boston, particularly that in which you
have kept your public accounts, renders this course
necessary.
As the legal term of your appointmcntwill shortly
expire, the Department feels compelled, under the
circumstances of the case, to suggest to you the pro-
priety of tendering at this time your resignation as
Navy agent.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
M. DICKERSON.
D. D. Brodhead, esq., Navy Agent, Boston.
Navy Department, February 1,1838.
Sir : I have this day authorized to be remitted to
you 810,000 under pay and Sub.—
This remittance is made to you with a view to your
assumption of the duties of Navy agent tor the port
of Boston, in addition to your present duty, which
you will do on receipt of this, and continue in the
Serformance thereof until further orders from the
•epartment.
I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,
M. DICKERSON.
John N. Todd,
Purser, United States Navy-yard, Boston.
Boston, February 28, 1838.
Sir: Some time since I received a letter from you
stating that Purser Todd was charged with the duties
of Navy agent in my place, and giving the reasons
of the Department therefor, Without concurring in
the opinions of the Department, but solely to relievo
it and the Government from any supposed responsi-
bility or embarrasMncnt in relation to my position, I
have thehonorto tenderyou my resignation as Navy
agent for this port, believing that you as well as all
others having official business with me can bear tes-
timony that I have faithfully and satisfactorily per-
formed all my duties as a public officer.
I have the honor to be, with great respect, your
obedient servant, DANIEL D. BRODHEAD.
Hon. M. Dickerson,
Secretary of the Navy, Washington, D. C.
N kyy Department, March 3,1S38.
Sir: I request that you will pay over to John N.
Todd, acting Navy agent at Boston, the amount of
public fundslemaining in your hands as Navy agent,
for which his receipt will be to you a sufficient
voucher.
When I last saw you you assured me that I should
hear from you in twenty-four hours.
I regret very much being 1 eft in the condition I am
as to the Navy agent at Boston.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
M. DICKERSON.
Daniel D. Brodhead, late Navy Agent, Boston.
Navy Department, March o, 1838,
Sir : Your letter of the 28th ultimo, resigning your
office of Navy agent for the port of Boston, has been
received, and your resignation is accepted.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
M. DICKERSON.
D. D. Brodhead, esq., late Navy Agent, Boston.
Navy Department, March 24,183S.
Sir: Leonard Jarvis, Esq., of Boston, has been
appointed Navy agent for that port in place of D.D.
