1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
4293
final adjournment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I simply desire to move
that the resolution fixing the time of adjourn-
ment be taken up so that' it may come up in
order to-morrow.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to ask the
Senator from Ohio whether he desires to super-
sede the bill that I have charge of.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will not interfere with
that. All I want is a vote fixing the time of
adjournment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore._ The ques-
tion is on proceeding to the consideration of
the resolution mentioned by the Senator from
Ohio.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, July 21, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m.
The Journal of yesterday was partly read,
when
Mr. DAWES moved that the further read-
ing of the Journal be dispensed with.
The motion was, by unanimous consent,
agreed to.
pay of southern members.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask unanimous
consent to present a report from the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary relative to the pay of the
members from the reconstructed States.
There was no objection.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The Committee
on the Judiciary, to whom were referred a
communication from certain members from
Arkansas, and also a letter from the Sergeant-
at-Arms addressed to the Speaker, touching
the question of the pay of members from the
reconstructed States, have directed me to report
the following resolution, on which I demand
the previous question:
Resolved, That the members of this House from the
States of Arkansas, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Florida, Alabama, and Louisiana, are entitled to
compensation from the dato of their respective elec-
tions as members of the Fortieth Congress; and the
Sergeant-at-Arms be, and ho hereby is. directed to
pay said members in accordance with the terms of
this resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof, the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
agreed to ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
commander aaron k. huoiies.
On motion of Mr. PIKE, and by unanimous
consent., the joint resolution (S. R. No. 164)
for the restoration of Commander Aaron Iv.
Hughes, United States Navy, to the active list
from the retired list, was taken from the
Speaker's table, and read a first and second
time.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it the purpose to put
this joint resolution on its passage now?
Mr. PIKE. The House has already passed
upon this question and sent to the Senate a
resolution for the restoration of Commanders
Hughes and Cilley. This resolution from the
Senate provides simply for the restoration of
Commander Hughes. The proposition has
already received the favorable consideration
of the House.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PIKE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
representative i'tiom alabama.
Mr. DAWES presented the credentials of
Benjamin W. Norris, claiming a seat as a Rep-
resentative from the third district of Alabama ;
which were referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions.
ports of entry, north and south carolina.
Mr. O'NEILL, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Commerce a
bill (H. R. No. 1444) changing the ports of
entry from Plymouth to Edenton, in North
Carolina, and from Port Royal to Beaufort, in
South Carolina; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill provides that the port of entry in the
Albemarle collection district be removed from
Plymouth to Edenton, North Carolina, and
also that Beaufort, South Carolina, be created
a port of entry in lieu of Port Royal, which is
abolished as a port of entry.
Mr. HOLMAN. Has this bill received the
consideration of the Committee on Commerce?
Mr. O'NEILL. It has been favorably con-
sidered by that committee, who have directed
me to report it. The passage of the bill is also
recommended by the Treasury Department.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. O'NEILL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
international system of coinage.
Mr. KELLEY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H..-R. No. 1445) to promote the
establishment of an international metrical sys-
tem of coinage; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Coinage, Weights, and Measures, and ordered
to be printed.
pensions.
Mr. PERHAM. I ask that by unanimous
consent the bill (II. R. No. 1010) relating to
pensions be taken from the Speaker's table,
that acommittee of conference may be appointed
on the Senate amendments.
Mr. SCHENCK. I object to taking any-
thing from the Speaker's table out of its order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the regular order.
message from tiie senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Gorham, its Secretary, notifyingthe House
that that body had passed a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 343) to admit free of duty certain
statuary.
It also announced that the Senate had passed
an act (H. R. No. 1376) for the relief of the
loyal Choctaw and Chickasaw Indians, with
an amendment, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
It also announced that the Senate had passed
a bill (S. No. 617) to reduce the military peace
establishment of the United States, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested.
It also announced that the Senate further
insisted on its amendment disagreed to by the
House to a bill (II. R. No. 554) making s
grant of land to the Slate of Minnesota to aid
in the improvement of the navigation of the
Mississippi river, and agreed to the conference
asked for on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses, and had appointed Mr. Ramsey, Mr.
Harlan, and Mr. Buckallw as managers of
said conference on its part
It announced, in conclusion, that the Senate
insisted on its amendments to the bill (II. R.
No. 1341) making appropriations and to sup-
ply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
service of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1868. and tor other purposes,
disagreed to by the House, and agreed to the
conference asked by the House, and had ap-
pointed Mr. Morrill of Maine, Mr. Conk-
ling, and Mr. Doohitle managers of said
conference on its part.
representation* of alabama.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. The Committee of Elections have had
before them the credentials of Francis W. Kel-
logg, Charles W. Buckley, Benjamin W. Nor-
ris, Charles W. Pierce, John B. Callis, and
Thomas Houghey, claiming to be Representa-
tives-elect from tho State of Alabama, and
have directed me to report that by the act of
June 25, 1868, Alabama was admitted to rep-
resentation upon this floor upon condition of
ratifying the fourteenth article of the amend-
ments to the Constitution; and bjr the Presi-
dent's proclamation of the 20th of this month
it appears that ratification has taken place
and that their credentials are in the form pre-
scribed by the ordinance of the convention of
Alabama, and therefore to move that they be
admitted to take the oath of office of the 2d
of July, 1862.
Mr. BR.OOKS. I could not quite hear what
the gentleman from Massachusetts said.
Mr. DAWES. Then I will repeat it. I
stated that by the act of June 25, 1868, Ala-
bama was entitled to representation upon this
floor on the ratification by the Legislature of
that State of the fourteenth article of the
amendments to the Constitution, and the
proclamation of the President of the 20th of
this month has announced that ratification
has taken place, and that their credentials
were in due form of law as prescribed by the
ordinance of the convention which adopted the
constitution of the State. Nothing further ap-
pearing before the Committee of Elections, of
course it has instructed me to report a prima
facie case in respect to these gentlemen, and
ask that they be admitted on taking the oath
of office.
Mr. BROOKS. Let me ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts whether he is quite sure
Alabama has ratified the constitutional
amendment?
Mr. DAWES. In answer to the inquiry of
the gentleman from New York, whether 1 am
quite sure Alabama has ratified the constitu-
tional amendment, such is my confidence in
the President of the United States that I can-
not believe lie would make a proclamation to
that effect if it were not so.
Mr. BROOKS. That proclamation has not
met my eye.
Mr. DAWES. It is in the morning's papers.
If it has not met the gentleman's eye it is in
a paper which has his confidence, the National
Intelligencer.
Mr. BROOKS. The point to which I wish
to call the gentleman's attention is the act of
Congress of March 23, 1867, passed when we
were assembled in special session more than a
year ago. The fifth section ot that act is as
follows:
"Sec. 5. Andbe it further enacted, That if,according
to said returns, the constitution shall be ratified by
a majority ot the votes of the registered electors
Qualified as herein specified, cast at said election, (at
least one half ot all thcregistcredvotersvotingupon
the question of such ratification,) the president of
the convention shall transmit a copy ot the same,
duly certified, to the President of the United States,
who shall forthwith transmit the same to Congress,
if then m session, and it not in session, then imme-
diately upon its next assembling; and if it shall,
moreover, appear to Congress tliat the ejection was
one at which all the registered and qualified electors
in the State had an opportunity to vote freely and
without restraint, fear, or the influence of Iraud,
and if the Congress shall be satisfied that such con-
stitution meets the approval of a majority of all the
qualified electors in tho State, and it tho said consti-
tution shall bo declared by Congress to be m con-
formity with the provisions of the act to which this
is supplementary, and the other provisions of said
act shall have been complied with, and the said con-
stitution shall be approved by Congress, the State
shall be declared entitled to representation, and
Senators and Representatives shall be admitted
therefrom as theiem provided."
Mr. Speaker, that act required a majority
of the registered voters of tho State for the
adoption of the constitution. Instead of re-
ceiving that majority, ou the contrary a major-
i ity of the registered voters of the State were
\ against its adoption. The people declared
j their will by absence from the polls as pre-
' scribed in this law. This fact, I believe, is not
j denied by any gentleman—least of all by the
! gentleman from Massachusetts. _ ,
1 Mr. DAWES. The answer which 1 make
I to the gentleman is by calling Ins attention to
! an act of Congress of June 2t>, 1868 which is
' of later date than the one lis1 refers to. One
