1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3269
by Captain W. M. Mew, the efficient head of
the division of steamship inspection of the
Treasury Department, as well as others engaged
in shipping interests. The result is the bill
before the House, which we consider one emi-
nently fitted for the purposes had in view.
I will state in a few words the object of
this legislation. It seeks the enforcement of
penalties never before enforced for the pur-
pose of securing proper light, ventilation, and
space upon ships carrying immigrants to this
country, and to insure for them full protection
in morals, health, and eomfort. It provides
regulations for determining the proper number
ot passengers each ship is to carry. It imposes
the duty upon our consuls abroad of seeing
that the immigrants do not come from districts
infected with epidemic diseases, thus prevent-
ing the importation of pestilence, and upon the
collectors of our ports at which they arrive of
making thorough and proper examination of
the condition of the emigrants and the vessels
in which they are brought, as well as for ob-
taining all other pertinent information. It
also attempts to prevent in future the over-
crowding of passengers, thus stopping the risks
of engendering disease upon the passage. In
short, it looks to the entire protection of those
■who leave their homes abroad to come here
and settle among us. Certainly no subject
should attract greater* attention in an Amer-
ican Congress, representing the territorial
vastness of our .country; it is dictated alike by
the interests of humanity and a sound national
policy-
This bill is in many respects similar to the
acts of 1855 and 18G0. The committee has
sought to revise and improve those laws. Our
general object is to see whether we cannot
enforce the penalties provided by them against
those who violate the law in this regard. Since
wc have taken up the subject a marked effect
has been produced in other countries, and it is
confidently believed that there will be some
joint international action binding all countries
from which immigrants come under one law
common to all, comprising a system which will
end the abuses now existing. The power of
the courts has been of no avail to correct evils
which have brought misery and death to hun-
dreds of our fellow-creatures enduring the hor-
rors of an Atlantic voyage in pest-ships.
Mr. WELKER. How does the gentleman
propose to enforce the provisions of this bill?
Does he do it by enforcing the penalties upon
the guilty parties after coming to this country,
or does he provide for an investigation of the
matter before they sail from foreign countries
for this country, so as to take care of theimmi-
grants on the passage?
Mr. O'NEILL. Of course we can do noth-
ing until the vessel reaches this country. Then
we provide for enlarged jurisdiction, an im-
provement upon the procedure under the exist-
ing laws. We not only give jurisdiction to the
United States courts, but extend it directly to
the commissioneis of those courts, so that
there may be full and prompt remedy for the
wrongs complained of. We take the power
from the officers of the Treasury Department
of stopping proceedings and remitting the fines
and forfeitures. We also give power to the
immigrants to follow the guilty parties wherever
they may go within our limits. Tf they go to
Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore, we give the
poor immigrant who has suffered the right to
follow them and sue them in the courts wherever
they may be. We provide for every facility
for bringing guilty parties to justice.
Mr. ISGEHSOLL. Is there any provision
existing for the enforcement of any penalty as
against the ship itself? Is there any jurisdic-
tion conferred upon any courts for enforcing
rights as against the ship itself?
Mr. O'NEILL. Thepenaltyis alienagainst
the vessel. In section twenty-one you will
find the following provision :
That the amount of the several penalties imposed
by the pro\ jsions of this act upon the owner, agent,
or master, «ha i be liens on the vessels in tlioamploy-
mont of which sueh provisions shall bo violated, and
such vessels may be libeled therefor in any circuit or
district court of the United States within the juris-
diction of which they shall arrive.
The House will perceive that this bill, while
not putting restrictions impossible to be com
plied with upon those engaged in carrying
immigrants to our shores, is designed to lodge
in the hands of the real sufferers abu ndant means
of redress, actually throwing open our courts
to them all over the land, thus showing to the
world that the moment they embark they are
measurably under the protection of our benefi-
cent laws.
The bill may possibly be made more perfect
before it passes the other branch of Congress ;
but so far as we can we have endeavored to
perfect this so that immigrants may recover for
the wrongs done them. I have a few amend-
ments to offer from the committee, after which I
shall yield to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Chaxleii.]
Sundry amendments were offered by the
committee, which were severally agreed, to; so
that the bill, as amended, will read as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United State* oi America in Congress assem-
bled^ That there shall not be carried on any vessel
on a voyage between the United States and foreign
territory not contiguous thereto a greater number of
passengers than in the following proportion, to wit:
On the second, deck and lower deck, neither being an
orlop deck, one passenger for every one hundred and
twenty cubic feet of clear space contained therein,
and on the main deck and poop deck, one passenger
for every onfi hundred cubic feet of clear space con-
tained therein, the space in bach case to be ascer-
tained m the-manner provided by law for the meas-
urement of tonnage. And no passenger shall be
carried on an orlop or temporary deck; nor on any
deck where the height or distance between decks, or
from tnodeck to the roof orcoveringof deck houses,
measured on the inside, is less than six feet; nor upon
any deck not having good and sufficient side lights
and ventilation; nor on any sailing vessel except
upon the main and poop decks and deck houses,
subject to the aforesaid limitation as to space and
hoightbecwoen decks. If a greater number of " stat-
ute adults" than the number allowable by the pro-
portion aforesaid bo carried during a voyage, or be
brought within the United States by a voyage, or be
taken on board a vessel within the United States lor
a voyage, the owner, agent, or master shall lorteit
fifty dollars for each passenger so carried, brought,
or taken on boaid in excessol the mimberallowable
by the provisions ot this section. And if the number
of such statute adults in excess is more than tweniy-
five per cent, of such allowable number, the owner,
agent, and master shall be deemed guilty of a 'mis-
demeanoi, and upon conviction thereof the owner or
agent shall be fined not exceeding ^5,000. and im-
prisoned not exceeding six months, or either, at the
discretion of the court, and the master shalL be im-
prisoned not less than six months and not more than
one year.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the owner,
agent, or master shall provide for each statute adult
a single berth, not less than six feet in length nor less
than two feet in width, or a like space m a double
berth, which shall beof the same length and at least
four feet in width, divided into two compartments
by a suitable partition board not less than one foot
high, which berths shall be built ol good and sub-
stantial material and workmanship, shall be ranged
lengthwise with the vessel, against the sides or
against a substantial bulkhead or other secure sup-
port extending fromdeek to deck, shall beseparated
at cach end by a like partition of at least the width
of the bei th from any other berth or structure adja-
cent; there shall be no more than two tiers ot berths
if the height or distance between decks is less than
seven and ono half feet, nor more than three tiersof
berths in any case, and the interval orspace between
the lowest berth and the deck beneath shall not be
less than nine inches, and each deck on which pas-
sengers may be carried under the provisions of this
act shall be divided into at least three distinct com-
partments, separated by a well-eons rructed bulkhead,
the foremost of which compartments shah be occu-
pied by single male passengers of the ago of twelve
years and upward; the next abaft shall be occupied
by lamihes, thati* to say, consisting of husbands and
their wives, and children under twelve j'cars af age,
the berths or cabins in which compartments shall be
effectually separated from cach other m such man-
ner as to provide suitable privacy and seclusion tor
each family, or where any such cabin affords more
cubic space than is required for each member ot one
family the extra space shall be occupied by another
or part of another family; and the next compart-
ment abaft shall be for the cxclusivc use and occu-
pancy of single females ot the ago of twelve years
and upward; and each compartment shall be con-
nected with the deck above by suitable companion-
ways; and m ease of a non-compliance with the pro-
visionsof this section the owner, agent, <" r raasterof
the vessel shall forfeit and pay thesum of fivedollars
for each passenger on board.
Skc. 3. And be it Jui tker enacicd, That the owner,
agent, or master shall provide for passengers of each
sex a separate hospital in a compartment, properly
divided off by a partition, in suitable parts of the
vessel-appropriated for passengers, to be used exclu-
sively as such, properly built andsecured, containing
not less than eighteen clear superficial feet of the
aecktor every fiity passengers; and sueh hospital or
hospitals shall be fitted with bed places and supplied
with proper beds .and bedding and utensils, and
tnroug.iout the voyage kept so fitted and supplied.
Andlor every failure to comply with any ot the
requirements of this section the master, owner, or
owners of the vessel shall be liable ro a penalty of
got-less than $100 and not more than §1,000.
dec. 4. And be it further enacted. That the owner,
agent,or inastershall provide the passengers in each
compartment on each deck, suitable means of com-
munication with the^ upper deck of the vessel by a
substantial stairway furnished with a hand-rail, and
covered at theupperdeck by a booby-hatch or house
over the passage-way leading to the compartments
allotea tosuch passengers below deck.firmly secured
to the deck or combings of the hatch, with two doors,
the sills of which bhall be at least one foot above the
dock, so constructed that one door or window iu «uch
house may at all times be leit open tor ventilation.
In case of a non-compliance with the requirements
of this section the owner, agent, or master shall be
liable to a penalty not exceeding $500.
Sec.'5. And be it further enacted, That the owner,
agent, or master shall provide for each compartment
containing not more than one hundred passengers,
at lea^t two ventilators, one of which bhall be in-
serted in the after part of the compartment, and the
other in the forward part of the compartment, one
of them provided with an exhausting cap and the
other with a receiving cap proportioned to the size
of the compartment. In a compartment containing
twohundicd such passengers, the diameter of each
shall be twelve inches in the clear, and in like pro-
portion for a larger orsmaller numOerof passengers;
said ventilatoisshall rise at leastfour feet six inches
above the upper deck of the vessel, and be of the
most approved foim and construction; nevertheless,
if it shall appear from the repot t to bo made ana
appr.oved, as hereinafter provided, that the com-
partments are equally well ventilated by any other
means, such other means of ventilation shall bo
deemed a compliance with the pioviMons of this sec-
tion. Jn case of non-compliance with the proviMons
of this section the owner, agent, or master shall incur
a penalty of $500.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the owner,
agent, or master shall provide lor the pas ongoi& on
the upper deck, housed and conveniently {manned,
at least ono caboose or C'loking-r.iiiiT-', the dimen-
sions of which .shall be equal to tour feel long and
one foot six inches wide for cveiy two hundred pas-
sengers; and piovision shall be made, m the manner
aforesaid, in this ratio, for a greater or lc=s number
of passengers; but nothing herein contained shall
take away the right to make such arrangements lor
cooking between decks as may be appioved by the
officers charged with the execution of tins act. In
case of non-compliance with the requirements of
this section, the owner, agent, or master shall incur
a penalty of $200.
Sec. 7. And be it farther enacted, That the owner,
agent, or master shall, duiing the voyage, Iroiu the
tune of receiving the passengcis ou board, and in-
cluding the time of detention at any pla.ee before the
termination thereof, issue to each passenger, or,
where the passengers are divided into incites, to the
head man for the time being of each mess, ou behalf
and for the use of all the members thereof, an allow-
ance of pure waterand sweet and wholesome piovis-
10ns of good quality, as follows: daily, three quaits
of water to each passenger, exclusive ol rho quantity
herein specified as necessary for cooking purposes;
weekly, three and a half pounds of good ^Tavy bread,
one pound of wheat flour, one and a half pou.vls of
oat-meal, one and a half pounds of rice, one and a
half pounds of pease or beans, two pounds of pota-
toes, one and a quarter pounds of beef, one pound
of pork, two ounces of tea, one pound of Fiitrar, two
ounces of salt, one half an ounce of mu-taia, one
quarter of an ounce of ground black oi white peeper,
and one gill of vinegar. Substitutions iortholoie-
going articles of weekly allowance may be mail'' by
the master, as follows, namely: one pound of pie-
served meat for one pound of salt potk oi be<_l. one
pound of Hour or N.ivy bread, or one halt a pound
of pork or beef, for one and a quarter pound* ol oat-
meal, or one pound of rice, or one pound ol pease or
beans.; one pound of lice for ono and a quarter
pounds of oat-meal; and one and a quarter pounds
of oat-meal tor one pound of rice; three and a half
ounces ot cocoa, or ot colleo roasted a id giound, for
two ounces ot tea; throw quarters of a pound of
molasses for one half a pound of sugar; one gill of
mixed pickles for one gill of vinegar. And there
shall be issued to each passenger b< tween the United
States and any Asiatic port the following allowance
of provisions daily, three quarts of water; and
weekly, vegetables or fruit, fresh or dried, tine©
pounds; rice, bread. Hour, and taro, seven pounds;
fresh or salt meat and fish, two and three quarter
pounds; tea, one and a half ounces; China oil, three
fourths of a gill; butter, for cocking, three i'ourth3
of an ounce; vermicelli, two ounces. In addition
to such allowance of water to each passenger, the
master shall issue, lor cooking purposes, an addi-
tional supply of pure water alter the late of at
ten gallons for every one hundred passenger for
every day of the voyage; and hhall cause the lood
and provisions ot all the pasbeiigeis to be wed and
properly cooked daily, and to be served out and dis-
tributed to them at regular and stated horns, by
messes, or in sueh other manner as shall beueemea
be^t and most conducive to tho health and comtoit
of the pa^seugers. of which hours and manner oi
distribution due and sufficient notice soall be S'vep*
it the passengers on boaid any vessel e"^!A0,"-
carryingpassocgers, either between the Uniteci ot&tcs
