1222
TIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
I wish now to say a word in reference to the
argument which has been used by my colleague,
[Mr. Kelley.]_ He puts this case, not on the
ground of political relations, nor on-the ground
of commercial necessity, but merely upon the
general idea of propagandism. He holds that
we must spread our republican institutions or
ideas, in conformi ty with the Monroe doctrine,
all over this continent. In that view of the
case, I beg leave to say to my colleague that
he must find another class of people to be indoc-
tri nated upon these questions. He must settle
with a new race, one more akin to our own,
that vast portion of the continent of America,
it he desires to have the people there understand
what republican institutions are. There have
been large experiments in that direction in all
of those States ; and what have been the re-
sults? Have they republican governments?
Have they any governments at all except mere
dictatorships? What conception havethepeo-
ple there of the republican ideas upon which
this nation is founded? None. Aiid let me
say here, taking history and the experience of
the past as my guide upon this subject, that
you cannot impose upon that race of men or
upon any other a civilization that does not
belong to them, that is not evolved from the
very genius and character of the race itself.
That is my notion.
Mr. Chairman, if this were a ne.w question,
would any gentleman in this House, in the
present condition of those so-called republics,
vote a dollar of appropriation in this direction,
or consent to the establishment of missions of
this sort in those little States? They are not
republics. But, sir, they are now occupied
by decayed politicians. They are mere lazar
houses, or hospitals for that purpose. All
these gentlemen have their friends here; for
he is an unfortunate man who has not some
friends in the Congress of the United States.
Therefore I will consent when the vote is
taken, by way of dividing the aggregate force
of the friends of these embassadors, that the
vote shall be taken separately in regard to each
one of these several provinces.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask for
a vote on the amendment of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. MUNGEN. I rise to a question of
order. I wish to inquire whether it is in order
to strike out two words in line thirteen?
The CHAIRMAN. What are the words?
Mr. MUNGLN. Sandwich Islands.
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order.
Mr. MUNGEN. I move to strike out the
words "Sandwich Islands."
Mr. Chairman, I cannot for my life see how
my friend fiom Pennsylvania [Mr. Williams]
takes the position he does. He strikes down
the representatives to the.se republics and yet
favors.the keeping up a full diplomatic connec-
tion with the petty monarchy of the Sandwich
Islands. He -says you cannot force a repub
lican Government upon the mongrel people of
the Central American States and republics. I
am glad to know that the gentleman has been
converted to my ethnological views of the dis-
tinction in the human races. [Laughter.]
But, sir, jesting aside, I insist that the New
Granada ports are the most important ports
on this continent next to New York. It is in
importance second only to the port of New
York. Aspinwall has thirty steamers a month.
The gentlemen who represent the Pacific slope
and are interested in the trade of San I'ran-
cisco will tell you that New Granada is a most
important point to them in a commercial point
of view. 1 do not, therefore, understand why
we should not have a representative at New
Granada, as we have had before.
Mr. Chairman, it will not take more than
$50,000 to pay for all of these diplomatic rep-
resentatives to our sister American republics.
To refuse to appropriate it is like saving at a
gimlet-hole while it is running out at the bung;
It is a system of economy 1 am not in favor of.
It' we are to cut them off for San Salvador,
Guatemala, Ecuador, New Granada, the Ar-
gentine Confederation, and all the others, then
we ought, to be consistent, to cut off the Sand-
wich Islands, which is a monarchy represented
by Queen Emma or some other Hottentot. I
beg her Majesty's pardon.
The gentleman referred to the population of
Costa Rica. I venture the assertion it has a
greater population than the Sandwich Islands,
and that it is more valuable to our commercial
interests than are the Sandwich Islands. I know
we have a consul now to the Sandwich Islands,
at Honolulu, and I believe him to be a good
man, in a Pickwickian sense.
_ I agree that these smaller republics are occu-
pied by a mixed people. That should be no
objection to the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
In less than six months, by the efforts of his
party, we will have mixed races upon this
floor. We will have sand color, coffee color,
black, white, and all the other colors. But,
in justice to the people of these republics of
Central America, I must say they are far supe-
rior to the blacks we are now- asked to admit
to an equality with us. If we cannot force a
republican form of government upon the Cen-
tral American States, as the gentleman claims,
then why favor negro suffrage and equality at
the South, as well as on this floor, and in the
North? Why give suffrage in ourown country
to a far inferior race, while it is admitted that
the mixed and, as admitted, inferior races are
not capable of self government, or at least of
maintaining a republican form of government,
in Southern and Central American republics?
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. On the
principle that the gentleman favors the intro-
duction of the Celtic Irishman.
Mr. MUNGEN. The gentleman declared
in some remarks last July, in answer to my
ethnological remarks on the reconstruction bill,
that the Celts had never estabished a republic.
Let me call his attention to tho fact that the
republic of San Marino was Celtic; the Roman
republic was Celtic; Greece was Celtic; the
maritime Phoenicians were Celtic. All his-
tory contradicts him. Now, I want to know
where the Anglo-Saxon, as such, has ever
established a republic.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. In this
country.
Mr. MUNGEN. I claim they did not. When
the Declaration of Independence was pro-
nounced in this country the author of that
immortal instrument, Thomas Jefferson, was a
Colt. There was then in these Colonies the
Iberian Celt, the Cimbrian Celt, the Caledon-
ian Celt, the Irish Celt. They all combined with
some Anglo-Saxons against a Government, not
a republic, which boasts that, it was and is
Anglo-Saxon. There were gallant Celts, such
as McDonald 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MUNGEN. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. HIGBY. T renew it. There have been
several speeches made in reference, to this par-
agraph. Some gentlemen are in favor of strik-
ing out some countries and others for striking
out others, and in view of all the circumstances
I suggest that it would be as well for those who
are in favor of such strict economy to vote to
strike out the whole. But, as they do not seem
to agree as toany one of these missions, I think
it would be better for the committee to leave
them all in as they stand.
Now, sir, as regards the amendment offered
by thegentlemanfrom Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wil-
liams,] I wonder very much that a gentleman
of his information, ability, and position should
have made so sweeping a proposition as to
include the States of Nicaragua and New Gra-
nada. We who live on the Pacific coast can-
not go to our homes by the ocean except
through one of those countries. The whole
line of travel of our population to the Pacific
coast is through one or the other of those
countries; and yet by the amendment it is pro-
posed to cut off all political and commercial
relations with them through the diplomatic
department of our Government.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. If the
gentleman will allow me, he is mistaken if he
so understood me. I suggested that these
political embassies might be dispensed with and
commercial agencies substituted, which will
accomplish the whole object at a much smaller
expense.
Mr. HIGBY. Well, sir, I am utterly op-
posed to having any change made at this time
in the relations existing with those countries.
I think the better way is, as has been said
here this morning, that we keep up these rela-
tions with all the countries on this continent
as they have existed heretofore. They claim
to be republics. _ They are trying to pattern
after and to assimilate to «ur own Govern-
ment, and it is to help these people as well as
ourselves that we continue these relations. I
trust none of these amendments will be sus-
tained by the committee, but that we will leave
this paragraph as it comes from the Committee
on Appropriations. I hope we will not evis-
cerate this paragraph by amending it in any
particular.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise for
the purpose of opposing the amendment pro
forma; and now I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of closing debate.
Mr. NI BLACK. Before that I desire to ask
a question.
Mr. ROBINSON. I have been waiting for
the pending amendment to be disposed of for
the purpose of offering an amendment.
The motion of Mr. Washburne, of Illinois,
was agreed to—ayes 36, noes 19.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Wel-
ker reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to
order, had under consideration the state of
the Union generally, and particularly bill of
the House No. 718, making appropriations for
the consular and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year ending 30th June,
1869, and for other purposes, and had come to
no conclusion thereon.
Mr. ROBINSON. I raise the question of
order that the committee rose without a quo-
rum.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not de-
cide a question of order that arose in Commit-
tee of the Whole, when he does not preside.
He presumes what the chairman of the Com-
mittee of the Whole reports is correct.
Mr. ROBINSON. I desire, then, to know
what action is required to enable the chairman
of the Committee of the Whole to make a report
to the House?
The SPEAKER. If upon a vote on an
amendment there should not be a quorum
that amendment cannot be reported until there
shall be a quorum, and if necessary the roll
may be called and absentees sent for.
Mr. WxlSHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that when the House again resolves itself into
the Committee of the Whole all debate on the
pending paragraph be terminated in live min-
utes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. I now
move that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and proceed to the consideration of the
consular and diplomatic appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into the Com-
mittee of the \\ hole on the state of the LUiion
and resumed the consideration of the bill (H.
It. No. 718) making appropriations for the con-
sular and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending 30th June, 1809,and
for other purposes.
Mr. BROOKS. What is the state of the
question ?
The CHAIRMAN. The question ia on the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Williams.]
Mr. BROOKS. Before the question is taken
on that amendment I move to insert after
"Salvador" the words " Papal States.1'
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I shall
have to make a point of order on that amend-
