224&
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
establish what is known in our service at this
day as the apprentice system, picking up boys
along the coast and putting them upon oid
hulks, old sailing vessels, under the charge of
naval officers, where they are instructed in the
rudimentary branches of education, enlisting
them until they are twenty-one years of age,
preparing them for the performance of the
duties of petty officers on board ship; and in
order to encourage this class of young men to
enter the service we have said that ten of them
shall every year be taken from on board these
practice ships and be sent to the Naval Acad-
emy, there to be educated as officers.
The opinion of naval officers is that this sys-
tem has worked admirably. They do not de-
sire that it should be disturbed ; and the only
purpose I had in view in making this proposi-
tion to exclude the apprentices and boys—for
that is all there is involved in the whole pro-
position—was to save this system, to encourage
the education of this class of boys for tiie
naval and the commercial marine in the future.
Without this proposition, without any amend-
ment, if it had not been for my anxiety to ex-
clude the inference that the apprentices might
bo included in the number here fixed, the Sec-
retary of the Navy would have the authority
to enlist the eighty-five hundred men as lie had
before the war, and then under the law of 1809
he would have the authority to enlist boys.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They are specially men-
tioned here.
Mr. GRIMES. I say that the section was
drawn by myself. I drew this section.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is in the House bill.
Mr. GRIMES. I know it is in the House
bill, but it is in a Senate bill, too. This sec-
"tion was drawn by myself, introduced by me
in a bill into this body. The House took the
section out of that bili, changed the word "ex-
cluding " to "including," and put it on this
appropriation bill. That is the way it came
here. My only object in drafting it as I did
was to exclude the idea that these apprentices
were to be dispensed with or that we were
going to do away with that system.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. Piesident, if the
Senator from Iowa shall succeed, inadvertently
or otherwise, in impressing npon the Senate the
idea that it is part of anybody'sdesign to break
up the apprentice system, he will doubtless
give a damaging blow to the proposition to out
down the Navy. As T wish to reply to the
three suggestions that he has made, I coin-
m^KH: with this one, and beg the attention of
the Senate to the fact that there is now, accord-
ing to the statements of the chief of the proper
bureau, only nine hundred and sixteen ap-
prentices of all sorts in the Navy now upon a
war footing. I beg Senators to notice this,
that with the Navy as it stands, swollen by the
rebellion, according to this statement there are
now nine hundred and sixteen apprentices and
boys, and no more ; and the figures I beg to
give to the Senator, if he will allow, me ; I have
them here in detail.
Mr. GRIMES. Allow me to ask the Sena-
tor what he means by " a war footing."
Mr. CONKLING. I mean the Navy in-
creased as it has been and as it has remained
hitherto in consequence of the war.
Mr. GRIMES, Now, will the Senator per-
mit me to say to him that we have less guns
afloat to-day than we had before the rebellion?
Mr. CONKLING. I will permit the Sen-
ator to say that, of course, although I do not
see what relevancy it has to what I am saying.
Mr. GRIMES. It shows that it is not on a
war footing. During the war we had as many
as fifty thousand men.
Mr. CONKLING. I am aware that we had
more men during the war than we have now,
and I am aware also that the Navy now con-
sists actually of eleven thousand three hundred
and sixty seamen, to which I want to call atten-
tion in another connection, for it answers en-
tirely a suggestion made by the Senator from
Iowa; but, first of all, Mr. President, let us
get right about this apprentice matter. The
boys ou vessels in commission now are three
hundred and sixty-three; apprentices on ves-
sels in commission are one hundred and sixty-
one, making five hundred and twenty-four
apprentices and boys afloat in the service.
Then there are three hundred and ninety-two
apprentices on apprentice ships, making in all
nine hundred and sixteen apprentices and
boys. So tho Senate will see that if the Navy
is put precisely where it was before the war, at
seventy-six hundred, and we retain in the ser-
vice every boy and every apprentice, whether
actually in service or on an apprentice ship,
the sum total would be eighty-five hundred
and sixteen, just sixteen more than the House
of Representatives has allowed. Now, why
talk about breaking up the apprentice system ?
Everybody appreciates, though perhaps not
quite so well as the Senator from Iowa, the
importance of encouraging, of fostering the
apprentice system. Nobody proposes to inter-
fere with it; but the simple question is whether
the rank and file of the Navy was in truth
extensive enough before the war or whether it
is necessary to add to it. Now, let us examine
that question for one moment, Mr. President.
The Senator from Iowa says that the Navy
might before the war have been increased to
eighty-five hundred. So I say ; bat my point
was, that with that permission it had never
been found necessary to do any such thing.
Why does the Senator think it may be neces-
sary to do it now'? He supposes that we may
be called rtpon to send up to the banks of
Newfoundland a vessel or two vessels to pro-
tect the fishermen. Well, sir, I beg to ask him
and the Senate why can we not send them?
Is it necessary to enlist fresh men in order to
do that? Surely he will not contend that it is.
But what will his argument be? He will say,
"If we reduce this number to seventy-six hun-
dred men and an extraordinary emergency
should arise we shall then need them." Very
well, sir; I meet him upon that ground. We
have now eleven thousand and odd men in the
service, and it, is proposed to reduce them to
a certain point. If the reduction is made to
eighty-five hundred wo have all the men act-
ually on the pay-roll, whether we want them or
not; and if the proposition of the Senator be
correct, the true remedy would be to reduce
the actual number to seventy-five or seventy-
six hundred, and then provide that in case of
emergency more may be enlisted. But I ask
the Senator from Iowa whether, following his
lead, we are so far to distefft the argument as
to reduce the rank and file of the Navy to
eighty-five hundred and leave those men act-
ually in service, because some emergency might
arise which would make it necessary to enlist
that number in case the emergency should
arise? Wre now have a larger number than
this, and wo are taking steps, I repeat, to cut
down the number actually in service. When
the law he has read was adopted we were en-
listing men ; the Navy was on tho rising scale ;
and the question then was, in the case both of
the Army and the Navy, what should be the
maximum to which we might go.
Now, we are on the descending scale. We
have more than we propose to retain: we are
cutting them down ; and if we stop at eighty-
five hundred those are the men, not possibly
in service, but actually in service. There-
fore my point is—and 1 borrow the argument
of the Senator to show it—that in actual ex-
perience before the war seventy-six hundred, at
the highest point, was all that was necessary.
Let us then reduce the Navy to that, and. if
the Senator pleases, havea provision by which,
in case of emergency, it may go up to eighty-
five hundred, but do not let us, upon a peace
establishment, put in permanently so many
supernumeraries, knowing that they are super-
numeraries, to the end that should an emer-
gency arise we shall have them. It will be very
much like that woman who made so many
foolish purchases on the ground that it was so
handy to have them in the family in case they
should be wanted; but it is not the true sys-
tem of economy, and the Senator will not say
that it is.
Mr. President, if we agree with the House of
Representatives and make eighty-five hundred
the sum total of the Navy rank and fiie, and then
provide that every boy now in the service shall be
retained and every apprentice shall be retained,
and that the number of boys and apprentices
shall be kept up to the present number, then
we shall have every apprentice and boy that
we have now, and as large a Navy besides as
we ever had before the war. The question is
whether that is not enough. Will any Senator
rise and say that it was not enough before the
war, or will any Senator make an argument to
show that it is not to be enough hereafter ex-
cept upon some emergency which can be pro-
vided for at the time? I have heard no such
argument, and I venture to say that we shall
hear no such argument, because, upon a some-
what extensive consultation with the officers
and persons familiar with this subject, there
seems to be no practical answer to the sug-
gestion which I make.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. President,
I think the difficulty in this case arises from
the fact that the Committee on Appropriations
really had no adequate information which either
justified or authorized them in proposing any
reduction whatever. The Senate will see that
when the Committee on Appropriations under-
took to say, in addition to providing for the
payment of the service absolutely established
by law, what that service requires, they have
exceeded the bounds of their authority. That
is precisely the difficulty in this case; the
House of Representatives, in undertaking to
provide for the pay, &c., of the Navy, went one
step further and said they wonld reduce the
naval force of the country; and that was the
question presented to the Committee on Appro-
priations in the Senate. We found that, instead
of merely providing for the Navy proper as
established by law, there was mixed with that
question the question of reducing the Navy.
The first point for us to consider was to what
point is it practicable to reduce the Navy. On
that topic we had no information ; that is, no
information which authorized us to act with
precise accuracy. That subject of how much,
of what the naval service requires, is not a sub-
ject which properly belongs to the Committee on
Appropriations, and, therefore, we had no in-
formation which justified us in fixing the pre-
cise standard to which we could go, Then
what was the presumption on which we acted?
Wc said that as during the war the Navy had
been increased, if we could find the point which
existed anterior to the war perhaps it might
be presumed that it was safe to go back to that
period and go back to that standard.
Mr. HIiilS D RICKS. There is your mistake.
_ Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am onlv stat-
ing the theory which, in the absenco of facts,
influenced the committee.
Mr. JOHNSON. What was the limit before
the war ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. T will read what
it was before the war In 18-37, so recently as
that before the war, the Congress of the Uni-
ted States believed it was necessary to increase
the Navy, liovv much? 1 will read the provis-
ion : it js very brief;
'And the Secretary of the Now h* u •
ted States did deem it prope^a tiL of
-ace, that the iNavy should consist of eigh^
e hundred men. Now my honorable friend
■ m ISew York insists that we should "o back
of that, on what evidence? None at all - not the
;htest; no evidence which the Committee mi
appropriations had the right to consider •?, ,? ?
submit that we go back tf eighty-five 1inSj
men, only upon the presumption that, ii S
peace now, the demands of the servW g
greater than they were anterior to the war
the honorable Senator from Iowa f ^
the business of the comS£?;te,Tr.th
acts, tells you that the demands ofthP •
are more to-day than they
from the fact that you have changed th^S
