1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of your vessels and other considerations to
which lie has adverted. But, Mr. President,
the theory was that we would go back in fact
to the basis of that Navy anterior to the war.
Mr. GRIMES. I think that I can safely say
that no one of the members of the Committee
on Naval Affairs except myself is willing that
the Navy should be reduced to the limit lixed
by the House of Representatives, which I was
willing to agree to, from the investigation we
had.
Mr. CONKLING. Let me ask the Senator
from Iowa a question, as he is interrupting the
Senator from Maine. I beg to inquire of him'
whether he did not vote the other day ill the
Senate, and did lie not state, as we all did,
not that eighty-five hundred was in theory be-
fore the war the limit of the Navy, but that in
fact the rank and file of the Navy consisted of
that number of men? Was not that his im-
pression, as it was mine,when we adopted this
amendment in committee and discussed it in
Senate?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to say, in
regard to that, that we had no information as
to the actual number of men in the Navy; and
from the nature of the case it must always be
an uncertain standard. I probably spoke in-
accurately on that subject; but it was not my
intention to confine myself—nor did I have
that idea in my mind at the time I was discuss-
ing the subject—to the precise number of men
on the lists. I was thinking of the legal standard.
Mr. CONKLING. But did you not suppose
that the enlistments had actually gone as high
as that?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir; I think
not. I was not certain that I had not said that
or used language which justified that inference;
and so, while the honorable Senator was speak-
ing, I sent for the report, and I think I shall
be justified by the Senate, when I read the
report, in saying that I did not mislead the
Senate on that point.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Let me ask the Sen-
ator if eighty-five hundred, excluding the ap-
prentices, was not the number prior to the
war?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It was.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then, if we make it
inclusive, is not that a redaction from what
there was before the war?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly it is.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is the way I
understand it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
from Now York speaks of the matter of fact
that, although that was the legal standard, it
was not the standard in point of fact. I under-
stand that to be his argument.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That the quota was not
filled upV
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That the quota
was not filled up.
Mr. CONIvUNGr. My honorable friend
hardly means to answer the Senator from In-
diana what there was before the war exclusive
. of apprentices, because the apprentice system
was adopted after the war began. There was
nothing then but boys, powder-boys, as they
were called, except the rank and file. The
apprentice system is in addition to the peace
basis of the Navy, because it arose during the
war.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the Senator from
New York what the powder-boys did differently
from what the apprentices do?
Mr. CONKLING. They are distinct classes
altogether. The hoys and apprentices were
and are different. The young men who are
apprentices are a different class, both in age
and otherwise, from the powder-boys. They
may be eighteen years of age. They are intel-
ligent young men, as is implied by the statute,
which allows ten of them to go to the Naval
School—a different class of persons, with dif-
ferent pay, and a new description altogether,
from the powder-boys or powder-monkeys, as
they were sometimes called.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I did not know
but that I might have misled the Senate by
inaccuracy of expression, and that the hon-
orable Senator from New York was right in
saying that I had committed myself to the idea
of the actual number of men in the service
rather than the limit of the service itself; but
to show now that I did not I will read what I
said upon that subject when the question was
before the Senate on the former occasion:
" I ought, perhaps, to state to the Senate precisely
the efiect of this amendment, if I can get their atten-
tion for a moment. The bill asproposedby the com-
mittee, and .is it will stand with the amendment, is to
reduce the Navy down to the peace establishment
immediately preceding the war. I mean the iNavy
proper, rank and file, which was eighty-live hundred
effective men."
Mr. CONKLING. "Effective men."
Mr. CONNESS. Thatdoes not mean boys.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That means that
we were to go back to the old standard imme-
diately preceding the war. The only differ-
ence between the Senator from New York and
myself on that subject is that he says we ought
to go back to the actual number of men that
were in the Navy, and not to that standard
which was provided by law, assuming that the
actual number in the Navy was less than the
number provided for by law; and he thinks I
was committed to that in the remarks I made
the other day.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What standard did the
law provide for boys and for apprentices?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It provided just
this eighty-five hundred rank and file, and the
boys in addition. That is precisely what I
understand it provided for. The committee of
the Senate in its action undertook to preserve
that precisely, to say we will go back to eighty-
five hundred rank and file and the boys proper
in addition as explained by the Senator from
New York, and in addition to that the'appren-
tice boys who have been added under the policy
of Congress since the war began. That is
precisely the action of the committee.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to inquire whether
those boys can, in any manner, be regarded as
a part of the effective strength of the Navy?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir.
Mr. CONNESS. But they are regarded as
the means of supplying the ranks of the Navy?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Entirely.
Mr. CONNESS. Then why should they he
included iirthe proposed reduction at all ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The committee
did not say that they should be : and we have
acted on the idea that they ought not to be;
but the Senator from New York thinks that
they ought to be included, and being included
it will not reduce the rank and file so much.
Mr. CONNESS. Now, Mr. President, I
desire to ask the exact form of the pending
proposition?
•Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
will allow me to explain, I believe I can.
Mr. CONNESS. Certainly; that is pre-
cisely what I want.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Following the
recommendation of the committee, the Senate
the other day struck out of the second section
of the bill as it came from the House of Repre-
sentatives the word "including," by which it
will be seen that the boys were included in the
number of rank and file of the effective force.
The committee of the Senate, to obviate that,
and to have the boys outside of and in addition
to the number of the effective force, recom-
mended that the word "including" should be
stricken out, and the word " excluding" in-
serted, and it was done.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 understand that, then, to
be the report of the committee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir; and
then the committee also reported the proviso
at the end of the section, which is the amend-
ment now under consideration, that the num-
ber of boys and apprentices shall never exceed
twelve hundred and fifty, so that if the action
of the committee is adopted your Navy will
stand eighty-five hundred effective men with a
certain number of boys and apprentices added,
but never to exceed twelve hundred and filly
in the whole, and according to the statement
of the Senator from New York at the present
moment they amount to nine hundred and sis!*
teen. If, then, the bill passes in this shape,
you will have precisely the force you had ante-
rior to the war, and which was provided for by
the act of 1857, with a certain number of boya
and apprentices added, but in no instance to
go beyond twelve hundred and fifty.
Mr. CONNESS. Now, I understand the
pending question to be on adding to the section
a proviso that the number of apprentices and
boys shall not exceed twelve hundred and fifty.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir; that
is the pending proposition.
Mr. CONNESS. Is there any objection to
that ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes. _ ' _
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to inquire whether
it is in order to move to strike out the word
" eight" and insert the word " seven" in line
five of the second section, so that the sense
of the Senate may be taken upon the question
whether the Navy shall be increased as it stood
in fact before the war. If that motion is in
order, I will make it before we vote on this
other proposition ; and if it prevails, it will
have the effect of making the Navy as it was
before and adding this number of apprentices
to it. I will move that amendment now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Is that in order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment now pending must first be determined.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well; I
hope we shall vote on that.
Mr. CONKLING. I will withhold this
amendment until we vote on the pending prop-
osition.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
then in order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
to point out to the Senate the precise provis-
ions of the apprentice enlistment bill so that we
may know whether the apprentices before that
time were included within the maximum of
enlistments previously permitted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think that act
is not at hand. I am not perfectly familiar
with it. I think the act adding apprentices was
in 1863, so that they must have been in addi-
tion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am not able to find it.
Mr. GRIMES. I have before me one of the
acts authorizing the enlistment of boys.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is there any aet author-
izing boys since 1837?
Mr. GRIMES. The apprentice act.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is what I want to
see. Will my friend from Maine read the act
referred to by the Senator from Iowa, if he
has it before him 1
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is—
" That it shall be lawful to enlist boys for the Navy,
with the consent of their parents or guardians, not
being under thirteen nor over eighteen years of age,
to serve until they shall arrive at the age of twenty-
one years."
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is the act of 1837.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then came the act of
1857, which increased the number of men in
the Navy to so much. Now, what I want to
get at is, whether the act of 1837, permitting
the enlistment of boys, under the previously
existing enlistment laws, did not, so far as
enlistment goes, put them upon precisely the
same footing as the men. That is a term whitli
would include male persons of all ages whom
the law permitted to be enlisted, just as in the
Army persons under twenty-one years of age
are permitted to be enlisted ; but in the legal
common-law sense they are boys, and in fact
all men in the Army, when th'ey are invited to
fight, are addressed, " eomeon, boys," or more
frequently, perhaps, "go on, boys."
Therefore, Mr. President, it is far from being
clear yet that the aet of 1857, which increased
the force of the Navy from seventy-five hun-
dred to eighty-five hundred, did not include
within its limit, of eighty-five hundred whatever
persons, whether they were boys or men, the
