1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3271
during the voyage, with his opinion of the cause of
the mortality, it any, and if none, what precaution-
ary measures, arrangements, 01* habits are supposed
to have been instrumental in causing'the exemption,
and such other information as the Secretary of the
'.Treasury may pre&cii'oe, and shall quarter-yearly
forward copies of the manifest or list ot passengers
herein provided to the Secretary of State of the
United States, by whom statements of the same sha-il
he laid beiore Congress. TheSecretary of the Treas-
ury shall make such rules and regulations, and cause
to be made such special examinations into the prac-
tical operation of this act, and of the* efficiency of
the officers acting thereunder, as he may consider
.necessary; and the expensesmcurredin making such
examinations shall be paid out of any money in the
treasury of the United States not otherwise appro-
priated.
Sec. 21. And be it further enacted. That the amount
of the* several penalties imposed by the provisions
of this act upon the owner, agent, or master, shall
be liens on the vessels in the employment of which
such provisions shall bo violated, and such vessels
may bo libeled theiefor in any circuit court or dis-
trict court of the United States within the jurisdic-
tion of which they shall arrive.
Sec. 22. And be it jurther enacted, That all the pen-
alties imposed by the provi&ions of this act may be
sued for and recovered in the name of the United
States, in the district courtor circuit court, or before
a commissioner of either of said couits within the
jurisdiction of which the offense shall have been
committed, or in which the offender may come. One
half of such penalties when recovered, unless other-
wise provided, shall be to the use of theinformer. and
one half to the use of the United States. Such pen-
alties may also be recovered in an action of debt, by
any person who will sue therefor in any court of the
"United States. But nothing hereinsfcall preventthe
recovery of such penalties in any other iorm of legal
proceedings known to the law and its practice in the
respective States.
Sec. 23. And be it further enacted, That every mas-
ter shall keep posted during the entire voyage in a
conspicuous place in each compartment, and in the
forecastle, at least one copy of a synopsis of the pro-
visions of this act, printed in English, French, and
German, to be prepared by the Sccretaiy of the
Treasury, and supplied m sufficient quantities to the
consular officers, and collectors of customs of the
United States, who shall, 011 the application of any
master tor the ceitilicate required by the eighteenth
section of this act, furnish such master with four
sets of the synopsis aloresaid. For every violation
of this section such master, or the owneror owners
of such vessel, shall, upon conviction thereof, incur
a penalty of $500, and if it shall appear by the ex-
amination to be made by the collector of the customs,
as provided in the twentieth section of this act, that
the requirements of this section have not been com-
plied with, it is hereby made the duty of such col-
lector to institute suit in the proper court for the
recovery of the penalty herein specified: Provided,
That a ceitificate fioiii such consul or consular officer
of the United States to the effect that he was not. at
the time of the application aforesaid, in possession
of such synopsis of ,"he provisions of tlrs act, shall
exempt such mastcJ or owner or owners of such
vessel from liability to the penalty imposed by this
section. , . ,
Sec.24. And be it further enacted, Thatthisactshall
take effect within thirty days from the time of its
approval; and it is hereby made the duty of the
Secretary of State to give notice in the ports of
Europe, and elsewhere, of this acc.in such manner as
he shall deem proper.
Sec. 25. And be it further enacted, That whenever
any damage is sustained by any passenger in his or
lier per&ou, or by injury to his or her baggage after
he or she shall have embarked in a vessel, either by
dereliction of duty or non-observance of the provis-
ions of this act on the part of the owner, agent, mas-
ter, or other employe 011 board the vessel, tho owner,
agent, or master shall be liable to the full amount
of damage to every persons so injured or his or her
legal representatives, and in any action on the part
of a passenger for damages it shall not be a defense
that the party injured consented to the act or acts
complained of or took passage with the knowledge
of them. ,
Sf<:c. 26. And be it further enacted, Thatall acts and
paits of acts inconsistent with the provisions ot this
act be, and the sameare hereby, repealed. Butsu-cn
repeal shall not effect any security given before this
act takes effect, anything done before this act takes
effect, any liability accruing before this act takes
effect, any fine, penalty, forfeiture, or other punish-
ment incurred, or to be incurred, in respect to any
offense committed before this act takes effect, or any
legal proceeding or other remedy for enforcing or
recovering any such liability, penalty, forfeiture, or
punishment as aforesaid: and such repeal shall re-
vive no act heretofore repealed.
Miscellaneous Provisions.
Sec 27 And be it further enacted. That for the pur-
poses of this act the following words and expressions,
whenever they ocoui, shall respectively have thelol
lowing signification,if notinconsistent with tho con-
text or subject-matter; that is to say:
" Passengers " shall include all passengers except
cabin passengers and infants less than one year old;
and 110 person fchnll be deemed cabin passengers un-
less the space allotted to his or her exclusive use
sli,ill be in the proportion of at least thirty-six clear
superficial feet of deck to each statute adult, nor un-
less thev shall be mossed throughout the voyage at
the same table with the master or first officer ot the
ship.
"Statute adult" shall signify and include onopas-
senger over twelve years of age, or two passengers
under twelve years of age.
"Single male"shall signify a male passenger over
twelve years of age, Unmarried or unaccompanied by
his wife.
" Single female" shall signify and include a female
passenger over twelve years of age, unmarried or
unaccompanied by her husb<£nd.
" Owner''shall signify and include the owner or
charterer of.a " vessel" herein described.
"Master" shall signify the person who shall be
borne 011 the ship's articles as master, or who, other
than a pilot, sball for the time being' be in charge or
command of a vessel.
" Agent" shall signify and include a consignee and
any person, other than the master, authorized to act
for the owner in matters relating to the passage con-
tract.
"Vessel" shall signify every description of sea-
going vessel, domestic or foreign, propelled other-
wise than by oars, and employed in the carriage of
passengers upon any voyage to which the provisions
of this act extend.
" Main deck"' shall signify the deck in a vessel
immediately beneath the upper or spar deck; the
"second deck" shall signify the deck immediately
beneath the "main deck;" and the third deck, not
being an orlop deck, shall signify the deck imme-
diately beneath the second deck.
" Compartment" shall signify a space on a vessel
011 any proper deck, kept freeof cargo or stores, for
the exclusive use and occupation of passengers,
extending fore and aft to a substantial bulkhead,
built athwartships and firmly attached to the side of
the vessel, and having suitable means of ready com-
munication with the upper deck.
"Voyage" shall signify and include a voyage of
any such vessel, with passengers on board, from a
foreign territory to the United States, or from the
United States to a foreign territory.
Unless othei wise expressed or required by thecon-
text, any word or expression hereinbefore defined, or
other matter not expressed, and requisite in any par-
ticular enactment herein to carry out tho purposes
of this act, shall lie supplied on construction.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed severally without amendment bills and
joint resolutions of the following titles :
Joint resolution _(H. R. No. 44) relative to
the sale of the marine hospital at Evansville,
Indiana;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 246) directing
the Secretary of State to present to George
Wright, master of the British brig, J. and G.
Wright, it gold chronometer, in appreciation of
his personal services in saving the lives of three
American seamen, wrecked at sea on board ot
the American schooner Lizzie F. Choate, of
Massachusetts;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 268) for the
relief of Robert L. Lindsay ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1120) to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to change the names
of certain vessels ; and
A bill (H. R- No. 1218) appropriating money
to sustain the Indian commission and carry
out treaties made thereby.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed severally with an amend-
ment, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested, bills of the following titles :
A bill (II. R. No. 538) to extend the bound-
aries of the collection district of Philadelphia
so as to include the whole consolidated city of
Philadelphia;
Abill(H. R.No. 861) relating to the Supreme
Court; and
A bill (H. R. No. 198) to reestablish the
boundaries of the collection districts of Michi-
gan and Michilimackmac, and to change the
names of the collection districts of Michili-
mackinac and Port Huron.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed the following Senate bills
and jointresolutions, in which the concurrence
of the House was requested:
An act (S. No. 861) for the relief of D. H.
Macdonald, late acting United States consul
at Capetown:
An act (S. No. 472) supplementary to an
act entitled " An act to allow the United
States to prosecute appeals and writs of error
without giving security
An act (S. No. 538) to establish Cambridge,
in the State of Maryland, a port of delivery ;
An act (S. No. 153) to establish a collection
district in the State of Oregon ;
An act (S, No. 303) for the relief of P. R.
Parrott;
An act (S. No. 442) to amend section one
of an act to prevent and punish frauds upon
the revenue, and for other purposes, approved
March 3, 1863 ;
An act (S. No. 542) for relief of Thomas
W. Ward, late collector of customs, district
of Corpus Christi, Texas ;
Joint resolution (S. No. 113) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue an American
register to the British-built brig Highland Mary;
Joint resolution (S. No. 36) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue an Amer-
ican register to the bark Aug. Guardien ;
Joint resolution (S. No. 147) for the relief
of Jonathan S. Turner ;
An act (S. No. 505) to amend section five
of ail act entitled "An act concerning the
registering .and recording of ships or vessels,"
approved December 31, 1792 ;
'An act (S. No. 209) to incorporate the
Evening Star newspaper; and
An act (S. No. 204) to provide for tho
appointment of a supervising surgeon of the
marine hospitals of the United States.
COMMITTEE ON ENROLLED BILLS.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to state
to the House that all the members of the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills are absent, and the
Chair will, therefore, if there be no objection,
appoint two additional members of the com-
mittee.
There was no objection ; and
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Wilson, of
Ohio, and Mr. Golladay additional members
of the Committee on Enrolled Bills.
leave op absence.
By unanimous consent indefinite leave of
absence was granted to Mr. Clarke, of Ohio,
after Monday next, on account of indisposition,
LEAVE TO PllINT.
By unanimous consent leave was granted to
Mr. Mcllixs to print some remarks on the
bill relieving R. R. Butler from disabilities.
[See Appendix. ]
river and harbor bill.
Mr. EGGLESTON. When the bill now
before the House is disposed of, the river and
harbor bill will come up. It has been sug-
gested by my colleagues on the Committee on
Commerce, and by those who are opposed to
some portions of the bill, that we should fix on
Tuesday next, or some day early next week, for
final action on that bill, as some of those inter-
ested in its discussion wish to leave the city
to-night. I therefore suggest to my colleague
on the committee, [Mr. Eliot,] who has the
bill in charge, that he make a motion to post-
pone, if he sees fit to do so.
Mr. ELIOT. From the best information I
can obtain I think the probability is that we
shall have the tax bill upon ua before it would
be possible to mature the river and harbor bill,
and by the rule of the House itwill then become
necessary for us to enter on the consideration
of that bill. I do not object to the suggestion
made by my colleague on the committee to
postpone the river and harbor bill until Tues-
day next, with the understanding that it shall
be considered immediately after the tax bill is
disposed of.
Mr. SPALDING. That will not do. There
are other bills waiting to come in. I object.
Subsequently Mr. Spalding withdrew his
objection, and the bill (H. R. No. 1046) mak-
ing appropriations for the repair, preservation,
and completion of certain public works, and
for other purposes, was postponed until lues-
day next after the morning hour.
immigrant ships.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill (II. R. No. 1100) to amend an act entitled
"An act to regulate the carriage of passen-
gers in steamships and other vessels, ana tor
other purposes.'
