THE C0HGEE8SI0MM, GLOBE.
son authorized McClintook Young to take
charge of the Department of the Treasury until
a successor to Mr. Taney, resigned, should be
appointed.
On the 5th of July, 1834, President Jackson
appointed John Boyle, chief clerk of the Navy
Department, to be acting Secretary of the
Navy during the absence of the Secretary.
On the 8th of July, 1834, President Jackson
authorized Asbury Dickins, chief clerk of the
Department of State, to perform the duties of
Secretary of State in case of the death, absence
from the seat of Government, or sickness of
the Secretary of State " during my absence."
On , President Jackson authorized
John Forsyth to discharge the duties of Secre-
tary of War during the absence of the Secre-
tary.
On the —  -, President Jackson au-
thorized M. Dickerson to discharge the duties
of Secretary of War during the absence of the
Secretary.
On the 8th of May, 1884, President Jackson
appointed Mahlon Dickerson acting Secretary
ot' War during the absence of the Secretary.
On the 11th of October, 1834. President
Jackson appointed Asbury Dickins, chief clerk
of the Department of State, to act as Secretary
of State during the absence of that officer from
the seat of Government.
On the 10th of January, 1835, President
Jackson authorized Mahlon Dickerson, Secre-
tary of the Navy, to perforin the duties of
Secretary of War during the illness of that
officer.
On the 2d of May, 1835, President, Jackson
authorized Asbury Dickins to perform the
duties of Secretary of State during the absence
of Mr. Forsyth from the seat of Government.
On the 7th of May, 1835, President Jackson
appointed John Boyle, chief clerk of the Navy
Department, to aet as Secretary of the Navy
during the absence of Mr. Dickerson from the
seat of Government.
On the 18th of May, 1835, President Jack-
son appointed Carey A. Harris to aet as Sec-
retary of War during the absence of the Sec-
retary.
On the 0th of July, 1835, President Jackson
appointed Asbury Dickins to -act as Secretary
of State daring the absence of Mr. Forsyth.
On the 1st of July, 1835, President Jackson
designated McClintock Young to perform the
duties of Secretary of the Treasury "at any
periods of absence by the present Secretary
during the ensuing months."
On the 31st of August, 1835, President Jack-
son authorized Asbury Dickins to act as Sec-
retary of State during the absence of Mr. For-
syth from the seat of Government.
On the 28th of September, 1835, President
Jackson authorized Asbury Dickins to act as
Secretary of State during the absence of Mr.
Forsvlh from the seat of Government.
On the 20th of October, 1835, President
Jackson empowered McClintock Young to per-
form the duties of Secretary of State "while
the present Secretary is absent from the city
of Washington."
On the 23d of October, 1835, C. A. Harris
was appointed by President Jackson to act as
Secretary of War daring the temporary ab-
sence of the Secretary.
On April 21), 1S3G, C. A. Harris was ap-
pointed by President Jackson to act as Secre-
tary of War during the temporary absence of
the Secretary.
On the 27th of May, 1836, President Jackson
authorized C. A. Harris to act as Secretary of
War during the temporary absence of the
Secretary.
On the 7th of July, 183G, President Jackson
empowered Asbury Dickins, chief clerk of the
Department of State, to act as Secretary of
State " in case of the death, absence from the
seat of Government, or inability of the Secre-
tary during my absence from the seat of Gov-
ernment."
On the 9th of July, 183G, President Jackson
appointed John Boyle, chief clerk of the Navy
Department, to discharge the duties of Secre-
tary of the Navy during the absence of Mahlon
Dickerson, Secretary, from the seat of Gov-
ernment.
On the 18th of July, 1830, President Jackson
authorized 0. A. Harris to act as Secretary of
War during the temporary absence of that
officer from the seat of Government.
On the 8th of September, 1830, President
Jackson authorized C. A. Harris to aet as
Secretary of War during the temporary ab-
sence of that officer from the seat of Govern-
ment.
On the 5th of October, 1836, President Jack-
son authorized C. A. Harris to act as Secre-
tary of War during the temporary absenee 'of
that officer from the seat of Government.
On the 25th of October, 1830, President Jack-
son authorized Benjamin F. Butler, Attorney
General, to act as Secretary of War, that office
having become vacant, until the vacancy should-
be filled.
On the 28th of June, 1837, President Yan
Buren authorized Aaron O. Dayton, chief
clerk of the Department of State, to discharge
the duties of Secretary of State during the
temporary absence of that officer from the seat
of Government.
On the 20th of October, 1837, President Van
Buren authorized McClintock Young to dis-
charge the duties of Secretary of the Treasury
"whenever that officer may be absent from the
seat of Government."
On the 27th of October, 1837, President Van
Buren authorized John Boyle, chief clerk of
the Navy Department, to act as Secretary
of the Navy during the absence of the Sec-
retary.
On the 21st of July, 1838, President Van
Buren authorized John Boyle, chief clerk of
the Navy Department, to act as Secretary
of the Navy during the absence of the Sec-
retary.
On the 1st of July, 1838, President Van
Buren authorized McC. Young to act as Sec-
retary of the Treasury during the absence of
the Secretary, and in case of the illness or
absence of Mr. Young, Samuel McICean to
perform the duties.
On the 21st of July, 1838, President Van
Buren authorized Aaron Vail, chief clerk of
the Department of State, to discharge the func-
tions of Secretary of State "in the event of
the absence of the Secretary from the seat of
Government."
On the 6th of October, 1838, President Van
Buren authorized John Boyle, chief clerk of
the Navy Department, to act as Secretary of
the Navy during the absenfie of the Secretary.
On the 24th of April, 1830, President Van
Buren authorized McClintock Young toper-
form the duties of Secretary of the Treasury
during the absenee of the Secretary.
On the 8tli of June, 1839, President Van
Buren authorized Aaron Vail, chief clerk of the
State Department, to act as Secretary of State
during the absence of the Secretary from the
seat of Government.
On the 15th of June, 1839, President Van
Buren authorized McClintock Young to act as
Secretary "in the event of the sickness or ab-
sence of Levi Woodbury between this date
and the 10th of October next."
On the 28th of August, 1840, President Van
Buren authorized J. L. Martin, chief clerk of
the Department of State, to perform the duties
of Secretary of State during the absence of
that officer from the seat of Government.
On the 10th of October, 1840, President Van
Buren authoiized J. L. Martin, chief clerk of
the Department of State to perform the duties
of Secretary of State during the absenee of
that officer from the scat of Government.
On the 3d of March, 1811, President Van
Buren appointed McClintock Young, chief
clerk of the Treasury Department, to perform
temporarily the duties of Secretary of the
Treasury until a successor to Mr. Woodbury,
resigned, should be sworn into office according
to law.
On the 19th of March-, 1841, President Har-
rison appointed John D. Simms acting'Secre-
tary of the Navy during the absence of the
Secretary from- the seat of Government.
On the 27th of April, 1841, President Tyler-
appointed Daniel Fletcher-Webster, chief clerk
of the Department of State, to perform the
duties of Secretary of State in the absence of
that officer from the seat of Government
On the 13th of September, 1841', President
Tyler appointed McClintock Youngto^perform'
the duties of Secretary of the Treasury until a
successor to Mr. Ewing, late Secretary, should
be appointed, qualified, andenterupon thedis-
charge of the duties of head of the Treasury
Department.
On the 20th of October, 1841, Presiden-t
Tyler appointed William S. Derrick to perform
the duties of acting Secretary of State during
the absenee of Daniel Fletcher Webster, "now
performing those duties," from the seat of
Government.
On the 30th of October, 1841, President-
Tyler appointed McClintock Young acting Sec-
retary of the Treasury.
On the 14th of December, 1842, President
Tyler appointed McClintock Young to perform
the duties of Secretary of the Treasury during
the absence of Hon. Walter Forward from the
city of Washington.
On the 30th of June, 1842, President Tyler
appointed McClintock Young to perform the
duties of Secretary of the Treasury during the
absenee of Hon. Walter Forward from the city
of Washington.
On the 20th of July, 1842, President Tyler
appointed McClintock Young to perform the
duties of Secretary of the Treasury during the
sickness of Hon. Walter Forward.
On the 1st of November, 1842; President-
Tyler appointed McClintock Young to perform
the duties of Secretary of the Treasury during
the absence of Hon. Walter Forward from the
city of Washington.
On the 1st of March, 1848, President Tyler
appointed McClintock Young to aet as Secre-
tary of the Treasury until a successor to Mr.
Forward should be appointed and enter upon
the discharge of his duties.
On the 7th of June, 1842, President Tyler
appointed McClintock Young to perform the
duties of Secretary of the Treasury " during
the abseuce of the Secretary after the 8th in-
stant."
On the 9th of May, 1843, President Tyler
appointed Hugh S. Legar6 to act as Secretary
of State until a successor to Mr. Webster, late
Secretary of Stale, should be appointed, quali-
fied, and enter on the discharge of the duties.
On the 8th of June, 1843, President Tyler
appointed William S. Derrick to perform the
duties of Secretary of State during the absence
of Mr. Legare, acting Secretary.
On the 24th of June, 1843. President Tyler
appointed Abel P. Upshur Secretary of State
ad interim until a successor should be ap-
pointed.
On the 31st of May, 1843, President Tvler
appointed Samuel Hume Porter acting Secre-
tary of War during the absence of the Secre-
tary.
On the 17th of August, 1843, President Tyler
appointed William S. Derrick acting Secre-
tary of State during the absence of A. P. Up-
shur from the seat of Government,
| On the 28th of August, 18-13, President
1 Tyler (John C. Spencer, Secretary of the
1 Treasury, "intending to be absent from the
1 seat of Government on and after the 29th in-
i stant for two weeks") appointed McClintock
' Young to aet as Secretary of the Treasury
| " during such period, should the Secretary be
! so long absent."
I On the 29th of February, 1844, President
i Tyler appointed John Nelson, Attorney Gen-
! eral, Secretary of State ad interim until a suc-
I cessor to Mr. Upshur should be appointed,
j On the 2d of May, 1844, President Tyler
I appointed McClintock Young to perform the
duties of Secretary of the Treasury until a sac-
