190
SUPPLEMENT TO
eessor to J. C. Spencer should be appointed
and qualified.
On the '28th of September, 1844, President
Tyler appointed Richard K. Cralle acting Sec-
retary of State during the absence of John C.
Calhoun from the seat of Government.
On the 2d of April, 1845, President Polk
appointed John Y. Mason, Attorney General,
to be Secretary of State ad interim during the
temporary absence of James Buchanan, Sec-
retary of that Department, from the seat of
Government.
On the 4th of August, 1845, President Polk
appointed John Y. Mason, Attorney General,
to be acting Secretary of State during the tem-
porary absence of Mr. Buchanan from the seat
of Government.
On the 31st of March, 1846, President Polk
appointed Nicholas P. Trist to be acting Sec-
retary of State during the absence of Mr.
Buchanan from the seat of Government.
On the 2d of September, 1840, President
Polk appointed Nicholas P. Trist to be acting
Secretary of State during the absence of Mr.
Buchanan from the seat of Government.
On the 7th of October, 1840, President Polk
appointed McClintock Young to perform the
duties of Secretary of the Treasury during the
absence from the city of Robert J. Walker,
Secretary of the Treasury.
On the 4th of March, 1847, President Polk
appointed Nicholas P. Trist acting Secretary
of State during the absence of Mr. Buchanan
from the seat of Government.
On the 31st of March, 1817, President Polk
appointed Nicholas P. Trist acting Secretary
of State during the absence of Mr. Buchanan
from the seat of Government.
On the 4th of August, J847, President Polk
appointed William S. Derrick to be acting Sec-
retary of State during the absence of Mr. Bu-
chanan from the seat of Government.
Oil the 22d of June, 1817, President Polk
appointed .lohn Y. Mason, Secretary of the
Navy, to be acting Secretary of State during
the absence of Mr. Buchanan, " to take effect
the liSth instant,."
On the 21st of July, 1817, President Polk
appointed McClintock Young to perform the
duties of Secretary of the 'Treasury during the
absence from the seal of Government of Rob-
ert J. Walker, "he intending to be absent after
the 22d instant."'
On the 15th of October, 1817, President
Polk appointed McClintock Young to perform
the duties appertaining to the otliee of Secre-
tary of the Treasury during the absence of
Robert J. Walker.
On the 9th of December, 1817, President
Polk appointed McClintock Young to perform
the duties appertaining to the office ol Secre-
tary of the Treasury during the sickness of
Robert J. Walker.
On the 10th of April, 18-18, President Polk
appointed John Appleton, chief clerk of the
State Department, to be acting Secretary of
Stale during the absence of the Secretary from
the seat of Government.
On the 2Cth of May, 1818, President Polk
appointed Archibald Campbell, chief clerk of
the War Department, to be acting Secretary of
War during the temporary absence of the Sec-
retary from the seat of Government.
On the 17th of August, 1818, President Polk
appointed McClintock Young lo act as Secre-
tary of the Treasury during the temporary
absence of Secretary Walker'from the seal of
Government.
Oil the 2d of September, 1818, President
Polk appointed Isci&c J'oucoy Attorney Gpti-
oral, to aet as Secretary of State during the
temporary absence of the Secretary.
Vi" tlle of September, 1848", President
1 oik appointed John Y. Mason, Secretary of
the Navy, to act as Secretary of War during
the temporary absence ot the Secretary.
9,u ^ie November, 1848, President
1 oik appointed Isaac Toueey acting Secretary
of State during the temporary absence of Mr.
Buchanan from the seat of Government.
On the 6th of March, 1849, President Taylor
appointed McClintock Young to aet as Secre-
tary of the Treasury until a successor to Mr.
Walker should be duly appointed.
On the 8th of March, 1849, President Taylor
appointed Reverdy Johnson, Attorney General,
to act as Secretary of War during the tempo-
rary absence of the Secretary from the seat of
Government.
Onthe 1st of October, 1849, President Taylor
appointed William S. Derrick, chief clerk of
the Department of State, to act as Secretary of
State in the absence of the Secretary.
On the 8th of October, 1849, President Tay-
lor appointed John D. MePherson acting Sec-
retary of War during the temporary absence
of Mr. Crawford "for the ensuing ten days."
On the 20th of June, 1850, President Taylor
appointed John McGinnis, chief clerk of the
Treasury Department, to act as Secretary ofthe
Treasury during the absence of the Secretary
from Washington.
On the 23d of July, 1850, President Fill-
more appointed Major General Winfield Scott
Secretary of War ad interim, during the vacancy
occasioned by the resignation of George W.
Crawford.
On the 4th of October, 1850, President Pill-
more appointed WilliamS. Derrick, chiefclerk
of the State Department, to be acting Secretary
of State during the temporary absence of Mr.
Webster from the seat of Government.
On the 23d of December, 1850, President
Fillmore appointed William S. Derrick, chief
clerk of the State Department, to be acting
Secretary of State, during the temporary ab-
sence of Mr. Webster from the seat of Govern-
ment.
On the 1st of March, 1851, President Fill-
more appointed William L. llodge to bo acting
Secretary of the Treasury ad interim during
the illness of the Secretary.
On the 3]st of March, 1851, President Fill-
more appointed William S. Derrick, chief clerk
ofthe Department of State, to be acting Secre-
tary of State during the absence of Mr. Web-
ster.
On the 10th of May, 1851, President Fill-
more appointed William S. Derrick, chief clerk
of the Department of State, to be acting Secre-
tary of State during the absence of Mr. Web-
ster.
On the 13th of May, 1851, President Fill-
more appointed C. M. Conrad, Secretary of
War, to be acting Secretary of the Navy ad
interim during the absence of the Secretary.
On the Kith of June, 1851, President Fill-
more appointed William L. Hodge, Assistant
Secretary, to act as-Secretary of the Treasury
during the absence ofthe Secretary.
On the 20th of June, 1851, President Fill-
more appointed William S. Deirick, chief
clerk ofthe Department of State, to be acting
Secretary of State during the temporary ab-
sence of Mr. Webster.
On the 11th of July, J851, President Fill-
more appointed Charles M. Conrad, Secretary
ol War, to act as Secretary ofthe Navy during
the temporary absence of Mr. Graham from
the seat of Government.
On the 14th of July, 1851, President Fill-
more appointed William S. Derrick, chief
clerk of the Department of State to be acting
Secretary of State during the absence of Mr.
Webster.
On the 4th of August, 1851, President Fill-
more appointed W. A. Graham, Secretary of
the Navy, to be acting Secretary of War dur-
ing the temporary absence of Mr. Conrad.
On the 4th of August, 1851, President Fill-
more appointed William L. Hodge to act as
Secretary of the Treasury during the absence
of the Secretary.
On the 3d of August, 1851, Piesident Fill-
more appointed W. A. Graham, Secretary of
the Navy, to be acting Secretary of the In-
terior during the absence of Secretary A. H.
IT. Stuart from the city.
On the 13th of September, 1851, President
Fillmore appointed William A. Graham, Sec-
retary of the Navy, to act as Secretary of War
during the absence of that Secretary.
On the 13th of September, 1851, President
Fillmore appointed William L. Hodge acting
Secretary of the Treasury during the absence
of the Secretary.
On the 22d of September, 1851, President
Fillmore appointed Major General Winfield
Scott acting Secretary of War during the tem-
porary absence of the Secretary.
On the 25th of September, 1851, President
Fillmore appointed John J. Crittenden, Attor-
ney General, to perform the duties of Secre-
tary of State until the return to the seat of Gov-
ernment of Daniel Webster, Secretary of State.
On the 26th of November, 1851, President
Fillmore appointed William L. Hodge to act as
Secretary ot the Treasury until the return of
Secretary Corwin.
On the 20th of February, 1852, President
Fillmore appointed William S. Derrick, chief
clerk of the Department of State, acting Sec-
retary of State in the absence of Mr. Webster.
On the 21st of February, 1852, President
Fillmore appointed William L. Hodge to be
acting Secretary of the Treasury in the ab-
sence of Secretary Corwin.
On the 1st of March, 1852, President Fill-
more appointed William L. Hodge acting Sec-
retary of the Treasury in the absence of Sec-
retary Corwin.
On the 19th of March, 1852, President Fill-
more appointed William Hunter acting Sec-
retary of State in the absence of Mr. Webster.
On the 20th of April, 1852, President Fill-
more appointed William L. Hodge acting Sec-
retary ofthe Treasury during the indisposition
of Secretary Corwin.
On the 2d of November, 1850, President
Fillmore appointed Charles M. Conrad, Secre-
tary of War, to aet as Secretary of the Navy
during the absence of that Secretary.
On the 1st of May, 1852, President Fillmore
appointed William Hunter to aet as Secretary
of State in the absence of Mr. Webster.
On the 19th of May, 1852, President Fill-
more appointed William A. Graham, Secretary
of the Navy, to act as Secretary of War in the
absence of Mr. Conrad.
On the 24th of May, 1852, President Fill-
more appointed William L. Hodge to act as
Secretary of the Treasury in the absence of
Secretary Corwin.
On the 10th of June, 1852, President Fill-
more appointed William L. Hodge to act as
Secretary of the Treasury in the absence of
Secretary Corwin.
On the Oth of July, 1852, President Fillmore
appointed William Hunter, chief clerk of the
Department of State, to aet as Secretary of
State in the absence of Mr. Webster.
On the 19th of August, 1852, President Fill-
more appointed John P. Kennedy acting Sec-
retary of War during the absence of Secretary
Conrad.
On the 27th of August, 1852, President Fill-
more appointed William L. Hodge acting
Secretary of the Treasury in the absence of
Secretary Corwin.
On the 2d of September, 1852, President
Fillmore appointed Charles M. Conrad, Secre-
tary of War, to be acting Secretary of State
in the absence of Mr. Webster.
On the 4th of October, 1852, President Fill-
more appointed William L. Hodge to be act-
ing Secretary of the Treasury, Mr. Secretary
Corwin being unable by sickness to perform
the duties ofthe office.
On the 28th of October, 1852, President
Fillmore appointed William L. Hodge acting
Secretary of the Treasury in the absence of
Mr. Corwin.
On the 31st of December, 1852, President
Fillmore appointed William L. Hodge to act
as Secretary of the Treasury during the sickness
of Mr. Corwin.
On the loth of January, 1853, President
Fillmore appointed William L. Hodge to act
as Secretary of the Treasury during the sick-
ness of Mr. Corwin.
