2248
USE CONGRESSIONAL 'GLOBE.
April 6,
law permitted _ to ;b©-enlisted. I cannot find
any law myself-, but i am not very familiar witli
tbe subject,, which seems to import any other
conclusion; and if that be so, then, when we
■are told by the committee that they thought it
safe to go back to the peace establishment of
1660, they have failed to do it by; just the amount
of twelve hundred and fifty in excess which
they provide by their amendment shall be added
to;the old foroe of eighty-live hundred; and
wfeeii we -turn to the information derived by my
frieiid from New York, from the Navy Office,
•wefind that in point of fact the total number
was altogether below eighty-five hundred in
1860.
So, then, Mr. President, what has been said
on the subject of making an increase of the
Navy in 1857 from seventy-five hundred to
•eighty-live hundred amounts to just this : that
while by some influence or other, which we
have not now the time to investigate, Congress
was induced to pass such a law, yet in point of
faetthe actual number of men was not increased
above that number which the law authorized
before, which was seventy-five hundred, or only
a hundred or so. Is that an argument to in-
duce us to keep up to the maximum of 1800 or
1857, or above that by twelve hundred and
fifty? No, because it has appeared in answer
-to the argument of iny friend from Maine, as I
Tiave just said, that the act of 1857, which au-
thorized an increase of one thousand men, was
totally unnecessary, and that when that came
to be put in practicc the Navy Department found
that it was not necessary to act upon it and that
the whole number of men in 18G0 was only one
hundred above that which the law authorized
before 1857.
lherefore, Mr. President, it appears to me
that we shall be entirely safe, proceeding upon
the same presumption that the Committee on
Appropriations proceeded upon; and that is
all, aside from this information, we have ob-
. tained in going back to the actual standard,
and, as 1 believe, really the theoretical stand-
ard, too, of 1857<; and that is, the eighty-live
hundred shall include the whole number of
persons, whether they happen to be under
twenty-one years of age or above twenty-one
years of age, who are to be kept and enlisted
III the Navy. And that, sir, is no attack upon
the_ system of having apprentices. It only
limits the whole number altogether; and if it
"be necessary to have live or six hundred or
more apprentices it is only necessary that they
should take the place in time of peace of just
that number of other persons who would other-
wise draw greater pay, to which tliere can cer-
tainly be no objection.
Now, it is said by my honorable friend from
'Iowa, which is an argument in liict in opposi-
tion to the theory of the commitlee, that it is
necessary to have more men now than it was
■before the war, because now vessels are pro-
pelled by steam as well as by sail, and you
must have a double complement of men ; you
must not ask the coal-heaver when he is taking
his picnic sail across the Atlantic by sailing
to help man the yards, or trim the sails, or
scrub the decks, or tear up junk, or do any-
thing else that is to be done by a landsman or
an oidinary seaman that is within the scope of
his ability; but he is to be regarded as a per-
son entitled to do nothing during all the time
that lie is not required to shovel coal. I do
not believe in that, sir. It is true, as he
says, tlial you must keep your faith with the
man; if yon have enlisted him to shovel eoal,
you must not ask liim to do anything else ; but
it is within the scope of the powers of the Navy
Department, when the law shall luive regulated
the whole number who are to be enlisted, to
make just such-enlistment regulations as they
please, and they may therefore make regulations
which shall require the shipping articles of a
coal-heaver to provide that he shall be turned
to other duty when the vessel is not requiring
his services in that capacity, and assist in other
labors which the vessel requires.
In respect to the ordinary duties, such as
.our ordinary seamen, and particularly such as
landsmen—who are shipped in larger num-
bers, as this paper shows, which my friend
has produced, there being now thirty-nine
hundred and ninety-six of that class of per-
sons in the Navy—perform, there is no ob-
jection, it appears to me, either as a matter
of convenience or any other way, to requiring
them to be performed by persons who ship for
the special uses ordinarily—the handling of
steam machinery. They may attend to these
other duties, such as they are capable of, when
their services are not required in that particu-
lar line of labor. Certainly a man who is fit
to be a second-class engineer, or is fit to be
even a eoal-lieaver, a strong and able man,
who has been on a ship at all, can perform in
ordinary weather, and when he is not required
for other purposes, all the duties that a lands-
man can perform, or substantially all of them,
so that there could be intermixed in some
small degree with the seamen who are navi-
gating a sailing vessel, men who can perform
this service as well as the other. But my friend
from Iowa seems to go upon the old Navy idea
that no man must be supposed capable of
doing more than one kind of work. 1 do not
believe in that; and it is not so, in point of
feet, upon war vessels. The sailors—men who
are perfectly competent to do everything about
the sailing of a ship—are required to man the
guns when there is an engagement or a salute;
not all of them, to be sure, because some are
still required to work the sails ; but a inan who
is a first-rate sailor may be just as good a gun-
ner as anybody else, and frequently is.
Then, I do not think, Mr. President, when
you come to study this law, you will find that
you are reducing it below the maximum of
1800, or that you are doing any injustice by
seeking to do* as the Mouse lias provided.
Mr. GIMMES. I am inclined to think that
I am getting a good deal of valuable informa-
tion from this debate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You stand in need of it.
[Laughter.!
Mr. GIMMES. I am satisfied I do. My
information has always been that, a vessel of
war was a great military organization, and that
it was just as necessary that it should be
thoroughly disciplined and a perfect machine
in time ot peace as it is in time of war, ready for
any national emergency that should call for the
exercise of its powers and its duties. J sup-
pose that the purpose of having coal-heavers,
tiremen, and engineers was to enable that ves-
sel to be propelled in the water or across the
ocean and to carry her into action, and that at
the time -when the men above were manning
the guns and devoting all their efforts and ail
their attention to fighting the enemy the men
down below would be required to heave the
coals and manipulate the engine. *
Mr. EDM UN US. Nobody disputes that.
Mr. GIMMES. Then I want in know how
the Senator is going to have these men down
below performing duty up-stairs in time of
action ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do you want me to an-
swer now?
Mr. GIMMES. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend professes to
be a little more ignorant than he really is, and
I may say a great deal more so. 1 did not say
that a man could bo heaving coal in the hold
and at the same time discharging a Parrott or
any other kind of a gun on tile decks. What
J did say was—and the same remark will ap-
ply to the bailors themselves—that all the men
you need on a vessel, piovided they have skill
enough, are men sufficient to work the ship in
action, either when she is working under sail
or under steam. Jf you are fighting in action
under steam, as you ordinarily would if you
had any wit at all, and I take it the Navy has,
the men who in old times would have been
managing the sails can now be engiueors and
coal-heavers, and the men who in ordinary
times were managing the sails can manage the
guns. You do not have, a complete double
set, mid never did have, in my judgment, and
I think my friend will agree with me.
Mr. GRIMES. My impression has always
been that every man-had his particular place
ready for action, and that a man who ever left
that place when the drum beat for action was
punished.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, nobody disputes that.
Mr. GlilMES. Now, I should like to know
how it is possible for a man whose business it
is to be a sailor up aloft, ready for action, or
to man a gun, can be down-stairs heaving coal
or manipulating the engine as you go into
action?
Mr. CONNESS. Allow me to make a sng--
 gestion. A set of firemen, on a war steamer
or any other steamer, who perform four or six
hours of duty cannot perform any other duty
without a corresponding rest, because they are
engaged at labor so exhausting and trying that
very often, in the performance of it, they fall
dead. That is a very common occurrence on
all our sea-going steamers, and to talk about
firemen doing double duty is simply to talk
about a subject that nothing is known about.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, Mr. President, I
wish to reply to my friend from California. I
am happy to see that he has not fallen dead at
putting in the fuel. I will say that to begin
with.
Mr. CONNESS. I never put the fuel in, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 did not maintain that a
fireman was to perform double duty at the
same time. What I was saying was simply in
reply to the Senator from Iowa. He said that
by the regulations, and they are wise, coal was
only to be used on special occasions, and that
a sea-going war steamer was generally ringed
with sailing apparatus which she used as a rule.
Now, if a vessel is to go, for instance, to join
the Mediterranean squadron, it is the duty of
that vessel to carry sail and not to use coal as
the rule. What I say in reply to my friend
lrom California as to these coal-heavers and
assistant engineers is, that while that vessel is
making a three weeks' voyage across the At-
lantic, carrying easy sail in pleasant weather,
it would not hurt those engineers and coal-
heavers an atom to assist in navigating the ship
with sails, and when she did not choose to use
sails it would not hurt them much to go down
below and heave coal.
Mr. GRIMES. What I said was that the
vessel must be all the time ready for action.
Mr. CONNESS. What the Senator from
v erinont has told us now would seem to show
that he is a thorough seaman and understands
the business.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Or else that I am a good
deal at sea. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONNESS. Well, sir, the fact is that
now the Solicitor is at sea without either rudder
or compass. He tells us that the business of a
ship of war, if it wants to go to the Mediter-
ranean, is commonly, as a rule, to use sails. I
say it is no such thing.
Mr EDMUNDS. I got that from the chair-
man ot the Committee on Naval Attains. I
am not responsible for it.
Mr. CONNESS. Sails thev have as an
auxiliary power to be added to their steum
power. I he business of the vessel is to «<> to
her place of destination, and not to keen her
crew rambling about an ocean, where -die has
no business at the expense of the nation The
Snh?lve/lat-0rT0™i,lp,ny °iF; 1
incidentally trying to throw the responsibility
of this statement on the chairman of tho" Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs Si,- l,0 f
such statement. If my friend from V "°
spent more of his timl on"!^^1
he would understand this business t '
What he proposes is to offset the savin- in th,".
consumption of coal against the
exr&rN^entlrre^ ^side. ^ and
Mi. GIMMES. Mr. President all f t
to say is that vessels of war must have It!"'"
full complement of men or ri™ he'r
fit to go to sea in tin™ of'peace re^P 7° not
tiou; and I think it mt?st bTdm * J n ,lC-
the Senate that a steam vessel doe° ■ t0
additional number of m ^ , e',1,re  n
andhenceitistiiut^eno^^^
