1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1225
creasing the amount $1,000 for contingent
expenses of foreign intercourse, making it
$81,000. I do it simply for the purpose of
explaining what does not seem to be very well
understood by the House in reference to the
secret-service fund. It seems by reference to
one of the Miscellaneous Documents, which I
hold in my hand, that all this money appro-
priated for contingent expenses of the State
Department, as well as for contingent expenses
of foreign intercourse, is subject to beexpended
under the President's approval without render-
ing any vouchers at all therefor. My colleague
on the Committee on Appropriations [Mr.
Wasiibcrne, of Illinois] read several items
of expenditures that were reported. They were
stated to be expenditures of the fund for the
contingent expenses of foreign intercourse. It
is true that for a large portion of these items
vouchers are rendered. It is also true that
very large items are passed and appear in the
printed documents marked simply with the
President's approval. There is marked in the
document I have here, under the first item of
$9,504 38, " President's approval." There is
another item of $7,283 04 marked in the same
way. I have made some Kttle examination
into the amount of moneys, expended during
the last fiscal year that have been passed in
the Auditor's oifice and marked "President's
approval," and it appears that the sum of
$115,645 30 has been passed in that way.
My only purpose in moving this amendment
is to call the attention of the House to the
manner in which these contingent expenses
are paid out and the vouchers upon which they
are allowed. I will only add that in Executive
Document No. 59 there is a single item marked
with the President's approval of $106,610 09.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, I am sorry
I could not hear the explanation of the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Kelsey,] but I
presume I can understand the purport of it,
and as it seems to be in favor of increasing the
amount of the appropriation, and as I would
rather diminish than increase it, I suppose I
am in order in taking the floor in opposition
to his amendment, whatever it may be.
Every one knows, perhaps, what this secret-
service fund is—a sum of money appropriated
by Congress in blind faith to be used at the
discretion of the Government in aiding the
carrying on of our intercourse with foreign
nations in cases where secrecy may be desira-
ble. In consequence of this secrecy it is pro-
vided by law that no voucher shall be needed
in order to pass any item of the account except
the certificate of the President that, he is satis-
fied.
Now, sir, heretofore for a number of years—
at least for two years past—there has been
$65,000 estimated for and appropriated for
this purpose. It is proposed now to decrease
the appropriation to §30,000. One would natu-
rally suppose that the amount now proposed to
be given would depend somewhat, among
other circumstances, upon whatever amount
might remain for this purpose unexpended.
Can anybody tell how much there is unex-
pended? Our public records do not show;
and, as we are in the day of reform, I desire
to call the attention of this committee to the
fact that there is in these records and commu-
nications made from the Treasury Department
to Congress an habitual violation of the law
tending to conceal what appropriations are
needed rather than to explain the wants of the
Government. It is provided now by law that
they shall not only send estimates from the
Treasury Department of what is needed for
each specilie purpose, but that they shall show
what is the unexpended balance of appropria-
tions in every case, so that Congress, in acting,
may know, among those things to be taken into
the calculation, in every instance what money
remains on hand for any particular object
Now, if you look at the communications
made for the present year, you will find that
for the civil service there is an unexpended
balance of §7,341,529. That is all we know
about it. Whether it is an unexpended balance
for legislative purposes, for foreign intercourse,
for the pay of clerks 
Mr. BLAINE. That does not relate to for-
eign intercourse, because that is included under
another head.
Mr. SCHENCK. In looking over all the
accounts of unexpended balances I can find
but that one item that might include this. In
the case of the War Department and the Navy
Department it is given in a lump. Let me
take an example. The unexpended balance
of appropriations for the WTar Department is
$82,000,000; but whether it is for the payment
of soldiers, the purchase of cannon or other
munitions of war, or for service in the quarter-
master's department, or lor whatever else it
may be, you know nothing from this commu-
nication. The law requires that there shall be
shown to Congress not only what estimates are
made for each successive year for the different
objects and subjects in relation to which ap-
propriations are to be made, but what are the
unexpended balances of the several appropri-
ations ; and it is no compliance with the law,
but a violation of it, to cover up the whole in
a general statement that there is such and such
a balance.
Now, sir, I do not know what the fact is,
but I have been told by an authority which 1
am not disposed to question—and I think the
Committee on the Expenditures of the State
Department, if they ever do anything at all,
might discover whether it is so or not—that
there is actually in London at this day a large
accumulation for the last two years, not yet
lapsed into the Treasury, that is at the control
of the State Department and of the President
for just such purposes as these. I am unwill-
ing, believing that that is the case from inform-
ation I have, until I can know how much they
have on hand for this purpose, to appropriate
as large a sum as $30,000.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELSEY. I withdraw my amendment.
The Clerk read the following:
II. CONSULATES.
Schedule B.
Acapulco,Aix-la-Chapelle.Algiers, Amoy, Amster-
dam, Antwerp, Aspinwall, Bankok, Basic, Belfast,
Beirut, Buenos Ayres, Bordeaux, Bremen, Brindisi,
Boulogne, Barcelona, Cadiz, Callao, Candia, Canton,
Chin Kiang, Clifton. Coatieook. Cork, Demcrara, Dun-
dee, Elsinore, Fort Erie, Foo-Choo, Funchal, Geneva,
Genoa, Gibraltar, Glasgow, Goderich, Guayinas, Hali-
fax, Hamburg, Havre, Honolulu, Hong-Kong, Han-
kow, Jerusalem, Kanagawa, Kingston, (Jamaica,)
Kingston in Canada, LaRochelle.Iiaguayra, Lahaina,
Leeds, Leghorn, Lcipsic, Lisbon, Liverpool, London,
Lyons, Malaga, Malta, Manchester. Matanza?, Mar-
seilles, Mauritius, Melbourne, Messina, Moscow,
Munich, Nagasaki, Naples, Nassau, (West Indies,)
Nowcastlo, Nice, Nantes, Odessa, Oporto, Palermo.
Panama, Paris, Pcrn&mbuco, Pictou, Ponce, Port
Mahon, Prcscott, Prince Edward Island, Quebec,
Iteve!, Rio de Janeiro, Rotterdam, San Juan del Sur,
San Juan, (Porto Itico,) Saint John, (Canada East,)
Santiago de Cuba, Port Sarnia, Rome, Singapore,
Smyrna, Southampton, Saint John,(Newfoundland,)
Saint Petersburg, Saint Pierre, (Martinique,) Saint
Thomas, Stuttgardt. Swatow, Saint Helena, Tampico,
Tangier, Toronto, Trieste, Trinidad de Cuba, Tripoli,
Tunis, Turk's Island, Valparaiso, Vera Cruz, Vienna,
Windsor, Zurich.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
insert after tlie word "Canton" the word
(i Chemnitz."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PETERS. I move to add to the para-
graph the following proviso:
Provided, That hereafter the compensation of con-
suls whose annual salaries do not, under existing
law, excecd $1,500, and the fees collected at the con-
sulates where thev are located and paid into the
Treasury of theUnited States amount to S3,000, shall
be $2,000 per annum.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I raise a
question of order 011 that amendment. It
changes existing law, and is out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. PETERS. I think if the Chair will
refer to the rule he will see that my amend-
ment comes within the express exception in
the rule relating to the salaries of officers.
~ The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the
opinion that under the rule to which the gen-
tleman refers the amendment is not in order.
Mr. PETERS. I do not think the Chair has
looked at the rule to which I have reference.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
The following paragraph was read:
Amoor Eiver, Apia, Gaboon .Saint Paul dc Loando,
including loss by exchange thereon, $425,000: Pro-
vided\ That 110 consul general, consuls, consular
agents, or commercial agents shall be paid except
those specified in this act; and all law? and parts of
laws providing for the appointment or payment of
any other consular officers than those in this act
specified are hereby repealed; and all moneys re-
ceived for fees at any vice consulate or consular
agency of tho United States beyond the sum of
$1,000 in any one year shall be accounted for and
paid into the Treasury in the same manner as other
moneys received by consular officers for the United
States.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to say, in answer
to an inquiry made by the gentleman from
Indiana [iUr. Holman] on Saturday last 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. AVhat is
before tho committee?
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to make an ex-
planation, and in order to get an opportunity
to do so I move to amend by striking out the
last word. The gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Holman,] on Saturday last, asked me a ques-
tion, which I did not fully understand at the
time, in regard to consular fees. I desire to
state} in answer to him, that for the fiscal year
ending /une 30, 1867, the amount of consular
fees of the United States was $424,099 17;
there were paid for salaries $371,292 63; there
was lost in exchange §10,717 17 ; and the net
receipts paid into the Treasury of the United
States in excess of the amount allowed for
salaries and exchange was §42,089 77. That
shows what I then stated to be the fact, that
the consular system of the United States is
to-day not only self-supporting, hut actually a
source of revenue, to a small extent, to the
Treasury of the United States.
I will refer to the fees and expenses of a few
of the consulates, to show the extent of tho
revenue derived by the United States from
some of them. In Paris the salaries allowed
amount to the sum of $7,084; the fees amount
to $47,700. InLondon the salaries amount to
$7,500; the fees amount to $38,500. A large
number of the consulates pay a considerable
excess of fees over expenses, while there are
a considerable number that do not yield any
excess at all.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the gentleman
will allow me to interrupt him for a moment I
will say that I do not think his statement agrees
with the report of the Fifth Auditor. Accord-
ing to his report the fees from consulates over
exchange and salaries was $91,000.
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman is referring
to the report for the year ending the 30th of
J une, 1866. For the year ending J une 30,1867,
the amount of excess is more than $42,000.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I believe the gen-
tleman is correct.
Mr. BLAINE. The Fifth Auditor states
that if the proviso proposed by the Committee
on Appropriations is inserted in the law_, in
his judgment, the excess in favor of the United
States will amount to one hundred and fifty or
two hundred thousand dollars. I now withdraw
the amendment I offered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend the proviso of this paragraph by insert-
ing before the words "consular agents" the
words "except those consuls whose compen-
sation is by fees, and no ;J' so that it will read:
Provided, That no consul general, consuls—except
those consuls whose compensation is by fees—ana no
consular agents, or commercial agents, shall be paid
except those specified in this act. See.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
further amend thisproviso by striking out " and
all moneys received for fees at any vice^ con-
sulate or consular agency of the United States
beyond the sum of $1,000 in any one year shall
be accounted for and paid into the Treasury in
the same manner as other moneys received
by consular officers for the United States,"
and inserting in lieu thereof the following:
And all moneys received for fees at any vice con-
sulate or consular agency of the United. States,
