1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4297
lecting the interest on this side of the Atlantic
every six months.
I wish to call the attention of the House to
some of the advantages of the amendment
which I have proposed. In presenting those
advantages I am obliged to state, not for the
purpose of antagonism, and certainly with the
desire to avoid all personal antagonism, what
seems to me to be an objection to the bill reported
from the Committee of the Whole. That bill,
as gentlemen very well know, contemplates a
postponement of the payment of any of the
interest-bearing public debt for forty years.
To my mind this is an insuperable objection.
We shall this current year—and I state it after
examination—we shall this current year, not-
withstanding the changes that have been made
in our system of taxation, pay the interest on
the public debt, the current expenses of the
Government, reduced as they have been by
this Congress to something like one hundred
and six million dollars, excluding bounties
and pensions, and also pay §50,000,000 of the
principal of the jiublie debt.
When we consider the rapid development of
the resourcesofthis country, its increaseof pop-
ulation, and the augmentation of wealth, there is
no hazard in the prediction that our excess of
revenue to be applied to the liquidation of the
public debt will not be less in any future year
than it will be in the present year.
Now, sir, a nation is distinguished from
individuals in its financial affairs in the partic-
ular I am now considering. If au individual
owes a debt, due five or ten years hence, and
has money which he could now apply to that
debt, if it be not in the terms of the contract
that he shall pay it immediately, he may use
that money in various other pursuits, in busi-
ness, in enterprises, or even hazards, and pay
his debt when it matures. But a government
is differently situated. Unless it be absolute
poverty in the national Treasury, I know of
no condition of things more disadvantageous to
public credit than the possession of large funds
in the Treasury without any present means of
using those funds in a legitimate and proper
way.
I need not state here how it is impossible for
the Government to engage in any proper enter-
prise for the use of its funds, nor how the pos-
session of surplus funds gives rise to schemes,
peculations, and frauds, affecting perniciously
the character and credit of a country. It is
urged by the friends of the forty-year loan that
only a part of the loan offered will be taken by
the public creditors. This may be so, but
I am considering not what may be funded
under the system proposed by the Committee
of the Whole; I am considering what is con-
templated by the provisions of the bill, assuming
in what I say that we do not ask the world to
accept as a measure of public policy a measure
which we ourselves do not favor. If we pass a
bill for the funding of $2,150,000,000 of the
public debt, I suppose we do it upon the ground
that we hope, if we do not absolutely expect,
that the public will accept the proposition we
make, and that the proposition, if accepted,
would be advantageous to us.
Of course, sir, I object to this proposition,
assuming that it is to be accepted, because,
if accepted, it will be disadvantageous to us
even at the low rate of interest proposed in
the bill. In the first place it lays upon the
people of this country a debt of $2,150,000,000
which for forty years they will have no legit-
imate, lawful means of lifting. I think that
a great evil. Not a dollar of this vast amount
can be paid except by going into the markets
of the world and buying up the obligations.
In case of war we should have occasion to
borrow money, for no nation is or ever can
be wealthy enough to carry on a war with-
out credit and without the use of its credit.
With a debt of about two thousand million dol-
lars postponed for thirty or forty years, the
credit of the country would be materially af-
fected. But in the next place, with the accu-
mulation ol' revenue, we should be placed in
the hands of the holders of the public funds.
In the bill which I submit to the House I
have sought to accomplish three objects. The
first of these is the reduction of the interest on
the public debt. This is secured by the bill
which I propose to the extent of §10,400,000
a year. I have sought in the next place to put
the Government out of the hands of the public
creditors, so that they cannot compel us to pay,
except when it is convenient for us to pay ;
and if $1,200,000,000 of the public debt be
funded in the manner I propose there will
remain $1,018,000,000 of the publiedebt, bear-
ing interest, for which provision will not have
been made. This amount I leave as it is, that
we may, as we say in the country, "come and
go upon it1' for the next fifteen years.
Mr. Speaker, I have made no provision for
$1,018,000,000 of the interest-bearing public
debt. This is made up of three hundred mil-
lion dollars or thereabouts of five-twenties,
which may be paid in five years or less, but
which we cannot be compelled to pay before
the expiration of twenty years from the issue.
These five-twenties, after five years, can be
taken in by the Government if it should be our
interest to do so; but the public creditors can-
not compel us to pay them until twenty years
from date. In the next place there are of the
ten-forties outstanding, for which I make no
provision, $220,000,000. These will be due
in six or seven years, so that we may pay them;
but the Government cannot be compelled to
pay them within thirty years. Then there are
$284,000,000 of the six per cent, bonds pay-
able absolutely in the year 1881, which, accord-
ing to the terms of the contract, must then be
paid. There is of the matured debt$ll,000,000.
There is also the currency debt amounting to
$203,000,000. So that in the whole there will
be $1,018,000,000 which we may, if we choose,
pay in the next fifteen years. But of this
$1,018,000,000 there are only $75,000,000,
which, according to the pledge we have given
to the world, we can be called upon to pay be-
fore 1881 ; and in that year we shall be called
upon to pay $281,000,000 only. So that, as
a matter of fact, we shall be left in the best
possible condition with reference to the appli-
cation of such revenues as may accrue during
the next fifteen years. That is, we may pay
$1,000,000,000 of the public debt, if we have
the means and the disposition to pay it; but if
we have not, we cannot be compelled to pay
but about three hundred and fifty millions of
the public debt during the next fifteen years.
Mr. Speaker, I have no doubt myself iliat
this thousand millions will be paid in the next
fifteen years by the energy and bythe resources
of this country. And I wish to call the attention
of the House to a fact deduced by careful
examination of statistics obtained from the
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, showing
that during the last three years we have with
our resources and the revenue of this country
secured a large diminution of the public debt.
1 confess, that after the careful examination I
had made, 1 felt compelled to review it to see
whether there was not some mistake in the
premises or in the calculation, so astonishing
is the evidence thus furnished of the ability ol
the people of the country to liquidate the pub-
lic debt. From the 1st day of April, 18G5, to
the 1st day of January, 1808, two years and
nine months, we have paid out of the public
Treasury $1,552,000,000 of money. Upon a
careful analysis of the expenditures of the
Government during those two years and nine
months, 1 find that the expenses of a peace
establishment, excludinginterest, pensions, and
bounties, upon the basis of the year 18(36 and
1857, when the expenses of the Government
were $70,000,000 more than they are to be
the present year amounted to $485,000,000,
showing that we paid over and above those
expenses $1,060,000,000. On the 1st day of
April, 1805, the public debt, liquidated and
ascertained, was $2,300,000,000, and the
$i,000,000,000 which we paid between the 1st
of April, 1805 and the 1st of January, 1808,
would have been added to the public debt as
proper expenses of the war if we had not out
of the public revenue from day to day liqui-
dated it. If we add to the $2,366,000,000 public
debt on the 1st of April, 1865, $1,066,000,000
which we paid for war expenses including inter-
est on the war debt, pensions, and bounties be-
tween the 1st of April, 1865, and the 1st of Jan-
uary, 18G8, we find that on the 1st of January,
1868, thepublie debt, if we had notpaid expenses
of the war out of the ordinary revenue, would
have amounted to $3,432,000,000. In the
face of this great fact, that in two years and
nine months, by extraordinary taxation and
extraordinary efforts to be sure, we paid
$1,066,000,000 of the public debt, are we to
assume that hereafter the people of this coun-
try are not annually to make considerable pay-
ments of the public debt of the country? Al-
most one third of the entire public debt of the
country has been paid in two years and nine
months, and I am not willing to stand upon the
assumption that we shall not make large pay-
ments in each year hereafter.
My objection to the proposition as it comes
from the Committee of the Whole is of the
most serious character in this : that it puts it
out of the power of the people of the country to
pay the public debt unless they go into the mar-
kets of the world and buy it up. Now, there are
two facts in our own history to which I wish to
call the attention of the House, and which
show how impolitic it would be for us to put
ourselves in the hands of the public creditors.
On the 4th of August, 1790, underthe lead of
Mr. Hamilton, there were issued three per
cent, bonds. Those bonds, bearing interest
of three per cent., were never worth for the
purposes of investment more than sixty cents
on the dollar; but in 1832, underthe admin-
istration of General Jackson, the public debt
had been so diminished and the public revenue
so augmented that the public creditors fore-
saw that these three percent, bonds would soon
be taken up. What happened? They advanced
in pi ice at once, so that the last $340,000 of
those three per cent, bonds were actually re-
deemed by the payment of $328,000 in gold.
Are we, when we are proposing for a loan at
three and sixty-five hundredths, to put our-
selves in a like position V Again, during the
Mexican war, we issued six per cent, bonds, but
before the administration of Mr. Polk closed,
the Secretary of the Treasury went into the mar-
ket and bought those bonds at $>1 23 for every
dollar the public creditors had loaned to the
Government. In this view of the case, I say to
the House that the question of interest is alto-
gether unimportantas compared with the ques-
tion I am now considering. If the public
creditors would take this $2,150,000,000 of
loan without interest, I would not let them
have it for the term of forty years; for within
forty years they would compel the people of
this country, under the circumstances which
are sure to arise, to pay more premium than
the accumulated interest at four or live per
cent.
My third proposition is that we must keep
the loan so that we can control it ourselves—
pay it when we choose. First, then, the bill
contemplates a reduction of interest, keeps in
the possession of the Government the power to
pay when it pleases, and puts it out of the
power of our creditors to compel us to pay
when we do not choose to pay.
Sir, this debt looks pretty large, but it is a
small debt for this country when you consider
that we paid $1,000,000,000 in less than three
years. What is to be said of the $2,000,000,000
remaining? Why, sir, when the war of 1812
closed our public debt was $127,000,000. That
does not look large to tts, but it was as heavy
a debt for the seven millions of people in the
United States at that time, considering that a
day's labor would not produce more than thirty-
three per cent, in gold of what it will produce
now, as tlv* $2,00i),0u0,000 of debt is to tiie
people of the country at the present time.
I have still further to say in support of the
measure which I have proposed, t ia i is m
the line of the bill which came to us from the
Senate, while the hill reported from the Com-
