THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
On the 3d of March, 1858, President Fill-
more appointed William L. Hodge to act as
Secretary of the Treasury in the absence of
Mr, Corwin.
Mr. CURTIS. I now offer documents from
the Department of the Postmaster General.
They are all in one envelope, (sending some
mpers in an envelope to the Managers.)
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The counsel will
state the nature of the documents.
Mr. CURTIS. They are documents which
show the removals of postmasters during the
session of the Senate and ad interim appoint-
ments to fill the places, I believe they are all
of that character, though I am not quite sure.
Some of them I know are.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. They are exactly of
the same kind that the Senate has just admitted.
Mr. CURTIS. I should like to have those
read. They are short.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the documents.
The Secretary read as follows:
I hereby appoint St. John B. L. Skinner to be act-
ing First Assistant Postmaster General ad interim in
place of Horatio King, now acting: Postmaster Gen-
eral under the law. JAMES BUCHANAN.
Washington, February 8,1861.
Post Office Department.
"Washington, I). C., April7,1863.
I, Alexander W. Randall, Postmaster General of
the United States of America, certify that the fore-
going is a true copy of the original order on file in
this Department, together with extracts from the
records in said case.
In testimony whereof I have hereunto set my hand
and caused the seal of the Post Office Dcpart-
r_ -r ment to be affixed at the General Post Office
LL. s.j in e-ty of Washington the day andy ear
above written.
ALEX. W. RANDALL,
Postmaster General.
New Ort-eans Post Office,
Orleans Parish, Louisiana, June 29,1860.
Samuel I\ Marks, Postmaster: Let this office be
placed temporarily in the bauds of a special agent
of the Department, to be appointed by the Postmas-
ter General, in place of Samuel P. Marks, removed.
JAMES BUCHANAN.
Hon. josepn Holt, Postmaster General.
June 29, I860.
Instructions sent to D. P. Blair, special accent, to
take possession of the office and remove Deutzel,
chief clerk. , ^
i). P. Blair held the office from 9th July to Sep-
tember 4, 1860.
Defalcation of the late Postmaster of New York City.
(Ex. Doc. No. 91, Thirty-Sixth Congress, First Ses-
sion, House of liepresentatives.)
Letter of Postmaster General Holt, transmitting
report in reply to resolution of the House of the 5th
June, 1860.
Oi dcr of the President.
"Washington, May 10,1860.
New York Post Office, New York county.JSew
York State—Isaac V. Fowler, Postmaster; $75,000
bond.
Let this office be placed temporanlyin the hands
of a special agent of the PostOfficc Department, to
be appointed by the Postmaster General, in place of
Isaac V. i'owler, removed.
JAMES BUCHANAN,
Hon. Joseph IIolt, Postmaster General.
II. St. George Offutt, Special Agent.
See printed report for further proceedings.
January 21,1861.
Milwaukee Post Office, Wisconsin, Milwaukee
county—Mitchell Stecver, postmaster, (failed to pay
draft.)
Let this office be placed temporarily in the hands
of a special agent of the Post Office Department, to
be appointed by the Post Office Department.
JAMES BUCHANAN.
January 25, 1861.
D. M. Bull, special agent, took charge 6th Feb-
ruary, 1861. and subsequently handed over the same
to W. A. Bryant, spccial agent, who remained in
charge up to Slst March, 1361.
I hereby appoint St. John B. L. Skinner, now act-
ing Pirst Assistant Postmaster General, to be acting
Postmaster General ad interim in place of Hon.
Montgomery Blair, now temporarily absent.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Washington, September 21,1862.
[Each of these documents is attested by Post-
master General Randall according to the form
before given.]
Mr. CURTIS. I now offer in evidence,
reading from tlie published Executive Docu-
ments of the Senate, volume four, second ses-
sion, Thirty-Sixth Congress, page one, a mes-
sage of President Buchanan to the Senate in
respect to the office of Secretary for the De-
partment of War, and the manner in which he
had filled that office in place of Mr. Floyd, and
accompanying that messageisalist ofthe names
of those persons, as shown by the records of the
Department of State, who had discharged the
duties of officers of the Cabinet by appoint-
ment made in the recess, and those confirmed
by the Senate, as well as those acting ad
interim, or simply acting. This list is printed
as an appendix to the message, and was sent
into the Senate. I wish that message to be
read.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. The difficulty that
I find with this message, Senators, is, that it
is the message of Mr. Buchanan, and cannot
be put in evidence any more than the declara-
tion of anybody else. We should like to have
Mr. Buchanan brought here under oath, and
to cross-examine him as to this. There are a
great many questions I should like to ask him
about his state of mind at this time; whether
he had that clearness of perception just then
of his duties which would make his messages
evidence. But there is a still further objec-
tion, and that is, that most of the message is
composed of the statements of Mr. "J. S.
Black"—Jeremiah S. Black—who refused to
have anything to do with this case anyhow.
[Laughter.] And I do not think that the state-
ments of those gentlemen, however respect-
able, are to be taken here as evidence. They
may be referred to as public documents, per-
haps, but I do not think they can be put in as
evidence. How do we know how correctly Mr.
Black made up this list or his clerks 'I Are you
going to put in his statements of what was
done, and put it upon us or yourselves to
examine to see whether they are not all illu-
sory and calculated to mislead ? I do not care
to argue it any further.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is it offered for?
Mr. CURTIS. I only wish the Senate to
understand the purpose with which we offer
this, and that will be, as I view it, argument
enough. We offer it for the purpose of show-
ing the practice of the Government. This is
an act done by the head of the Government in
connection with the Senate of the United
States. We offer to show that act as a part of
the practice of the Government.
Mr. Manager BUTLEli. The practice of
the Government! I object, once for all, to
the practice of this Government being shown
by the acts of James Buchanan and Jeremiah
S. Black. If you choose to take it, I have no
objection.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
will submit the question to the Senate. Sena-
tors, you who are of opinion that the evidence
just offered shall be received will please say
ay; those of the contrary opinion, no. [Put-
ting the question.] The ayes appear to have
it—the ayes have it. The evidence is admitted.
Mr. CURTIS. The message is short, and I
desire it to be read.
The Secretary read as follows :
Message from the President of the United States in
answer to a resolution of the Senate respecting the
vacancy in the office of Secretary of War.
To the Senate of the United States:
In compliance with the resolution of the Senate,
passed 011 the 10th instant, requesting me to inform
that body, if not incompatible with the pubfic in-
terest, " whether John B.l'loyd, whose appointment
as Secretary of War was confirmed by the Senate on
the 6th of March, 1S37, still continues to hold said
office, and if not, when and how said office became
vacant; and further to inform the Senate how and
by whom the duties of said office arenow discharged:
and if ail appointment of an acting or provisional
Secretary of War has been made, how, when, and by
what authority it was so made, and why the fact of
said appointment has not been communicated to the
Senate," I have to intorm the Sono.to that John B.
Floyd, the lute Secretary of the War Department,
resigned that office on thcfflth day of December last,
and that on the 1st day of January instant Joseph
Holt was authorized by mc to perform the duties of
the said office until a successor should be appointed
or the vacancy filled. Under this authority the
duties of the War Department have been performed
by Mr. Holt from the day last mentioned to the
present time.
The power to carry on the business oi the govern-
ment by means of a provisional appointment when
a vacancy occurs is expressly given by tlie act of
February 13,1795, which enacts "that in case of va-
cancy in the office of Secretary of State, Secretary of
the Treasury, or of the Secretary of the Department of
W ar, or any officer of either of the said Departments,
whoseappointmentisnot in the headthereof,whereby
they cannot perform thedutiesof their said respective
offices, it shall be lawful for the President of the
United States, in case he shall think it necessary, to
authorize any person or persons, at his discretion, to
perform the duties of the said respective offices until
a successor be appointed or such vacancy be filled:,
Provided, That no one vacancy shall be supplied*
in manner aforesaid, for a longer period than six
months."
It is manifest that if the power which this law
gives had been withheld the public interest would
frequently suffer very serious detriment. Vacancies
may occur at any time in the most important offices
which cannot bo immediately and permanentlylilled
in a manner satisfactory to the appointing power. It
was wise to make a provision which would enablothe
President to avoid a total suspension of business in
the interval, and equally wise so to limit the execu-
tive discretion as to prevent any serious abuse of it.
This is what the framers of the act of 1795 did, and
neither the policy nor the constitutional validity of
their law has been questioned for sixty-five years.
The practice of making such appointments,
whether in a vacation or during the session of Con-
gress, has been constantly followedduring every Ad-
ministration from the earliest period ofthe Govern-
ment, and its perfect lawfulness has never, to my
knowledge, been questioned ordenied.Witho-ut going
back further than the year 1829, and without taking
into the calculation any but the chief officers of the
several Departments, it will bo found that provisional
appointments to fill vacancies were made to the num-
ber of one hundred and seventy-nine, from the com-
mencement of General Jackson's administration to
the close of General Pierce's. This number would
probably be greatly increased if all the eases which
occurred in the subordinate offices and bureaus wore
added to thecount. Some of them were made while
the Senate was in session; some which were made in
vacation were continued in force long after the Sen ate
assembled. Sometimes the temporary officer was the
commissioned head of another Department, some-
times a subordinate in thosamoDepartincnt. Some-
times the affairs of the Navy Department have been
directed ad interim by a commodore, and those of the
War Department by a general. In most, if not all,
of the cases which occurred previous to 1852 it is be-
lieved that the c >mpensation provided by law for the
officer regularly commissioned was paid to the person
who discharged the duties ad interim. To give the
Senate a more detailed and satisfactory view of the
subject I send the accompanying tabula^ statement
certified by the Secretary of State, in which the in-
stances are all set forth in which provisional, as well
aspermanent, appointmentswercmadeto thehighest
executive offices from 1829 nearly to the present time,
with their respoctivo dates.
It must be alio wed that these precedents, so n umer-
ous and so long continued, are entitled to great re-
spect, since we can scarcely suppose that the wise and
eminent men by whom they were made could have
been mistaken on a point which was brought to their
attention so often. Still less can it be supposed that
any of them willfully violated the law or the Consti-
tution. , ,
The lawfulness of the practice rests upon the exi-
gencies of the public service, which require that the
movement1' of the Government shall not be arrested
by an accidental vacancy in oneof the Departments;
upon an act of Congress expressly and plainly giving
and regulating the power; and upon long and unin-
terrupted usage of the Executive, which hks never
been challenged as illegal by Congress.
This answers the inquiry of the Senate so far as. it
is necessary to show ** how and by whom.the duties
of said office are now discharged." Nor is it neces-
sary to explain further than I havedone ' how, when,
and by what authority" the provisionalappoiutment
has been made. Cut the resolution makes the addi-
tional inquiry 44 why the fact of said appointment has
not been communicated to the Senate."'
I take it for granted that the Senate did not mean
to call for the reasons upon which I acted in per-
forming an executive duty, nor to demand an account
ofthe motives which governed me in an act which
the law and the Constitution left to my own discre-
tion. It is sufficient, therefore, for that part oi the
is no instance on record where such communication
ever has been made. jj-q- Oil AH -
Washington, January 1.3,18t>l.
United States of America,
Department of State .*
To all to whom these presents shall come, greeting:
I certify that the document hereunto annexed con-
tains a correct list, duly examined and compared
with the record in this Department, of those persons
who have been commissioned by the President ol
tho United States as heads of Departments, during
the recess of the Senate, as confirmed by that body,
as acting ad interim or merely acting, from March 4,
1829, to December 20,18G0, both inclusive.
In testimony whereof I, J. S. Black, Secretary of
State oftheUnited States, have hereunto subscribed
mv name and caused the seal of tho Department of
State to be affixed. . • -,r*u
Done at the eity of Washington, this 15th
r . day of January, A. D. 1861, and of tho. mde-
lb. s.J pen<ience of tho United States of America.the
eighty-fifth. J. S. BLACK.
