1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8278
I also hope, Mr. Speaker, when we shall
have perfected our immigration laws we may
do something for the enactment of a general
naturalization law upon such a basis as will
protect us and our institutions, and will so
enforce the law as to prevent the illegal exer-
cise of the elective franchise by those who
have scarcely touched our shores. I have
heard that ship-loads of immigrants, within
twenty-four hours of their arrival at the port
of New York, have been led to the polls by
designing men, and many of thsm, I have no
doubt, totally ignorant that they were violating
the law, have set at naught the votes of the
American-boin and law-abiding adopted citi-
zens who have exercised their dearest right in
good faith to their country.
Mr. CHANLER. I propose the following
amendment to the twelfth section, which I
understand the gentleman from Pennsylvania
will agree to.
Mr. O'NEILL. I yield to the gentleman's
amendment. He has been helping us to per-
fect the bill.'
Mr. CHANLER. I move to add to the
twelfth section the following:
Any unmarried male passenger, master, or other
officer, seaman, or other person over fourteen years
of age, on board any vessel carrying passengers to or
from any part of the United States, who shall openly
live and cohabit with any unmarried woman shall
thereafter be deemed the lawful husband of such
woman, and they shall be husband and, wife, and
subject to all the privileges and liabilities of that
relation.
Mr. CHANLER. The object of this is to
carry out the object of the bill, and to prevent
the seduction of female emigrant passengers
on their way across the ocean. It is an amend-
ment which is needed. One of the great sources
of trouble in emigration is the seduction of
women by the officers and men and by passen-
gers pretending to be married to those women,
and abandoning them and their children upon
reaching the shore. The object of this bill is
to embody the spirit of the law of the State of
New York regulating marriage. It has been
submitted to one of the gentlemen from New
York on the Committee of Commerce, [Mr.
Humi'HBEST.] who approves it as being in
accordance with the law of New York. I urge
it as a preventive measure, and doing no
injury to any one.
Mr. O'NEILL. I suggest to the House that
they will adopt the gentleman's amendment.
It certainly can do no harm, and it will pro-
tect the innocent in many cases.
Mr. COVODE. I would like to have the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Ciiaxler]
answer this question: if there should be im-
proprieties committed by one man on half a
dozen women how are they going to settle that
difficulty. [Laughter.]
Mr. GLOSSBRENNER. Send him to Utah.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CHANLER. My friend suggests send-
ing him to Utah. [Laughter.] But the gen-
tleman will understand that the compartments
of these immigrant ships are separated. They
have three kinds of compartments—one for
unmarried males, one for unmarried females,
and one for married males and females. Thcie-
fore it will be very easy for a petson claiming
to be married to a woman to gel access to the
cabin of married people, thereby doing great
injury to the women in that compartment and
great injury to the ship. The immorality,
therefore, will be sanctioned by your bill unless
you protect these women by some such pro-
vision. I ask for a vote.
The question being put, there were—ayes
fourteen.
Mr. CHANLER. I demand tellers.
Tellers were refused.
Mr. CHANLER. I move to amend by
adding at the end of section eighteen the fol-
lowing :
And such consular officer shall on proper and
satisfactory proof, be suspended lrom his otiico by
the Piesident, and on conviction bo removed lrom
otliec, and be thereafter disqualified from holding
any office of honor, trust, or profit under this gov-
ernment.
I will merely state that the eighteenth sec-
tion relates to infected ships sailing from
European ports to this country, and the object
of my amendment is to enforce more strictly
the duty of consols and consular agents of
inquiring into the condition of those towns
and townships from which theimmigrantcomes.
If he shall omit to protect the ship by proper
means he is to be liable to a severe penalty,
It is a necessary protection from those infec-
tious diseases which we have seen so frequently
prevailing on ship-board in the last few years.
The very case which gave rise to this bill,
called the pest ships, was one where the ship
started without proper precaution and with a
number of infected passengers. Had the con-
sular agent taken such proper precautions as
are called for in this bill, the great loss of life
in that case would have been prevented. I
propose simply a more stringent means of
securing the discharge of the duties of our
consular agents.
Mr. RANDALL. I suggest that the gentle-
man strike out the last part of the proposed
amendment.
Mr. CHANLER. Very well.
The amendment as modified was as follows:
And such consular officer shall, on proper and
satisfactory proof, be suspended from his office by
the President.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROOMALL. I suggest to my col-
league to move to strike out the last clause of
the bill, as follows:
Unless otherwise expressed or required by the con-
text, any word or expression hereinbefore defined,
01* other matter not expressed, and requisite in any
particular enactment herein to carry out the pur-
poses ot this act, shall be supplied on construction.
Mr. O'NEILL. I have no objection to
striking it out. If the gentleman from New
York will conclude his remarks now I will
call the previous question.
Mr. CHANLER. I will do so.
Mr. ROBINSON. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. O'Neill] what
did he mean by the remark made afew moments
ago that he intended at a future time to move
some amendment to the present law to prevent
immigrants arriving here from voting.
Mr. O'NEILL. I did not yield to the gen-
tleman ; but I will reply-
Mr. ROBINSON. If the gentleman does
not wish to yield I will take my seat.
Mr. O'NEILL. If the gentleman had lis-
tened to me he would have heard what I said.
I made no such proposition as he referred to.
Mr. ROBINSON. The gentleman is entirely
wrong about that matter.
Mr. CHANLER next addressed the House.
[See Appendix.]
Mr. O'NEILL. I now call the previous
question.
Mr. BROOKS. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania a question.
Mr. O'NEILL. T withdraw the call for the
previous question for that purpose.
Mr. BROOKS. The bill is a pretty long
one, and I have not had time to read it through.
My question is how he proposes in this bill to
regulate immigration in foreign vessels—in
foreign steamers, for instance? It was stated
here yesterday in debate, and is a fact well
known that most of the steamers which bring
immigrants to this country are foreign steamers,
under a foreign flag. How can this bill regu-
late and control those vessels?
Mr. O'NEILL. I will endeavor to answer
the gentleman. The existing laws relating to
the carrying of immigrant passengers are very
imperfect, and decisionshave been made against
their application to steamships. ^ This bill seeks
to apply the same penalties against the owners
or agents or consignees of steamships carrying
passengers as former laws applied to sailing
vessels. Now, sir, we do not say that by this
law we can regulate foreign vessels, but we
do say from what we learn from the represent-
ative of the Prussian Government, and the
representative of the British Government, and
the representatives of several steamship lines
running from other countries, that many Gov-
ernments will take action on this subject, and
we are now framing what we consider may be
the basis of a proper immigrant bill to suit all
the countries of the world.
Mr. BROOKS. The apprehension I have is
that unless this matter is regulated by treaty,
while these severe penalties are imposed on
our own vessels and none on foreign vessels,
the whole immigrant trade of the country will
be carried on in foreign bottoms.
Mr. O'NEILL. The bill, of course, seelcs
to impose penalties on all vessels which bring
immigrants. We can certainly enforce our law
when the vessels reach our shores. That right
has never been questioned ; there is no doubt
about that. I now call the previous question.
Theprevious question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr. ROBINSON. I call for the reading of
the engrossed bill.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Hous?
(at four o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.)
adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BANKS: A memorial of insurance
companies, ship-owners, and merchants of
New York, asking that measures may be taken
to establish the principle, as a part of inter-
national law, that after the cessation of hostili-
ties for one year between belligerent nations,
the state of war shall be deemed at ah end,
notwithstanding the absence £>f a formal treaty
or declaration of peace, signed by Francis
Skiddy, Grinnell, Minturn & Co., Russell
Sturgis, C. H. Marshall & Co., Howland &
Aspinwall, Nesmith & Sons, Charles Luling &
Co., Howland Frothingham, Snow & Burgess,
C. P. Fisher & Co., and others.
Also, a memorial of insurance companies,
ship-owners, and merchants of New York, ask-
ing that measures may be taken to establish
the principle as a part of international law,
that after the cessation of hostilities for one
year between beligerent nations, the state of
war shall be deemed at an end, notwithstand-
ing the absence of a formal treaty or declara-
tion of peace, signed by J. D. Jones, Atlantic
Mutual Insurance Company; John A. Parker,
Great Western Insurance Company; John H.
Lyell, New York Mutual Insurance Company;
J. R. Myers, Pacific Mutual Insurance Com-
pany, and others.
By Mr. BECK: The petition of Dr. William
S. Chipley, of Lexington, Kentucky, praying
that hissou, William Dudley Chipley, of Colum-
bus, Georgia, and others, now imprisoned at
Atlanta, be delivered by the military authori-
ties, by order of Congress, to the civil tribunals
for trial, according to the provisions of the
Constitution and laws. Said petition is accom-
panied by a number of affidavits, which are
made part of it.
By Mr. BUTLER : The petition of Gilbert
Pierce and others, for leave to build a bridge
over a portion of the navigable waters of the
harbor of Boston.
By Mr. GROVER: The petition of John
B. Bland, of the city of Louisville, Kentucky,
for compensation for buildings destroyed by
fire in said city by Federal soldiers.
By Mr. KERR: A memorial of Simeon K.
Wolfe, W. L. Carter, William N. Tracewelf,
H. S. Wolfe, Alanson Stephens, S. M. Stock-
slager, Henry Zenor, M. M. Hon, Edward Har-
bison, Morgan B. Clark, John L. Wolford, and
others, for the relief of Jacob Biggs, whose
eyes were destroyed in battle in the late war.
By Mr. STOKES: The petition for the relief
of J ames M. Marshal, of La Fayette, Tennessee.
