1226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
beyond the sum of $1,000 in any one year, and all
moneys received by any consul or consul general
trom any consular agencies or vice consulates, In
excess ol $1,000 111 the aggregate from all such agen-
cies or vice consulates, shall be accounted for and
Paid into the treasury of the United States; and ao
greater sum than $500 shall he allowed for the ex
ponse of any vice consulate or consular agency.
AIi. ILI Blvb. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding thereto the following:
Provided, That hereafter the compensation of eon-
«nSS paries do not under existing
(aw exceed $1,500, and the fees collected at the con-
sulates where tbey are located and paid into the
Ireasury ol the United States, amount to $3,000,
shall be $2,000 per annum.
I feel some interest in the adoption of this
amendment, as I have one or two friends hold-
ing official positions imposing upon them a
large amount of consular business while they
have next to no compensation. I have invest-
igated the subject in their behalf, and have
come to the conclusion that by the plan pro-
posed in my amendment the compensation of
these consuls can be regulated with a nearer
approach to equality and justice than in any
other way. There are some consulates which
have next to no busin«ss and a large compen-
sation, while there are other consulates which
have un immense business bringing in many
small fees, while there is very little compen-
sation attached to the office. In drawing this
amendment I have had in my mind these two
classes of consulates: those in which the salary
is large and the business small, and those in
which the business is large and the salary
small. For instance, during the last year the
consul at Liepsic collected as fees $7,710, and
his compensation is but $1,500. The consul at
Matamoras collected $8,000 as fees, and his
compensation is $1,500. The consul at To-
ronto collected $8,000 as fees and received hut
$1,500 as compensation. The consul at Fort
Erie collected over five thousand dollars as
fees, while his pay was but $1,500. in each
of these cases the consul is obliged to employ
a clerk for his assistance. Hence it will be
seen the compensation is extremely small.
My amendment proposes that the pay of these
officers shall be dependent upon the amount
of their business; that wherever the consuls
now receive $1,500 they shall, if their fees
amount to $S,0iX), receive a salary of $2,000.
I send to the Clerk's desk to be read a recom-
mendation from the Fifth Auditor in relation
to this subject.
The Clerk read as follows:
"X solicit your attention to the gratifying fact that
during the last year, for the first time in the history
of the Government, our oonsular system was self-
supporting—the statement showing an exccss over
all expenses of $91,900 62. In view of this condition
of things, so long aimed at, but hitherto uuattaincd
by the Government, I respectfully submit to you,
hoping that the subject may be brought before Con-
gress, the propriety of increasing the salaries at-
tached to many of our principal consulates. It is a
notorious fact that our consuls receive less compen-
sation than those of any other considerable Power
in Christendom, and, as a consequcnce, the dignity
and credit of the country are oHen made to suffer j
abroad. Many of our foreign representatives are
wholly unable to maintain an equality with those of
other Powers by reason of their insufficient salaries,
which, so for from supplying means to sustain any
social or official consequence, are hardly adequate to
support the consul's iamilyin the piainestamanner.
It is believed that a just and liberal increase of oon-
sular salaries as above suggested would in many re-
spects inure to the essential advantage of the (*ov-
ernment."
The amendment of Mr. Peters to the
amendment of Mr. Washburne, of Illinois,
was adopted; there being—ayes sixty, noes
not counted.
The question recurred on the amendment ol
Mr. Washbukxe, of Illinois.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I modify
my amendment by adding to it the following:
Insert after the word " specified," in line one hun-
dred and eight, thewords " excep t I;hose above:named
receiving lees;" so as to make the lirat part ot the
P™" °-rferffThat no consul general consuls, consu-
lar agents, or commercial agents shall be paid except
those specified in this aet; and all laws and Parts ot
laws tuoviding for the appointment or paymentipi
any other consular oflieers than those hi this act spe-
cified, exempt tliose above named receiving lees, are
hereby lepealed.
Mr. 1JOLMAN. I move to amend the
amendment by adding the following additional
proviso:
Provided further, That the sums authorised to he
paid as salaries by this act shall be paid on the basis
of the lawful money of the United States, as other
salaries of officers of the United States arc paid, add-
ing thereto only the sums necessary for exchange.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. These con-
suls collect their fees in coin in the foreign
countries where they are stationed.
Mr. BLAINE. They pay themselves from
the moneys which they collect.
Mr. HOLMAN. There is nothing, Mr,
Chairman, in the suggestion of the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Wasiiburne] which mili-
tates against the proposition I have presented.
My amendment simply proposes that the sala-
ries of the officers provided for in this bill shall
be put on exactly the same footing as all other
salaries of officers of the United States; that
in fixing these salaries we shall legislate with
reference to the existing currency of the coun-
try. Why should the salary of the consul gen-
eral of Canada, $4,000, be paid in coin, while
another officer receiving a salary of $4,000, and
stationed, perhaps, just this side of the Canada
line, is obliged to receive his salary in cur-
rency? There is certainly no good reason for
this discrimination; and there is a reason based
on economy for putting all these salaries on
the same footing. I say, further, that no class
of salaries paid by the Government are in the
main so high as those paid to the officers rep-
resenting this country abroad—our ministers
resident, consuls general, and consuls. These
salaries are now greatly beyond the salaries for
corresponding service of officers within the
limits of our country. I think our officers
abroad who occupy mere sinecures should not
be placed on a higher salary.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am op-
posed to the amendment, and ask for the vote.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. Wasiirurne's amendment, asamended,
was adopted.
The Clerk read as follows:
For salaries of commissioners and consuls general
to liayti and Liberia,811,500: Provided, That any of-
ficer of the Army or Navy of the United States, who
shall, after the passage of this act, accept or hold
any appointment in the civil service of the Govern-
ment, shall be considered as having resigned hia said
office, and the place held by him in the military or
naval service shall bo deemed and taken to be va-
cant, and shall be filled in the same manner as if said
offieer had resigned the same: And provided further.
That no diplomatic or consular officer shall receive
salary for the time during which he maybe absent
from his post, by leave or otherwise, if such absence
shall exceed sixty days in any one year.
Mr. PIKE. I make the point of order those
provisos are not in order, because they are
independent legislation upon an appropriation
bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and the provisos will be stricken
out.
Mr. BUTLER. I move to amend in line one
hundred and twenty-seven, by striking out the
word " commissioners'' and inserting in lieu
thereof " ministers residentand further, to
insert after "Liberia," inline onehundred and
twenty-eight, the words "Dominican repub-
lic." The reason why [ desire to change from
"commissioners" to "ministers resident" is
this: that commissioners have no diplomatic
station; and I desire there shall be made no
difference between the republic of Hayti, the
Dominican republic, and the republic of Li-
beria and other nations in their diplomatic
relations. If we are to have ministers resi-
dent anywhere they ought as well be stationed
there, so they can send ministers resident here
who shall be entitled to the same diplomatic
and other courtesies as ministers from other
countries.
As to the Dominican republic we have now
no minister and no consul general there; and
it is of importance we should have some-
body there, for the protection of our citizens.
The republic of Hayti and the Dominican
republic are at war, and wherever war is
raging between two nations, whether large or
small, there should be somebody representing
us with both, to protect the political and other
rights of our citizens. Therefore, I have
moved to add the Dominican republic.
I am more anxious, however, on the ques-
tion of putting these Powers upon an equal
footing with the other Powers of the earth as
to their representatives. If we mean what we
say here as to the equality of men and nations
in their rights then let it be so understood ; if
we do not, let that also be understood.
ADDITIONAL BOUNTY.
The committee informally rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Hol-
man, from the Committee on _ Enrolled Bills,
reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled House bill No. 127, in relation
to additional bounty, when the Speaker signed
the same.
The committee then resumed its session.
CONSULAR, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has been rather late in making bis
discovery about these ministers to Hayti and
San Domingo. Why did he not insert the prop-
osition in connection with the Sandwich Isl-
ands? Does it make a difference as, to the
color? He must be aware, too, he is increas-
ing the expenses of the Government by estab-
lishing this minister resident at the Dominican
republic. No matter what is the color of its
people—I will not discuss that—it has never,
by its position or population, been entitled to a
minister resident. It is a place no bigger than
Liliput. It is a place of no importance. Why-
send two ministers resident to the Island of
San Domingo, Hayti being at one end and the
Dominican republic at the other'! Why this
increased and unnecessary expense? Is it
because there happens to be colored people
there? There are hundreds of places where
there are white people of far more importance
to us than Hayti or Liberia, but they are not
included. This is due, I presume, because
these people are negroes and without regard
to the increased expense.
[Here the hammer fell. ]
Mr. BANKS. I move pro forma to strike
out the last word of the amendment. I ap-
prove of the proposition of my colleague, [Mr.
Botler.] 1 recognize what may be by some
considered a valid objection, which has been
stated by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks,] that the condition of the Government
may not be such as to justify a mission of the
class proposed. It is possible, as in the other
cases presented to the committee, that the peo-
ple of Hayti and San Domingo are not such as
we can recognize as upon an entirely equal
footing with those of other and more advanced
States. I say nothing about that. Let every
gentleman express his own opinion in that re-
gard. It is possible there may be objections
of that kind. But, sir, we do not send min-
isters to any people on the ground that they are
good or bad, black or white. We send them
to represent the interests of this country, and
the position whicli States occupy is sometimes
more important to us than the character of the
people or the success of the Government. I
think this country ought to be represented in
Hayti and San Domingo with a view to the
future destiny of that part of this continent. It
must be perfectly evident to every member of
the committee that a new destiny is opening
upon the West India Islands. That political
power that has held them together and con-
trolled them for so many generations is grad-
ually breaking up, and they are about to form
new and important relations with other States
world, ari(i in that regard our interest iu
them is of vast importance. It is known, it
has been declared over and over again by
almost every Administration of this Govern-
ment for the last fifty years, that no European
Power is to be permitted by this country to
strengthen its territorial or political interests
in the West Indies, and that we must resist the
acquisition of power by States which have not
yet obtained a foothold in that quarter.
