1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4299
upon the faith and under the authority of laws
still standing upon the statute-book, thus keep-
ing up from year to year this variety in the
forms of our public debt. The policy which
I advocate is to wipe out as far as practicable
all these distinctions, and come, at first grad-
ually, afterward more rapidly, under a provision
the foundation of which we propose shall be
laid now, to a general consolidation ot the whole
debt at a low rate of interest, and with such
length of time to run as will enable us to com-
mand credit in themarkots of the world at that
rate of interest.
I am, for one, hopeful that by commencing
in this way we may bring about at no distant
period such a condition of things that the
United States Government, with all our im-
mense resources, with all our extraordinary
capabilities upon which to found credit, shall
not be compelled to hawk its bonds around the
world, seeking to make terms of payment at
this, that, or the other foreign city, or upon
this, that, or the other rate of high interest, in
order to command that credit to which I think
those resources should entitle us.
But the condition of my health admonishes
me that I cannot venture to-day to continue
this discussion further than to call the atten-
tion of the House to what is really the question
as to the principal features of difference in the
two systems presented. That question is this:
shall we commence now a system of consoli-
dation, issuing our bonds of such character
and for such time as that we may command
credit at a low rate of interest; or shall we go
on multiplying in the securities we may put
forth the varieties of shape that have heretofore
been given to the evidences of our public debt,
so as to keep up for an unlimited period this
same system of temporary expedients for dif-
ferent lengths of time, and under different cir-
cumstances, and at different rates?
Mr. BOUTWELL. I yield five minutes to
the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Pike.]
Mr. PIKE. Mr. Speaker, 1 do' not propose
to discuss the propositions which have been
discussed by the gentlemen who have just
spoken. I wish simply to call the attention of
the House to the fact that there are three prop-
ositions now pending before the House : first,
the Senate proposition; second, the propo-
sition of the Committee of Ways and Means as
modified by the Committee of the Whole ; and
third, the proposition of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Boutwell.]
In my judgment, Mr. Speaker, the Senate
bill contains provisions which are superior to
either that of the Committee of Ways and
Means or that of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts. The most important provision in this
whole matter, as it seems to me, is that allow-
ing contracts to be made in gold. The Senate
adopted the provision, carefully guarded, that
hereafter any person who chooses may make a
contract payable in gold. It was ail indication
on their part that possibly at some time here-
after, however distant, gold and silver may
again form a currency iu this country. _ It was
recognizing that fact in a very unobtrusive way,
to say that the people of this country, who are
now practically debarred from the use of gold j
and silver, may, if they please, make contracts i
payable in that currency. To me that was the
attractive feature of the Senate bill. But that
was struck out by the Committee of Ways and
Means, and their position has been sustained
by the Committee of the Whole.
Another provision in the Senate bill was for
higher rates of interest than those provided
by the Committee of Ways and Means. I
endeavored in the Committee of the Whole
to get the rate of interest fixed at a practical
point. I am as desirous as any gentleman
here to go home to my constituents and say
that I voted for a low rate of interest; but I do
not wish to be absurd about it. I wish to go
home and tell them that I voted for a rate of
interest at which I think these loans can be
taken ; but I submit. Mr. Speaker, whether ii
be not somewhat, absurd to say to a man now
holding our bonds with interebtat six percent.
payable in gold, " You may voluntarily, with-
out the slightest compulsion, exchange those
bonds which have now practically fifteen years
to run for bonds with interest at three and
sixty-five hundredths in gold." Would any
of us be willing to make such an exchange?
I desired to fix the rate of interest at four per
cent., which seemed to be as low as would in-
duce the taking of the bonds. We might try
it at that rate, and if it could be done no harm
would result.
The Committee of the Whole have presented
to this House for its adoption the further prop-
osition that those who took our bonds in the
dark hours of war, when it was a patriotic im-
pulse that moved them to do it, shall be taxed
five per cent, upon the interest arising from
them, and that the tax shall be paid when the
interest is paid out to them ; but that the for-
eigner, who bought bonds at second-hand after
the war had proved that this Republic would live
and would pay, and the national banks, which
come into existence after this war was practi-
cally decided at Vicksburg and Gettysburg, and
bought bonds as a matter of business, shall not
be taxed the same as the man who took them
from a patriotic purpose.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts allow me to ask the gentleman
from Maine a question?
Mr. BOUTWELL. I will, if it does not
give rise to debate.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Maine, as it is in the line of his
argument, and as he has said he would not allow
the creditor, that he would not insult the pub-
lic creditor to ask him to take 
Mr. PIKE. I did not say anything about
insulting him, but that it was absurd to offer it
to him.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Very well. Now, is he
willing and in favor of paying those creditors
whose debts are now due m '-greenbacks?"
Mr. PilCE. If we had the "greenbacks"
I would, but we have not, the i! greenbacks."
Mr. ELDRIDGE. You are in favor of
paying in "greenbacks?"
Mr. PIKE. Certainly I am, if we had the
"greenbacks;" but I am not in favor of issu-
ing a batch of "greenbacks " for that purpose.
Is the gentleman in favor of that?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I am in favor of paying
the five-twenties now out in that way.
Mr. PIKE. Is the gentleman willingto issue
"greenbacks " for that purpose?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I want the gentleman to
answer me.
Mr. PIKE. I am in favorof paying "green-
backs" if we had them, but not having them
we can pay no " greenbacks." Is the gentle-
man in favor of issuing "greenbacks" for the-
purpose of paying tliem?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. lam in favor of with-
drawing the national currency in order to
supply its place with "greenbacks," and pay
our debts. How is the gentleman on the
subject?
Mr. PIKE. Would that give us a single
dollar with which to pay the bonds if we suc-
ceeded in taking up the 5300,000,000 of
national bank circulation with " greenbacks?''
Mr. ELDIUDGE. Will the gentleman an-
swer as candidly and as fairly as I have ?
Mr. PIKE. You have not answered at all.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is the gentleman in favor
of withdrawing the national currency and sup-
plying its place with " greenbacks? '
Mr. PIKE. I am willing to withdraw paper
of every kind as soon as possible, and to go at
once to a specie basis. I would make gold
national and paper sectional.
Mr. ELDlllDGE. Does not the gentleman
know we have not gold enough to pay our
debts?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. MULLINS. Regular order!
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The regular order on
that side is to cut off debate on this side of the
House.
Mr. MYERS. 1 hope the time will he ex-
tended, so as to allow the gentleman from Wis-
consin to answer the question.
The SPEAKER. For how long?
Mr. MYERS. Sufficient time to answer the
question.
Mr. MULLINS. I object.
Mr. PIKE. The question is, Will the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin issue "greenbacks"
for the purpose, of" paying the public debt?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is entitled to the floor.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Perhaps I am practi-
cing upon the good nature of my friend from
Massachusetts.
Mr. BOUTWELL. It is the best practice
the gentleman has been engaged in.
Mr. PIKE. It is difficult to get the gentle-
man to .answer.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I have answered without
reserve, but the gentleman from Maine does
not answer at all.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I only wish to say in
reply to the remarks made by the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, that
the question whether our bonds shall be all of
one sort and payable at the same time is to
me, and I believe to the tax-payers of the coun-
try, a very unimportant matter compared with
such a disposition of the public indebtment as
shall enable us to pay our obligations when it
is convenient for us to do so. 1 think that the
point to be reached is a more important one
even than the rate of interest that we pay.
When the Committee of Ways and Means
reported three and sixty-five hundredths inter-
est I had doubts whether any loan would be
taken anywhere at that rate; but I am pretty
well satisfied that a large portion of the^ pres-
ent securities will be exchanged early into a
long loan at throe and sixty-five hundredths
interest, both principal and interest payable
in coin, and payable abroad.
Mr. RANDALL. I would like to know what
warrant the gentleman litis for that statement.
Where does he get his knowledge that, our
creditors will exchange a six per cent, bond
for a bond paying only three and sixty-five
hundredths interest?
Mr. BO UT WELL. There is a doubt exist-
ing as to the nature of the obligation assumed
by the country in regard to the five-twenty
bonds.
Mr. RANDALL. Do you think they will
do that yourself?
Mr. BOUTWELL. I am of opinion that
three fourths of all the bonds held abroad will be
exchanged into the bonds contemplated by the
third clause of the first section of the amend-
ment which I propose. I am of that opinion
from information received from German bank-
ers, and I am of that opinion from my own
reflections as to what would be their interest.
Mr. RANDALL. I would like to ask the
gentleman this question : Do you believe these
live-twenty bonds are payable in gold?
Mr. BOUTWELL. Ah!
Mr. RANDALL. That is the milk in the
cocoanut.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I will state exactly what
my opinion is upon that subject. When we
issued $500,000,000 of five-twenties we stipu-
lated to the public creditors that the United
States notes known as greenbacks should never
be issued in excess of 9100,000,000. That
was the first stipulation. The second stipula-
tion was that we would not, compel payment
under five years. But there was a stipulation
over and above the law, inherent in the very
nature of society, iu the experience and tradi-
tion of all mankind, that every nation in its
senses, actuated by au honest purpose, if when
struggling with vicissitudes it was obliged to
resort to forced loans and extraordinary means
of raising money by which its credit was im-
paired and its securities are forced below ttie
par value of gold; that such a nation
make every honest effort possible for the:Re-
sumption if specie payments and the■ les o>. -
* •  dhassags SSSST^K
of !W2, it does not appeal' bejoud all cavil
