1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2251
is the reason why I insist that the limit that
was established before the war is a very low
limit, it it is established now. I have a letter
from the Navy Department in which they
remonstrate against its being reduced as low
as I propose to reduce it. They say that if
we pass this bill as it stands, without the
amendment of the Senator from New York,
that they must withdraw a very large portion
of each of their squadrons.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have the letter.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not think I have got it
here.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Idid not doubt your state-
ment, but I should like to hear what they say.
Mr. GRIMES. I have such a letter as that,
and T know they are opposed to this reduction,
thinking that they will be compelled to very
materially reduce each one of the squadrons
that they have now afloat; but everybody
knows they are down as low as the Senator
from New York admits, lower than they were
before I he war.
Mr. DRAKE". Before the Senator takes his
seat there are one or two points about which
I should like to have authentic information.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know whether I
can give it or not.
Mr. DRAKE. Is it not true that the average
size of the vessels that we have in commission
now is much larger than it was before the war?
Are they not of greater tonnage, larger size,
and requiring more men to man them?
Mr. GRIMES. I think they require more
men in proportion to the tonnage than they
did before the war. I do not think they are
larger than they were before the war, but they
require more men in proportion to the size
than they did before.
Mr. DRAKE. Did I not understand the
Senator from Iowa to say a little while ago
that before the war of all the vessels that we had
alloat in the Navy there were only ten steamers?
Mr. GRIMES. I do not think we ever had
ten steamers afloat before the war, unless, per-
haps, we had them during the Paraguay expe-
dition, and they were little river steamers.
Mr. DRAKE. Are not all the vessels now
in commission steamers?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir. I think we had
only ten steamers in all before the war, and
not more than one or two of them, I think,
were in service.
Mr. DRAKE. Now, all the vessels we have
in service are steamers, are they not?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir; all of them.
Mr. DRAKE. And they require a great
many more men than sailing vessels?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir. Just as the war
broke out we had built the Richmond and
Hartford, and one or two more, but they were
in a sort of comatose state, I believe.
Mr. SPRAGUE. One idea, 1 believe, has
not been expressed by any Senator in this de-
bate, and that is, that the size of the guns now
used is different from the size used before the
war. It is well known that a vessel now car-
rying four eleven, thirteen, or fifteen inch guns
has a greater capacity than a vessel carrying
seventy-live guns before the war. It is also
well known that one thirty-two or forty-four
pounder would employ about the same num-
ber of men as is now employed upon these very
large guns. It is evident, therefore, that the
number of men required to be employed upon
a vessel of the same capacity now is much less
than the number required to be employed upon
a vessel before the war.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 have to say, in reply to
that, that there is not a fifteen-inch gun afloat
in the first place, and, in the second place, that
the number of men to man a gun is exactly in
proportion to the increase of the capacity of
the gun.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
New York, upon which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
The question, being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 20 : as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buekalew, Cattell,Chandler, Cole,
Conkling, Corbett, Edmunds, Fowler, Henderson,
Howard, MeCreery, Morgan, Patterson of New Hamp-
shire, Patterson of Tennessee, Ramsey, Salisbury,
Sherman.Sprague, Thayer, Trumbull, Viekers.Wade.
and 5fates—23.
NAYS—Me?srs.Conness,Cragiti,Davis, Dixon, Doo-
li tile, Drake, Fessciidiyi.Frclingliuysen, Grimes, Hen-
dricks, Johnson, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont Norton, Nye.Poineroy, Ross, Sumner, Tipton,
and Williams—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cameron,
Ferry, Howe, llarian, Morton, Stewart, Van Winkle,
Willey, and Wilson—11.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move to amend
the bill on page 8, line one hundred and sev-
enty-six, under the head of " for expenses of
Naval Observatory," by striking out the word
"two" and inserting "three" before the word
" watchmen," so as to give them an additional
watchman. I have been called upon by Pro-
fessor Pierce and other gentlemen connected
with that institution, who say it is indispen-
sable that they should have an additional watch-
man there. The word "watchman" conveys
but an imperfect idea of the duties to be per-
formed. The committee had supposed that
these watchmen were simply persons to guard
the building, but they have other duties, such
as making scientific observations during the
night, and they are qualified for that service,
and the representation is that the service would
be crippled without this additional watchman.
I hope the Senate will agree to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On page 11,
line two hundred and forty-two, under the head
of "Bureau of Medicine and Surgery," I move
to strike out "thirty-two" and insert "sixty;"
so that the clause will read :
For pay of the civil establishment under this
bureau, at the several Navy hospitals and navy-
yards, $60,000.
I offer this amendmentby the recommenda-
tion of the committee upon further considera-
tion. The estimate was $73,365, and the
House of Representatives reduced it to $32,-
000; but the committee are satisfied upon ex-
amination that such a reduction would cripple
the service to a very great extent.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I offer an amendment to
insert as an additional section the following:
And be it further enacted, That all unexpended ap-
propriations existing on the 1st day of July next for
any of the several heads of appropriation provided
for in this act shall be carried to the surplus fund,
unless the same is necessary to pay expenditures
inaflr. during the present li«eal year, or unless the
same is necessary to execute contracts made before
said date.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to know who
offers that amendment?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have offered it after
careful examination and consideration by the
committee. The amendment simply makes
the same proposition in regard to the Navy
that was made in regard to the Army, except
that the last clause, the Senator wilt see, re-
serves the right to execute contracts, and re-
serves enough money to execute and complete
all contracts.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to inquire
of the chairman of the committee whether the
proposition as offered and adopted by the Sen-
ate to the Army appropriation bill was finally
incorporated in th&aet?
• Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It has not yet
been agreed upon.
Mr. CONNESS. I am entirely satisfied,
from some investigations made by me, that
this proposition applied to either of those bills
will be a great injury to the public service.
The difference between this amendment and
the proposition offered of the same class by
the Senator from Ohio to the Army appropri-
ation bill is, as he states it, that in this case
contracts are excluded. There is a great deal
of business going on in the administration of
each of those Departments, to be paid from
unexpended appropriations, that cannot be
included as contracts; and I think that such a
proposition as, this, without consulting the
head of the Department as to the effect of it,
is a very injudicious one at least, and I hope
it will not be adopted. After the proposition
was made to the Army appropriation bill I had
some conversation with,the Secretary of War,
and he said the result of it, if adopted, would
be to utterly destroy that branch of the ser-
vice, and if the gentlemen who had proposed
it and voted for it had consulted the Depart-
ment they never would have adopted it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Since the debate the
other day I have examined this subject care-
fully, and I assure the Senate there is no prac-
tical difficulty in the way. I have submitted
this amendment to different members of the
Committee on Appropriations around me, and
there is no possible difficulty about it.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to ask the
Senator if he submitted it 
Mr. SHERMAN. Wait until I get through
and then I will answer any questions. It may
possibly embarrass the Departments a little by
cutting off facilities they have had heretofore
of making payments without authority of law.
Now, I will recall the facts to the Senate.
There are over one hundred million dollars of
unexpended appropriations for the support of
the Army, for a multitude of heads of appro-
priations, which they are carrying along on the
books of the Treasury Department, and out of
which they are paying money never appropri-
ated by Congress. This is caused by the lap-
ping of appropriations during the war made for
a great number of purposes not necessary for
a peace establishment; and out of these unex-
pended balances they are paying expenditures
that we have no control over whatever. It
would have been better at the close of the war
to have carried the whole of these to the sur-
plus fund; but it was not done. The amend-
ment offered in regard to the Army has been
agreed to, slightly modified, as I understand,
by the Committee on Appropriations, and this
amendment carefully saves sufficient to carry
into execution existing contracts.
To avoid all difficulty I will offer another
section as another amendment calling upon the
Secretary of the Treasury for estimates in his
next annual estimates of such balances as are
indispensably necessary to carry into execu-
tion existing contracts, &c. That next section
will enable us to provide for every possible
inconvenience. If we do not do this there is
no use for appropriation bills, and we had better
notgo through the farce of passing them. The
balances of unexpended appropriation now for
the support of the Army are more than twice
the aggregate of the appropriations for the sup-
port of the Army; and if they can transfer
appropriations from one head to another, or
lap them over from year to year, the process
by which you go through the form of annual
appropriations is a simple farce, perfectly idle
and futile. They may carry on the operations
of this Government without an appropriation
bill at all. It is a necessary and high public
duty for Congress, seeking to have a proper
control over the expenditures, to put an end to
these unexpended balances, so that no money
can be drawn from the Treasury except in pur-
suance of law. One of the greatest guards of
the Constitution is the power given to Congress
over the public Treasury. No money can be
drawn forany purpose from fbe'freasury except
in pursuance of an appropriation by law.
During the war we made a multitude of
appropriations without a careful analysis, with-
out the ordinary checks and restraints that have
usually been put upon appropriations, and al-
though the war has been over for three years
these have been lapped over and lapped over
and continued on the books of the Treasury
Department and are now within the control
ot the heads of the Navy and War Depart-
ments. This is an unwise and impropei dis-
cretion to be left to any officers, however ex-
alted their position, or however pure they may
be. The law and the Constitution contemplate
that money should only be paid for the War
aud Navy Departments upon appropriations
made by law, and we cannot have out control
over the public expenditures uutilwe carry all
of these unexpended balances to the surplus
