1228
the congressional globe.
Mr. MUNGEN. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
then 7 that the committee rise. '
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Welker
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally and particularly bill of the House
1 1 ™akmg appropriations for the con-
sular and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending 80th June, X8G9, and
for other purposes, and had come to no resolu-
tion thereon.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that when the House shall again resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on this bill all debate on the pend-
ing proposition be closed in one minute.
1 he motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the House resolve itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union and
resume the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 718) making appropriations for the con-
sular and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending 30th June, 1869, and
for other purposes.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Welker in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 718) making appropriations for the con-
sular and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending 30th June, 1809, and
for other purposes.
The pending question was upou the amend-
ment of Mr. Brooks to the amendment of Mr.
Butler.
Mr. BROOKS. I withdraw my amendment
to the amendment.
The question recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Butler.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
that the committee will reject the amendment
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Butler.] I trust-we shall not establish this
new mission and create the additional expense.
Mr. BUTLER. I withdraw the amendment.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and read the last paragraph, as follows:
For the payment of the second annual installment
of the proportion contributed by the United States
toward the capitalization of the Scheldt dues, to ful-
fill the stipulations contained in thefourth article of
the convention between the United States and Bel-
gium of the 20th of May, 1863, the sum of $55,384 in
coin, and such farther sum as may be necessary to
carry out the stipulation of the convention provid-
ing for payment of interest on the said sum and on
tile portion of the principal remaining unpaid.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is
a mistake in this paragraph in speaking of the
"second annual installment." I move to
strike out "second" and insert "fourth."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I _move
that the committee rise, and repoit the bill and
amendments.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Welker
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally and particularly the bill of the House
No. 718, making appropriations for the con-
sular and diplomatic expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending 30th June, 1809,
and for other purposes, and had directed him
to report the same with sundry amendments.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
the following amendment, to come m as the
second section of the bill:
And be it further enacted. That any officer of the
Army or Navy of the United States who shall, attei
the passage of this act, accept or hold soy ;appoint
merit in the civil service of the government, shall be
considered as having resigned his said omee, and tne
place held by him in the military or naval service
shall be deemed and taken to be vacant, and shall
l>c filled in tho same manner as if said officer had re-
signed the same; and that no diplomatic or consular
February 17,
officer shall receive salary for the time daring which
• absent from his post, by leave or other-
wise, if such absence shall exceed sixty days in any
one year.
Mr. PIKE. I raise the point of order on
this amendment that it is independent legisla-
tion, and is not proper, under the rules, in an
appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustaii
point of order. The Clerk will read Ru:
as given on page 14 of the Digest,  
plies to all amendments whether in Committee
of the Whole or in the House.
The Clerk read as follows:
" No appropriation shall be reported in such gen-
eral appropriation bills, or be in order as an amend-
ment thereto, for any expenditure not picviously
authorized by law, unless in continuations of appro-
priations for such public works and objects as are
already m progress, and lor the contingencies lor
carrying on the several departments of the Govern-
ment. '—Rule 120. [It has been decided that under
tins rule it is not in order to propose an amendment
to a general appropriation bill, which changes an
existing law.—Journal 1, 38, pages 59S, 599.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As the
Chair decides tlie amendment out of order
under the rule, I move to suspend the rules for
the purpose of offering the amendment.
Mr. MIUYN. Is that motion in order ?
The SPEAKER. The motion is in order,
and is not debatable.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
I did not suppose that any technical objection
would be made to this amendment. I did not
suppose that any member would raise the point
of order upon it. I desire to call the attention
of the House for one moment to the provisions
of the amendment, and then 1 desire to see
whether any gentleman here will declare him-
self opposed to it.
The amendment provides, in the first place,
that any officer of the Army or Navy of the
United States who shall, after the passage of
this act, accept or hold any appointment in
the civil service of the Government shall be
considered as having resigned his said office,
and the place held by him in the military or
naval service shall be deemed and taken to be
vacant, and shall be filled in the same manner
as if said officer had resigned the same.
I wish to call the attention of the House to
what at present exists. These military and
naval officers get these foreign appointments
and go abroad without sending in resignations
of their positions in the Army or Navy, still
holding on to them, thus preventing their
vacancies from being filled and the promotion
of those under them.
Mr. PIIGBY. Has the gentleman been in-
structed by the Committee on Appropriations
to press this amendment, or^is it offered on
his own motion? ""
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It was put
into the bill by the instruction of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. That committee
believed it to be a proper one, and did not
believe any member here would object to it.
Now, wjiat is the last part of the amend-
ment? It provides that no diplomatic or con-
sular officer shall receive salary for the time
during which he may be absent from his post,
by leave or otherwise, if such absence shall
exceed sixty days in any one year.
Mr. SPALDING. I rise to a point of order,
that a motion to suspend the rules is not
debatable.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The rules were suspended.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the previous question.
Mr. PIKE. I wish to state to the House, in
a few minutes, why this should not be put upon
the bill without proper discussion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman would not permit it to be discussed in
the Committee of tho Whole on the state of
the Union. He made the point of order on it,
and now I object.
Mr. PIKE. I hope the House will not sec-
ond the demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER stated the question would
first be taken on the amendments of the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
First amendment:
Page 2, line twelve, after "Turkey" insert
"Greece."
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Page 4, line sixty-seven, under heading of "Con-
sulates, schedule i>," insert "Chemnitz."
The amendment was concurred in.
Third amendment:
Pago 5, line one hundred and five, after the word
" consuls" insert " except those consuls whose com-
pensation is by fees and no," so that it will read :
v. commercial agexcies.
Schedule C.
Amoor river, Apia, Gaboon, Saint Paul de Loando,
including loss by ex oh an ire thereon, &4S.OOO: Pro-
vided', That no consul general, consuls, except those
consuls whoso compensation is by fees, and no con-
sular agents, or commercial agents shall be paid
except those specified in this act, and all laws and
parts of laws providing for the appointment or pay-
ment of any other consular officers than those in thia
act specified are hereby repealed.
The amendment was concurred in-.
Fourth amendment:
Line one hundred and eight, same page, after the
word " specified," insert " except those above speci-
fied who are paid by fees."
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
Page 5, strike out "and all moneys received for
fees at any viee consulate or consular agency of the
United States beyond the sum of $1,000 in any one
year shall be accounted for and paid into the Treas-
ury in tho same manner as other moneys received by
consular officers for the United States," and in lieu
thereof insert the following:
And all moneys received for fees at any vice-con-
sulate or consular agency of the United States beyond
the sum of $1,000 in any one year, and all moneys
received by any consul or consul general from any
consular agcncies or vice consulates in excess of
$1,000 in the aggregate from all such agencies or vico
consulates, shall be accounted for aud paid into tho
Treasury of the United States; and no greater sum
than £500 shall be all owed for the expense of any viee
oonsulate or consular agency: Provided, That here-
after the compensation of consuls, whose annual sal-
aries do not under existing law exceed 81,500 and the
fees collected at the consulates where they are located
and paid into the Treasury of the United States
amount to S3,000, shall bo $2,000 per annum.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
In line one hundred and forty-eight strike out "sec-
ond" and insert "fourth," so that it will read "fourth
annual installment."
Tho amendment was concurred in.
The next question was upon the amendment
proposed by Mr. Washburne, of Illinois, under
a suspension of the rules, to add a new section,
as follows:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That any officer
of tho Army or Navy of the United States who shall,
after the passage of this act, accept or hold any ap-
pointment m the civil service of the Government,
shall be considered as having resigned his said office,
and tho place held by him in the militarv or naval
service shall be deemed and taken to be vacant, and
shall be filled in the same manner as if said officer
had resigned the same.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment proposed by Mr.WiSH-
burne, of Illinois, under a suspension of the
rules, was to add the following as a new section:
• And be it further enacted. That no diplo-
matic or consular officer shall receivc salarv for the
time during which he may be absent from his post,
by leave or otherwise, if such absence shall exceed
sixty days m any one year.
The amendment was concurred in.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
KATE WRIGHT ADAMS.
On motion of Mr. CORNELL, the petition
i ^r*&kt Adams was withdrawn from
the Committee oa Invalid Pensions, in order
that the same might be referred to the Pen-
sion Bureau.
