THE CON#KESSIOM^ GLOBE
Aprils
-fund. Then on the 1st of July next we com-
mence with a new fiscal year. We are now
making -animal appropriations for the service
of the next fiscal year. This section does not
commence until the 1st of July, and the reser-
vation is contained carefully that there shall
be sufficient appropriations to pay all moneys
that has already been expended during -the
caTrent fiscal year, to execute all contracts
-made before the 1st of July next, and then the
next annual appropriations come in and sup-
ply all the wants of the public service.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Ohio allow me to inquire what has become of
the bill that we passed some days ago 011 this
very subject in regard to carrying over appro-
priations.
Mr. SHERMAN. That related only to the
Army appropriations, and was attached to the
Army bill, and after the bill was passed J
understand it was recalled and is now in the
hands of the Committee on Appropriations.
This amendment applies the same thing to the
Navy, nothing else; indeed, it is not quite so
broad. The amendment I now introduce in
regard to the Navy is not quite so broad as was
the proposition with regard to the Army.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 am very much in favor
of the provision; but why not make one pro-
vision to cover all these Departments?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say to the Senator
that i n certain branches of the public service
it mightbe very difficult. I have another section
that applies to all; but as this bill relates only
to the expenditures of the Navy I have pre-
ferred to put, it separately for the Army and
Navy. I propose then to oiler a section to
cover all unexpended balances. I intended to
add it to the legislative bill, where it properly
belongs; but 1 will add it as an amendment to
this bill with the consent of the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the reading of
the amendment offered by the Senator from
Ohio.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON.' The principle of that
amendment is clearly right, but whether we
should adopt it now seems to mo not so clear.
The Departments have been in the habit of
using the unexpended appropriations for the
ensuing current year, and, for aught that 1
know, the estimates that they have sent in have
been made upon the faith that they would have
the right to use the unexpended appropriations
of the current year.
Mr. OONNKSS. [ will stale, if the Senator
will permit me, in that connection, that the Sec-
retary of War, in a conversation the other day
touching the same kind of a proposition offered
by the Senator from Ohio to the Army appro-
priation bill, and adopted by the Senate, stated
that the bounties of the soldiers authorized by
Our acts were now paid from an unexpended
appropriation, and that the adoption as a law
of "the provision made would prevent their
further payment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I heard that^ bugaboo
and examined it, and there is not the slightest
foundation for it. On the contrary, the lan-
guage of the provision shows that it only ap-
plies to the heads of appropriations contained
in the bill. Are there any appropriations in
this bill or in the Army bill for the payment
of bounties under that act? Not at all. We
malce an appropriation every year for the pay-
ment of bounties, and there is no head of ap-
propriation either in the Army bill or the Navy
bill 011 that subject.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to ask the
Senator how an appropriation for the payment
of bounties does apply?
The PRESIDING- OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
koy in the chair.) The Senator from Mary_-
land is entitled to the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON. I did not think I was giv-
ing the floor to everybody, although at all times
willing to give the floor to the Senator from
Ohio, or anybody else who desires it specially.
Mr. SHERMAN and Mr. CONNBSS. I
beg pardon.
Sir. JOHNSON. What I said—I do not
know that the Senate understood me was, that
I am inclined to think the estimates on the faith
of which wo are now appropriating have been
made what they are because the Departments
have unexpended balances^ of prior appropria-
tions which they have a right to use. i hey
have been using them in the past, and the Sen-
ator from Ohio says that they are using them
now. Having the right to use the unexpended
balances, they have estimated what they shall
want for the succeeding year upon the faith of
their being able to use during the succeeding
year the unexpended balances. I concur with
the principle of the honorable member's amend-
ment, that at the end of each current year the
balances that remain in the Treasury unex-
pended, and upon which contracts have not
been made, ought to be carried to the surplus
fund ; but it might be dangerous for the ensu-
ing year unless we know upon what ground to
apply the provision to this year.
Mi*. GRIMES. I think that this proposition,
as applied to some heads of appropriation,
would bo very desirable and proper ; but I do
not see how it is going to be made applicable
to some. For example, there is an appropria-
tion hereof some millions of dollars for the pay
of the Navy. A vessel sailed three weeks ago
for China and she will be gone three years.
The lueu will only have twenty per cent., for
example, paid to their wives, or upon allot-
ment, during the time they are absent, and the
balance will be paid at the end of three years
when they return. Now, how arc they going
to obtain that money under this provision?
Mr. SHERMAN. There is 110 difficulty
about that, because every year there is an ap-
propriation lor the pay of the Army and the
pay of the Navy; and whenever that pay is
demanded it is due, although it may have been
carried a year or two before. The Senator will
see that the very language of this bill provides
for the pay of the Navy. Now, whether that
pay has accrued a year before or two years
before makes no difference. Whenever it is
demanded it is duo.
Air. GRIMES. But they do not demand it
until they return at the end of a three years'
cruise ; and, when they land in Boston orNcw
York and demand their pay, they will find that
it has all been covered back into the Treasury.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no tiouble about
that, because it has always been done.
Mr. GRIMES. What lias been done?
Mr. SHERMAN. They have been paid
when they came home, and yet the law forbids
an appropriation for more 'than two years.
Now, let me say what 1 think the Senator from
Iowa already knows. The Constitution de-
clares that 110 appropriations for the Army or
Navy shall be made for a longer period than
two years. That constitutional provision is
entirely evaded by lapping over and opening a
new account and carrying it from one account
to another. It is for the purpose of avoiding
the continued abuse of this system that i offer
this amendment. There is no practical difli-
cully in the case suggested by the Senator from
Iowa. When a sailor comes home his pay is
given to him. if the Senator really desires to
guard against a possible construction of that
kind, I have no objection to his making the
provision apply to Till except the pay of the_
Navy.
Mr. GRIMES. That is the only difficulty
that I think of.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection, if the
Senator really thinks it subject to that con-
struction, to his inserting the words "except
the pay of the Navy'' in the proper place.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think I have
information enough with regard to the exact
state of things to enable mo to vote under-
standing^ on this px-oposition. I am not will-
ing to take the decided opinions even of my
friend from Ohio upon the subject without
more knowledge. lie says this can be done
easily. I am not quite satisfied that it can be
without injury. All the large balances that
have existed that came from war times ought
to be disposed of, as a general rule, by carrying
them into the Treasury, and not leaving them
open as they are, and I do not think the heads
of the Departments would object to that as a
general rule. But, sir, I recollect very well,
and any one who considers the course of busi-
ness will see that it must necessarily be so, that
in the reports made to Congress with reference
to appropriations, we used in time of war to
carry over fifty million dollars regularly, proba-
bly as unexpended appropriations, at the end
of the fiscal year. Everybody will see that
appropriations made for a year cannot be ex-
pended within the year; it is out of the ques-
tion. The heads of Departments cannot even
know, such is the extent of our territory, what
contracts have been made that will require
money to be expended. They cannot know
what debts may be incurred. They cannot even
know for months afterward what the liabilities
and the obligations of the Department are un-
der the appropriations; and, therefore, I am
not quite certain that the exceptions made by
the honorable Senator would be such as would
be of any practical value, would effect anything.
We make certain appropriations for a year.
'Che practice lias been, of course, to expend as
much as is called for within the year, but a very
large portion must necessarily go over into the
next year before it is called 011 for the obliga-
tions that have been incurred of one kind and
another.
1 think what the Senator wants to get at is
to prevent transfers—transfers from one head
of appropriation to meet another appropri-
ation where the money tails short. That has
always been a matter that has occasioned dis-
cussion here in the Senate. I remember as
long ago as when I was first on the Committee
011 Finance it was a matter that was introduced
and considered once or twice. Mr. Hunter,
who was then chairman of the Committee on
Finance, and who was very careful and anxious
to cut down every possibility of misappropri-
ation of the public money, examined that sub-
ject once or twice, and he found that in the
War Department and in the Navy Depart-
ment—the War Department especially—you
could not get along at all unless you allowed
transfers to a certain extent; and it first arose,
I think, 011 an appropriation bill where a
transfer was allowed. I have not looked it up
for a good many years now, and I should not
know where to look for it.
While 1 agree with the general object of the
amendment, I am not satisfied that it would be
safe to pass it in the foim in which the hon-
orable Senator has introduced it. I think that
such an amendment can only be prepared
safely by consultation with the heads of the
Departments, and a careful examination at the
Departments themselves to see how it wuuld
work. A general proposition of that sort—
unless the Senator will assure me that he has
made that examination in connection with the
heads of Departments—is not so satisfactory
to mo as to enable me to vote for it. I think
there will be danger of its occasionins diffi-
culty. While, therefore, I am in favor~of the
object, I think it is not to be obtained without
a more thorough and earelul understanding of
the tacts than the Senator or anybody else has
yet furnished to me at any rate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like to
call the attention of the Senator from Ohio to
an existing statute, to see wherein his proposi-
tion differs from the law as it already stands.
JSy the tenth section of an act making appro-
priations for the civil and diplomatic expenses
ot the Government for the year ending June
30, 1853, and for other purposes, approved
August 01, 1852, it is provided— '
'that where any moneys shall liave remained un-
expended upon any appropriations by her than
tor the payment of interest 011 the funded or tho
payment ot mteiest and reimbursement, .
"uu  a-MBueu °y law, tor more than two vc-iiv
the expiration of the tibcai veav in TOi.;, 1, cr
shall have been passed, all and mv sm-b :lc
tion,shall bo deemed t'ohaveceS'^1 aifd boftT"-
mod, and the moneys so imexuemliui i n ,
mediately thereafter carried, under the cliil-uln" f
