! 1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i the Secretary of the Treasury, to the account on the
books of the Treasury denominated the 'surplus
i fund,' to remain like other unappropriated moneys
in the Treasury, and it shall not be lawful, for any
cause or pietense whatsoever, to transfer, withdraw,
apply, or use lor any purpose whatever any moneys
carried as aforesaid to the surplus fund without fur-
ther and specific appropriations by law."
My inquiry is whether the Senator's amend-
ment changes that statute in any respect what-
ever except the limitation to one year? It
seems to me it does not.
Mr. SHERMAN. The section to which the
Senator refers is called the "surplus fund sec-
tion" of the statute, and is perfectly familiar
to me. But the trouble is that that statute
and the operation of the surplus fund have
been avoided by the mode of keeping the ac-
counts, and the fact is shown clearly enough
by the estimates of appropriations submitted
to the Committee on Appropriations, by which
it appears that §144,000,000 of appropriations
made during the war are still continued subject
to the order and requisition of the heads of
the different Departments.
Mr. FESSENDEiT. They ought to be car-
ried to the surplus fund.
Mr. SHERMAN. Thai is the very purpose
of this provision. Now, I wish to assure the
Senator from Maine that this subject has come
under his consideration as well as my own, and
has been fully considered. At the last session
of Congress we proposed this same thing in the
Committee on Finance, to cut off these bal-
ances of appropriations. The proposition was
made and debated, and the attention of the
Secretary of the Navy was called to it, and he
said that it ought not to be done without notice,
because the estimates for that year were made
upon the basis that they had the right to use a
portion of the unexpended balances, and there-
fore it would take them a good deal of time to
revise their estimates in order to make them
complete for a year, but that he would do so.
Now, here is his letter written a year ago,
showing that he has had ample notice of the
intention of Congress to move in this matter ;
and by referring to the estimates that are now
on your table you will find estimates complete
for the Navy Department, for every item of
expenditure falling within that Department,
{yving the details ill full; so much for the pay
of the Navy, &c. In these estimates lie does
not allude to the unexpended balances of ap-
propriations, but makes the estimates com-
plete ; and in the bill as it now stands there
are appropriations for all the proper heads of
appropriation for the Navy Department com-
plete in themselves; and there is no doubt
those estimates are based upon the idea that
they are complete for the service of the Navy
Department for the next fiscal year.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask, does not the
law require the Secretary, in making his esti-
mates, to take into account the unexpended
balances applicable to the service he is to
BXOClltO
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir. The amount
of the appropriations for the support of the
Navy by this bill, I am informed, is something
_ over twenty million dollars. They are care-
fully limited and carefully reduced. Some of
the old heads of appropriations are not named
in this bill, and consequently the section I offer
does not apply to them. It only applies to the
heads of appropriation that this bill proposes
to furnish means .for. There are to the credit
of these very heads of appropriation now,
according to the estimates, $15,226,204. It is
very convenient for the head of a Department
to have this large reserve, which he may call
for if he chooses ; having afresh appropriation
for all the items necessary to carry on his De-
partment the next year, to have the power to
draw at pleasure from ihese unexpended bal-
ances, the items of which are not given, but
only the bulk.
Mr. FESSENDEN, Will the Senator allow
me to ask him, is his amendment simply con-
fined to existing balances ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Suppose there is a bal-
ance of the present appropriations that we have
made for this year. We made appropriations
last year. At the end of this fiscal year there
will be a balance on hand of the appropriations
made last year; that is to say, made for the
existing fiscal year. Does not this amendment
carry all those balances into the Treasury just
as well as the others?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; it keeps them
open just precisely as is always done in the
Treasury Department until the service of this
fiscal year is settled. It may take six months,
as the Senator knows.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It may take two years.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; suppose it
does; for all the debts contracted during this
year that balance still stands and cannot be used
for any other purpose.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The difficulty is, you
cannot tell what that balance is until after the
lapse of a considerable time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know that; but it still
stands on the books to the credit of that head
of appropriation until the accounts of this year
are settled. If, in the case put by the Senator
from Iowa, debts that were incurred this year
should come in two years hence, this proposi-
tion does not affect them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I do not see how
the Senator's amendment changes the existing
law a particle, except so far as the old balances
are concerned.
Mr. SHERMAN. It carries the whole of
those old balances to the surplus fund.
Mr. FESSENDEN. All the old balances
ought to go there, except the balances of the
year before last and last year. As the law
stands now, the idea is that the balances may
stay on the books for two years and then they
go into the surplus fund. I should think that
all those balances in the War Department
would, under the law as read, go into the sur-
plus fund now.
Mr. SHERMAN. But the Senator will see
that that law has been entirely avoided, because
here is the report.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then this will bo in
the same way.
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, no.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why not ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Because they do it by
simply stating the accounts. This amendment
declares that all the money appropriated before
this time, unless that money is necessary for
such and such a purpose, shall be carried to
the smplus fund. The law has been defeated
by opening a new account and carrying the
unexpended balance to the new account, and
adding to that the new appropriation, and so
on lapping it over year after year.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is an evasion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know it is an evasion,
and it is for the purpose of correcting it that
I offer this proposition. I am not sure but that j
during the war, when this practice arose, it
was necessary, because then they had to have
large sums at their discretion, as there were
sometimes deficiencies in heads of appropria-
tion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to make
a suggestion to the Senator, by way of amend-
ment, that I think might relieve the embarrass-
ment which the Senator from Iowa anticipates.
I see he has provided here that the surplus
necessary to execute existing contracts shall
not be carried into the surplus fund. Now,
the Senator from Towa suggests a diffictilly
that it may be necessary to execute a service
already provided for.
Mr. SHERMAN. But the first clause will
cover the case suggested by the Senator from
Iowa entirely.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I want to sug-
gest an amendment, and see whether it will be
satisfactory to the Senator from Ohio. I sug-
gest that he add, after the concluding words of
his amendment, "'or unless the same is neces-
sary to execute contracts made before said
date," the words " or for the continuous ser-
vice appropriated for.''
Mr. SHERMAN. That will defeat the whole
law, because an appropriation is. made say
for pay of the Navy or for any given head of
appropriation, and this proposition continues
that for that particular purpose. Now, you
have already cut off the power of transfers.
That is all right enough. That, has been done
already by law. But until you cut off these
large balances you will have all the evils of the
old system continued. There is not a single
head of appropriation provided for in this bill
that there is not a large balance to the credit
of. I make the general assertion because I
know it is so as to the great body of them. I
am willing that those appropriations shall still
stand to the credit of those heads of appropri-
ations on the books of the Treasury Depart-
ment for the purpose of settlingup all accounts
or dues accruing during the present fiscal year
whenever they may be presented, orto execute
all contracts made during the present year, but
not for the purpose of swelling or increasing
the appropriation that we say is sufficient for
the public service of this year. If the Senator
from Iowa will allow me, I will say that this
clause is amply suffieent for his purpose.
Mr. GRIMES. I think I am satisfied with
it as it stands, if I understand it. It reads:
And be it further enacted* That all unexpended ap-
propriations existing on the 1st day of July next for
any of the several heads of appropriations provided
lor in this act shall be carried to the surplus fund,
unless tho same is necessary to pay expenditures
made during the current fiscal year, or unless tho
same is necessary to execute contracts made before
feaid date.
Who is to determine that? The Secretary
of the Navy, I suppose.
Mr. SHKKMAN. Yes; as a matter of
course, upon his requisitions, countersigned at
the Treasury Department.
Mr. GRIMES. I ought to say that I have a
letter here, which I should like to have read,
from the Assistant Secretary, against this prop-
osition. I will say, at the same time, that it
seems to me there is nothing very objectionable
in it, if tho discretion is lodged in the head
of the Department as to whether it is neces-
sary to retain those balances in order to pay
existing contracts or continuing contracts or
liabilities already incuiTed j but the Assistant
Secretary of the Navy has written me a letter
expressing his objections to it, and I think it
proper that it should be read, f will ask that
it be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The letter
will be read if there be no objection.
The Secretary read as follows:
Navy Department.
IFashixgios, April 6,18U8.
Dear Sir: As suggested in our conversation tho
other day, 1 will state the oifcct upon this Depart-
ment of a proviso similar to that added to the Army
bill—which I have learned might bo added to tho
Navy bill—relative to any balance of funds existing
on tho 1st of July.
In the Army there are two classes of pay officers:
the paymaster pi oper, who pays the personnel only,
nnd the quartermaster, who pays for supplies, tVc.
In the Navy, as iou are aware, both are combined
in one. ihe Army paymaster every month or every
two or threo months pays a regiment in inll to the
date of payment, and thus the Army js fully paid tor
anygiven yearwithm ashorttimeof its close. Not so
the Navy. Seamen arc oUgh absent for three years,
and during that time are larely, if ever, fully paid
up: they are given only what is required to meet
their necessary expenses, and so they come homo
with the fragments of pay of one, two, or three years
duo them, if this is to be disaectcd, and the balance
for each year defined and charged to the appropria-
tion for that particular year, it will create great coa-
fui-ion, and the additional work in the Navyand tho
Auditors' ofnccs will require a regiment of chrks.
and not the slightest public good would bo gained
thereby. If there stands to the credit of pay of tho
Navy £.30,000,000it amountsto nothing—it is all upon
paper—the actual payments are no more and no less.
Xhere are over a hundred heads ot appropriations
for the Navy and little expenses which cannot be
foreseen, and funds provided under the proper ap*
propriatioa arc constantly arising, and are neces-
sarily paid for by tho payma.-ter from any funds in
his possession, and upon his return and the settle-
ment of his accounts, years after the expendi-
tures were made, tho proper appropriation is debited
by transier warrant from the auditing office, as is
provided by law. If, therefore, the balances of  p
propriations arc wholly wiped out, as is provided by
the amendment to tho Nav.y bill which passed the
House, (and has. I beiiev, been rejected in the Sen-
ate.) thoe accounts could never ho settled, and if
they have to be charged to the distinct year's appro-
priation the labor will be enormous. AH regular
