2254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
appropriations have since the foundation of the
government been considered as continuous—unused
special appropriations lapsing to the Treasury after
two years.
As suggested, also, I call to your attention the re-
duction in the appropriation for the support of tho
hospitals.
Very respectfully, WILLIAM FAXON.
Host. J. W. Grimes, United States Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My colleague read a
section which had escaped me, if I knew any-
thing about it—I do not know when it passed
—forbidding all transfers from one head of ap-
propriation to another. Is that the law, that
all transfers are forbidden? When was that
passed?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. We passed an
act at this session forbidding all transfers.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What act was that?
What was the character of the act? One of the
appropriation bills?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir; on
one of the appropriation bills.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Which one was it?
Mr. GRIMES. On the deficiency bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The first deficiency
bill?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was not aware of
that; but, if it is now the law that all transfers
are prohibited, no possible harm can follow by
letting things remain just as they are. This
matter, as the Assistant Secretary of the Navy
suggests, is merely upon paper. The money
is in the Treasury, and nothing can be drawn
out except in the payment of regular bills as
they come in. I cannot see what necessity
there is or what is to be accomplished by the
amendment, because the Secretary cannot lay
his hand upon a dollar of the appropriation
except in payment of some bill that arises.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will give a case to the
Senator where the difficulty has actually oc-
curred. I wished to ascertain during this ses-
sion of Congress theprobable expenditures for
the next fiscal year. How could that lie ascer-
tained under our present system of conducting
business since the war?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not see how you
could ascertain it by putting this clause in.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, I will state to the
Senator how I can do it, if I do not interrupt
hiui.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly not; I merely
rose to make a suggestion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to ascertain the
amount of money necessary for the next fiscal
year in order to provide ways and means to
raise the money. I look at the estimates of
appropriations ; I lind how much is estimated ;
1 there have the estimates of tho various De-
partments and the Secretary of the Treasury
that so much is needed; I call upon the
committees of the two Houses, and I lind that
they have reduced the estimates somewhat and
fixed such an amount for tho expenditure of
the next fiscal year. But I am met with the
remark: "That is no test; that is no criterion;
that is not within one hundred million dollars
of it." Why? Because there are old balances
of appropriations that have been carried over
and are lapping over like a snowball in winter,
and you cannot tell how much of those will be
used.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Are they not reported
regularly as so much in hand ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Only in bulk.
Mr. E'ESSENDEN. Not in detail?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 hen the Senator can
get at it by calling for a detail, for a statement
of how much there is under each head, when the
appropriation bills come up, and the Com-
mitteeon Appropriations can make their appro-
priation bills accordingly.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator must have
forgotten, 1 think, what occurred on this sub-
ject a year or two ago.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very likely.
Mr. SHERMAN. Because this very subject
was then considered by the Committee on
Finance, and I am quite sure my friend from
Maine agreed to it. We proposed to cat off
these unexpended balances. I thereupon wrote
an official letter to the Secretary of the Navy,
and he stated as a reason why it could not be
done that year that the annual estimates had
been made upon the supposition that they
would be able to use a portion of these large
balances ; and so it was postponed that year ;
and this year they have changed the form of
the estimates, no doubt in consequence of that
inquiry, and given complete estimates for the
Navy Department. They have been somewhat
reduced. There is now, it seems to me, no
objection, no practical difficulty in carrying
these unexpended balances into the Treasury
unless it may arise in the pay of the Navy. I
think the exception already made by me is
sufficient to cover that; but, as I said before,
if the chairman of the Naval Committee thinks
it is not, 1 am willing to except the pay of the
Navy from the operation of this provision. I
do not think it is necessary to do so, because
1 think it is sufficiently excepted by the gen-
eral provision, " unless the same is necessary
to pay expenditures made during the current
fiscal year." As to keeping the accounts there is
no practical difficulty, because only the balance
is paid and charged to the proper appropria-
tion.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment moved by tho Sena-
tor from Ohio.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I offer another amend-
ment, to which I think there will be no objec-
tion. It is to add as an additional section :
And be it further enacted, That the ficcretoiy oftlio
Treasury is hereby directed, in his next annual esti-
mate! of appropriations, to stato all tile balances of
appropriations made prior to 1 ho present session of
Congress ior each branch of the pubtic service and
remaining unexpended on the 1-st day of July next,
and de.-.ii;nato tho amounts necessary to execute con-
tracts or pay expenditures propeily ohaigoablu to
each of such balances.
_ Mr. EDMUNDS. Why not make that con-
tinuous ?
Mr. SHERMAN. We have already pro-
vided for the Army and Navy appropriations ;
hut as there are a multitude of other appropri-
ations for the Indian service and other services,
1 thought it better to make this provision re-
quiring an estimate to be submitted in the next
estimates of appropriations of the amounts
actually necessary to complete contracts.
Air. EDMUNDS. My inquiry was, why you
do not make that section apply in the future
continually instead of only to his next report?
Mr. SHERMAN, f think this other section
will cut it off sufficiently, and then wo shall be
able to legislate in view of the estimates, cutting
off all that is not necessary to complete coil-
tracts or carry out an existing law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It would be a great deal
better to make it continuous.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was repoited to the Senate as
amended.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the Senate in the amendments
made as in Committee of the Whole. The ques-
tion will be taken on the amendments collect-
ively unless some Senator desires a separate
vote.
Mr. DRAKE. I wish a separate vote on
the amendment of the Senator from New
York, [Mr. Coxklinu.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be excepted.
Mr. HOWE. 1 wish a separate vote taken
on the amendment increasing the appropria-
tion made for Navy hospitals.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be excepted. Tho question is on
concurring in the Senate in the amendments
made as in Committee of the Whole, except
those that are specially excepted.
The amendments not specially excepted
were concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the first excepted
amendment.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
which was in line two hundred and forty-two,
under the head of "Bureau of Medicine and
Surgery" to strikeout "thirty-two" and insert
''sixty;" so as to make the clause read:
For pay of the civil establishment under this
bureau, at the several Navy hospitals and navy-yards,
$60,000.
Mr. DRAKE. That is not the amendment
on which I asked a separate vote.
Mr. HOWE. It is the one on which I asked
a separate vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This amend-
ment being the first one in the bill will be con-
sidered first. The question is on concurringin
this amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. HOWE. The estimate I think was some-
thing like $70,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Seventy-two
thousand dollars.
Mr. HOWE. The House of Representa-
tives cut down the estimate to $32,000. I
admit that it is not very easy to estimate accur-
ately the precise sum that is needed for these
purposes ; but in looking at the figures sub-
mitted by the Department, and looking at the
best evidence I could get oil the point, it
seemed to me that the appropriation made by
the House was abundant for the purpose. It
is suggested already that I am mistaken, and
perhaps I am. The number of employes at
these different hospitals is something over two
hundred. The amount of work they have to
do is indicated in the report of that bureau,
showing the number of persons in these several
hospitals at two different dates a year apart,
(lie 31st December, 1865, and the 31st Decem-
ber, 1800.
The whole number of persons in the Chelsea
hospital on the 31st December, 1865, was thirty-
seven ; the year following it was fifty-six. In
New York it was one hundred and fifty-six;
and the year after it was one hundred and fifty-
four. In Philadelphia it was sixty-four; and
the year after it was nineteen. The whole num-
ber in all the hospitals in December, 1865, was
four hundred ; and in December, I860, it was
just thirteen less—three hundred and eighty-
seven.
Now, yon will perceive, Mr. President, tha*
if this is a fair average of the number in these
hospitals, you have almost one employe to a
patient. That seems to me to be very extrav-
agant. Nay, I guess you have more than that
it you take into consideration the navy-yards.
Here are half a dozen navy-yards at which ap-
propriations are made for hospital purposes.
.Here is $1,480 for hospital expenses at Wash-
ington ; but there is a hospital at Washington.
It does not appear from this report that there
ever was n patient treated there in the world.
And so of the, navy-yard at New York, at Phil-
adelphia, at Norfolk, and at Boston. There
are hospitals at each of these places, and yet
appropriations are made for hospital expendi-
tures at the navy-yards at the same places. It
seems to me if the Government maintains one
hospital at a place, that should be sntTieient
for all purposes; and it would seem to be suf-
ficient from the reports, because I do not gather
from them that there ever was a patient treated
at either of these navy-yard establishments,
whatever they may be.
But, is this number of emp!ov6s necessary to
do the_ work? Why, sir. the number of em
ployes in the hospital at Boston is tweuty-eMit
J he number of persons admitted to that hos-
pital in the year I860 was two hundred and
eighty-eight. 1 he numberofempiove* at New
,1° •f(ISjti"rtrni!le' "riie n mber of patients
admitted to that hospital in 1806 was tive hun-
dred and seventy-two. The number of om-
ployes at Annapolis is eight. The number of
pa.ients admitted to that hospital in that \ear
was five hundred and ninety-six. A la'-^cr
number of patients was admitted to tho hospital
at Annapolis m that year than in any othe- h- >s-
pital m the whole catalogue; and H ihf/Jum-
fourth ofnJhi°y(iS f °"!y eigllt' °"r abo E
tourth of the number employed at some of the
