1230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
of the bill prohibiting the payment of the dif-
ference between eleven and sixteen dollars per
month in the pay of officers' servants from May
1, 1864, to March 3, 18(55; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Charles
Robidon bo taken from the files of the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 278) to grant lands to the Northern
Michigan Railroad Company in extension of
the Northern Pacific railroad, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. CATTELL, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 450) to regulate the deposits of the
public moneys, reported adversely thereon.
DIRECT TAX OF DELAWARE.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 510) to facilitate the collection
of the direct tax in the State of Delaware, to
report it withoutamendment. As this bill must
be passed promptly to be effective, and as it is
agreed to by the local authorities and also by
the officers of the revenue, I ask for its present
consideration. It will only need to be read to
be passed at once.
By unanimous consent the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
The first section declares that the valuation
enumerated in the assessment list for direct tax
in the State of Delaware, completed April 19,
1867, being the valuation of real estate as
owned at or near the time of the completion
of the assessment, shall be a lawful assessment
of the direct tax of $74,683 33J apportioned
to the State of Delaware, by virtue of an act
of Congress entitled "An act to provide in-
creased revenue from imports to pay interest
on the public debt, and for other purposes,"
approved August 5, 1861, upon the valuation
tnerein enumerated, with the same force and
effect as if made with reference to the date
mentioned in the thirteenth section of that act,
ani provides that all existing provisions of law
for the collection of the direct tax in the loyal
States, except as provided in the fifty-third
section of that act, shall be applicable to the
collection of the tax therein assessed. The
notification of the time and place where ap-
peals would be received and determined rela-
tive to that assessment, given by the assessor
immediately after its completion, is to be deemed
a lawful notice, and all proceedings under that
notice, and in general in relation to the assess-
ment, are made as valid and legal as they would
have been had the assessment been valid from
its commencement. _
The second section makes the time withm
which the assessor is required to deliver the
assessment list to the collector twenty days from
the passage of this act.
Section three makes the lien provided for by
the thirty-third section of the act ot August 5,
1851, remain in force during two years after the
taxes assessed in accordance with the first sec-
tion of this act shall become due and payable.
All necessary expenses in procuring copies
of the State assessment lists, and for advertising
connected with the assessment and collection
of the tax are to be paid out of the accounts
thereof; being first approved by the Secretary
of the Treasury. .
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third readingj read
the third time, and passed.
MEDICAL HISTORY OF THE REBELLION.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing. to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 97) to provide for the publica-
tion of the medical anu surgical history of the
rebellion and the medical statistics of the Pro-
vost Marshal General's Bureau, have directed •
me to report it back without amendment, and
recommend its passage. I ask for its present
consideration.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as m
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. It provides that the
appropriation made in the act approved July
28, 1866, for publishing the medical and sur-
gical history of the rebellion and the medical
statistics of the Provost Marshal General's
Bureau maybe expended under the direction of
the Secretary of War for the purpose of pre-
paring those works for publication, and it
directs the Congressional Printer to print the
same under the direction of the Secretary of
War.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to hear an
explanation of the joint resolution.
Sir. ANTHONY. An appropriation was
made for printing the medical history of the
war and the statistics of the Provost Marshal
General's Bureau. The bill, as it was origin-
ally reported, authorized the Surgeon General
to make this publication wherever he chose.
It was amended and required to be published
at the Government Printing Office, under the
direction of the Secretary of War, and a part
of the statistics, 1 think, were to be prepared
under the direction of Surgeon Baxter.^ But
when the amendment transferring the printing
from the Surgeon General to the Government
Printing Office was made there was not a cor-
responding amendment made, as there should
have been, limiting the appropriation^ to the
preparation of the work itself. As it reads
now the appropriation is for the printing of the
hook. The Congressional Printer does not
feel authorized to print it except by drawing
the money specially appropriated for that pur-
pose. The amount appropriated was reduced
to cover the cost of preparing the work, but as
the law reads the Congressional Printer feels
bound to expend no money except the amount
of the appropriation, and he calls upon the
Surgeon General or the Secretary of War for
that appropriation to carry on the printing.
This is to apply the appropriation to the prep-
aration of the work as the reduced amount
was intended and leave it to be printed, as all
other documents are, at the Government Print-
ing Office.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator from
Rhode Island whether there is any objection
to allowing this resolution to lie over until to-
morrow ?
Mr. ANTHONY. Not the least. There is
no objection to its lying over, but it ought to
be disposed of pretty soon, if at all, otherwise
it delays the work.
Mr. CONKLING. I think that length of
time will enable everybody to make inquiries
who wishes to do so; and I confess I should
like to make an inquiry about it.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 have no objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution will be postponed until to-raorrow,
if there be no objection, and it is so postponed.
PRINTING OP A BILL.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, the bill (S.
No. 312) granting lands to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from Fort
Scott, Kansas, to Santa F6, New Mexico, was
ordered to be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 368) to amend the postal laws and increase
the efficiency of the postal service ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads, and ordered
to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 369)
to provide for mail service between Abcrcrom-
bie, Dakota Territory, and Helena, in Montana
Territory; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
SOLDIERS' CERTIFICATES.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 104) authorizing the transmis-
sion through the mails, free of postage, of cer-
tain certificates by the adjutant general of New
Hampshire. The members from that State say
they desire its consideration.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution, which had been
reported from the. Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, with an amendment to strike
out all after the resolving clause, in the fol-
lowing words: .
That the adjutant general of New Hampshire be
authorized to.transmit through the mad?, free of
postage, certain certificates ot thanks awarded by
the Legislature of said State to the s-oldiers thereof,
under such regulations as the Postmaster (rfsneral
may direct.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
That the adjutants general of the several States
and Territories be authorized to transmit through
the mails, free of postage, any medals, certificates of
thanks, or other testimonials awarded or whiea may
be awarded by the Legislatures of said States and
Territories to the soldiers thereof, under sueh regu-
lations as the Postmaster General aiay direct.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in.
Mr. SAULSBUItY. I have no doubt that
the proposition now before the Senate is a very
important one, especially at this time: but it is
very strange that the importance of such a
measure as this should never have suggested
itself to the minds of Senators until this par-
ticular time. Doubtless, in the opinion of
honorable Senators, there is something about
to transpire in the State of New Hampshire
that mav render it particularly proper that the
greatest" facility may be afforded by the^aetioB
of the Federal Congress for communication
with the gallant soldiers of New Hampshire,
who so distinguished themselves on the field or
battle. A gross injustice, a gross wrong, has
heretofore been done, I protest, to the soldiers
of New Hampshire, that they have not been
allowed to receive medals and resolutions of
thanks from the Legislature of their State, and
from the adjutant general, without incurring the
expense of paying the postage upon the com-
munications which ought to have been made.
I cannot suppose that the approaching elec-
tion in New Hampshire can have the least con-
nection with the proposition now before the
Senate; but that honorable Senators, finding
that they have been so wanting heretofore in
the manifestation of gratitude to the gallant
soldiers, whose votes they do not want in the
approaching election in that State, have sud-
denly woke up. and are now determined to
show to those devoted patriots that the heart
of the American Senate beats warmly to the
defenders of the country's honor upon the
field of strife!
Mr. President, I suppose every State in the
Union has a contingent fund oat of which the
postage of its public officers is paid. I pre-
sume that the State of New Hampshire, rich,
great, grand, magnificent, is not without afund.
Even the little State of Delaware provides for
her public officers out of which to pay post-
age. I do not, however, object very seriously
to the passage of this resolution. I only rise
to express my appreciation of that gratitude
which the Senate seems to feel for the patri-
otic soldiers of New Hampshire, and to sug-
gest—lest the soldiers might think there was
something behind the curtain which they could
not understand!—that the approaching elec-
tion in New Hampshire has no possible con-
nection with this proposition. [Laughter.]
Mr. RAMSEY. Mr. President, if the hon-
orable Senator from Delaware had read care-
fully the joint resolution as it came from the
committee he would have di-'cosered that it is
applicable as well to the gallant soldiers of the
State of Delaware as to those ot the State of
New Hampshire, which was the purpose of its
i first introduction. I hope that in its preseu t
