1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2255
other hospitals, and about one fifth of the num-
ber employed at New York. If eight persons
could take care of the sick admitted into the
hospital at Annapolis, will some Senator tell
me why thirty-nine are required to take care of
a less number at New York? If eight persons
can take care of the sick at Annapolis, they
can take care of them evidently at any other
hospital, because there was a larger number
admitted into the hospital at Annapolis than
into any of the other hospitals.
I find that in most of these hospitals, or in
many of them, there are no less than three
apothecaries under pay—apothecaries and as-
sistant apothecaries of the first or second or
third class—three apothecaries to put up medi-
cines. It takes three men, or you pay for
three men, to put up the medicines for one hun-
dred and fifty patients in the New York hos-
pital ; two to put up the medicines for the
patients in Boston; and so of the other hos-
pitals. Now, I should think one good, smart
apothecary could put up more medicines than
that number of patients would readily lake.
I have seen one surgeon that I think could
put up enough to kill the whole of them, and
not work over half the day at that. [Laughter. ]
There are also three cooks and a farmer at
most of these hospitals. A farmer I should
think about as useless a piece of furniture in
an hospital as you could well contrive; but
you have one designated as a farmer, and as
under pay. Then you have three nurses, three
washers, four laborers, a gardner, a painter
and glazier, a gatekeeper, three watchmen,
one messenger, a matron, an engineer, and a
carpenter. That is a corps that I should not
mistrust were required on the staff of an hos-
pital, to a certain extent, but it is a force that
it seems to me it is impossible should be em-
ployed. I am satisfied if you adhere to the
appropriation made by the House of Repre-
sentatives you can furnish more help at every
one of these hospitals than the Annapolis hos-
pital has, and the Annapolis hospital received
under its treatment during this year more than
any other hospital in the country. Therefore,
I lelt inclined to call for a separate vote on
this particular amendment. I was not in the
Senate when it passed before.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. One word in
reply to the Senator from Wisconsin. I think
it difficult to reply to the criticism of the Sen-
ator in detail, for it may turn out that the Sen-
ate will find it difficult to believe that all these
establishments at these various points are ne-
cessary; but that is not the proposition before
the Senate. If it was a question whether wa
would establish and maintain these hospitals
or not, then the argument of the Senator would
be relevant; but we have got these establish-
ments, and the Committee on Appropriations
have no judgment on the question whether they
ought to be sustained or not. The presump-
tions are all in favor of the institutions.
The argument of the Senator is that they
ought to be conducted upon more economical
principles; that there is a surplus of help.
There are fifteen establishments in all for which
this appropriation is made, and the aggregate
is$00,000formaintainingfifteen hospital estab-
lishments in different sections of the country.
Now, I will read you the force for which this
appropriation is made, and let any Senator, if
he pleases, including the Senator from Wis-
consin, tell^me if he can which one of the
employes can be left out. He has seized one
particular one, which I will take notice of
directly.
Now, take the hospital at Boston, Massachu-
setts. It is an establishment under the Gov-
ernment ; and the question is of making an
appropriation to pay the employes. I want you
to notice the employes, their duties, and their
compensation, and see whether it is too much
or too little. There is "one apothecary, first
class." Ilis duties are not defined,- but his
compensation is. It is $750 only. There is
a second class apothecary at $480. I believe
there is a third class apothecary at New York
at $060; but there are only two at Boston.
Now, if you take the sums you will see that
they are not persons employed independent of
this hospital in some way. Yon cannot con-
ceive that you can find a competent apothecary
for S480. My friend says he knows a physi-
cian who could do all the services of the three
apothecaries and have plenty of time to spare :
but he could not employ one competent phy-
sican to do the duties of an apothecary at those
establishments for the salary of all three com-
bined. I only mention it to show that a low
grade of service and skill is employed and very
low compensation paid.
Then, there is a carpenter at $860; a chief
cook at $240; two cooks at $108 each; one
engineer at $600 ; one farmer, $480 ; two fire-
men, $360 each; one gardener, $300; four
laborers, $2-10 each; three washers at $168
each ; one matron, $860 ; one messenger, $240;
three nurses at $240 each; one painter and
glazier, $300; one gate-keeper, $300, and
three watchmen, $360 each. Now, if you keep
an establishment of this sort, whether you can
dispense with these persons or not does not
depend on the number of patients actually in
the hospital. You must maintain the estab-
lishment, because you are liable to have more
or less enter there at any time. So that the
criticisms of my honorable friend go against
the establishment altogether.
But the Senate -committee adopting the
argument of the Senator, so far as it touches
this case, did cut the appropriation down.
The appropriation necessary to maintain all
these persons intact is $72,860. It will be seen
that the" amendment of the committee is
$12,000 less ; and that was based upon criti-
cisms such as my friend from Wisconsin has
addressed to the Senate. Looking at these
establishments, and seeing, as is suggested
by him, that it is possible there may be a sur-
plus man or two, a surplus apothecary, and
perhaps a surplus laborer, the committee have
cut down the whole estimates $12,000 ; so that
the bureau will be required to discharge some of
these persons. Now, can my honorable friend
say that they can dispense with more than one
half ? That is the House proposition.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, I can.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. More than one
half?
Mr. HOWE. Yes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Has my honor-
able friend any information on that subject?
Mr. HOWE. Yes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does he know
about the establishments ?
Mi-. HOWE. Why, yes, Mr. President, let
me say to my friend what evidence I have. I
have the evidence here of this report, that the
hospital which received the most patients dur-
ing the year 1866 at Annapolis does the work
with eight employes, while you are paying
in this bill for from twenty-five to thirty-nine
employes 
Mr. RAMSEY. In the same hospital ?
Mr. HOWE. In other hospitals doing less
work.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That does not
argue anything.
Mr. HOWE. I thought it did.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think the
argument is not conclusive, because take this
one at New Yoik: the entire establishment
at New York costs but $12,000; but if it was
nccessary to keep an establishment there for
the reception of sailors aud marines, it seems
to me it is very difficult for the Committee on
Appropriations to say that it can be done much
under the estimates presented to us from the
proper authorities.
Mr. HOWE. Now, Mr. President, it is just
as easy for us to vote $60,000 as $32,000. We
can do it by the same motion of the hand or
the same word of mouth ; but when the De-
partment shows you that eight men do a cer-
tain amount of work at Annapolis, treat a
certain number oinpatients, and take care of
them, I thought, with all deference to the Opin-
ion of my friend from Maine, that that was an
argument which tended to show that less than i
thirty-nine could do less work at New York
and less than twenty-eight could do it at Bos-
ton or Chelsea.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Will my friend
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask ray
friend whether the establishment atNew York
is not much larger than that at Annapolis, and
whether it does not require a larger force to
take care of the building and the appurtenances
thereto belonging; whether, in fact, the accom-
modations there are not sufficient to take care
of a much larger number of patients in caseany
emergency should arise requiring them to be
taken care of?
Mr. HOWE. What the relative size of the
two establishments is I am not informed.
Mr. GRIMES. I can tc-ll the Senator that
the size of the one at Annapolis is four ordi-
nary-sized rooms, about sixteen feet square, I
believe.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then I sup-
pose the one at New York is much larger.
Mr. GRIMES. I never saw the one at New
York ; but I understand it is quite a large
building, and it ought to be, and must be, be-
cause it is adjacent to a largo city where we are
liable to have a large ship come in with one
hundred sick people in a day, and have got'to
be in a condition to receive them at any mo-
ment they may come in.
Mr. HOWE. Well, sir, I know a ship is
likely to come into New York with a hundred
sick persons on board; and I suppose a ship
is liable to come into Annapolis with sick per-
sons on board. It seems they do come in,
and did come in, and bring more patients 
Mr. GRIMES. Oh, no; none of the pa-
tients at Annapolis como in by sea.
Mr. HO WE. I do not know where they come
from. They get there; and I do not suppose it
makes any difference in particular whether they
come by land or water. They probably require
about as much nursing and about as much treat-
ment. I am only giving you the report of the
Department.
1 was trying to say I did not know the rela-
tive size of the two institutions, that at Annap-
olis and that at New Y ork. If these people
are employed just to take care of the building
then I have a very prompt remedy for that,
which is to destroy part of the building. Yrou
do not use it. The use you find is for the four
rooms at Annapolis, and not for the castle in
New York. Cut down your building; discharge
your employes. If they are employed to take
care of the sick, the sick are at Annapolis, or
were during this year at Annapolis.
I thought that this was an argument why a
less number of persons were required at the
other hospitals. I thought there was another
argument. I thought the very facts to which
our attention has been directed by the chair-
man of the committee, to wit, that these were
very cheap hands, was an argument going to
show that no such hands were required. They
do not employ any such apothecaries as are
spoken of here at the figures. They do not get
this at the price named. I take it they are not
there, because they cannot be hired for that,
I think. I would hate to trust myself in the
hands of one of them who could be hired at
those figures.
The Senator appealed to me to say which one
of these employes I would think it safe to dis-
charge. I will tell him. It is a fair question.
I will give him my opinion, with such inform-
ation as I have—it is very limited—drawn from
the report. I would discharge the wdiole batch
of apothecaries early in the morning.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Would not
the Senator be willing, if a little ground be
attached to these hospitals, that it should be
carried on so that they could furnish their own
vegetables ?
Mr. HOWE. No. I would not employ a
former and a gardener to carry on any of the
public domain; I do cot care whether it is
attached to a hospital at New York or whether
it is out on the prairies in the West I do not
