1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3279:
making power, nor are they authorized either by the
CoriKlituHon or laws of the United States; andthere-
foro this House does hereby solemnly condemn the
same, and does also earnestly butrespectfully express
the_ hope and expectation that the Senate will not
ratify the said pretended treaty.
Resolved, That a copy of the foregoing resolutions
he transmitted te the Senate of the United States.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Wliatorder
will the Senate take on these resolutions?
Mr. SUMNER. Those resolutions of the
House of Representatives relate to a matter
which properly comes before the Senate in
executive session. They do not properly ap-
pear here in the course of legislative business.
I should desire, therefore, that they should be
transferred to the executive business of the
Senate and then referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope they will be
printed.
Mr. HARLAN. Why not refer them di-
rectly to the Committee on Indian Affairs?
Mr. SUMNER. That can be done. I pre-
face that motion, however, by expressing my
regret that they were not presented to the Sen-
ate in executive session, as they concern the
executive business of the body and not the
legislative business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lutions were considered in public session in the
House of Representatives, and of course were
sent here in public session.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that that they be
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope they will be
printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lutions will be referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs and printed, if there be no
objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter from the Secretary of the
Interior, transmitting a copy of a communi-
cation from the Secretary of War, inclosing
copies of letters from General Sherman rela-
tive to the treaty with the Sac and Fox Indians,
now before the Senate; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1100) to amend an act
entitled "An act to regulate the carriage of
passengers in steamships and other vessels, and
for other purposes;" and
A bill (H. R. No. 1261) amendatory of an
act relating to habeas coipus, and regulating
judicial proceedings in certain cases.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bills and joint
resolutions ; and they were thereupon signed
by the President pro tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 867) for the relief of Jona-
than Jessup, postmaster at York, Pennsylvania;
A bill (H. R. No. 1120) to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to change the names
of certain vessels;
A bill (H. R. No. 1218) appropriating money
to sustain the Indian peace commission and
carry out treaties made thereby;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 246) directing
the Secretary of State to present to George
Wright, master of the British brig J. and Gr.
Wright, a gold chronometer, in appreciation
of his personal services in saving the lives of
three American seamen, wrecked at sea on
board of the American schooner Lizzie F.
Choate, of Massachusetts;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 268) for the
relief of Robert L. Lindsay ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 295) to author-
ize the Secretary of the Treasury to remit
the duties on certain articles contributed to
the National Association of American Sharp-
shooters ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 294) donating
to the Washington City Orphan Asylum the
iron railing taken from the old Hall of the
House of Representatives;
A bill (S. No. 164) to provide for appeals
from the judgments of the Court of Claims,
and for other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 280) granting a pension to
Michael Hennessy, of Platte county, Missouri;
A bill (S. No. 377) to change the time of
holding the district and-circuit courts of the
United States in the several districts in the
State of Tennessee ; and
A bill (S. No. 425) granting a pension to
George Bennett.
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 1100) to amend an act
entitled "An act to regulate the carriage of
passengers in steamships and other vessels,
and for other purposes," was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
The bill (H. R. No. 1261) amendatory of
an act relating to habeas corpus, and regu-
lating judicial proceedings in certain cases,
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
central branch pacific railroad.
Mr. HOWARD. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 256.
Mr TRUMBULL. I will inquire what will
be the effect of that motion when the hour of
two o'clock arrives. Will the joint resolution,
which was the-order of the day, then come up?
ThePRESIDENT pro tempore. I can hardly
answer this question satisfactorily to myself.
It was postponed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. For an hour, to enable
the other bill to be disposed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I suppose
when that hour has expired the unfinished
business will be before the Senate again.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If that joint resolution
comes uo at the end of the hour, I shall not
object to this motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I suppose
it does under the rule, as I understand it. The
question is on taking up the bill mentioned by
the Senator from Michigan.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 256) relating
to the Central Branch Union Pacific Railroad
Company.
Mr. POMEROY. When this bill was before
the Senate on a previous occasion, the Sen-
ator from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] was addressing
the Senate, and was broken off in the middle
of a speech by the expiration of the morning
hour. I suppose he desires to finish his re-
marks on that question.
Mr. HARLAN. So much time has elapsed
since this bill was before the Senate 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Before the
debate proceeds, the amendment pending,
offered by the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Morrill,] will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was in lines twenty-four and twenty-five, to
strike out the words " for any greater length
of road than one hundred and fifty miies
from" and to insert the word "beyond;" so
that the proviso will read :
Provided, That no subsidy in United States bonds
shall be allowed to said Central Branch Company
beyond the termination of the one hundred miles
on which bonds are already authorized to be issued
on said line of railroad.
Mr. HARLAN. I was about to remark that
it has been so long since this bill was before
the Senate that it will be very difficult for me
to begin now where I left off; and if a vote can
be taken without further discussion I would
much prefer to have the vote taken on the bill
than to submit any further remarks myself.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suppose I am not fore-
closed by the observations of my friend from
Iowa from saying something. I believe I was
broken off, six or eight weeks ago, much in the
same manner as the Senator from Iowa; and
in order to make myself understood, I shall
have to begin at the beginning.
Mr. President, I have desired to investigate
this subject with entire impartiality, and so far
as I am conscious of my intellectual operations,
I have done so. If I have failed to see the
merit which the friends of this bill suppose it
to contain, it is not because I have not listened-
to those friends in doors and oat of doors,- "in.
season and out of season," to their heart's can-
tent._ Every suggestion that ingenuity could
provide which should induce one to go for the
bill has been made to me. Every sentiment-
which sympathy sometimes permits us to ex-
press has been appealed to. And so if I have
felt obliged to come to a conclusion which
differs from that of the Senators who advocate
this bill, it has not been for want of investi-
gation and for want of teaching.
But, Mr. President, the truth is, neverthe-
less, I believe, that any fair man who merely
desires to do his duty in protecting the Treasury
of the United States, and protecting the tax-
payers whom he represents, must conclude
that this claim has no just or legal foundation.
This company may have been unfortunate
under the circumstances that have taken place.
It appears from their own statement, and I
believe it, that they have been; that they find
themselves with a hundred miles of railroad
built from the Missouri river westward in the
State of Kansas, not in any Territory of the
United States, which- does not pay running
expenses. In a State that is rapidly filling up
with population, as we are told ; a State that
is the garden of the West, that should support
its population of millions, and will in due time,
I dare say, this company finds itself now, after
having received $1,600,000 of the money of
the United States in aid of the construction of
its road, with a hundred miles of railroad and
with expenses in running it so great that they
are not met or satisfied by the income of the
property. Now the company wish the United
States to give them $2,500,000 more of its
b.onds, its credit, in order to enable them to
prosecute that enterprise one hundred and fifty
miles, as the bill provides, so as to connect
with the great Pacific line which is to termi-
nate at Omaha or somewhere near the one
hundreth meridian west.
If we are in a condition to subsidize all the
branches which are authorized by State author-
ity, converging westward to the one hundredth
meridian, from Iowa, from Kansas, from Mis-
souri, and from all that great region of coun-
try, then this application comes to us with as
good a ground for support as any application
could. Those who are engaged in it are re-
spectable men unquestionably. I dare say they
have spent their money economically; and
they have that natural desire for a reasonable
margin of profits that, all business men have.
But the question is whether we can take the
step of adding to our already somewhat large
stock of bonds of one kind and another,
$2,500,000 more in aid of what is really, and
nothing else, a State enterprise, a company
chartered by the State of Kansas, the length
of whose whole line is in the State of Kansas,
subject to the laws of Kansas, and to the laws
of no other government or community on earth.
That is the question.
Senators all know perfectly well that the
theory of this Pacific railroad business was to
have one grand trunk line from the one hun-
dredth meridian west to the borders of Cali-
fornia, and to permit as many branch lines in
the States running from the Mississippi or the
Missouri, or wherever else State authority
might grant them, to connect there, as chose
to do it. It is true that afterward, b-y the act
of 1864, the line through Iowa, I believe,
which comes out at Omaha or somewhere there,
became practically a part of (hat great trunk
line. And now we have the application of
this company to become another part of this
great trunk line. It appears to me, I am sorry
to say, that there is no justification for such
an application. '
It is. said, I know, and it is pressed with great
