3280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
pertinacity, that there is a legal obligation
arising out of our previous statutes which com-
pels us, in the exercise of legal good faith as
well as moral good faith, to grant this subsidy ;
that is to say, that by force of the act of 1864
this company was permitted, with the subsidy,
bonds as well as lands, to extend its line to
the one hundredth meridian under the circum-
stances which that law provided for, although
the express letter of the law declared in so
many words that it should only have a sub-
sidy in bonds for one hundred miles in length
from its eastern termination. Of course it
would require a pretty strong degree of argu-
mentation to convince a fair man who had no
motive or interest to subserve except just to
do right that when the statute of 18C4, as well
as that of 1862, declared, in words, that the
amount of subsidy this company should have
should only be for one hundred miles, the real
meaning of the law, after all, was that in a
certain contingency it should be for two hun-
dred and fifty miles. It would require, I say,
a pretty large degree of ingenuity to do that.
It is claimed, I know, that the opinion of
Mr. Curtis, employed by this company to give
an opinion for a proper compensation, argues
us out of that result. Sir, I do not believe it.
I think that Mr. Curtis, with a great deal of
skill and ingenuity, has evaded the precise
point, and has dealt in what an eminent orator
of his own town once described to be " sound-
ing and glittering generalities."
The ground upon which that claim is made
(and I must be excused for referring to the
statutes) is supposed to be this: that by the
act of 1864 these various lines were permitted
to consolidate with each other, and one section
of the act of 1864 provided, it is said, that in
case any one of these lines that were to con-
solidate should fail to build its road according
to the obligation that the law imposed so as to
make a complete connection with some of the
other lines, then the line with whom such a
connection might be made should have an
opportunity to take up the right of the other
defaulting company and to extend the road over
the line which had been previously granted to
the other ; and they say that inasmuch as the
company with which this, was to connect—the
Union Pacific, eastern division, I believe it is
called—has not built in the direction and to
the extent that the act of 1864 authorized it to
build, this company is now, therefore, lawfully
authorized to go on with the construction of
the road, and is entitled to receive the subsidy
in bonds for doing it. I entirely dissent from
that proposition as a matter of law. I have
studied the statutes with the utmost care, and
have listened, as I have said, to the personal
argument of one of the gentlemen connected
with this line, which was certainly very ingeni-
ous, and one which,I do not doubt, he believed
in himself, to show that that was its construc-
tion ; but I cannot bring my mind to see it in
that light.
The Union Pacific Company, eastern divis
ion, was authorized by that very act of 1804 to
connect its line with the Union Pacific proper
west of the one hundredth meridian by an
express authority ; and so was any of the other
companies that were to connect with that line.
They were authorized by the act of 1864 ex-
pressly to connect west of the one hundredth
meridian at any point they might choose, some-
where in the vicinity of Denver, I think it was.
Perhaps there was no limitation at all; I am
not sure about that. All that the act of 1866
provided,which is the act these claimants now
complain of, was, that the time within which
the eastern division line should file its location
and survey, and I do not know but begin its
work—I am sure about that—should be ex-
tended a ceiiain length of time.
Mr. CONKLING. No; file its map.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is all the act of
1866 provided. So that by the act of 1864,
under which this claim of right on the part of
these claimants is made, the very company that
they now complain of as having diverged its
line to their injury was authorized to select any
route that it pleased to select., so that it con-
nected anywhere west of the one hundredth
meridian with the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany. Now, therefore, there can be no equity,
there can be no grant which can ever operate
so long as the Union Pacific, eastern division,
is going on, in favor of these parties, under the
very section that they claim under, for the
reason that the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, eastern division, down to to-day is, doing
precisely the thing that the act of 1864 author-
ized it to do; that is to say, building westward
with the authority to connect, and with the
obligation to connect, as the law stands, with
the Union Pacific railroad proper at some point
west of the one hundredth meridian; so that
the Eastern Division Railway Company, using
the language in this section under which this
claim is made, has not defaulted in the slightest
degree. It has not failed to do any one thing
that the act of 1864 required it to do. It is
exercising now whatever authority it. does exer-
cise under the power and authority that this
very act of 1804 gave to it. And, as I have
said, this same act declared, in express terms,
when this authority was conferred upon the
Eastern Division Company, that in no event
should this particular line have more than its
hundred miles of subsidy.
The gentlemen who are interested in this
line knew, of course, of the law of 1864. The
act of 1864 was passed before this particular
Central Branch Company—if that be the name
of it—had begun any operations at all. If I
am correctly informed, (and if I am not the
chairman of the committee will correct me,)
the operations of the Central Branch Pacific
Raiload Company had not commenced on the
passage of the act of 1864. Am I right?
Mr. HOWARD. I am not able to furnish
the Senator from Vermont with exactly the
facts as to the state of the work on the branch
road now under consideration at that time;
but I think he has been misinformed with re-
gard to the fact of no work having been com-
menced on the Central Branch at that date.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As the chairman of the
committee does not seem to know, and believes
I am misinformed, I must give my authority.
My authority is the very officers of this com-
pany who are now here pressing this claim.
Unless I am very much mistaken—and if I find
that I am I will take the earliest possible
moment to correct it—when they were attempt-
ing to convince me that this was a just claim—
and I was willing to be convinced, I must con-
fess, because they are gentlemen of rectitude
and sincerity apparently—when they were en-
deavoring to convince me what the state of
this case was, and why I ought to go for this
bill, in order to ascertain what their equities
were, I made the usual inquiries that, any body
who wished to understand the subject would.
What was your company about when this act
of 1804 passed ? Let us ascertain whether there
was anything in that act which did you injus-
tice. Were you a party to it ? Were you satis-
fied with its passage ? Were you one of the pro-
moters of it ? I understood these gentlemen
to reply that they were. And then, when I
asked tbem what was the state of the work on
your road at that time; had you invested any
money in the construction of-that road, I
understood them to reply that they had not.
They, therefore, did not claim that there was
anything in the act of 1804 which they had any
right to complain of or any disposition to com-
plain of; but, taking the act of 1804 as it
stood, they claimed that in order to carry out
its provisions in their favor, on account of the
subsequent conduct of Congress in 1866 and
of the Eastern Division Company, they were
authorized to receive this subsidy. 1 think,
then, I am not mistaken when I say that,
referring to the act of 1864 amending that of
1802, we find this company in a condition when
they not only have no right to complain of that
legislation, but were actually one of the parties
who promoted it and obtained it to be made,
having no money invested, having no work
done; and therefore, referring to the act of
1864 as the foundation upon which their subse-
quent operations were taken, as well as those
of the eastern division, we have a right, and
we must, indeed, look at the fair meaning o.
that act as we construe it, having no fee or
interest to misconstrue it, in order to ascertain
what their rights are as respects the eastern
division. ...
When we come to see what those rights are,
it does not seem to be capable of being mis-
understood. I agree that it is very easy to
employ counsel to make up an opinion ana
give a statute any construction you may wish
for it. If I go to my counsel and tell him that
I want an opinion made out which will give
me a right under a statute, and he looks at it
with the ingenious eyes of a skillful man, he
can write an argument that will be at least very
confusing, as that of Mr. Curtis is. That is
what he is employed to do, to present that side
of the question, and so it will bewith every
statute, because human language is not suffi-
ciently exact and particular to be entirely
incapable of being misconstrued or misunder-
stood.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Vermont, if I understood
him correctly—bat perhaps I only understood
part of what he was saying—did he say that
the central branch or its officers assisted in
the passage of the act authorizing a change of
the route of the eastern division ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am speaking of the act
of 1864 now; I have not yet come to the act of
18G6. I understand the officers who are now
representing the central branch to say that the
act of 1806 was passed injuriously to their
rights and interests, without their knowledge
or consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And they protested
against it, as I understand.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They protested against it
in the House of Representatives, as they say;
but I will come to that presently.
In. what I say about the constructioa of
the&'e statutes I wish to be borne out by the
judgment of the Senate, and therefore I shall
refer in all cases where I can to their exact
language. The ninth section of the act of 1864
provides:
"Thai any company authorized by this act to con-
struct its road and telegraph line from the Missouri
river to the initial point aforesaid"—
That, you will perceive, related to the Union
Pacific, eastern division, the one which this
company is now complaining of, as one of the
companies included in that act—
" That any company authorized by this act to con-
struct its road and telegraph line from the Missouri
river to the initial point aforesaid, may construct its
road and telegraph line so as to connect with the
Union Pacific railroad at any point westward!?'of
such initial point, in case such company shall deem
such westward, connection more practicable or desir-
able; and in aid of the construction of so much oi it-*
road and telegraph line as shall so bo a departure
iroin the route hereinbefore provided for it* road
such company shall bo enWed to all thebenefits and
be subject to all the cond/aons and restriction^ of
thisi aotj Provided further, however, That the bonds
of the United States shall not be issued to such com-
pany tor a greater amount than is hereinbefore pro-
vided it the same had united with the Union Pacific
railroad on the one hundredth degree of Umjrilude *
nor shall such company be entitled to receive any
greater amount of alternate sections of public lands
than are also herein provided."
Here, Mr. President, by this section, as the
benate will perceive, was an express authority,
in language absolutely unmistakable—at least
as much so as language is capable of being—
to the union Pacitie railroad, eastern division,
whose action is now the soie subject of com-
plaint on the part of this Central Branch Com-
pany, to extend its road westwardly to any
point of connection which it might ehoo=e
hundredth degree of longitude.
Mr. 1 OMIiBOi. Ido not like to interrupt
the Senator ; but, if he will allow me, I wish
to ask why they came in 1866 to get the right
to go there if they had that right in 1864?
Mr EDMUNDS. I am nSt the keeper of
the U nion Pacific railroad, eastern division ;
m fact I know less about it than I do about
the central branch, because 1 have not been
subjected to that kind of attention from its
