198
SUPPLEMENT TO
Mr. CURTIS rose.
Mr. Manager BCJTLER. We desire that
that may be put in writing, Mr. Chief Justice.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The offer to prove
will be put in writing if any Senator requires it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask that the offer to
prove may be put in writing, that we may all
understand precisely what the question is.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The.counsel will
please pat what they propose to prove in
writing.
The offer was reduced to writing and sent to
the desk.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the proposition.
The Secretary read as follows:
We offer to prove that Mr. Cox was employed pro-
fessionally by the President, in the presence of Gen-
eral Thomas, to take such legal proceedings in the
case tliat had been commenced against General
Thomas as would be effectual to raiso judicially the
question of Mr. Stanton's legal right to continue to
hold the office of Secretary for the Department of
War against the authority of the President, and also
in reference to obtaining a writ of mo warranto for
the same purpose: and wo shall cxpoct to follow up
this proof by evidenco of what was douo by the wit-
ness in pursuance of the above employment.
_ Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I should
like to ask an oral question, if there be no
objection.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. If there be no
objection the Senator from Vermont will ask
his question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to ask at what
date this interview is alleged to have taken
place ?
Mr. CURTIS. The 22d of February.
Mr. Manager PUTLER. This testimony is
liable to two objections, if not more, but two
sufficient, Mr. President and Senators. The
first is that after the act done, and after the
matter was in course of impeachment, was in
proceeding before the House, and after Mr.
Statiton had, to protect himself, made an atli-
davit that he expected to be turned out of his
office by force, the President sent, as is pro-
posed to be proved, for Mr. Cox, the witness,
and gave him certain directions. It is alleged
that those directions were that he should pre-
pare a quo warranto. I had supposed that
such a <jko warranto was to be tiled by the
Attorney General, if at ail, but that that pro-
cess had substantially gone out of use, and an
information in the nature of a writ of quo war-
ranto would have been the proper proceeding,
and that information must be exhibited by the
Attorney General.
Now, then, let us see just here how the case
stands. The President had told General Sher-
man that the reason why he did not apply to
lawyers, and why lie took Army officers into
this trouble, was that it was impossible to make
up a case. One of the Senators asked him to
repeat that answer, and he repeated it. The
President said to him, '' I am told by the law-
yers that it is impossible to make up a ease."
After he had been told that, and after he had
been convinced of that, lie still went on to
make the removal, and lie undertakes to show to
you here that lie made the removal to make up
a case which he himself declared was impossi-
ble to be made up. It is apparent that no case
would by possibility have got into court except
for the declarations and the threats of this otii-
cer Thomas to turn by force Stanton out of
the War Office. That having been done, he
sends for a very proper counsel, as I have no
doubt the Senate will be quite convinced be-
fore we get through. He sends for avery proper
counsel for Mr. Thomas, and having got him
there lie undertakes then to make up a ease for
the Senate, before which he was to be brought
by impeachment. Now they say they expect
to prove that the President wanted a ease made
up to go to the courts, and that in pursuance
of that Mr. Cox so acted.
Mr. Cox cannot be allowed to testify to that
for another reason. They themselves have put
in the reeoril (which imports absolute verity and
cannot be contradieted by parol or other evi-
dence) that General Thomas was dismissed upon
the motion of his counsel. Upon the motion of
his counsel the case was dismissed. Therefore
we object, in the first place, that this declaration
of the President to his lawyer after the fact and
after he was in process of being impeached for
that fact, shall not be put in evidence in view of
the circumstances. We object, then, that what
was done in court shall not be proved except by
the record, which I believe there is no lawyer
in the Senate, and no layman either, will ever
believe for a moment can be allowed. Then
we object further on this matter that this whole
proceeding was between other parties in the
court. There is no evidence from the record,
so far as it has been put in here, (and the whole
record is put in,) that the President went into
that court and asked to have that case carried
on, that he showed his hand, or that he made
himself apparent. ITe does not appear upon
the record. He does not appear as employing
counsel. It looks as though it was the case
of General Thomas, and the court dealt with
it as the case of General Thomas.
If the President had gone and asked that
the case might be decidcd as a great constitu-
tional question, non constat but that the court
would have decided it; but they did not do so.
All that appears on the record is that this gen-
tleman or some other appeared as counsel for
General Thomas; and the question was one
whether General Thomas should be held under
bonds or whether, under the circumstances, he
was likely to appear and answer further when
the grand jury sat, it being then found that
there was no danger from his personal action
by violence.
Mr. EVARTS. Mr. Chief Justice and Sen-
ators, I will first notice some of the suggestions
made by the learned and honorable Manager
that seem to us not to have any particular bear-
ing upon the question of evidence now submit-
ted to you, but which may be noticed.
lie says that the Attorney General alone can
institute a quo warranto. The Attorney Gen-
eral has by law no official function in any court
except the Supreme Court of the United States,
and a quo warranto proceeding would need to
be commenced in the court of the District. A
quo warranto proceeding, as has heretofore
been contended on the part of the Managers,
and in regard to which no dispute has arisen,
can only be made, it, is supposed by them, on
the part of the Government, and not on the
part of the officer who has been detruded from
office. That is one thing; but the question
whether that action of the Government can be
taken in any court only by the Attorney Gen-
eral is quite a different matter, and it might
appear that if this adhesion of the Attorney
General, or his approval that the proceeding
should be taken by the professional advisers
employed to that end, was necessary,we should
be able to produce that proof.
Now, it is said that after the President told
General Sherman that it was impossible to
make up a case it is now impossible for us to
show that lie did attempt to make up a case.
This is, J suppose, a new application of the
doctrine of estoppel. It is impossible for us
to see any other appropriateness iti it. But
the fact is simply this: that when, in advance
of the official action of the President to or
towards the removal of Mr. Stanton, and when
General Sherman was asked to receive from
the Chief Executive the authority to discharge
the duties of this office ad interim, and when
General Sherman was revolving in his own
mind his duty as a citizen and as a friend and
servant of the Government and sought to in-
quire why this matter which the President
desired to test and to have his presence ill the
controversy to enable him to test it could not
be tested by the lawyers alone, without bring-
ing in a deposit of the ad interim authority in
an}' officer, the President replied that it was
impossible to make up a case except by such
executive action as should lay the basis for
judicial interference and determination. Then,
in advance, the President did not anticipate
the necessity of being driven to this judicial
controversy, because, in the alternative of
General Sherman's accepting this trust thus i
reposed in him, the President expected the
retirement of Mr. Stanton, and thus by that
acquiescence no need would arise for further
controversy in court or elsewhere. That is the
condition of the proof as it now stands before
the Senate, or as we upon it shall contend that
it now stands in the judgment of the Senate, in
regard to what occurred between the President
and General Sherman.
We have already seen in proof that General
Thomas received from the President on the
21st of February this designation to take charge
of the office from Mr. Stanton if he retired,
and his report to the President in the first
instance of what was regarded as an equiva-
lent to an acquiescence by Mr. Stanton in this
demand of the office and its surrender to the
charge of General Thomas. It has then been
shown in evidence that General Thomas was
arrested on the morning of the 22d, and that
before he went into court he communicated
that fact to the President and received the Pres-
ident's response that that was as they wished it
should be, to have the matter in court.
Now, we propose to show that on the after-
noon of the same day, the matter then being
in court, (and which the President had said
was according to his desire, always supposing
that there was not a retirement which rendered
further controversy and trouble unnecessary to
the parties and the country,) the President did
take it up as his controversy between the Con-
stitution and the law, to be determined by the
highest judicial tribunal of the country by the
most rapid method that the law and competent
advisers as to the law should permit. And we
are met by the novelty of objection that when
the matter to be proved is not the state of the
record between the United States and General
Thomas in that criminal complaint, but the
state of facts as regards the action and pur-
pose of the President of the United States in
attempting to produce before the tribunals of
the country for solemn judicial determination
the matter in controversy, as the record of the
criminal charge made and dismissed does not
contain the name and action of the President
of the United States, in this behalf we cannot
show what did occur and what was the action
of the President.
The learned Manager says it does not ap-
pear by the record that the President made
this his controversy and attempted these ob-
jects and pursued this purpose. Certainly it
does not; and if any lawyer can see how and
why and in what possible method of applica-
tion in the record of a prosecution of General
Thomas by the United States for an infraction
criminally of the civil tenure-of-office bill the
action of the President should appear we
might, perhaps, bo precluded by some of these
suggestions and arguments; but still the mat-
ter would be wholly aside from the real point
of inquiry here.
Now, Mr. Chief Justice and Senators, we
are not to be judged by the measure of the
proof that we are able to offer through this
witness, as regards the effect and value of the
entire evidence bearing upon this point as it
shall be drawn from this witness and from
other witnesses and from other forms of testi-
mony. We stand here definitely, and so as not
to be misunderstood 011 this proposition, that
when the alternative, not expccted by the
President, of the resistance of Mr. Stanton to
this form of resignation or retirement de-
manded or removal claimed, whatever you
choose to call it, was presented, so that he was
obliged to find resources in the law, which he
had contemplated as a thing greatly to be de-
sired but impossible without the antecedent
proceedings upon which a proper footing could
be gained ill the courts, he then did, with such
promptness and such decision and such clear
and unequivocal purpose as will be indicated
in the evidence, assume immediately that ser-
vice and that duty ; and it will appear that the
opportunity thus presented to him for a more
rapid determination than a quo warranto or an
information in the nature of a quo warranto
would permit being seized, it was prevented by
