1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
32S1
officers that I have been from those of the cen-
tral branch—no offensive attention either.
Mr. POMIJKOY. Perhaps the Senator may
not be aware that they had applied to go up
where he says they had a right to go when the
Senator from, Iowa was Secretary of the Inte-
rior, and that construction was not put upon
it by the Secretary of the Interior, and there-
fore they came to Congress.
Mr. liAliLAN. The question was referred
to the Attorney General, and the Attorney
Genera! thought that they had not the right.
Mr. ISDMU NDS. Had not what right?
Mr. HARLAN. Had not the right to
change their location.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What do you mean by
changing their location? Do you mean to say
that the Attorney General decided that, under
the act of 18(i4, the Union Pacific, eastern
division, had not a right to construct its road
and telegraph line so as to connect with the
Union Pacific railroad proper at any point
west of the initial point?
Mr. HAKLAN. Mr. President, I mean this:
under the act of 1802 and the act of 1864 this
Eastern Division Company had located then-
line of road with the approval of the Secretary
ot' tlie Interior, my predecessor; and the At-
torney General held that they had no right to
change the location, that the rights of other
parties had vested, and that they had no right
to make the change. The Senate will remem-
ber that under that law it is provided that each
branch shall be so located as to enable each
other branch to make its connection within the
limits specified in the law, and the location of
the several branches having been made under
that provision of law, the law also provides
that this shall be done subject to the approval
of the President of the United States; and this
having been done, and the rights of other par-
ties having vested, it was held that they could
not make the change.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know what
change they want to make with the Secretary
of the Interior; and 1 am unable to ascertain
from my friend from Iowa now whether the
Attorney General decided that this stat ute was
in force or was not. I have the impression
that if we had the Attorney General here, and
could cross-examine him, we should discover
that he was then of opinion that this statute
was in force, and that its language meant
exactly what it says: that the Union Pacific
Railroad Company, eastern division, might
extend its line to any point of connection with
the Union Pacific railroad proper, west of the
one hundredth meridian, that it pleased, ftsays
so in terms that are incapable of being misun-
derstood. What the Senator from Iowa says
as to their being bound to permit other com-
panies to connect with them eastward of the one
hundredth meridian is perfectly true; and if
the Union Pacific, eastern division, was to con-
nect with the Union Pacific proper attheeast-
ern boundary of California, this company could
connect with it on the eastern side of the one
hundredth meridian, if it wanted to do so. There
is tio difficulty about that. It has a perfect
legal right, if iny friend from Iowa is correct,
to connect with the Union Pacific, eastern
division, if it goes around by South America
to reach California, anywhere this side of the
one hundredth meridian. But inasmuch as the
statute did not provide that any of these con-
necting companies should connect west of the
one hundredth meridian, ofcourse the company
that my friend from Io'Wa is speaking for must
comply with the statute and conncct east of
the ono hundredth meridian ; and there is aline
of road for it to connect with east of the one
hundredth meridiau, or five hundred miles west
of it; and it is a mere question of convenience
and of profit between the two companies at
what point east of the one hundredth meridian
the central branch shall connect with the east-
ern division. Therealpointofcomplaint, how-
ever. is, I suspect, that the central branch
people^vish to go northwest to make a connec-
tion, whereas, according to the direction in
which the Eastern Division Company are now
40tu Ooxo. 2r> Sksc.—No, 200.
building their road, they would have to go
southwest. It is perfectly easy for thein so
connect east of the onehundredlh meridian ; but
they wish to compel the eastern division to
bend their road to the northwest, so that they
can connect with it in that direction, instead
of being obliged themselves to bend their own
line to the southwest. It may be a matter
which would produce no profit at all if they
were to connect in the southwest; but that is
a matter with which the law has nothing to do.
So we find, Mr. President, that the act of
1862 gave this State company authority to
build one hundred miles of line in its own
State, and a right to have SI,000.000 of our
bonds to do it with, with the express i>rovi«o
that it should not have in any event—and I
use, I believe, the exact language of the
statute; my friend, the chairman of the com-
mittee, will correct me if I am wrong—receive
a subsidy in bonds for more than the first one
hundred miles. Is there any ground of mis-
construction about that? Could this company
have misunderstood what that meant when
theyset out to undertake to build this line, the
law declaiing to (hem 'hat in no event should
they receive this subsidy m bonds for more
than one hundred miles? Sir. it would bo an
insult to the sense of the Senate to suppose
that that language could have been misunder-
stood by auvbody. Then, coming down to
the act of we find that the company with
whose line this was to connect, were, if they
chose, authorized by an act of which this com-
pany was a promoter, a company which at that
time had not expended a dollar to extend
their line to any point of junction with the
main trunk west of the one .hundredth meri-
dian, still leaving the company making this
claim to make its connection with the eastern
division east, of the one hundredth meridian at
any point thai it might choose, having " in no
event'' again a right to a subsidy for more
than one hundred miles.
As I have said, Mr. President, after having
listened to all the ingenious persuasions ol'
these gentlemen—and they have been ingen-
ious—and having had my sympathies appealed
to, because this road does not pay, I have been
unable to even see a doubt tinder the act of
1804 as to what its plain meaning is; and 1
may add that I have vet to hear iiom the offi-
cers of this company, or ftom anybody else,
any complaint as to what the act of 1801 pro-
vided as an amendment to the act of 18152.
They do not go back to that; they claim that
the aet of 18(ii is all right, and they say that
all they ask for is such rights as the act of 18U1
gave to them. They claim that under the six-
teenth section of that aet, inasmuch as the
eastern division swung its line to the south
with a view of connecting at Denver, as that
same act by the ninth section gave itauthority
to do, they are, therefore, entitled t.o build an
independent line to the northwest until they
shall strike the Union Pacific at the one hun-
dredth meridian. I have no objection to their
building that line ; but when they undertake to
convince me that my conscience is bound or
my sense of law is bound, under the construc-
tion of these statutes, to make the Treasury of
the United States a contributor to that road, I
say they make a great mistake, because the law
is not capable, as it appears to me, under any
fair or even under any exact and technical
construction, of being wrested to any such
purpose. They were only authorized by that
sixteenth section, as I said, and as the lan-
guage of tbe-daw is, to build on the line
where the eastern division should or might
have built, in case that company made default
in constructing the line where the act of 1864
authorized it to construct; and as I have shown
by the very language of the act of 1864, it did
authorize the eastern division to construct
according to its own free will and pleasure to
any point that it might choose west of the one
hundredth meridian.
Taking these two sections together, what is
the meaning of the law? One section author-
ized the eastern division to construct at its
1 own discretion to any point of connection west
! of the one hundredth meridian. Then putting
i the_ very construction on tin1 sixteenth section
I which the claimants do, the .sixteenth section
i authorized the claimants, in case the eastern
I division should make default in constructing
I that line within the time that the act provides
■ to a point of connection west of the one hun-
dredth meridian, to take it up and construct it;
but it so happens, as we all know the fact is,
that the eastern division has not ma'de any
default, in constructing its line to a point west
ot the one hundredth meridian. That com-
pany has chosen, under the authority of this
act of 1864, to swing its line further to the
south than it had intended to do, it is said, in
order to connect at a point more suitable to its
own notions of the traffic and profits which
would arise from its constructing the line, and
that is all it has done.
JJut, suppose, Mr. President, for the sake
of the argument, that under this act of 1864
this Eastern Division Company had been guilty
of a violation of their duty in swinging their
line so much to the south, does that give this
Central Branch Company any right to ask Con-
grwis to make it good? Do we stand as the
guaumlors or sureties of every railway com-
pany to whom wc give a subsidy that they
shall peifoim all their other obligations in
favor of everybody else? Are we the ultimate
residuary of reimbursement to every railroad
company whos)1 undertaking is interfered with
by another? Is that the sense of etjuity that
is to be appealed to in a body like this? Why,
suppose. Mr. President, that, in your own Stale
the Legislature of Ohio should have chartered
two linos of railway and authorized one t.O
connect with the other, and upon the faith of
that authority one of those companies should
have gone on and expended money with a view
to make the connection, and the other com-
pany docs not. choose to comply with the law,
or the Legislature itself chooses to repeal the
charter entirely from motives that commend
themselves to its own sense of what, ius public
duty is, whatthen ? That is one of the chances
of business which all business men who have
sagacity foresee are possible to happen. There
can be no obligation oil the part of a State
that charters an incorporated company and
gives it certain privileges and makes it its duty
to submit to certain burdens and easements
that belong to another; there is no equity
which compels that State to uphold and com-
pel performance by that corporation ol its duty
unless it, chooses to do so. It may repeal the
charter the next, day if it sees good reason for
it; and while, if it acted grossly, unjustly, and
Corruptly, it. might give the party injured a
right to appeal to its sense of returning jus-
tice for reimbursement, it could scarcely give
such a corporation a right to demand ot it that
it should take up the whole business that the
other company had abandoned and carry on
an entirely new and independent line of oper-
ations. That could scarcely be contended.
Now, Mr. President, what is the act of 1866,
which, as it is said, is the real ground of com-
plaint? The equity which is set up against
Congress is that in 1866 it passed this law:
An Act to amend an act entitled "An act to amend
an act entitled 'An act to aid in the construction
of a railroad and telegraph lirio from the Missouri
rivor to the Pacific ocean, and to secure to the Gov-
ern men t the use of the same lor postal, military,
and other purposes/ approved July i, lb#2/' ap-
proved July '2,18G4.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Represent-
ativeaofthe United States of America hi Congress a««w-
bhd. That the Union Pacific Railway Company, east-
ern division, is hereby authorized to designate the
general route of their said road, and to nse a roup
thereof, as now required by law, at any time before
the 1st day of December, 1866; and upon the filing
of the said map,showing the general route ot said
road, the lands along the entire line tuereot, so wf
as the same may be designated, shall be reserved
from sale by order of the Secretary of the Interior:
Provided, That s.vid company shall be entitle*d to
only the same amount of the bonds of the United
States to aid in the construction of their line of irni -
road and telegraph as they would hayebeon eiuit ea
to if they had connected then* said Wwl®
Union Pacific railroad on the one hundredth dewee
of longitude as now required by law: A>™
further, That said company shall connect taeir Hue
