1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4307
Mr. BROOKS. As it is too late to act on
the bill at this session, I move that it be re-
committed to the Committee of Ways and
Means and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
ORDER 03? BUSINESS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have a
little pension bill here, to which I suppose
there will be no objection. I ask that it may
be now considered.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I object. I believe I am
entitled to the floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
object.
Mr. RANDALL. To what?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. To any
other business than the regular order.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have agreed to yield
five minutes of my time to the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Marshall.]
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have a bill here which
was introduced by the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Farnswohth] and referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. I have been
directed by that committee to report the bill to
the House with an amendment in the nature
of a substitute. I suppose there will be no
objection to it. The bill is House bill No. 443,
to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to
refund to the Illinois Iron and Bolt Company
cerlain penalties wrongfully collected.
Mr. RANDALL. Let the substitute be read.
The substitute was read. It, authorizes the
Secretary of the Treasury to examine a judg-
ment by confession rendered on the 2d day
of October, 1805, in the circuit court of the
northern district of Illinois, against the Illi-
nois Iron and Bolt Company, for $3,500 pen-
alties for certain alleged violation of the in-
ternal revenue laws, and to refund to the
company so much of the amount paid into the
Treasury of the United States as upon invest-
igation he may think it right and proper under
the circumstances of the case to remit.
Mr. MAYNARD. The law would author-
ize the Secretary of the Treasury to do what
this substitute authorizes, except for the fact
that this money has already been covered into
the Treasury.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object
to anything but the regular order of business.
Mr. MAYNARD. Very well; I have no
interest in the bill. It is one introduced by
the gentleman's own colleague, [Mr. Farns-
wobtii.]
FUNDING TIIB NATIONAL DECT.
The House resumed the consideration of
the bill (S. No. 207) for funding the national
debt, and for the conversion of the notes of
the United States, upon which Mr. Suhexck
was entitled to the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. L yield for five minutes to
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Marshall.]
Mr. MARSHALL submitted some remarks.
[See Appendix.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I now yield five minutes
to the gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Bex-con.]
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Goiui.ui, its Secretary, notifyingthe House
that that body had adopted the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. It. No.
18-11) to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the Government for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 18G8, and for other
purposes.
It also announced that the Senate had passed
the bill (II. R. No. 1427) to establish certain
post loads, with an amendment, in which the
concurrence of the House was requested.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I submit
the following conference report.
The Clerk read as follows :  
The committee of confercnce on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (H. R. 1341) making appropriations to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations lor the service of
the Government for the fiscal year ending June30,
1868, and for other purposes, having met, after fall
aud free conference have agreed to recommend, and
do recommend, to their respeetiveIIouse3 as follows:
That the Seriate recede from their amendments
numbered ten, nineteen, twenty-one, and twenty-
two.
That the House of Representatives) recede from
their disagreement to the amendments of the Senate
numbered one, two, three, four, five, six, eight, nine,
fourteen, sixteen, seventeen, and twenty; and agree
to the same.
That the TTouso recede from their disagreement to
the seventh amendment of the Senate and agree to
the same with an amendment, as follows: at the end
of said amendment add the following worda>: "Pro-
vided, That said expenditures shall not be applied
to any works not mentioned in the bill making ap-
propriations for repairs, preservation, and comple-
tion of certain public works and for other purposes,
which passed the House of Representatives June 30,
18(38;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the Uou3e recede from their disagreement to
the eleventh amendment <f the Senate, and. agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows; in lieu
of the words stricken out by the Senate nisei t the
following words: " Provided. That the sum shall be
in full ol all claims against the Government for work
done or damages ineuried on the Washington aque-
duct;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That, the House recede horn their disagreement to
the twelfth amendment ol the Senate, and agree to
the same with an amendment, as follows: at the end
of said amendment add the tollowing words.: " to be
expended under the immediate direction of the offi-
cer detailed to act as Supeimtendent ot Public
]3uildingis and Ghound.V
That the llou-so recede from their disagreement to
the thirteenth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment as follows: strike
out all of said amendment and insert in lieu tbo
following:
"Rock Island arsenal:
"For the erection of a bridge to connect Rock
Island aisenal with theeity of Rock Tsland, Illinois,
>100,000; said biidge to be constructed and com-
pleted for the sum hereby appropriatedaud ihc
Senate ogreo to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fifteenth amendment of the Senate, and agice to
the same with an amendment, «b follows: stnkc out
all of said amendment and insert in lieu of s:tul
Senate amendment the following: "sl0,l80Go: J'ro-
vidcd, That nothing shall be paid except subject
to existing provisions of law, and upon the finding
and ccitincate of ihc Third Auditor that the same is
actually due ;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House icccde fiom their disagreement to
the eighteenth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows: add to
said amendment the following: "Provided, That no
part of the money appropriated for this purpose
bhall be paid until the accounts for feeding such des-
titute Indians shall be fully investigated by a com-
mission to consist, of Lieutenant General AVilliamT.
Sherman, Major General P. II. Sherid;in, and Major
(leneral C. 0. Augur, and the said commission is
hereby authorized, lor the purpose of such iincnti-
gation, to call and examine witnesses in this behalf,
and only the amount that said commission shall cer-
tify to be equitably aud justly due shaU be_paid; and
said commission shall Mt at Leavenwoi th, Kansas,and
shall have power to appoint a clerk, at o. salary of
live dollars per day for the time actually employed ;
and the sum of S!,0i)U, or so much thereof as may bo
necessary, for cierk hire, traveling and incidental
expenses oLsaid commission is hereby appropriated;"
and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the twenty third amendment of the Senate. and
agree to the same with an amendment, as follows;
in lieu of the words stricken out by said amendment
insert the following.
Sec. I!. And be it further enacted. That hereafter
no contractshnllbccntercdintofor the erection, re-
pair, or furnishing of any public building, or for any
public improvement whatever, which shall bind the
Government to pay a larger sum of money than the
amount in the Treasury appropriated for the specific
purpose. And if any officer of the Government shall
knowingly contract for the erection, repair, or fur-
mshmg'of anv public building, or for any public im-
provement which shall bind the^Government to pny
a larger amount than the specific sum appropriated
for such purpose, such olricer shall be (loomed guilty
of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof by
a court of competent jurisdiction, shall be punL-hcd
by imprisonment not less than six months nor more
than two years, and shall pay aline of $-,000; and
the Senate agree to the same.
That the House reccde from their disagreement to
the twenty-fourth amendment of the Senate, ami
agree to the same with an amendment, as follows:
strike out all of said amendment after the word
"dollars" in line fourteen to the end of the aineud-
ment; and the Senate agree to the same.
L. M. MORRILL,
ROSCOE CONKLING,
J. 11. DOOLITTLB.
Managers on the part of the Senate.
E. B. "WASHRURAE,
w. u. ki
Managers on ike]>art of tho House.
Mr. BROOKS. I hope the gentleman will
explain what the Senate have added on.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. A million
and a half for rivers and harbors instead of
the river and harbor bill of $7,000,000.
Mr. BROOKS. What is the amount of the
bill now ?
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Three mil-
lion five hundred thousand.
Mr. RANDALL. Have they placed the
river and harbor bill beyond resurrection for
this session?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, sir.
Willi the passage of this bill it is beyond resur-
rection for this session, and I hope for evfery
session.
Mr. RANDALL. I join you in that.
Mr. EfctGLESTON. I understand this
$1,500,000 is not to bo used for any other
works than those named in the river and har-
bor bill which passed this House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is
tho proviso to the amendment.
The report was adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
to reconsider the vote by which the report was
adopted ; and before moving to lay that motion
on tho table I desire to say a word.
Mr. Speaker, I am glad to say to the House
that the deficiency bill jnst passed is the last
of the approj>riation bills, and the public can
now figure up the entire amount of the money
appropriated by Congress for the next fiscal
year. The bills had been considered with the
greatest care by the Appropriation Committees
of both Houses, and I think there are less ob-
jectionable items in the bills than there has
been for many years. The expenditures have
been largely cut down and a great teal of
vicious legislation that has crept in during the
war has been purged from the statute-books.
And I can say, too, that the bills are all through
in good season and at a period anterior to the
time of fixing the day of final adjournment.
That is a matter, I believe, unprecedented in
ihe history of the legislation of the House,
formerly the most of the large appropriation
bills were rushed through at the very last hours
of the session and in the most hurried and con-
fused manner, but few of the members having
any idea of what they contained.
As to the amount of the appropriations for
the present year there is the fixed sum for
interest on the public debt, for pensions, and
for bounties, in the aggregate amounting to
SI 00,000,000. That amount cannot be less-
ened. It is the ordinary expense for carrying
on all the operations of the Government for
the present fiscal year that this Congress is
responsible for, and the people will demand to
know what they are. They will not reach
more than one hundred and two millions, and
that will be against seventy millions in gold
coin in the administration of Mr. Buchanan.
Considering all things, the increase of popu-
lation, the natural increase of expenditures,
the increased prices that eveiything the Gov-
ernment has to buy, I believe the comparison
is a most favorable one, and the fact will forever
stand out to the credit of this Congress. The
estimates of expenditure for this year sent in by
the present Democratic Administration were
S«"2,000,000, including all interest on public
debt, pensions, aud bounties ; but the entire
amount appropriated by this Republican Con-
gress, including such interest, bounties, and
pensions, will not amount to more than y292,-
OOQ.OOO, a difference of $80,000,000 in favor
of Congress. With these appropriation bills
through, and without thrusting upon the coun-
try the schemes of robbery and plunder with
which we are threatened, and which are now
lying in wait, if we should now promptly ad-
journ and go home we will be welcomed by our
constituents as faithful public servants.
Mr. RANDALL. The Republicans are re-
sponsible for this Administration.
Mr. NIBLACK. I wish to ask a question.
Mr. WASHBURN15, of Illinois. I move
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
'^Mr. BROOKS. After making his speech
