1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
it lias granted to another, if it chooses for good
reasons to take away the right it granted to the
other this right would fall. That would be
one of the misfortunes of this state of tilings,
and they happen in State legislation, as my
friend knows, almost every day.
But the trouble is that my friend from Indi-
ana has suggested a hypothetical and not a
real case, because the act of 1864 did not de-
clare that the eastern division should go to the
northwest and should connect at the one hun-
dredth meridian ; it declared that it might
extend its road to any point, west, and connect
at any point west of the one hundredth meri-
dian that in its discretion, as I have read the
language, it should choose. That is what it
declared in express terms. It gave a discre-
tion to the eastern division to extend its road
and connect at any point west of the one hun-
dredth meridian it might please. This is the
language:
"That any company authorized by this act to con-
struct its roud and telegraph line from tho Missouri
river to the initial point aforesaid, may construct its
road and telegraph line so as to connect with the
Union Pacific railroad at any point westwardly ot'
such initial point, in case such company shall deem
such westward connection more practicable or desir-
able.''
It therefore, by uamistakable language, re-
posed a discretion lu the Union Pacific Kail-
road Company, eastern division, to so adjust
the latitude, if I may use that expression, of
Us line as 111 its judgment would best conduce
to its own interests, and connect with the Union
Pacific proper at any point west that it might
choose. That was thought to be, in 1866, a
discretion a little too unlimited, and therefore
when they came to us to get the time within
which they might do that extended, we declared
thai that point of connection should be limited
to within lil'ty miles of Denver, so as not to
give it an unlimited sweep across the whole
continent; and the act of 1864, in that con-
nection, in express terms declares that no
company should have any greater right to a
subsidy on account of that western extension
than tliey had by the original act of 1S62, which
expressly declared, as 1 have said, that the one
company should only have a subsidy to the
one hundredth meridian and the other, the one
before us, for one hundred miles.
Mr. HAKLAN. That the Senator may not
spend more time upon that point than is neces-
sary, 1 suggest to him that admitting his con-
struction ot the statute of 1862, from which he
is now reading, the members of tho Senate
who take ati adverse view to him contend that
the statute of 1864 remedied that difficulty.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am much obliged to
my friend from Iowa. It happens to Be the
statute of 1864 that did remedy the difficulty,
and it is that very statute that 1 have been
reading from. I have just been reading from
the ninth section of the act of July 2, 1864.
Mr. HARLAN. As it is recorded in the
volume which 1 have before me, it is the act
of July 1. 1862.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am reading from the
thirteenth volume of the Staiutes-at-Large.
The act from which I read at the commence-
ment of it is stated to have been passed on the
2d of July 1864, and at the end of it there is
the declaration in the usual way, "Approved
July 2, 1864.
Mr. HAUL AN. What page?
Mr. E1) M U N DS. Page 060; and the ninth
section is the one which 1 have been reading.
I agiee with my frieud from Iowa, that the act
of 1864 must be taken to have superseded the
act of 1H62 as far as it went, and it was for
that reason, not to take up his time unneces-
sarily, that 1 was endeavoring to have the Sen-
ate understand how clear and plain this lan-
guage of the ninth section of the act of 1864
is. If that company had not a discretion
before that time, but were by the act ot 1862
bound to go up the Republican river—if that
is the name ot it, and i believe everything is
Republican in Kansas, certainly its politics
;ire—then the act of 1864 removed that obliga-
tion and gave them discretion in express terms
to exercise their own judgment as to how and
where that line should go and strike the Union
Pacific west of the one hundredth meridian.
And there it stands in black and white, and no
amount of ingenuity of my friend from Iowa or
my friend from Michigan can wipe it out. It
does not need a lawyer to understand it. A man
who is accustomed to read his Bible can under-
stand what that ninth section means. There
is no contrivance of words that can possibly
be adopted which would make it more plain
than that makes it, that there was given to this
Eastern Division Company a discretion which
was only limited by its own judgment of what
its interest required, as to whether it should go
up the Republican or down some other river,
because in the language of that act that dis-
cretion was confidedeto it in terms; it was to
its judgment that the central branch and Con-
gress and everybody else was to submit. We
gave the central branch power to connect with
the road of that company, but to connect with
the road of that company as we had given it
the discretion to locate it, and not as the
wishes of the central branch might dictate its
location.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator from Ver-
mont allow me to interrupt him?
Mr. EDMUNDS. With the greatest pleas-
ure. I am only desirous to get at the truth.
Mr. HOWARD. Does the Senator from
Vermont hold that this discretion, about which
he says so much, contained in the ninth sec-
tion of the act of 1864 would authorize the
eastern division to take up its map and change
its location from time to time, notwithstand-
ing it may have filed its map formally and
legally, and fixed its location, thereby fixing
its rights. Did the discretion of which he
speaks authorize all this to be done even afrer
the lands were withdrawn from sale by the for-
mal order of the Secretary of the Interior ?
Certainly, it seems to me, he cannot carry the
idea of discretion so far as that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do, Mr. President, carry
it as far as that. We will say that under the
act of 1802 this company was required to build
on a particular line to a particular point, as it
was. Both these companies came to Congress
to get the act of 1864 passed to change that,
and they inserted the ninth section in order to
make a new provision as to this eastern divis-
ion for one, and what did they say? They said
that that company, so authorized, might con-
struct its line so as to connect with the Union
Pacific at a different point far to the west.
How could they connect at a different point
far to the west unless it could change its loca-
tion, if it had located a point of connection
at the one hundredth meridian, the eastern
terminus of the Union Pacific? It would either
have to locate further west to connect with it
at another point by running over the very line
of the Union Pacific and on its very track, or
else it would have to swing its line more to the
south at a point further east, would it not?
Therefore, if you take it for granted that at
the time of the passage of the act of 1864 the
Eastern Division Company had located its line
to the northwest with a view of striking the
Union Pacific at the particular point of^ its
termination on the one hundredth meridian,
, then you can put no other construction upon
!| this ninth section of the act of 1864 than to
|j give it a meaning which would confer an
j| authority upon the Eastern Division Company
]! to extend its line to some other and more
western point: and in order to do that it must
ij make use of those incidents which belong to
; such an extension, of course. My friend from
! Mieh'gan savs, "Suppose the lands had been
j withdrawn from market!' Could not Con-
! gress by this act permit them to be restored .'
jj Could they not remedy any injury received
|j from it? Most certainly it could. You must
!j give some force, you must give some effect to
i] the plain lat guage of this act; and when you
![ find—because it would really rather strengthen
1 the argument than otherwise—that tinder the
'■ act of 1862 the situation of the line of the east-
li ern division was not such as it desired it should
be; that it did not, at all events, wish to con-
nect, at the very terminal point of the Union
Pacific, but wished to have authority to swing
its line further to the westward to the neighbor-
hood of Denver, and see that that being the sit-
uation Congress speaks in the way that it does
I in this ninth section, I submit to any fair man
that you must give it a reasonable and fair
construction to enable thfe company to exercise
the authority that Congress had bestowed upon
it. If, therefore, there was a location, this
was a plain authority on the part of Congress
for it to change its location and connect at
another point, because the act of 186"2 says
that it shall connect at the one hundredth
meridian, and the act of 1864 says it need not
connect at tho one hundredth meridian, but
may connect at any point that, in its discretion,
it may deem best calculated to promote its
interests; and that was a wise and proper thing
when the subsidies were not increased. Why?
Because the men who were investing their
capital in that line, who were to control its
business, ought to be permitted to judge at
what point it would be most advisable to their
interests that they should connect. _
Let it be borne in mind that all this was done
with the knowledge and approbation of the
company that is now making this claim on our
bounty, and that in the same act we said to
that company, " While you may connect with
this other company that we are authorizing to
stretch westward to Denver, you shall connect,
inside of the one hundredth meridian, and yon
shall not have in  ny event more than one hun-
dred miles subsidy in bonds." In that state
of the case it seems to me to be trifling with
language to turn over to this sixteenth section
and say that under it the eastern division com-
pany has made a default, because it has not; it
lias done exactly what, tlie ninth section per-
mitted it to do ; and in doing that, of course,
unless you say that the statute is nonsense, that
the sections are contradictory, they cannot
have made default.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him one further question ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I want to see if I
understand the Senator's position correctly.
The act of 1862 required the southern line to
be so located as to enable this road to connect
with it at a point one hundred miles from the
Missouri river, or near that. Now, does the
Senator claim that the ninth section of the act
of 1864 relieves that road from the obligation
to make such a location as would permit that
connection?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, I do not claim either
way upon that. I claim that the act of 18G4
permitted the Union Pacific Railroad Company,
eastern division, to do exactly what it has done;
that is, to locate its line upon such a route as
best pleased it to reach Denver, and that it still
gave authority to the company now making
this claim to connect with it east of the one
hundredth meridian, if it is not for their
interest to connect with a line going to swing
so far to the south, they are not, hound to con-
nect with it. My friend seems to misunder^and
the situation of the question by supposing that
we were imposing an obligation in respect to
! this connection on either of these companies.
■ We gave one permission to build on a route of
its choice to Denver by the act of 1864 and the
ij act of 1866, and we gave the other permission
- to connect with that route anywhere east of
j the one hundredth meridian. This company
!! can connect with the line ot the eastern division
' now if it does go to Denver on the route it is
ij building. The trouble with this company is
II that it will not be so profitable to them to con-
i: nect with this southwestern bend as with a
!' northwestern bend as it supposes. _ _
j' Mr. HENDRICKS. This is the provision I
ij referred to in the question I submitted to the
j; Senator in the ninth section of the actof lso2:
!', "And said railroad through Kansas shall be so
I! located between tho mouihot tho Kansa-river.as
, nlores.iid. and the aforesaid pointi one ban
li dredth meridian of longitude, that the a8«ral rail
II roads from Missouri and Iowa, herein authorized to
