1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
128#
Mr. DRAKE. I am sorry the honorable
Senator l'rotn Illinois does not see it.
Mr. TliUMBULL. We were referred the
other day to the statute in regard to misprision
of treason, which provides tiiat—
If any person or persons having knowledge of
the commission of any of the treasons aforesaid
shall conceal, and not as soon as may be disclose,
make known * * ■* * "to the Presi-
dent; of the United States, or some one of tbejudges
thereof, or to the President or Governor of a par-
ticularstate, or some one of the judges or justices
thereof, such person or persons, on conviction, shall
be adjudged guilty of misprision of treason."
What is necessary to constitute the offense?
First, a knowledge of a treason committed.
W hen the $100 was given by Mr. Thomas
treason had not been committed by the son;
the boy proposed to go into the rebel lines,
but he had not yet gone, and it was months
afterward before he joined the rebels; so that
technically there was no misprision of treason
in not arresting the boy at the time. But upon
the theory that it is every man's duty to arrest
traitors every traitor should now be arrested,
tried, and executed for his treason. Does any-
body propose now—does the Senator from
Missouri propose—to bring to trial, condem-
nation, and execution every person engaged
in arms against this Government during the
last seven years?
Mr. FERRY. But .would the Senator admit
them into the Senate, although he would not
try and execute them?
Mr. TItUMBULL. Notatall; lam opposed
to admitting them. , Let my friend from Con-
necticut not be misled himself nor mislead me.
The question I am discussing is misprision of
treason. I am not for admitting anybody here
who was engaged in treason. That is not the
point. The point is made that you are to
exclude a man from the body who knew of a
treason and did not complain of the traitor.
That is the point; and I put it to my friend
from Connecticut, are you for keeping out of
this body every man who, knowing that a per-
son had committed treason, failed to go to the
President of the United States or to the courts
and make complaint of the traitor? If you
are you will have very few members here.
That is the point, and let us not be misled by
such a question as the Senator puts whether I
am for admitting traitors here. I answer that
I am not.
As I have said, it will not do to act upon
such a rule as that in the Senale that a party is
to be excluded from a seat because he has
known of the commission of treason, or has
known a party who has committed treason and
has not given notice thereof to the authorities.
I think the Senator from Connecticut, who put
that question to me, will hardly be willing to
lay that down as the rule.
Mr. FERRY. If the Senator will give way
for a moment I will explain what seems to me
to be the most difficult point in the case of Mr.
Thomas. In order to understand it we must
see the situation of affairs at the time when
this transaction took place. The young man
left his father's house on the 23d of Novem-
ber, 1863. The rebel lines were a few miles
south of the city of Washington, and the rebel
cavalry were raiding right under the walls of
Alexandria. Moreover, immediately on the
west of the national capital rebel cavalry raids
were taking place up to the Potomac and over
into the State of Maryland. This young man,
under his father's control and authority, against
the wishes but with the permission of his father,
left the father's house with intent to become a
recruit to the rebel army. He lurked for two
months within the American lines, all the while
entertaining that intent; and the father knew
that the young man was here in the city of
Washington, intending secretly to escape
through the American lines for the purpose
of becoming a recruit in the rebel army. No
affection for the son need have operated upon
the father's mind to prevent him from disclos-
ing this intent of his son to the Federal author-
ities He had but to come a few hours' journey
to the city of Washington and say to the pro-
vost marshal, '' I have a headstrong son that
is trying to escape through the Federal lines
and join the rebel army; I wish you would
arrest him and send him home or stop him in
this treasonable journey.'' Without harm to
the sou the act would have been done, and the
son have escaped junction with the rebel army.
And yet the father held back a knowledge of
this fact from the Federal authorities during
this whole period of two months, during which
he knew that this son was lurking along the
American lines endeavoring to escape through
them to become a rebel recruit.
Now, I say that such an act as that, whether
the father was a sympathizer with the rebellion
or not, and I take the very question put to me
the other day by the Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Fessendex,] and I say that if the Senator from
Illinois himself, within a few miles of the lines
of the two armies, had permitted his minor son
to lurk clos'e„by the American lines, seeking an
opportunity to escape through them, lurking,
moreover, according to the laws of war, as a
spy, he would have fallen within the statute
of misprision of treason, and upon his own
showing, and upon the showing of the Senator
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Buokalew] the other
day, would be unworthy of a place in this body;
for both Senators have admitted that if a crime
against the law of the land is fixed by the evi-
dence upon Mr. Thomas he ought not to be
permitted to take a seat among us. It is not
because Mr. /Thomas left the Cabinet of Mr.
Buchanan, it is not because Mr. Thomas gave
his son $100, but it is because, himself within
a few miles of the Federal lines, he knew for
two long months that his son was lurking in
those lines, seeking to escape through them
and join the rebel army, and failed to disclose
the fact to the Federal authorities, that I think,
as at present advised, he is not entitled to take
his seat among us.
Mr. TliUMBULL. Mr. President, each
Senator will, of course, act upon his own in-
dividual responsibility, and take his own view
of this case ; and it is only because I desired
to state the reasons for the vote which I ex-
pect to give, that I have occupied the time of
the Senate this morning. I should not have
done that, but that some of the remarks which
I made the other day, had, as I thought, been
rather severely criticised. Now, the Senator
from Connecticut attaches no importance to
the resignation which governs other Senators;
and he attaches no particular importance to
the giving of $100, which governs another class
of Senators; but he thinks that Mr. Thomas
was guilty of giving aid and comfort to the
rebellion by not notifying the authorities that
his son was seeking to go into the rebel lines,
and that therein, under the particular circum-
stances of this case, he was guilty of misprision
of treason.
I do not understand him to say that he would
exclude every one from this body who might
technically be guilty of misprision of treason
in not communicating to the authorities the
knowledge which he had that a person had
been guiity of treason, but under the circum-
stances of this case he would do it. Well, sir,
I have no fault to find with the position as-
sumed by the Senator from Connecticut; I
have no fault to find with the position assumed
by any Senator for his own guidance in this
matter; and as I have said, I have taken up
the time of the Senate this morning chiefly for
the purpose of explaining my own position, and
stating what I conceive to be the proper con-
clusion that the Senate should arrive at. I wish
to act in this ease, as I presume every other
Senator does, just as 1 would act in every
other case, to adopt a rule for our government
which we can apply to other eases.
When the Senator from Connecticut inter-
rupted me. I was commenting upon the point
that it would not do to lay it dpwn as a rule
that every person technically guilty of mispris-
ion of treason should be excluded from the
body. I do not know that the Senator from
Connecticut means to lay down any such rule,
but he applies his judgment to the particular
facts of this case. I should object, however,
to such a rule, and I .think we ought-to act
with some uniformity in. these cases. I. rer
ferred the other day to the case of Colonel
Stokes, who I know did good service in _tfce
UnionArmy. _ I know that he.turnedout.to.be
a patriotic citizen, and performed his wLtjoje
duty to his country after he 'joined- tb# U&ion
Army. But the fact stares us ia the face that
he wrote the letter from which .1 read an ex-
tract the other day. What does the Senator
from Indiana say about it? He makes no Ob-
jection to Mr. Stokes being received; he jus-
tifies that. Mr. Stokes wrote a letter in -which
he declared that he had enrolled himself as a "
volunteer to fight against the Government.
Mr. Thomas resigned his seat in Mr. Buchan-
an s Cabinet. Now, the Senator from Indian^
says " Come in Mr. Stokes ; you declared that
you had enrolled yourself as a volunteer with'
the enemies of the country ; you said the time
had come for fighting; you said that you ap:
proved the course of the rebel Governor Har-
ris, of Tennessee ; walk in, take the oath, and
swear that you never gave any aid or comfort,
countenance or support to the rebellion. But
you,^ Mr. Thomas, resigned your seat in the
Cabinet of Mr. Buchanan, and by that act you
gave aid and comfort to the enemy; you can:
not come in, and shall not take the oath; you
shall not'be admitted to your seat."
These are the cases. The fact that Mr.
Stokes afterward became loyal and true to the
country does not alter the case. What says
the statute ? It says that a person before being
admitted as a Senator or Representative shall
swear that he has given no aid, countenance,
counsel, or encouragement to rebel's in arms
against the Government. Was it giving no aid,
countenance, counsel, or encouragement to
rebels ,to enrol yourself as one of them? I
allude-to this not for the purpose of casting
any reflection upon Mr. Stokes, but for the
purpose of calling the attention of Senators to
the importance of acting with some uniformity
in regard to these cases. I come back as I
began, to the case of Mr. Thomas, and con-
clude what I have to say in regard to it by
stating that I regard it as a matter of fact to
be determined by the testimony, whether he
has given aid, countenance, or encouragement
to persons engaged in armed hostility to the
United Stales. The testimony shows that he
resigned his seat in the Cabinet because he
was not satisfactory to the moneyed men of the
country in the position of Secretary of the
Treasury. That is what he states ; that is the
testimony. Senators have said that was not
the reason ; they have said that he resigned
for some other reason. There is no evidence
of that, but they imagine it to be so. The
Senator from Michigan thinks that is so ; he
thinks that Mr. Thomas ought to have known
what was done in the Cabinet, and that he
ought not to have resigned, that it was giving
aid and comfort to the enemy to do so; and
he attributes his resignation for other reasons
than those he himself states.
The Senator from Connecticut does not
attach much importance to this: the Senator
from Nevada does not attach much importance
to this resignation ; but it is all important with
the Senator from Michigan, and it is all
important with the Senator from Indiana.
Now, sir, I take the testimony as it was before
the committee, and I see no evidence of his
having thrown up his office because he disap-
proved of the Brooklyn going to Charleston
harbor, or because he disapproved of the
course of Mr. Buehana.i in trying to .protect
the Government. He says he did the best he
could to sustain the credit of the country while
he was Secretary of the Treasury. The Sen-
ator from Michigan does not believe him.
Mr. HOWARD. I said nothing about that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. _ I understood the Sena-
tor to say that he resigned for different rea-
sons. Of course, then, he does not believe
Mr. Thomas. I may have confused the Sena-
tor from Michigan with one cf the other
Senators who spoke, perhaps with the Senator
from Vermont; but I understood him to say
