1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2269
every man is entitled in the condition in which
they now are; that the rewards of their labor
are barely sufficient to enable them to live;
that they have no means of educating their
children ; and that the social inequality which
would seem to be inseparable from their con-
dition is such that they can never hope to be
anything else than inferiors in tho estimation
of the white race. They desire, therefore, to
go to Liberia, where there is a republic, con-
sisting of members of their own race, firmly
established, recognized as a Government by
nearly all the nations of the world, and now
in a career of prosperity. I have reason to
believe that so far as they speak of that Gov-
ernment the facts justify their statements.
They have their schools and colleges which, in
point of usefulness, in point of science, com-
pare well with the best of those to be found
within the United States; and many of their
State papers which have fallen under my own
eye compare also very well with the best of
the State papers which have emanated from
the Government of the United States. It is
but natural that they should desire to be incor-
porated into a government of that description,
consisting of persons of the same race with
themselves, and it would have been much bet-
ter, I think, for the Government of the United
States in every respect, if it could have been
accomplished, that the emigration of these
persons should have been provided for years
ago; and by this time, by a comparatively
small appropriation, they might all have been
on the African shore, the land of their fathers,
and there contribute, and effectually contribute,
to the civilization of a country as fertile as any
country in the world, and thus to compensate
as much as possible for the rapine, the rob-
bery by which their ancestors were brought to
the United States. I move the reference of
the memorial to the Committee on Enreign
Relations. V'
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand that peti-
tions like the one of which I have just spoken
have been referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance ; and with the permission of the Chair,
therefore, I move the reference of the memo-
rial that I presented to that committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think you had better
let it stand as it is.
Mr. JOHNSON. They should all go to one
committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
referred to the Committee on Finance.
REPORTS or COMMITTEES.
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the petition of
the heirs and representatives of Miss Harriet
Pinkney, deceased, praying the restoration to
them of Pinkney Island, South Carolina, the
same having been confiscated, submitted a re-
port ; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Charles
E. Capehart, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 473) for the relief of Charles E.
Capehart. The bill was read and passed to a
second reading, and the report was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Captain Daniel
Ellis, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
(S. No. 474) for the relief of Captain Daniel
Ellis. The bill was read and passed to a sec-
ond reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred the joint resolution (S. R. No. 129)
donating certain captured ordnance for the com-
pletion of a monument to the memory of the
late Major General John Sedgwick, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. THAYER, from the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 295) for the relief of
Eliza Mascher, widow of John F. Mascher,
reported it with amendments.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 349) granting aid in the construction
of a railroad from the town of Vallejo to Hum-
boldt bay, in the State of California, reported
it with amendments.
_Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 462) making appropria-
tions for the expenses of the trial of the
impeachment of Andrew Johnson and other
contingent expenses of the Senate for the year
ending June 30, 1868, reported it with amend-
ments.
PRIVATE BILLS.
_ Mr. HOWE. There are quite a number of
bills pending before the Senate reported from
the Committee on Claims, and I am disposed
to ask the Senate either to allow me this after-
noon or to-morrow afternoon, or an evening,
this evening or to-morrow evening, as the Sen-
ate shall prefer, to consider those private bills.
Many of them are bills the passage of which
is very important to the parties interested.
The press of public business has been such as
to crowd them out from the consideration of
the Senate up to this time, and, unless the
Senate concede what I ask, it seems probable
that they will be crowdcd out of consideration
for a long while to come. I hardly know
whether to submit a motion for an afternoon
or an evening; but I am very anxious that the
Senate should accord me one or the other. I
will be content with either, whichever will best
accommodate the Senate. I suggest to-morrow
afternoon, with a view of getting at the sense
of the Senate, and I therefore move that to-
morrow, at one o'clock, be assigned for the
consideration of private bills.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. To-morrow I
shall want to pass an appropriation bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that to-morrow at one o'clock be assigned for
the consideration of private bills.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I want to say
to the Senator from Wisconsin that the Com-
mittee on Appropriations have instructed me
to reportadeflciency bill to-day which we ought
to pass, and, perhaps, we can pass it this morn-
ing. Otherwise, I shall be obliged to ask for
the consideration of that bill at the earliest
moment. It is a very small affair, containing
only two items. It would not occupy much
time anywhere. With the understanding that
I should have an opportunity to dispose of that
bill I do not know that I should object to the
Senator's motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. As many
as are in favor of the motion 
Mr. HENDRICKS. AVhat is the motion ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. To dedi-
cate to-morrow after one o'clock to the con-
sideration of private bills reported by the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not understand the
motion to be confined to bills from the Com-
mittee on Claims ; but if so, I shall vote against
it. I understand that the motion of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin is that the day shall be
given to private bills.
Mr. HOWE. Bills reported from the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I shall vote againstit.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that this motion
will not be adopted by the Senate. There is a
bill before the Senate which I am very anxious
to get up again for consideration, and to have
the Senate come to final action upon; and
that is the bill relating to the Central Branch
Pacific railroad, which has been up for con-
sideration several times. I am very anxious,
the moment an opportunity shall present itself,
to call it up again and take the final vote upon
it. I shall therefore move it at the first oppor-
tunity, though I do not foresee that I shall be
able to do so to-day on account of the pro-
tracted debate upon the naval appropriation
bill; but I hope no hour will be fixed for the
consideration of any other bill until that shall
he disposed of.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to ask my
friend whether he expects that the naval appro-
priation bill will occupy all day?
Mr. HOWARD. Judging from the past. I
should think it very likely that it might.
Mr. SUMNER. _ I hope that we shall be
able to pass both bills to-day.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator is not more
ardent in that hope than I am, surely; but
judging from the past I foresee that the most
of this day may be spent in the discussion of
the naval appropriation bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If it is in order,
I will move that to-morrow night at half past
seven o'clock be assigned instead of to-morrow
afternoon at one o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pre-
ceding motion is that to-morrow after one
o'clock be appropriated to the consideration
of the bills mentioned.
Mr. POMEROY. I suggest that it is hardly
worth while to make a special order in regard
to these bills. The Senator can give notice
that he intends to move to proceed to the con-
sideration of those bills at that time, and I
presume there will be no difficulty about it;
but making a special assignment by a vote
would be objectionable, although I think the
Senate would concede a willingness to proceed
with the consideration of private bills without
a vote.
Mr. CONNESS. What do I understand the
form of the motion to be now ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion of the Senator from Wisconsin is, that
to-morrow after one o'clock be devoted to the
consideration of private bills reported by the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. HOWE. " And the Committee on Pen-
sions," I ought to have added.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
will be modified in that way—the Committee
on Claims and the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CONNESS. I shall vote against that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Was not my
motion to amend in order? I moved to amend
by substituting half past seven o'clock in the
evening, instead of one o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN and others. Oh, no; do
not have an evening session.
Mr. POMEROY. I think we had better have
an evening session.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Well, Iwithdraw.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to amend by
striking out the two committees. I think pri-
vate claims that come from other committees
ought to have a chance also. I know one pri-
vate bill reported from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, only one, and I do not see why it is
notentitled to the same consideration as others.
I move, therefore, to amend the motion by
striking out the two committees, so as to have
it simply a resolution that to-morrow shall be
devoted to private claims.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Wisconsin accept that modifica-
tion?
Mr. HOWE. I cannot.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion, then, is on amending the motion by striking
out the Committee on Claims and the Com-
mittee on Pensions, so that the motion shall he
simply to devote to-morrow to the considera-
tion of private bills. ^
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT^ro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Wisconsin, that to-morrow after the morning
hour be devoted to the consideration of private
bills from the Committee on Claims and the
Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to; ayes twenty-
eight, noes not counted.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
now procced to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 260. It is a bill that has been read, and
that will, I think, lead to no discussion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That bill will leacl to
discussion, I shall discuss it.
