202
SUPPLEMENT TO
Grim.es, Hendricks, Johnson, McCreery, Morrill of
Maine, Morgan, Norton, Patterson of New Hamp-
shire, Patterson of Tennessee, Ross, Saulsbury, Sher-
man, Sprague, Sumner, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
Vickers, and Willey—27.
NAYS—Messrs.l^ameron, Cattell, Chandler, Conk
ling, Conness, Cragin, Drake, Edmunds, Ferry, Har-
lan, Howard, Howe, Morgap, Morrill of Vermont,
Nye, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Stewart, Thayer, Tipton,
Williams, Wilson, and Yates—23.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Cole, Corbett, Henderson,
and Wade—i.
So the Senate decided the question to be
admissible.
Mr. CURTIS, (to the witness.) State now,
Mr. Cox, what you did in order to obtain a
writ of habeas corpus, pursuant to the instruction
of the President ?
Answer. When the chief justice announced
that he would proceed as an examining judge
to investigate the case of General Thomas, and
not as holding court, our first application to
him was to adjourn the investigation into the
criminal court then in session, in order to have
the action of that court. After some little dis-
cussion this request was refused. Our next
effort was to have General Thomas committed
to prison, in order that we might appty to that
court for a habeas corpus, and upon his being
remanded by that court, if that should be done,
we might follow up the application by one to
the Supreme Court of the United States; but
the counsel who represented the Government,
Messrs. Carpenter and Riddle, applied to the
judge then for a postponement of the exam-
ination 
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Stop a moment.
Does this also include what was done by the
other people there ?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. It is an account
of the general transaction, as the ChicfJustiee
conceives, and comes within the rule. The
witness will proceed.
The Witness. The chief justice having
indicated an intention to postpone the exam-
ination, we directed General Thomas to de-
cline giving any bail for further appearance and
to surrender himself into custody, and an-
nounce to the judge that he was in custody,
and then presented to the criminal court an
application for a writ of habeas corpus. The
counsel on the other side objected that Gen-
eral Thomas could not put himself into cus-
tody, and they did not desire that he should
be detained in custody. The chief judge
also declared that he would not restrain G.m
oral Thomas of his liberty and would not hold
him or allow him to be held in custody. Sup-
posing that he must either be committed or
finally discharged, we then claimed that he be
discharged, not supposing that the counsel on
the other side would consent to it, and sup-
posing that would bring about his commitment,
and that we should then have an opportunity
of _ getting a habeas corpus. They made no
objection, however, to his final discharge, and
accordingly the chief justice did discharge
hiin. Immediately after that I went, in com-
pany with the counsel whom he had employed,
Mr. Merrick, to the President's House, and
reported our proceedings and the result to the
President. He then urged us to proceed 
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Stay a moment.
Shall we have another interview with the Pres-
ident put in, Mr President?
The CHIEF JUSTICE, (to the witness.)
What date was this?
Hie Witxers. ^ On the 2Gtli, immediately
after the proceeding before the judge.
Mr. CURTIS. We propose to show that,
having made his report to the President of the
failure of this attempt, he then received from
the President other instructions upon this sub-
ject to follow up the attempt in another way.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. Do I under-
stand—I ask for information of the counsel—
that this interview with the President was on
the 20th ?
The Witxess. It was.
Mr. Manager BINGIIAJI. Two days after
he was impeached by the House of Representa-
tives ?
Mr. CURTIS. Yes.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. Two days after
he was presented here ?
Mr. CURTIS. Yes.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. And you are
asking for the President's declarations after
he was arraigned here for this crime to prove
his innocence? We ask the vote of the Senate
on it.
Mr. CURTIS. We do not ask for declara-
tions, Mr. Manager ; we ask for acts.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. Acts consisting
in words two days after his arraignment at this
bar. _We ask the vote of the Senate on the
question.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, I ask for the
vote of the Senate on this question.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
thinks this evidence incompetent. The declar-
ations of parties  
Mr. EVARTS. Mr. Chief Justice, will you
allow us to say a word?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Certainly.
Mr. EVARTS. If it is to turn on that
point, which has not been discussed in imme-
diate reference to this question, we desire to
be heard. The offer which the Chief Justice
and Senators will remember was read, and
upon which the vote of the Senate was taken
for admission, included the elforts to have a
habeas corpus proceeding taken, and also the
efforts to have a quo warranto. The reasons
why, and the time at which, and the circum-
stances under which the habeas corpus effort
was made, and its termination, have been given.
Thereupon the efforts were attempted at the
quo warranto. It is in reference to that that
the President gave these instructions. We
suppose it is covered by the ruling already
made.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. A single word,
sir. The witness has informed the court that
it was not done before because such a proceed-
ing could not bo brought to a decision under a
year. The President was going to be impeached
in the course of ten or littcen days, and so he
started a proceeding, if we are to believe this
offer, which was to have a conclusion a year
hence!
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
may have misapprehended the intention of the
Senate ; but he understands their ruling to be
in substance this: that acts in rcspcct to the
attempt and intention of the President to ob-
tain a legal decision, commencing on the 22d
of February, may be pursued to the legitimate
termination of that particular transaction; and,
therefore, the Senate has ruled that Mr. Cox,
the witness, may go on and testify until that
particular transaction came to a close. Now,
the offer is to prove conversations with the
President after the termination of that effort
in the supreme court of the District of Colum-
bia. The Chief Justice docs not think that is
within the intent of the previous ruling; but he
will submit the question to the Senate. Senators,
you who are of the opinion that this testimony
should be received will please say "aythose
of the contrary opinion, "no.': [Putting the
question.] The question is determined in the
negative. The evidence is not received.
Mr. CURTIS, (to the witness.) Mr. Cox,
after you had reported to the President in the
manner you have already stated, did you take
any further step, did you do any further act in
reference to raising the question of the consti-
tutionality of the tenure-of-office act?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Wait. If what
the President did himself, after he was im-
peached, after the 2Gth of February, cannot be
given in evidence, I do not see that what his
counsel did for him maybe. That is only one
step further.
Mr. EVARTS. We may at least be allowed
to put the question, Mr. Chief Justice.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. The question was
put and I objected to it.
Mr. EVARTS. It has not been reduced to
writing.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The counsel for
the President will reduce their question to
writing.
■ The question having been reduced to writing
was read by the Secretary, as follows:
After you had reported to the President the result
of youreffortsto obtain a writ of habeas corpus, did
you do any act in pursuance of the original instruc-
tions you had received from the President on Satur-
day, to test the right of Mr. Stanton to continue in
the office; and if so, state what the acts were ?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
thinks that this question is inadmissable within
the last vote of the Senate; but will put the
question to the Senate if any Senator desires it.
Mr. DOOLITTLB. Mr. Chief Justice, I
should like to have that question put to the
Senate; I think it a different one-  
The CHIEF JUSTICE. No debate is al-
lowable. Does the Senator desire the vote of
the Senate on the question ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question will
be read again.
The Secretary read the last question put by
the counsel for the respondent.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, I should like to
have the fifth article read.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The article of the
impeachment, the reading of which is called
for by the Senator from Ohio, will be read.
The Secretary read article live, as follows:
"Thatsaid Andrew Johnson,President of the Uni-
ted States, unmindful of the high duties of his office
and of his oath of office, on the 21st day of February,
in tho year of our Lord ISoS, and on divers other days
and times in said year, beforo tho 2d day of March,
in the year of our Lord 1868, at Washington, in the
District of Columbia, did unlawfully conspire with
ono Lorenzo Thomas, and with other persons to tho
House of Representatives unknown, to prevent and
hinder the execution of an act entitled 'An act regu-
lating the tenure of certain civil office?,' passed
March 2, 1867, and in pursuance of said conspiracy
did unlawfully attempt to prevent Edwin M. Stanton,
then and there being Secretary for tho Department
of War, duly appointed and commissioned under tho
laws of tho United States from holding said office,
whereby tho sa,d Andrew Johnson, President of tho
United States, did then and there commit and was
guilty of a high misdemeanor in office."
The CHIEF J USTICE. The Chief Justice
will inquire of the counsel for the President
whether they understand the question to be
applicable to that article ?
Mr. EVARTS. We certainly do.
_ The CHIEF J USTICE. Is it asked with a
view to obtain evidence bearing upon that
article of the impeachment?
Mr. EVARTS. Yes, any article whatever
that indicates as part of his intent or within
any time alleged to be with an unlawful purpose;
wo propose to show the lawful and peaceful
purpose.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, if proper I
should like to have the first question addressed
to the witness on tho stand read again.
The CHIEF J USTICE. The question upon
which the ruling has just taken place ?
Mr. HOWE. No, the offer to prove. I
should like to have that read again.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The offer which,
was made by the counsel, and which the Sen- •
ate admitted, will be read by the Secretary.
The Secretary read as follows:
Wo offer to prove that Mr. Cox was employed pro-
fessionally by the President in tho presence of (gen-
eral Thomas, to take such legal proceedings m tho
case that had been commenced against General
Thomas as would bo effectual to raise judicially the
question ofJYIr. Stanton's legal right to continue to
hold the office of Secretary for the Department of
War against the authority of the President, and aho
in reference to obtaining a writ of quo tcarranto for
the same purpose, and we shall expect to follow up
this proof by evidence of what was done by the wit-
ness in pursuance of tile above employment.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The discussion and
the ruling of the Chief Justice in respect to that
question was in reference to the first aiticle
of the impeachment. Nothing had been said
about the fifth article in the discussion, so far
as the Chief Justice recollects. The question
is now asked with reference to the fifth article
and the intent alleged in that article to con-
spire. The Chief Justice thinks it is admissi-
ble with that view under the ruling upon tho
first offer. He will, however, put the question
to the Senate if any Senator desires it.
Mr. CONNESS. The vote of the Senate is
asked.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator from
