2260
dischs^? T? Very well> llien  ,etus
discuss it now. It is a very important bill to
tne commerce of the Northwest.
atorIm H P- pro iemP°>'e- The Sen-
ill wru ao ,moves t0 take  p the -bill
i™ I. l ' regulate the foreign and coast-
nol-twft °" e u.orthe"b northeastern, and
an5 fm «Hm °nh0rS 0f the Uuited States,
ana lor other purposes.
nnMr" f®SSB:NL>EN. X hope that bill will
not be taken up,
Mr. EDiiUNDS. The morning business is
not through yet.
•a tfr" WPLEB. The morning business
is through, I think.
Mr. LESSENDEN. It is abill to which the
-treasury Department is very much opposed.
i have letters and statements from them which
1 must submit to the Senate. It is a bill that
ma,ies a very important change ill the Revenue
laws, and, m my judgment, it ought not to pass
in its present shape. Perhaps something ought
to be done; but in the half hour that is now left
Between this time and the time when the special
thisbill COme UP ^ w'" imPOSsible'to pass
Mr. CHANDLER. I shall ask, then, that
it be continued until it is passed. It is,' per-
haps, one of the most important bills to the
commerce of the Northwest that have been pre-
sented here m a long time, and I do not think
it will lead to much discussion, I shall be very
"a?oy to hear anything ihe Senator from Maine
may have to say m opposition to it. Although
the clerk^ in the Treasury Department who
writes opinions for that Department is not
very much in its favor, I have found upon ex-
amniat'on °t him that lie knew nothing about
it. the Committee on Commerce was unani-
mous, after a thorough investigation of several
weeks, m recommending the passage of the
Mr. FESSENDEN. That may be so : but
I .iave understood from one member of the
Committee on Commerce that lie did not
know anything about it.
Mr. CHANDLER. All who were present
when it was considered were in favor of it
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think, from the char-
acter of the bill, it could not have been much
considered. It changes entirely the whole
system of trade upon the lakes. It affects the
revenue very much, and decreases the revenue
considerably, and makes an entirely different
system from that which prevails in other parts
of the country. Whether Congress is prepared
to adopt it or not I do not know. I knew
nothing about it at the time the till was first
piesentcd here, but I have taken pains to in-
quire since. I inquired of the honorable Sen-
ator when he presented it if it had been sub-
mitted to the Treasury Department, and he
said it had been; but he did not inform the
Senate m his reply that the Treasury Depart-
ment was very much opposed to it, and had
written to him a letter disapproving of it, which
lirVe^rrCAew?re^ned to be the fact-
if cj f ? j sll0llld llave stated it
m . m? the question.
Mr' PR A NT)T Mif i,dlCl aslt tile question,
■t i i .HANDLER. Ihe Senator asked if
it had been submitted to the Department, and
I said it had been.
tw ti 1".'®SS??r)EN"- But it was not stated
that their opinion was unfavorable.
Mr. CI-IANDLEU. I know it was so ; but
r i ij •mUSt 'nsis,t on ^ Passage of the bill.
1 hold in my nand a communication signed by
most of the shippers of the Northwest recom-
mending it. It has been very thoroughly
examined, and I know of no opposition to it
except from a few custom-house officers, who
think their fees may be reduced, and the Sen-
ator from Maine. [ think I can satisfy the
Senator from Maine that his objections are not
well taken; and as for the custom-house offi-
cers, if the commerce of the country is to be
hampered for their benefit, it may as well be
known now as at any future time. It will not
materially affect their fees generally, but in
some cases it will out them off. It is really a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
bill of very great interest to the shipping inter-
| esfs of the Northwest. The ships are now
coming out; navigation will be open within a
week or ten days, and they are very anxious
that this hill shall be passed now. so that they
may begin the season under it. It is a subject
with which I am perfectly familiar, and I shall
be very happy to give the Senator any inform-
ation he may desire. I ask that the bill be
taken up.
Mr. I'ESSKNDEN. 1 am not a member of
the Committee on Commerce, but I had the
impression that the lees received were paid
into the public Treasury, and did not goto the
custom-house officers; that they are paid by a
salary.
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes; but the collector
has^a contingent interest in the fees up to the
limit ol his salary. I'he salaries of some of
these officers, for example, are fixed at SI,000
a year, and they luive a contingent interest in
the fees up to $2,500, and after that they have
no interest, home of those collectors are afraid
that if this hill be passed their contingent in-
terest may not reach the full amount they are
entitled by law to receive. J do not, think it
will affect more than one or two in that way,
and then all that is cut off will be from a few
steamboats that now pay enormously.
Mr. b EbSENDEN. The Senator assumes
that the opposition comes from the custom-
house officers. I have not heard of that. The
opposition I referred to is the opinion of the
officers of the Treasury Department with ref-
erence to the effect on the revenue. I do not
know that there are any remonstrances here
against it; 1 have not heard of any.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have seen some from
,S ■J-rt;ufc"ry 'hut came from custom-house
olhcers. I lie whole opposition at the Treasury
comes from custom-house officers.
Mr. bEbSENDEN. 'The custom-house offi-
cers undoubtedly in this ease, as in all such
cases, are consulted as to the operation of the
measure in their line ; but that they have any
pecuniary interest in the matter I am not
aware.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will inform the Sen-
ator that the committee have taken the opinion
of several custom-house officers and custom-
house agents as to the effect of the bill; and
all, with two or^ three exceptions, where they
are. afraid their fees will be cut off, are in favor
m1]" 1 ll0Pe t,le 1vi11 ,;>e token up.
Ihe PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Michigan, to take up the bill named by him.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 was not aware that we
had yet gone through with the morning busi-
ness.
Mr. CHANDLER. I supposed we had.
JJr' £\^f^0NY. If so, I have no objection.
r,},1'' 1 desire to make a report.
Ihe PRESIDENT pro tempore. Reports
are m order.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask that the amendment
reported by the committee be read.
The PRESIDENT -pro tempore. It will be
read if there be no objection.
The Secretary read the amendment reported
by the Committee on the District of Columbia,
which was to strike out all after the enactiug
clause of the bill and insert:
That the chief justice of the supreme court of the
District of Columbia be, and ho ia hereby, author-
ized and required to appoint a suitable person to act
as register of deeds ii; said District whenever a va-
cancy may exist in said office, who shall perform the
duties of register and receive the legal fees therefor
until a register shall be appointed and qualified as
now provided by law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the bill must lie over.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. TRUMBULL submitted an amendment
to be proposed by the Committee on the Judi-
ciary to the bill (H. R. No. 005) making ap-
propriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1809 ; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations
under the rules.
widows' pexstoms.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be di-
rected to inquire into the expediency of so amending
the pension laws that the marriage of a deceased sol-
dier s widow shall no longer work a foifeiture of her
pension. S
washington city charter.
DISTRICT REGISTER OF DEEDS.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 453) supplementary to the act
, entitled •' An act to establish the office of
j register of deeds fortheDistrictof Columbia,"
i approved February 14, 18G3, have instructed
I me to report it back with an amendment, and
i Jjoaskthat it be taken up now for consideration,
j I here is a vacancy in the office, occasioned by
| the doath of the incumbent.
; ThePR13SIDENTpro#e ^>or«. The motion
to take up the bill is not in order, under the
present rules, until the morning business is
through with.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask unanimous consent
to take it up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can be
done by unanimous consent. Is there anv
objection? •>
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want to hear it read
before I know whether to object or not If it
merely provides for one register of deeds I
shall not object; but if it is a gsner&Lschpmp
I must, ask that it be printed.
_Mi': HARLAN. The Committee on the
District of Columbia have instructed me to
relation to the extension of the
chiller ojfthe city of Washington; and I think
it ou3tlrto bo taken up and acted on at once.
(S- No. 4/5) to extend the charter
of Washington city was read twice by its title.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask leave to make a state-
ment^ relation to this bill. The charter of
the city Will expire in May. The annual elec-
tion will occur in June. The voters of the city
haveto be registered in advance of the annual
election. It is somewhat important, therefore,
that the charter be extended now, at least tem-
porarily.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How long do you pro-
pose to extend it?
Mr. HARLAN. One year. I ask unani-
mous consent of the Senate to consider the
bill at this time.
By unanimous consent the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to continue in force for one year from
Its passage the act to continue, alter, and
amend the charter of the city of Washington
approved May 17, 1848, and the several amend-
ments thereof now m force, or until Congress
shall by law determine otherwise.
j1. SUMNER. I have in my hands a bill
which has already passed the House of Rep-
resentatives, and which has been carefullv con-
sidered by the Committee on the District of
Columbia of the Senate, which wns reported
by myself by their direction some time iZ T
have tried to bring it before th
1,1 ! ? 14 ls very lmportant that it should
be acted on now. It mav be treated t i -
piement to the bill beibra the Sei^e
with my friend from Iowa in exp,t,in " mv
a*7 8aomi°of K they ™
ww0hiholdHzt rbTodied in the
the Chair andir^o- !10w sonli t0
pending^ bill. UaS atl ameil(lm<?nt to the
 5o adl to 7e bUHhVr3n-Jmout' -whWl
sections; the following additional
of the m,yVSW^inS,'«?
