THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
July 21,
now to move to lay ujion the table without a
word of reply, it is a trick.
Mr. HAND ALL. A sneak.
Mr. BROOKS. X aid not say it was a sneak.
I t-'aid it was a trick for the gentleman to avail
himself of the opportunity at the very last
moment to prepare a written speech and lay
down certain allegations, and then move to lay
on the table tlie motion to reconsider, giving
nobody a chance to reply.
Mr. SPALDING. I call the gentleman to
order. Debate is out of order.
Mr. WASHBUENE, of Illinois. I_gave
merely facts and figures entirely appropriate to
the report I made.
Mr. BROOKS. I cannot see how the
remarks were appropriate.
Mr. RANDALL. If I were to express my
opinion, I would say I consider this as the most
profligate Congress that ever sat.
[Cries of " Order!"]
The question being put on laying on the
table the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the House agreed to the report of the
committee of conference, there were—ayes 5-i,
noes 13 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wash-
burns, of Illinois, and Uaxdau. were ap-
pointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported—
ayes seventy-two, noes not counted.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
I,HAVE TO PRINT REMARKS.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky, asked and
obtained leave to print a speech intended to bo
delivered in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BURLEIGH asked and obtained leave
to print some remarks on the subject of our
Indian relations. [For these speeches see
Appendix.]
FUNDING BILL AGAIN.
The House resumed the consideration of the
funding bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield five minutes to the
gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr. Ben-
ton.]
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I shall be glad
to have a moment to present a few tacts con-
nected with or illustrative of this subject. I
know I cannot have time now to present my
views as fully as i could desire, and 1 will only
say a few words.
Mr. BENTON. I will yield a moment.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. It is perfectly
well understood that we must either provide
for the payment of the public debt within the
time limited in, and according to the terms of
the existing bonds or we must extend the pay-
ment over a still greater period of time. Nearly
the whole debt is payable within sixteen years.
To pay this in the time limited would require
us to raise by taxation $100,000,000 a year
applicable to the principal of the debt, and this
is a sum which the people cannot endure.
Now, sir, for the purpose of showing the expe-
diency of extending the time of payment beyond
that now provided, I have prepared a table
showing the population and wealth of the Uni-
ted States from 1790 up to 1860, with an esti-
mate of the wealth and population for the
years 1870 and 1900 based on the ratio of in-
crease that existed from 1790 to 1800.
Assuming that the public debt now is, and in
1870 will continue to be, $2,600,000,000, this
table shows that the debt will then be $G0 4G
per capita of all the population, and to pay it
would require one dollar out of every fourteen
dollars of all the wealth of the country. But
if the payment is deferred to the year 1900 the
debt per capita, will only be twenty-six dollars,
and it will only take one dollar out of every
$150 15 of the wealth of the country to pay it.
The facts disclosed by this table, it seems to
me, sufficiently demonstrate the expediency of
extending the time of payment, to a period
when our wealth and population shall have so
increased as that the debt willconstitute but
an insignificant charge upon either. At the
game time it seems to me it is better that the
debt shall fall due at different periods during
the next forty years, so that it may be within
the control of legislation either for gradual
payment or for the purpose of securing better
terms if the financial condition of the country
shall admit of it. I am aware that I have no
time now to present my views at any length.
I therefore content myself with saying that I
am opposed to the third, fourth, and fifth sec-
tions of the substitute offered by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Boutwei.l,] pro-
viding a sinking fuud m the form therein au-
thorized. I cannot say that either the original
bill or the substitute contains the plan of fund-
ing which I would prefer, but it may be better
to adopt one or the other of these rather than
fail in getting any. They contemplate a re-
duction of the rate of interest paid by the peo-
ple, and this is an object of no small conse-
quence. Gentlemen who oppose all schemes
of funding have failed to present any practi-
cable plan for the management of the public
debt which will relieve the people, and in the
abseuce of any better scheme we should adopt
the best which is attainable. The table is as
follows:
8-JS
Decados.
•£'pi Cc op  o
o O V i "x> U*. O
Ci/l —
C
OCX"-4*-*
Stiiggi
®CT>CT>~T J
lncroaso por cent,
of population. .
is-0*0 "a
« ® •o jo
3§2.B'ls-
■§S!.g-§S
Increase per cent,
of valuation.
Liability per capita
ior pubiiu dobt of
$2,000,000,000.
&fg>
cTi" TS
S3--
t   2 a
: — h <
p
V?
a
s
tA
a
Mr. BENTON. Mr. Speaker, the subject
under consideration has already, it seems to
me, taken a very wide range, and although the
questions that have been raised on the other
side of the House may not be considered as
irrelevant to the question now before us, in my
judgment it can hardly be considered good
policy for us to be raising questions upon
which we are divided, upon which all parties
are divided in this House, as to how we can
pay the debt which we owe at the cheapest
rate, when we are about to issue our bonds, or
when we are discussing a measure proposing
to issue bonds at a very lojrrate of interest for
the purpose of obtaining a consolidation of the
public debt. I do not agree that it is good
policy to extend our debt because of the increas-
ing population of the country and its increasing
ratio of resources. As all will admit, the pros-
perity and increase of population and resources
of this country have been almost without pre-
cedent in the history of nations, and we may
expect that there will be a corresponding
increase for the future. But though that may
be assumed as reasonable, still I apprehend it
is not a wise policy for us to remain^ in debt
one single year or day longer than it is neces-
sary. 1 think it is the true policy of a_ nation
as it is of an individual, to discharge its indebt-
edness as soon as it may reasonably do so, and
for that reason I favor the issue of bonds com-
ing due at different periods. It seems to nie
that all or almost entirely all of our indebted-
ness might be discharged within the period of
forty years specified in the bill reported by the
Committee of Ways and Means, without bur-
dening our people.
But I wish to allude to the very remarkable
argument addressed to the House by the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldridge.] He
took the position that the Government should
enlist in the business of redeeming bank issues,
and that the greenbacks that had been issued
for that purpose should be transferred from the
banks and used for the purpose of discharging
bonds. What further? He took the remark-
able position that the actauthorizing t.be issue
of legal-tender notes was unconstitutional,
null, and void, and he stood up here before
this House and asserted that he would pay off
the indebtedness of the nation in a similar
issue in the future. I should like to know
what sort of an accommodating conscience the
gentleman must have if he can work round in
favor and support of an act which he declares
here in his place to be unconstitutional, null,
and void. It seems to me a curious kind of
logic and law.
[Hero the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Soiienck] has now fourteen minutes re-
maining.
Mr. SCIIENCK. In that very brief time I
propose to submit a remark or two to the
House.
Mr. IiOSS. If the gentleman could squeeze
in five minutes for me, I should like it very
well.
Mr. SCHENCIC. It is impossible. I have
given away nearly all my time.
I have already adverted to the leading dis-
tinctions between the bill presented by the
Committee of Ways and Means, modified after-
ward by the Committee of the Whole, and the
substitute offered by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. BoufwEi.L.] I have nothing
that I need add to what I said in regard to the
advantage of a consolidation in a long bond at
a low rate of interest. But it has been objected
that there will be great inconvenience in hav-
ing it consolidated into a form of public secur-
ities, which will fall due all at the same time.
So that I have only to reply that it gives me
no apprehension whatever; if we can establish
our credit so as to be able to borrow at three
or four per cent, money at forty years, we give
such character of permanency to the invest-
ment, it will be so sought for purposes of
settlement in the future, both at home and
abroad, that I do not' think we shall have any
difficulty a,s the time approaches when the forty
years expire in getting whatever continuation
of credit the United States may at the time
seem to need. The truth is, as every one can
readily understand, that a debt thus contracted,
thus invested, instead of being one that the
holders will be desirous to collect when the
bonds fall due, will be more apt in the
form which it will then assume, and constitut-
ing the kind of security which it will, to be
desired by the holders themselves to be kept
afloat, and they will in fact have more anxiety
