1236
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1%
that Mr. Thomas threw np his commission
because he could not agree with the measures
the President was taking to sustain the Gov-
ernment. If the Senator from.Michigan did
not assume that position some other Senator
did.
Mr. HOWARD. What I said, Mr. Presi-
dent, was very brief and was this: that he re-
signed because he #as unwilling to carry on a
War against the rebellion. That is what I said.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He states that that was
not the reason.
Mr.' DRAKE. Will the honorable Senator
from Illinois allow a word of interruption here?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. DRAKE. The honorable Senator
seems to assume that all other assignment of
.reasons for the resignation of Mr. Thomas
than that which he assigned verbally before
the committee is imaginary; that there is no
foundation for it. As the Senator said he was
about to conclude his remarks, I would be glad
if, before he concludes them, he would give
Borne little attention to an explanation of the
reasons assigned by Mr. Thomas in his letter
of resignation, dated the 11th of January,
1861, as well as to his declarations made be-
fore the committee in 1867, more than six
years afterward. I call the honorable Sena-
tor's attention to the terms of that resignation
as contained in the letter which is printed on
page 54 of the report of the committee. And
with the honorable Senator's permission I
will read to the Senate the first sentence of
that letter of resignation.
"It has not been in mj; power, as you are aware,
to agree with you and with a majority of your con-
stitutional advisors in the measures which nave been
adopted in reference to the present condition of
things in South Carolina."
That is one clause of the sentence; he can-
not agree with the President and the rest of
his constitutional advisers as to the measures
which have been adopted in reference to the
then condition of things ia South Carolina,
and those measures were adopted after acts of
war had been committed by South Carolina
and in other quarters. And then he goes on
to say an entirely different thing:
"Nor do I think it at all probable that I shall bo
able to concur in the views which you entertain, so
far as I understand them, touehing the authority,
under existing laws, to enforce the collection of the
customs at the port of Charleston."
Two reasons are assigned in his letter of res-
ignation for tendering it; one of them cover-
ing the whole ground of the actually existing
war in South Carolina, the other covering
merely the ground of the collection of rev-
enue ; and for these reasons he resigns; not
for the reasons stated by him six years after-
ward before the committee in defense of his
resignation and in order to enable him to get
a seat in this body. Sir, I would" be glad if
the astute Senator from Illinois would show us
how it isthat he gives all the effect he does to
the mere talk of this man before the commit-
tee in 1867 and utterly ignores the reasons as-
signed in writing by him for hia resignation in
1861.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I should
like to be permitted to ask the Senator from
Missouri if he approved of the measures which
were adopted by President Buchanan in refer-
ence to the "present condition of things in
South Carolina."
Mr. DRAKE. I certainly approved of the
attempt to relieve Fort Sumter by sending
food for its soldiers, and it was in that attempt
made by Mr. Buchanan's administration, be-
fore Mr. Thomas's resignation, if I remember
aright, that the Star of the West was fired upon.
Am I not right?
Mr. HOWARD. You are right. That was
on the 9th of January, 4861.
Mr. DRAKE. On the 9th day of January,
forty-eight hours before he resigned, the flag
of the United States was fired upon by the
rebels there. That attempt to relieve that fort
was a measure which the loyal men of the
whole country approved, and the whole coun-
try was only restrained by considerations of
prudence from immediately making war upon
the rebels that then dared to fire upon that
flag. But, sir, with the sound of that gun fired
upon the rebel side still rolling over the land,
and when the least exhibition of weakness or
disorder in the Administration would necessa-
rily inspirit the rebellion, Mr. Thomas, unable
to approve the measures taken by that Pres-
ident to relieve the condition of things at
Charleston and in South Carolina, throws up
his commission before the whole country, and
thereby signified to the rebels that he, at least,
would have nothing to do with any such meas-
ures.
And if the Senator from Illinois will allow
me one word more—I beg his pardon for in-
terrupting him—let us look at the position of
things that he spoke of "just now with regard
to the resignation of Mr. Thomas. He spoke
of the thrill of joy that went through the coun-
try when he resigned and John A. Dix was
appointed, and gave that memorable order to
the revenue officer at New Orleans, that if any
man undertook to haul down the flag of his
country he should be shot down on the spot.
I will ask the Senator from Illinois why it was
that the country felt as it did if it were not
that when Mr. Thomas resigned it was known
that one unfriendly to the country had left the
seat of its money power and one friendly to it
had taken the keys of the Treasury. Ah, the
gentleman turns upon us and asks: did he
under those circumstances give aid and com-
fort to the enemy? Yes, sir: he did give aid
and comfort to the enemy. How? By refus-
ing to manage the finances of the nation to
put down their rebellion; and he gave aid and
comfort to the loyal men of the country, too,
by getting out of the way and giving the keys
of the Treasury into the hands of a loyal man,
who would order a revenue officer to shoot
down any man that undertook to pull down
the American flag. This is the way that his
resignation gave aid and comfort in both direc-
tions ; and in both cases it was because of his
disloyalty, his known disloyalty, known North
and known South. He comforted the rebels
in the South by refusing to help the Govern-
ment against them, and comforted the loyal
men of the North by getting out of the way and
giving the Treasury into the hands of a loyal
man.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, it has
taken my friend a long time to reply to my
question.
Mr. DRAKE. There was a great deal in
the question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems so ; the answer
is somewhat longer than the question. My
question was whether the Senator from Mis-
souri approved of the measures adopted by
the then Administration, and he goes off into
a very eloquent speech to assure us that he
approved of one thing. He had just before
said that in the first part of this letter of res-
ignation Mr. Thomas spoke generally of the
measures of the Administration. Now, what
right has the Senator from Missouri to say that
he did not approve of the same measure that
the Senator did?
Mr. DRAKE. What measure?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The one that you have
been eulogizing so much—the effort to relieve
Fort Sumter.
Mr. DRAKE. Just because he went out of
the Cabinet forty-eight hours afterward.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Butthatdoes not show
that he did not approve of it. He may have
been like the Senator from Missouri, who, I
know, disapproved of a good many acts at that
time. Would you have allowed a garrison to
be cooped up in Sumter? Would you have
made a treaty with the rebel commissioners
from South Carolina that Sumter should not be
reenforced, as President Buchanan did ? Did
you approve it ?
Mr. DRAKE. When did he do that?
Mr. TRUMBULL. He did it about that
time.
Mr, DRAKE. Suppose he did?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Did you approve it?
Mr. DRAKE. No, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then you did not ap-
prove the measures of Miv. Buchanan. I did
not approve them.
Mr. DRAKE. Does the Senator call that
a measure for the suppression of rebellion ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is not the language
of the letter. The letter says:
"It has not been in my power, you are aware,
to agree with you and with a majority of your con-
stitutional advisers in the measures which have been
adopted in reference to the present condition of
things in South Carolina,"
One of the measures adopted was to enter
into a treaty of peace with rebels that your
forts should not be garrisoned or protected.
That, I suppose, is one of the measures which
he did not approve, and I should like to know
if the Senator from Missouri approved it or if
any loyal man approved it.
Mr. DRAKE. May I ask the honorable
Senator from Illinois whether he is now going
to undertake to show that Mr. Thomas re-
signed from President Buchanan's Cabinet
because the President made that treaty with
those South Carolina men, and thereby prove
Mr. Thomas a tip-top loyal man ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I say, Mr. President, it
is just as legitimate for me to argue that as it
is for the Senator to urge that he disapproved
of furnishing supplies to Sumter. I say one
inference is just as legitimate as the other;
there is no testimony as to either. I could
have signed the letter of Mr. Thomas declaring
that I did not agree with the measures adopted
by Mr. Buchanan in regard to South Carolina.
Gentlemen pick out one good act that Mr.
Buchanan did and say that that is the one
which Mr. Thomas did not agree to. How do
they know that? He does not say so. There
were many acts of that President which no
patriotic man could agree to.
Now, let me read what Mr. Cisco s^s in
regard to the complaint which is made about
Mr. Thomas as Secretary of the Treasury. Mr.
Cisco, it will be remembered, had been the
financial agent of this Government for a long
time in the city of New York, and continued
to be so for some time after Mr. Lincoln be-
came President; and I believe nobody ever
questioned his integrity, his honesty, or hia
fidelity to the Government. He as before the
committee, and let me readwhat he testified in
regard to Mr. Thomas's conduct in the Treas-
ury Department:
" Question. State if youknow any foundation for the
statement which I have substantially read to you,
and the further statement in this report to the Bank
of Commerce, alluding to the statement already read:
'This was evidently a wicked and treasonable plot
to dishonor the credit of the United States by default
in the payment of interest on its stocks, by neglect-
ing to provide for the arrears due to the Army and
the Navy and the civil and diplomatic list, including
thoso duo to the members of Congress then in session.*
State if you know any fact to sustain this statement,
or upon what it wns based.
" Answer. I know of no fact which would warrant
any such statement—nonewhatever. I was very much
surprised that any such statement should ever have
been made. The first time my attention ever was
called to it was on the occasion of its reading in
the Senate hy Mr. Howard, of Michigan. It was the
first time I had seen the statement, ft was contained
in a report made by the officers to the shareholders
of that bank, and of course only circulated privately,
that is, circulated among their shareholders.. I did
not receive one; I was not one of their shareholders.
I wascertainlylvery much surprised at any such state-
ment. There was nothing, in my judgment, to war -
rant any such charges; nor do I know of any act of
ir* , omas> while he was Secretary of the Treasury,
which would at all justify thechargeof a treasonable
Plot in relation to that matter. On the contrary, I
think that Mr. Thomas did all that he possibly could
under the circumstances. It is true there were some
notions in New York in relation to Mr. Thomas's sym-
pathies which affected our financial people very seri-
ously. whether they were true ornot I cannot say."
And again:
"Question. Then, so far as you know, Mr. Thomas,
as Secretary of the Treasury, did all in his power to
meet the interest?
"Answer. I think so, and it seems to me that the
very fact of his being willing to take this offer of a
million and a half at that exorbitant rate of interest
was evidence that he was desirous that the interest
on the public debt should be paid. He knew there
was no other source, because I had already informed
him that the money which I held could not be used
for that purpose, and in that he aeqpiesced."
The whole testimony of Mr. Cisco goes to
