1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
this body, and T paid more attention to the }
debates at that time than 1 have done since, j
becar.se they were fresh to me, and I confess
that when the subject was under discussion at
that time I had a little suspicion that there
%vas something about the measure which in
point of results would produce a schism after-
ward. The Senator from Kansas [Mr. Pom-
i;uoy] I remember offered an amendment to
the bill of 1800, which I will read. On a cer-
tain day in June of that year the bill was taken
up on motion of the Senator from Michigan,
"the chairman of the Committee on the Pacific
llailroud, and the Chair stated the question to
be on the amendment proposed by Mr. Pou-
ehoy, to add to the first section the following
proviso :
MW pi ov'ded further, That should the Union Pa-
cific Railroad Company, eastern division, under the
provision? ol" this act, file their map locating their
road upon a different route from that indicated in
their map hoi cloture filed in the Department of the
Interior, then and in that event the Hannibal and
fc>f. Joseph itailro.idUoinpany, ortheir assigns being
authorized to cuim< ct with the said railroad under
the several acts to which this is an amendment, may
b<\ and arc hereby,authorized tocontinuetheirroad
wesiwardly from the point provided lor in the afore-
said acts to a connection with the Union Pacific rail-
road at some point east of the one hundredth meri-
dian of longitude, and for that purpose may have
the same provisions and besubject to all the restric-
tions and limitations of the said Pacific railroad
acts."
There was a distinct proposition to add to
the bill of 1806 exactly what this company now
asks for; that is in effect a double subsidy,
leaving one subsidy to the Union Pacific,
eastern division, to the one hundredth merid-
ian, and giving by that amendment another
subsidy in express terms to this company for
the same distance. That was the proposition.
The honorable chairman of the committee
[Mr. Howard] said, in reply to that:
"It was intimated yesterday that the amendment
offered by the honorable Senator from Kansas re-
quited a further appropriation of money or of sub-
sidies in order to carry it out. The amendment
itself was never before the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad; and that committee is in no sense respon-
sible for the measure. It that be its effect, I most
respectfully and,earnestly suggest to the honorable
Senator to withdraw the amendment, so far as this
bill is concerned, because it must surely give rise to
considerable discussion and loss of time, and present
his amendment m the form of a separate ineasuie,
and lot it be passed upon on its merits, if it has merits.
It i< quite sure that in the present state of things in
this body there is danger of losing the whole bill if
the Senator insists upon that amendment,''
The Senator from Kansas [Mr. Pomehoy]
responded:
"Id'd not suppose that this amendment would
endanger the bill. My pointwas this: the road hav-
ing been located in one valley in my State, and the
land withdrawn irom market, and parties having
acquired interests there, great injustice would be
done them unless some company were authomed to
build a road there. I thought I would submit the
matter fairly to the Senate. If the Senate conclude
that no injustice will be done anybody, then, of
cuurtsc, they will vote the amendment down; but I
wish it distinctly understood that parties have ac-
quired rights under that location that they cannot
be divested of, either by Congress or any other body,
without icpairingthe damage. I thought that was
so, and I believe it is so. If the Senvitor has read
the opinion ot the Secretary of the Interior, which
"vv.is submitted to the Attorney General and approved
by him, he wiil see precisely the point I am aim-
ing at."
The debate went on :
"Mr. Howard. I think I apprehend the point.
Tlic Senator cannot doubt that Congress will be
eutiiei) willing to do complete justicc to all those
individuals who may suffer pecuniarily in conse-
quence of the passage ot the bill now under consid-
eration. I should be quite willing at all times to
grant any relict' which justice requires to those per-
son* who' have thus located in that region.
"M' Pojikroy. It Congress is ready to make up
for ail tho->e looses, theiv will be no difficulty.
"Mr. Howard. But I do not see .the propriety,
exactly, of incorporating fueh a provision as .that in
the bill now under consideration. It is m itself a
sepaiate and distinct proposition, andit ought to be
so tv-ated, ns it strikesme.
-llr. POMEBOY. The Senator may not understand
that this amendment is germane to the bill; but J.
d" not agree with him on that point. This bill now
pi oposes to change the location oi. the road—nothing
else: but that is not the point I am objecting to.
'fhe point I am objecting to is. that when that l*
done, induce ou?ht to he done to the parties who
htve taken it foi granted, under toe previous bill,
that lhi< 10.id was to be loeated in tuovalie> ot the
Ih" Mr.*boNNESS. The provision of law now is, that
the Pacific railroad, eastern division, shall bo located
through the valley of the Republican river, and the
Senator from Kansas says that because of that pro-
vision may persons have bought thceven sections of
land ot the Government, and paid the enhanced
price of $2 f>0 an acre lor them, and that if this bill ;
shall pass authorizingthecompany to vary the route, !
to change the location to the valley of the Smoky !
Hill river, those settlers ought to be compensated by
the Government, and not required to pay $2 50 an
acre tor their land.
"As suggested by the honorable chairman of the
Pacific Railroad Committee, of course the Govern-
ment will make such ;i provision if wo pass this bill.
"Bat the best part of the proposition ot the Senator
from Kansas now conies in. He says that in heu of
the benefit that would thus be conferred upon the
settlers, it is but fair to allow a company that the
honorable Senator or his people have up there to
extend their line so as to authorize them to join the
Union Pacific railroad, and also to have bonds of th e
United States,at the rate of $l(5,000per mile,in addi-
tion to lands. If there i& any proposition settled, at
least for this session, so far as the Pacific Railroad
Committee of this body can settle it, it is that they
will authorize no addition of bonds to be paid to any
company building or engaged in building a branch
ot the Pacific railroad. Tnat question has bcendeiib-
eratcly examined upon a bill presented by the hon-
orable Senator and urged by him, andthecommiUee
have reported upon it. Xow I submit to him that
the Senate cannot—ot' cuui^e he has a lisrlit to get a
vote, and I hope hcwill get a vote upon it—the Sen-
ate cannot, at this season at least, authorize an addi-
tion of bonds to brai.che-. ot the Pacific railroad bucii
as is contemplated by his proposition"
Then the matter went over for awhile, but- it
came to be discussed again, when Mr. Kiik-
wood. ofiowa, said :
"I move to otiike out. the fui-t section of the bill.
I wish tu correct the remark* of the Senator fjoni
Kansas. Do I understand him to say that if the bill
as reported shail pass his understanding isthat the
road of which ho spoke, liiiuung 'west liom Hanni-
bal, will have ike mht. under the existing law, to
connect with the mam trunk at the one hundredth
mendian i
"Mr. PoMiiROY. Xo, sir; not under the existing
law. They have the light io councot on the Repub-
lican where rhi- eo npanj filed their map, not at the
one hundredth meridian.
" Mr. KiiiKWoun. l)o I understand the Senatorto
say that they will have the light to connect at some
place within the mam stem ol the load?
" Mr. Pom;:roy. \ o*, Mr.
"Mr. Kikkwood. Where?
"Mr. PoirEROY. At a point on the Republican
river about one hundred miles west Irom tho Mis-
souri river. They have located their line to that
point and filed their map and issued their bonds.
"Mr. Henderson. Who has done that ?
"Mr. Pomeuoy. Tho assignees of tho Hannibal
and St. Joseph road."
Then the thing was further debated, pro and
con, and we finally come to this result: Mr.
POMEIIOY again said:
"Though the Hannibnl and St. Joseph Railroad
Company had the licht to build a branch under the
provisions ot the act. they had to use a, charter to be
obtained fiom the Legislature of Kansas, from the
fact that a company in one St ate could not be author-
ized even by an act of Congress to build in another
Slate except with the consent of the State and by
uM«g a charterot that State. The law says that they
shall have land and bonds for only one hundred
miles. It does not say that they shall not build any
further, as the Senator seems to claim. This com-
pany located its road and filed its plat on the Repub-
lican. The Hannibal and St. Joseph road had notice
then, and all the world had, tbattuis company was
going up tho Republican,"
He then proceeds to state the ease, that they
had gone out to connect, and then he says:
" That is why that, company have been opposedto
any change, because they were satisfied with the
legislation ns it was; and if tho other routeis taken,
the Smoky Hill route, it require? further legislation
to enable theui to connect somewhere e'SO."
Again, the Senator from Kansas, [Mr. Pome-
roy,] after this debate that I have recited,
withdrew the amendment that he offered, vol-
untarily. lhave been informed, and it appears
in fact from a remark that fell from the Sen-
ator from California, [Mr. Coxxeks,] that at
that time, in July, 1806, my friend from Kan-
sas was the president of this very company.
He represented the company on this floor. I
do not speak of it in any offensive sense; it
was perfectly proper that he should be the
president of the company ; but what I mean is,
that my friend from Kansas was acting, as he
rightfully might be so far as the debate went
certainly—voting might be another question—
for the interest of the company of which lie
was the president. He brought forward this
question.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator means to
say, I presume, that I was acting as a Senator
from the State of Kansas.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I mean to say—and my
friend will correct me if I am wrong—that in
July, 1800, he was president of the Central
Branch Pacific Kailroad Company.
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, I think I was nom-
inally president of the company until a month-
or two after that. Since then 1 have had no
interest in it whatever.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am not. complaining of
what my friend from Kansas did, because he
(lid right as to presenting this question to the
Senate then; but wliat 1 say is, that if there
was a doubt on the construction of these stat-
utes, if it was claimed by the Central Branch
Company that this legislation of 1866 was going
to operate injuriously to them in such a way
as to give them a claim upon our justice or
bounty, it was the duty of my friend from Kan-
sas who had the interests of the road at heart
and who had a knowledge of all its affairs,
to propose the very amendment that he did.
Now, what I complain of is—after having stated
that my friend did his duty, I now come to my
complaint—that that Senator, being the respon-
sible organ and agent of the company, having
stated what he claimed its rights to be at that
lime on this floor, voluntarily withdrew any
objection to the passage of that bill of 1866
and withdrew his amendment, which provided
for the very thing they want now, so as to let
that bill pass, without telling us either that, he
gave up l'or the company the claim that they
had or else that he should demand cf us in the
future this justice that he thought was denied.
Mr. POMEROY. For some reason, the
Senator says, I withdrew the amendment. I
will read the reason assigned at the time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What page is it? I was
trving to find it.
"Mr. POME HOY". Page 8256 of the Globe:
"I believe the pending question is on the amend-
ment that 1 submitted. I have conversed with very
many of the members of the Pacific Kailroad Com-
mittee, and as they desire to report upon this propo-
rtion separately, not connected with this bill. I do
nol desire to press it arrainst thewishes of thefriends
of this measure and ot our railroads. I will there-
fore withdraw the amendment."
Mr. CONKLINCt. What day of the month
was that?
Mr. EDMUNDS. June 19, I860.
Mr. POMEltOY. I will only add that when
the Senator from Iowa [Mr. IIaklax]^ shall
make his remarks, he will state to the Senate
that he, as Secretary of the Interior, instructed
me that the rights of this company would not
be impaired by my withdrawing the amend-
ment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We will take the evidence
of the rights of the company from the officers
of the Government in some more official way.
If we can get at that, I should like to see that
opinion of the Attorney General and the report
of the Secretary of the Interior on this subject.
It would be well worth studying, perhaps.
Now my friend from Kansas says that lie
withdrew this amendment, acting in the inter-
est of his company, because, as he stated, t'hs
committee desired to reportupon it separately.
Let me read a little further in the same con-
nection.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator will not say-
that in doing it I was acting in the interest of
the company. I was acting as a Senator^ in
the interest of my State. I was not here acting
in the interest of any particular company ; but
1 thought, for the interest of my State, it was
best not to embarrass a bill which had for its
object to build a line through the whole length
of that State, and learning that it would not
interfere with the rights of anybody else, laid
withdraw the proposition.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think if the Senator
had told us on the 10th of June, 1866, that he
had offered this amendment in the interest of
the company ot which he was president, ana
as a matter of justice to them, and that ho
withdrew it at the request of the committee,
but that if that bill passed, his company whom
he represented would demand the same justice
of Congress that they are now demanding,
there would have been quite a d'fierent result
in the action of 1866. I say the-wembers who
