1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
12S?
exonerate Mr. Thomas entirely from any
charge, imputation, or suspicion of improper
conduct as Secretary of the Treasury. I think
it is uiyust to impute to Mr. Thomas a wrong
motive in his letter of resignation when you
may impute a right one just asjrell. The fact
about it is, as he stated in the committee, that
a committee of bankers' men came on here
from New York and stated to the President
that the moneyed men had not confidence in
Mr. Thomas, and hearing that he told the Pres-
ident that he would resign ; and that was the
real cause of his resignation. It may be, as
the Senator from Missouri says, that he ought
to have been a man who had the confidence of
the moneyed men of the country. But it is
not every individual that has it. He was not
that person. General Dix had more of it; and
the country undoubtedly was very much re-
joiced when Mr. Thomas went out and Gen-
eral Dix came in. I think that the act of his
resignation benefited the country, because the
moneyed men had not confidence in Mr.
Thomas.
Mr. President, I have said a great deal more
than I intended to say when I rose, and I shall
conclude by remarking that in regard to this
case I have no sort of feeling. I have -no
interest in having Mr. Thomas admitted or
rejected any more than any other individual
Senator. And, if I know myself, I only wish
to vote upon his case as the testimony and the
law and the Constitution will warrant. If I
believed, as some Senators do, the statements
that are made in regard to his disloyalty, I
certainly should vote against receiving him
here; but, so far as I am able to understand
the testimony, the impression it makes upon
my mind is that there is no such proof of his
having done any act which gave aid and com-
fort to the rebellion as would warrant our re-
fusal to allow him to take his seat on taking
the oath prescribed by law.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President 
Mr. STEWART. I wish the Senator from
Maryland would give way to me for a few mo-
ments.
Mr. JOHNSON. I cannot.
Mr. STEWART. I deem it a personal priv-
ilege to myself, after what has occurred, that I
should be allowed to be heard for a short time.
Mr. JOHNSON. I claim as a personal priv-
ilege to occupy the floor when I have got it. I
gave way to the honorable member from Illi-
nois because I supposed at the time that he
would not find it necessary to occupy the floor
more than a few moments. He has, however,
exhausted nearly all that portion of the day
which I supposed would be left to me.
Mr. President, the importance of the ques-
tion before the Senate cannot be overstated.
This is manifest from the manner in which it
has been debated by some members of the
body. I propose, therefore, to examine it,
with a view to ascertain the principles upon
which it should be decided. And this I shall
endeavor to do, uninfluenced, as I believe I
am, by any feelings of State pride, which under
other circumstances might perhaps influence
my judgment. The Constitution makes me,
upon this question, a judge, and I feel bound
to bring to its consideration the calmness and
impartiality which belong to that position.
There are some propositions connected with
the subject upon which I suppose there can be
no difference of opinion. These are, to state
them in general terms, that the legislative
department of the Government, and especially
this branch of it, depends for its existence upon
the States. Senators are chosen, and can be
chosen in no other way than by the Legisla-
tures of the States. The only qualifications
required by the Constitution are that the party
to be chosen shall be at least thirty years of
age, a citizen of the United States for nine
years, and an inhabitant of the State. Subject
to these limitations the Legislature of the State
has the unrestricted right of choice. No de-
partment of this Government of the United
States has any jurisdiction over it. The Con-
stitution, whether we regard its terms or its
evident scope, as manifested by its nature,
creates a Government of delegated powers, ands.
that Government has consequently no authority
to interfere. The obvious purpose was to leave
the election of members of this body to the
Legislatures of the States exclusively, without
any other restrictions than those of age, citi-
zenship, and inhabitancy. No provision is
made for compelling the States to elect Sena-
tors. The only security for the performance
of this duty is in the fact that the members
of the Legislature are bound to take an oath to
support the Constitution of the United States,
and in the presumption that the people of the
States will be true to their allegiance to the
Government of the Union.
This being the authority of the States, when-
ever in the performance of it they act within
its limits it would seem to follow that their
decision is conclusive. • If there could be any
doubt upon the point it is removed by what is
the obvious limitation upon the power of the
Senate when the election of a Senator, as in
the present instance, comes before it. The
Constitution in such a case gives to the Senate
no power except that of judging of the elec-
tion, return, and qualification of the person
elected.
There is another provision which shows that
it was not intended to authorize the Senate to
refuse admission to a Senator-elgct for any
other reason than his not having The specific
qualifications mentioned in the Constitution,
and that is the one which denies to it the power
to expel a Senator except by a vote of two
thirds of its members. The framers of the
Constitution evidently anticipated that polit-
ical parties might exist, and that they might at
times, for the sake of party success, adopt
measures inconsistent with the rights of the
States. They believed, however, that such
measures would rarely receive the assent of
two thirds of the body. And while willing to
submit to the decision of a bare majority
whether the person elected possessed the con-
stitutional qualifications, (in its nature a sim-
ple inquiry,) they were not willing to leave
to such a majority the power to deny such a
person admission. To guard against the mis-
chief which might result from having a Sen-
ator who should grove by his conduct, either
morally or otherwise, that he was unfit for the
position, they gave to the Senate, by a vote of
two thirds, the authority to expel him. Such
a vote they supposed could never be obtained
for a mere party end, and would, therefore,
never be had, so as to interfere with the rights
of the States to select their own Senators,
EYom these views the result is that when the
election has been legally held, and has been
legally returned, the Senate has no right, as
far as the words of the Constitution are con-
cerned, to deny admission to the person elected,
if he possesses the qualifications required—aye,
citizenship and residence. As it is not pre-
tended that the election of my colleague and
its return are not right, or that he does not
possess all the qualifications required, the only
ground upon which he can be denied admis-
sion is that there are additional qualifications
than those contained in the Constitution which
he has not. If this be so, it is upon the doc-
trine of implied powers. It is true that powers
not expressly delegated are in Congress and in
each House; but these are only such as are
necessary to carry out the powers expressly
granted. The extent of such powers is found
in the Constitution itself; it is in the authority
"to make all laws which shall be necessary
and proper for carrying into execution" the
delegated powers. No one has at any time
contended that Congress has unlimited author-
ity under that clause. The very words of the
clause are inconsistent with any such pretense.
In terms, nothing can be done under it ex-
cept what is necessary and proper to the exer-
cise of the granted powers; nor, indeed, does
the clause confer upon Congress any authority
that they would not have had without it, it
being a well-established principle that the
authority to do an act involves the authority
to do everything that is necessary and not pro-
hibited to its performance. It would, indeed?
be an absurdity that under any such power,
whether implied or granted, the extent of  
granted power could be enlarged or that some
distinct and independent power to that granted
was conferred.
It follows from this .that the Senate, under
the authority to judge of the qualifications of
a Senator-elect, is limited to those required by
the Constitution.
If I be right in these views' my colleague is
entitled to admission, unless he has done some
act which, although having the constitutional
qualifications, legally deprives him of it. What
has he done, then? is the inquiry to which I
propose next to address myself, and what is
the law, in addition to the Constitution, which
bears upon the point?
1. As to the law. The only one upon the
subject is that which requires an oath in addi-
tion to the one contained in the Constitution.
In my opinion Congress had no authority to
pass that act; but it is not my purpose now, to
dispute its validity. The object of passing it
was tli3 same as that which the convention had
in providing the constitutional oath. If in
relation to the last the taking; of it was to be
conclusive on the Senate, leaving it no power
to inquire into the sincerity with which it was
taken, it would seem that the taking of the
statutory oath was equally conclusive. That
the former has ever been held conclusive is
evident from the fact that no Senator has been
excluded from his seat, either before or after
taking it, upon the ground that he could not
do so, or had not truthfully done so.
But conceding that the taking of the oath is
not left entirely with the Senator-elect, and
that the Senate may deny him his seat if they
shall be of opinion that he could not in good
faith take it, then the question is has my col-
league done any act which will justify such a
conclusion in his case? To this question I
propose next to speak.
Before doing so I must sa# that I think, in-
deed, I know, and I therefore concur in what
was said by the Senator from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Buckalew,] that great injustice has been
done in the debate to my colleague. It has
been said, and particularly by the honorable
member from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,] that my
colleague cannot with truth take the statutory
oath, and he has, indeed, gone so far, contrary
to his accustomed •courtesy, as to say that Sen-
ators must know it. Speaking for myself, I
say to the honorable member "that I know no
such thing. The facts to which he is to swear
are that he has not voluntarily given aid, en-
couragement, or countenance to the rebellion.
The term " voluntarily" has no technical mean-
ing. The Senator, therefore, in such a case,
if he is an intelligent man, knows best whether
he did the act imputed to him willfully and
freely, and whether he did it for the purpose
of aiding, encouraging, or countenancing the
rebellion. My colleague, as demonstrated by
the tenor of his entire life, is a man of honor.
He enjoys and has enjoyed that characterfrom
his manhood to the present hour. Whatever
opinions he may have had upon the nature of
our Government, the extent of its powers, and
the rights of the States, and however, if at all,
he sympathized with the South during the war,
these have not in any degree, in the estimation
of all who personally know him, affected his
reputation as a man. He is, indeed, what the
honorable member from Ohio could not avoid
saying, "a gentleman," which of itself, with
gentlemen, should be considered a guarantee
of his veracity. When, therefore, I find him
willing to swear that the acts charged were not
done by him voluntarily for the purpose of aid-
ing, encouraging, or countenancing the rebel-
lion, I am sure he speaks the truth.
I have not the right, nor will I assume the
liberty, to be the keeper of his conscience. I
am certain that if he does take the oath it will
be because he has designedly done nothing
within its true meaning. As far, therefore, as
his purpose is involved, the fact that it was an
