THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
California asks for the vote of the Senate.
Senators, you who are of the opinion that the
question is admissible, and shall be put to the
witness, will say ay 
Mr. HOWARD called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the reading of
the fifth article. I was not in when it was
read.
The Secretary read the fifth article, as fol-
lows:
"That said Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States, unmindful of the high duties of his
office, and of his oath of office, on the 21st day of
February, m the year of our Lord 1868, and on divers
other days and times in said year, beforo the 2d day
of March, in theyear of our Lord 1868, at Washington,
in tho District of Columbia, did unlawfully conspire
with one Lorenso Thomas, and with other persons to
the House of Representatives unknown, to prevent
and hinder the execution of an act entitled 'An act
regulating tho tenure of certain civil offices,' passed
March 2, 1867; and in pursuance of said conspiracy
did unlawfully attempt to prevent Edwin M.Stanton,
then and there being Secretary for tho Department
of War, duly appointed and commissioned under the
laws of the United States, from holding said office,
whereby the said Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States, did then and there commit, and was
guilty of a high misdemeanor in office."
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
now read the question proposed to be put to
the witness.
The Secretary read as follows:
After you had reported to the President tho result
of your efforts to obtain a writ of habeas corpus, did
you do any other act in pursuance of the original
instructions you had received from the President on
Saturday to tost the right of Mr. Stanton to continue
in the office; and, if so, stato what the acts were?
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 23; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buckalew, Davis,
Dixon, Doohttle, Pessenden, I'owjer, Grimes, Hend-
ricks, llowe, Johnson, MeCreery, Morrill of Maine,
Morton, Norton. Patterson of New Hampshire, Pat-
terson of Tennessee, Iioss, Saulsbury, Sherman,
Sprague, Sumner, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Vickers,
and Willey—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron,Cattell, Chandler, Conk-
ling, Conness, Cragin, Drake, Edmunds, Ferry, t're-
iin^huysen, Harlan, Howard, Morgan, Morrill of
Vermont, Nye, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Stewart, Thayer,
Tipton, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—23.
NOT VOTINti—Messrs. Cole, Corbett, Henderson,
and Wade—4.
So the question was decided to be admissible.
Mr. CURTIS, (to the witness.) Now you
may state it, Mr. Cox.
The Witness. On the same day or the next,
I forget which, I prepared ail information in
the nature of a quo warranto. I think a de-
lay of one day occurred in the effort to procure
certified copies of General Thomas's commis-
sion as Secretary of War ad interim and of the
order to Mr. Stanton. I then applied to the
district attorney to sign the information in the
nature of a quo warranto, and he declined to
do so without instructions or a request from
Jie President or the Attorney General. This
fact was communicated to the Attorney Gen-
eral and the papers were sent to him. We also
*ave it as our opinion to him that it would not
Lie 
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Slop. We object
■o the opinion given by these gentlemen to the
\ttorney General as tending t,o show the Pres-
ident's motives or intent.
Mr. CURTIS. We do not insist upon it if
lie other side object. [To the witness.] You
an now proceed to state anything that was
lone after this time.
The Witxesk. Nothing was done after this
time by me. The papers were returned to me
recently.
Mr. CURTIS, (to the Managers.) The wit-
ness is now yours, gentlemen, for cross-exam-
ination.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate
ake a recess for fifteen minutes.
The motion was agreed to; and at the expi-
ation of the recess the Chief Justice resumed
.he chair and called the Senate to order.
Walter S. Cox cross-examined.
By Mr. Manager Butler:
Question. You stated that you had been
radioing law here in Washington some twenty
iears ?
Answer. Y'es, sir.
Question. Here all the time?
Answer. Always.
Question. Was any other counsel associated
with you by the President?
Answer. No, sir; not to my knowledge.
Question. Were you counsel in that case for
the President or for General Thomas?
Answer. I considered myself counsel for the
President.
Question. Did you. so announce yourself to
Chief Justice Cartter?
Answer. I did not.
Question. Then you appeared before him as
counsel for Thomas?
Answer. I did in that proceeding.
Question. And he did not understand in any
way, so far as you know, that you were desir-
ing to do anything there on behalf of the Pres-
ident?
Answer. I had mentioned the fact to Judge
Cartter privately, out of court, that I had been
sent for and directed to take charge of or insti-
tute proceedings.
Question. As counsel for the President?
Answer. Yes, sir; that I had been sent for
by tho President.
Question. Butdid you tell him that you were
coming into his court as counsel for the Pres-
ident ?
Answer. I did not. I do not know whether,
when I told him, I had then determined to pro-
ceed in that way.
Question. In any of the discussions or your
action before the court did you inform either
the court or the counsel on the other side that
you desired to have the case put in train so
that you could get a decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States?
Answer. I do not think I did.
Question. Had either the court or the coun-
sel any means of knowing that that was your
purpose or the President's purpose, so far as
you were concerned ?
Answer. In no other way than from our
application for the habeas corpus upon our
announcement of General Thomas's surrender
into custody, so far as I am advised.
Question. Nothing only what they might
infer ?
Answer. Precisely.
Question. They might infer that?
Answer. I had no conversation with them
before the result.
Question. I am not speaking now of conver-
sations with counsel outside of the court, but
I am speaking of proceedings in court?
Answer. Precisely so.
Question. And so far as the proceedings in
court were concerned—and I ask for nothing
else—there was no intimation, direct or in-
direct, thut there was any wish on the part of
the President or the Attorney General to make
a case to test the constitutionality or the pro-
priety of any law ?
Answer. There was none that I remember in
the presence of the judge on the bench acting
at that time—no other than private informa-
tion.
Question. Your private information to the
judge I have not asked for. Was there any in
court to the counsel who appeared on the other
side ?
Answer. None.
Question. Then, so far as you know, tho
counsel on the other side could only treat this
as a question of the rights of personal liberty
of Mr. Thomas? [No answer.] Well, sir, it
being your desire to have that question tested,
and as you, appearing for the Government,
could do so by consent of the prosecutor, why
did you not speak to the prosecutor's counsel
and ask to have it put in train for that ?
Answer. Because I did not think they would
consent to it. We did not desire to let them
know our object at the time.
Question. Then, as I understand you, you
concealed your object from them ?
Answer. We rather did, I think. „
Question. Then they acted as they did act,
whether rightly or wrongly, under that conceal-
ment. did they ?
Answer. They seemed to divine the object
before _ we got through and to endeavor to
defeat it.
Question. And they only seemed to divine it
from the course they took. That is the only
reason they had for seeming to divine it?
Answer. Yes, sir. <
Question. You say you prepared the papers
for an information in the nature of a quo war-
ranto?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. On what day was that?
Ansioer. That was either on Wednesday, the
20th, or the next day.
Question. The 26th or 27th of February?
Answer. Yes, sir ; I think it was the 27th.
Question. That was after the President was
impeached ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Did you see the President between
the time that you reported to him and the time
when you prepared this paper?
Answer. I did not. I have never seen him
since.
Question. You prepared that paper and car-
ried it to the Attorney General, did you not?
Answer. First, to the district attorney, or
rather, I spoke to him without presenting the
paper.
Question. You spoke to him and he said he
must have some order from the Attorney Gen-
eral or the President before he could act ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. And then you went to the Attor-
ney General?
Answer. I did not go in person ; I sent the
papers.
Question. Did you send a note with them ?
Answer. I do not remember.
Question. You simply sent the papers?
Answer. I sent a message, either written or
verbal; I do not know which.
Question. By whom ?
Ansiver. I think by Mr. Merrick or Mr.
Bradley; I cannot now say which.
Question. What Bradley?
Answer. Joseph II.
Question. The elder or younger?
Answer. The elder.
Question. Was he concerned in the matter?
Answer. He appeared in court with us merely
as an adviser, as a friend of General Thomas.
Question. Joseph IT. Bradley appeared in
the courts of the District?
Answer. He did not appear in his character
as attorney of the court. He appeared in per-
son, not in the character of an attorney.
Question. He appeared in person, but did
not appear as an attorney?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Did he say anything?
Answer. Nothing to the court or to the
judge.
Question. Is this Mr. Bradley the same man
who was disbarred?
Ansiver. The same.
Question. So that he could not appear. Now,
since you sent those papers to the Attorney
General, have you ever received them back?
Ansiver. I have.
Question. When?
Answer. A few days ago.
Question. By '' a few days ago'' when do you
mean'! Since you have been summoned as a
witness ?
Answer. I think not—just before, I believe.
Question. Just before ?
Answer. I believe so.
Question. Preparatory to your being sum-
moned as a witness ?
Answer. Not that I am aware of.
Question. After or before_ this case was
opened ; before or after the trial began?
Answer. After.
Question. How long after.
Answer. I cannot say. I think it was four
or five days ago, as near as I can come to it.
Question. Had you any communication with
the Attorney General about them between the
time you sent them and the time when you
received them ; I do not ask what the commu-
