18G8.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4309
not to be paid than they will have to demand
payment at the end of that length of time.
My colleague, [Mr. Garfield,] in speaking
of this matter, spoke of the advantage of hav-
ing three classes of indebtedness provided for,
as in the Senate bill, and expressed a decided
preference for that over the funding of the debt
in a single bond to run a long time; and he
instanced the fact that we found it convenient
during the war to meet the public want by put-
ting out a variety of bonds, various forms of
public securities. Now, Mr. Speaker, to that
I have only to reply that we were forced to
that by the expedients that we had to resort to
in order to obtain money at all, and the various
different expedients by which it was sought to
push the public credit, sometimes in one way.
sometimes in another, to meet the enormous
demands made upon us. It was not so much
a matter of choice as a matter of necessity
during that time of high pressure in the push-
ing of the public credit which existed during
the period of the war.
But, Mr. Speaker, if there were any one
thing that more than all others illustrates the
propriety of giving that sort of security to a
bond such as we propose, which is to be found
in a distinct declaration of precisely what the
holder has when he takes such a bond, it
might be found in the very debate in which
we have been engaged here. What is the great
source of trouble now, of difference of opiuion,
of distraction in council in regard to the pub-
lic debt? It is the question which rises in
regard to the kind of lawful money in which
the principal of that debt is to be paid. The
five-twenties have their interest payable in
coin, and nobody raises a question as to
whether that interest shall be paid otherwise
than in coin. Hut the law providing for the
five-twenties, if not altogether silent with
respect to the kind of money in which the
principal was to be paid, left, perhaps, too
much to be inferred from the various acts of
legislation, and the various circumstances at-
tending the negotiation of the loan, as to what
was intended by the Government in regard to
the manner in which the principal was to be
paid.
There are those who hold to what they con-
ceive to be the very letter of the law, and
claim that it is not required that the principal
of these bonds shall be paid in coin. There
are others who claim that the concurrent legis-
lation of the time, the manifest intentions and
declarations of Congress made contemporane-
ously with the contraction of the debt, and the
representations made by the Secretary of the
Treasury and his agents when that debt was
put upon the market, rendered clear and mani-
fest the purpose of the Government to pay,
and to be understood as intending to pay, the
principal as well us the interest in coin. One
party, those who advocate one side of this
question, insist upon payment in coin as being
according to the spirit and purpose of the law.
The other party insist upon payment in other
money as being according to the letter of the
law.
_ N ow, does any one suppose that if it had been
distinctly laid down in terms in the very body
of the law itself, and if it was laid down in the
very body of the bond itself, which was issued
under that law, that the principal as well as the
interest was to be paid in coin, there would
ever have been any question made among our
people or our politicians as to what was meant?
1 have too much faith in our American people
to believe that they ever intend to repudiate,
however closely they may approach it in any
construction they may give to their public en-
gagements. But let it be laid down in the law
itsel-f, in the body of the contract, in distinct,
positive, unmistakable terms, that there are
certain conditions attaching to the loan, and
my word for it the American people will never
undertake to rid themselves of the obligations
of the contract into which they themselves
expressly entered.
Therefore it is, among other reasons, that I
find a strong argument in favor of obtaining
money upon the most favorable terras, by mak-
ing a bond long to run, by reducing the interest
upon it to the lowest possible rate at which we
can make the funding successful, and accom-
panying the authority to issue bonds of this
character with such clear, unmistakable pro-
visions in regard to exemption fiom taxation,
and in regard to the kind of money in which
not only the interest but the piincipal shall
be paid, that he who runs may read, and that
we may be clear hereafter at least of those
questions which now agitate the country so
much. That is the kind of bonds for which
this bill provides; those are the declarations
to be made in the very letter of the law, com-
mending it to all honest minds, and giving sat-
isfaction to all who become, or are likely to
become, creditors of the Government; so that
hereafter no question, either with regard to
the letter or the spirit of the law, can be made
when we come again to consider what is the
character of our public securities thus created.
This, then, is the scheme proposed—a fund-
ing for a length of time at low interest. What
else is there in the bill ? If gentlemen will but
run their eye over it, they will find that while
in the first section they have the choice be-
tween on the one hand the proposition of the
Senate, embracing a clear expression of the
kind of securities, classifying them into three
sorts, and on the part of the House an equally
clear or a clearer expression of the character
of the securities, which are made to partake
of but one class in the scheme upon which
they are to be issued, there are in the other
sections of the bill provisions which I think
ought to commend themselves to the approba-
tion of those called to legislate on this subject.
In the second section there is what is equiv-
alent to a sinking fund provided for by an
appropriation of $135,000,000 per year out of
the money received from customs, being
enough to pay all the interest, and to leave in
the very first year an excess of about ten mil-
lion dollars, to be applied toward extinguishing
the principal of the debt; and this excess must
necessarily, a.i that debt is in process of ex-
tinguishment. increase so as to afford more and
more each year to be applied to that purpose.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Upon this point, with
reference to the sinking fund, the gentleman
will allow me to make a single suggestion. If
the bill as it stands were to become operative,
the entire interest payable upon the whole
public debt would be less than $80,000,000 a
year. The proposition is to postpone the pay-
ment of any part of the principal for forty
years. By the sinking fund contemplated
there would beset aside each year $13o,000,000,
for the payment of the interest and the principal,
leaving each year for the payment of the prin-
cipal of the public debt, §55,000,000, which
the Government would be utterly incapable of
using till the expiration of the forty years.
Mr. 8CHENCK. The gentleman is arguing
upon the supposition that all this is to be
funded at once.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I argue upon the theory
of the bill, which proposes to fund the entire
interest-bearing debt of the United States.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman's propo-
sition is founded upon the supposition of the
immediate funding of our debt into this forty
year loan at three and sixty-five hundredths
interest. The gentleman must remember that
at this time we have, to start with, about one
hundred and twenty-five million dollars to pro-
vide for, and that, though as I said, from year
to year the amount applicable to the extin-
guishment of the principal will increase, thus
diminishing rapidly as it progresses the amount
of the public debt, yet it does not start at the
point which the gentleman assumes to be the
initial point.
There is but one objection which it strikes
me may perhaps require some clearer expies-
sion in this section, which has been virtually
adopted from the Senate bill with only some
slight verbal modification. It may, perhaps,
be that the section, is not drawn with sufficient
clearness in reference to the question whether
as the customs are collected in coin this 1
000,000 is a provision for the payment of all
the interest in coin. If there be any question
about that, it can easily be obviated in a com-
mittee of conference.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. Debate is exhausted.
The previous question has been seconded and
the main question ordered. The first question
is on concurring in the various amendments
reported from the Committee of the Whole.
Atter those shall be acted on the question will
be on striking out all after the enacting clause
of the bill and inserting the substitute proposed
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Botttwell.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the bill and
pending amendments be laid on the table.
Mr. RANDALL. I would like to make a
motion to postpone the bill till the third Mon-
day of December.
The SPEAKER. That motion would not
now be in order, as the previous question is
operating.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Holmax.]
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 35, nays 100, not voting
80 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Beck.Boyer, Brom-
well, Brooks, Cary, Doekery, Getz, Glossbrenner, Gol-
laday, Grover, Haight, Hill, Ilolman, Hotchkiss,
Ingcrsoll, Johnson, Alexander H. Jones, Thomas L.
Jones, Kerr, Knott, Marshall, McCullough, Niblaek,
Nicholson, Randall, Pi-oss, Sit^reaves, Taber, Law-
rence S. Trimble, Van Auken, Van Trump, Stephen
F. Wilson, and Woodward—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Aliison, Ames, Anderson, DelosR.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baker, Banks,
Beatty, Benton, Bingham, Blair, Boutwell, Boyden,
Broomall, Buckland, Buckley, Benjamin F. Butler,
Callis, Churchill, Header W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Coburn, Cook. Cullom. Dawes. Delano. De-
weese, Dixon, Donnelly, Ela, Eliot, F^rriss, Fields,
Garfield, Gravely, Griswold, Higby, Hinds, Hopkins,
Chester D. Ilubbard, Ilulburd, Hunter, Jenckes,
Judd, Ivelley, Ivelsey, Koontz, Lafiin, William Law-
rence, Loan, Loughridge, Mallftry, Maynard, Mc-
Clurg, McKee, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell,
Mulhns. Myers. Norris, O'Neill, Orth, Perham,
Peters, Pierce, Pike, Pile, Plants, Poland, Polsley,
Pomeroy, Robertson, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofreld,
Smith, Spalding, Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart, Stokes,
Sypher,Taffc, Taylor, Thomas, Trowbridge,Twitchell,
Upson, Van Aernam, Van Wyck, Ward, Elihu B.
Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, WilliamB. Wash-
burn, William Williams, JohnT. Wilson.andWood-
bridge—100.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arnell, Axtell, Baldwin,
Barnes, Barnum, Beainan, Benjamin, Blackburn,
Blaine, Boles, Bowen,Burr, Roderick R. Butler, Cake,
Chanlcr, Cornell, Covode, Dodge, Driggs, Eckley,
Eggleston, Eldridgc, Farnsworth, Ferry, Finney,
Fox, French, Goss, llalsey, Hamilton, Harding,
Ilau^hey, Hawkins, lieaton, Hooper, Asahel W.
Ilubbard, RichardD. Hubbard, Humphrey, Julian,
XCetcham, Kitchen, Lash, George V. Lawrence, Lin-
coln, Logan, Lynch, Mann, Marvin, McCarthy, Mc-
Cormick, Mcrcur, Morrissey, Mungen, Newcomb,
Newbham, Nunn, Pame, Phelps, Price, Pruyn,
Raum, llobinson, IlooN, Solyo, Shrink*, Shelh\b«tr-
ger, Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens, Stone, John
Trimble, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn,
Vidal, Cadwalader C. Wr^hburn, Welker, Whitte-
more. Thomas Williams, James F.Wilson, Windom,
and Wood—8U.
So the House refused to lay the bill and
amendments upon the table.
During the vote, Mr. ALLISON stated tliat
bis colleague, Mr. Wilson, was absent on
account of sickness.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
The question next recurred on the amend-
ments of the Committee of the Whole.
First amendment:
Strike out the words "and of such denominations
as ho may prescribe,'' and insert in lieu thereof
"as he may prescribe, and of denominations of fifty
dollars, or some multiple of that sum;" so it will
read as follows:
That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby author-
ized to issue coupon or registered bonds of the United
States lnsuch term as he may prescribe, and of denom-
inations of fifty dollars, or some multiple of that sum.
The amendment was agreed to.
Second amendment:
Strike out the words "twenty, thirty, and f°rty
year*, respectively, and bearing, the following rates
of yearly interest, payable semi-annually in coin,
that is tosay.tho issue of bonds falling due in twenty
years shall bear interest at five per cent.; bonds wUr
ing due in thirty years shall bear interest at tour and
