1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Columbia, the board of aldermen, and the board of
common council thereof, to assemble i'11 jointconven-
tion at the City Hall,in saidcitj'.on tbefirst Tuesday
of the first month alter the passage of this act, and
proceed to select by ballot all officerswhose appoint-
ments, upon the nomination of the mayor, are now
authorized by thecharter, or by any law of the Uni-
ted States, or act or ordinance of said-city, or which
may hereafter be authorized thereby, who shall bold
their offices, respectively, for one year, and until a
successor is appointed; and on the same day of the
month in each year thereafter the joint convention
shall proceed to a new selection : Provided, That
when so assembled they may abolish any of the
offices now established not elective by the voters of
thecity, or change the duties connected therewith, or
the compensation thereof, as they maj; deem proper
or necessary for the interests of said city: And pro-
vided /iii ther, That no person shall be regarded as
incompetent to hold any of said offices, or be dis-
qualified therefor, who is a qualified elector in said
I>i4rict.
And be it further enacted, That in all the meetings
of the mayor of the city of Washington and of the
boards of aldermen and common council lor the pur-
poses mentioned in the first section of this act the
mayor or the president of either of said boards shall
preside, and the secretaries of said boards shall act
as tellers, and keep a record of the proceedings, and
the mayor or any member of either of said boards
may nominate one or more persons for the offices
required to be filled, and the person having the high-
est number of votes shall be publicly declared se-
lected, and a certificate of his election shall within
five days be made out and be signed by the presiding
officer and secretaries, and be transmitted to the
person selected, who shall within ten days there-
after onter on the discharge of the duties of his
office, which shall be immediately vacated by any
person then holding the same.
And be it further enacted. That all questions arising
in the joint convention authorized by this act shall
be determined by amnjorityof tbevotesof the mem-
bers (hereof present at any of its meetings, and it
shall have power to adjourn fiom time to time until
all thedutiesimposeduponitsbalibecompleted, and
to require of the persons selected for any ofiice such
security as may be deemed necessary. And in the
event of any vacancy from disability, death, or resig-
nation, it shall be the duty of the mayor to call a
meeting of the joint convention to select a successor
for the unexpired term of service.
Ami be it further enacted, That when the mayor,
board of aldermen, and common council shall be as-
sembled in joint convention as provided for in this
act, they shali by a majority vote designate a bank
in which the various moneys of the city of Washing-
ton shall bo deposited, and they shall make such
regulations in relation to the mode in which such
funds shall be kept and paid out as fchall be deemed
advisable for the interests ot the city; and within five
days alter such designation a certificate of the bank
selected shall bo made out and placed iti the hands
of the president or cashier thereof, and thereafter it
shall not be lawlul to retain or deposit the funds of
the city, or any part thereof, m any other bank or
place.
And be it further enacted, That all acts and ordi-
nances or parts thereof, or parts of the charter of the
city ol Washington, inconsistent herewith, be.anjlthe
same are Hereby, repealed.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not propose to pro-
ceed blindfold about anything. I should like
to know, in the first place, whether this piop-
osition lias been considered by a committee?
Mr. SUMNER. Most carefully considered
in the Committee on the District of Columbia.
It lias already passed the House of Representa-
tives, and has been on the Calendar of the
Senate now for some time; but the Senator
knowsvery well, in the press of public business,
the difficulty of bringing forward the bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suppose there was no
harm in asking for information.
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That was all I proposed
to do.
Mr. JOHNSON. Iaskthat. the amendment
be reported.
The PiiliSIDENT^rofeTOpoi'e. Ithasjust
been read through.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suppose the honorable
member can explain it.
Mr. SUMNER. The amendment is ex-
plained by a resolution which passed the com-
mon council of the city of Washington, which
1 vviil read. It will be an answer to the ques-
tion of the Senator:
"Mr. S. S. Baker offered a resolution urging the
immediate passage by Congress of the act pending
in the Senate making all officers now appointed by
the mayor elective by joint meeting of the boards.
"Mr. 0. S. Baker objected, stating that the Con-
servatives had one majority on joint ballot.
"Mr. I'iVu offered an amendment so as to aslt au-
thority for the joint boards to designate the bank of
doposit; which was accepted.
"The resolution was adopted."
The object of the amendment is to take from
the mayor the existing authority to appoint
certain officers and to lodge it with the boards,
the mayor presiding on those occasions. It is
also to take from the mayor the power which
he now has of selecting the bank of deposit.
It is well known that the appointing power, as
exercised by the mayor, has been hostile to
those citizens who now constitute a majority of
the population, especially hostile to all colored
persons. No colored person can be appointed
through the mayor. If this bill passes colored
persons may hope for some appointments
through the boards. In that matter 1 hope I
shall have the sympathy of my friend, the Sen-
ator from Maryland. I know he would not
throw himself in the path of colored persons
deserving appointments from the city govern-
ment. i think that he will join us m support-
ing this measure.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I do not
mean to throw myself in the path of anybody
seeking office ; but, although 1 have the kind-
est possible feeling for "our colored breth-
ren," in the language of the Senator from
Massachusetts, yet if 1 was the mayor I should
not appoint any of them to any office of any
consequence. They now hold under the admin-
istration of all the Departments here a great
many of the subordinate offices, and I believe
there are some of them in the mayor's office.
A great many of the messengers belonging to
the several Departments and bureaus have
been men of color. They discharge their duties,
I have no doubt, very well; but to place them
in office under the city government, and without
limiting the kind of offices they are to fill, might
be productive of very serious mischief to the
citizens. They are, the most of them, wholly
uneducated. The most of those who are m
the city, a large majority of them, have become
residents of the city during the war. They
are really in one sense not citizens to be relied
upon, because they have no interest in the city
which is a guarantee that they could be safely
intrusted with the management of the finances
or other measures necessary to conduct the
city government with propriety. 1 do not
know, Mr. President—and 1 am left to under-
stand from the honorable member from Mas-
sachusetts that that is the fact—that any actual
inconvenience lias resulted from the power of
appointment being in the mayor, unless it be
(if that be an inconvenience) that as long as
he is the mayor he will not nominate to any
important office any of these colored gentle-
men or colored ladies.
The honorable member from Massachusetts
has had au opportunity of showing that he is
willing to give thera the same attention as he
is to give to the white race; but I do not be-
lieve that he has given any of his tickets to any
of them to come to the court of impeachment.
Why not? Because there is a difference;
because it would be distasteful to a great many
of those who agree in political opinion with
the honorable member from Massachusetts.
\Ve have had the tickets issued now for some
time, seven or eight or ten days, and I believe
not more than six or seven colored persons
have been seen in the gallery. It is one thing.
Mr. Piesident. (and every mail who considers
for a moment will agreein that opinion, 1 think,)
it is one thing to give to them all the rights of
citizenship, to place them upon an equality
politically with all the white race, and another
thing to enable them to be placed in a situa-
tion, through some political contrivance, some
party measure, to get possession ot the. offices
of the Government. Jf I thought that their
safety depended upon it, that the protection
of their rights as men depended upon it, no-
body would be more willing to place them in
the situation winch the honorable member from
Massachusetts desires them to fill than 1 ; but
I am yet to learn that it is important to the
enjoyment of all the rights which belong to us
that we should hold office. That is a matter
of political expediency to be governed from
time to time by the circumstances existing
from time to time in eve*ty political commu-
nity j and if there be a prejudice or an unwill-
ingness that a measure of this sort should be
adopted, thatof itself, looking to the quiet and
peace of the community, is sufficient reason
with me for not giving them that which it is
not material they should have in order to the
protection of all the rights which belong to
them as mere men.
Mr. HAIiLAN. Mr. President, I would
simply observe to the Senator from Maryland
that this amendment, proposed by my honor-
ablefriend from Massachusetts, does not require
the appointment of colored people to fill any
of the offices. It changes somewhat the ap-
pointing power, however ; it confers it on the
mayor and aldermen and councilmen when con-
vened in joint convention for that purpose.
Those gentlemen are all white men, and the
presumption is that they are intelligent men,
and will not select either white or black men
for any of these minor offices who are not com-
petent to fill them. I would observe also that,
if this amendment should be adopted and the
bill pass with the amendment, it would place
this power precisely where I think it is placed
in Baltimore. 1 am sure it is so in George-
town, and I think it is so in all the great cities
of the country. The aldermen and the coun-
cilmen with the mayor of the cities appoint to
| those minor places. This is the whole of it.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have the question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. I would suggest that they
be called upon the passage of the bill. ■
Mr. DAVIS. No; 1 want them on the
amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
Mr. DAVIS. On that question I want to
say a word. 'The proposition to give a negro
authority over white men cannot come up here
in any form under God's heavens that I will
not oppose it. The idea of placing negroes in
this District over white men, giving them the
rule under the city government or any other
government, is a proposition that I will never
give any sanction to while I have a seat here.
If there is any absurd dogma, if there is any
preposterous proposition on this earth that I
am opposed to, it is generally, universally, an
equality between the races. It does not exist
in nature; it has been disproved by the history
of both races from the begintiing of time to the
present hour, and it will be so from the present
hour to the end of time. A race that has
never done anything whatever to emerge from
barbarism, that has never contributed one iota
to the civilization and progress of men gene-
rally, to be placed in this country over the
white man is a proposition too monstrous and
absurd, in my judgment, to receive the sanction
of any reasonable and unprejudiced people.
If you were now to put the negroes of St.
Domingo to themselves exclusively what
would be the result? They commenced the
career of self-government nearly a century ago;
about one third of them were mulattoes, and
had considerable education; but they have
been degenerating from that time to the pres-
ent, and revolutions in their go\ eminent are
almost as frequent as the changes of the moon.
If it was not, for the number of white people
who are resident among them, and trom their
intercourse with whites in commerce and in
trade, they would have fallen into tneir original
barbarism years since.
The negro race began the career of history,
I may &ay, with the white man; but the negro
race in the interior of Africa, numbering sev-
j enty millions, are in the same state of fossil
barbarism that they were four thousand years
ago. They have never invented letters; have
no arts, no sciences, no civilization, but are as
fixed in their ignorance and barbarism as
though they were fossils under the face of the
eartli. To make the descendants of such a race
as that, which is wholly incapable of civiliza-
tion, the equals of the white man, among apeo-
ple that have the decision of that proposition,
is the greatest injustice to the white race that
could possibly be attempted. Sir, we are
