THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to be pursued by you in reference to General
Thomas's case?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Stay a moment.
By Mr. Curtis:
Question. In the first place you may fix, if
you please, the hour of the day when this
occurred on the 22d?
The \Y itxess. The Manager signified to me
to stop.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. What date was it?
The Witness. The 22d of February.
By Mr. Cuiitis:
Question. Now, the hour of the day, as near
as you can fix it?
Answer. I think the proceedings before
Chief Justice Cartter at chambers took place
between ten and half past ten o'clock ; to the
best of my recollection about ten o'clock.
Immediately after they terminated, (and they
extended through only a very brief period, for
it was simply to give a bond,) I ordered copies
of the papers to be made, and as soon as they
were made I took them to the Executive Man-
sion. I think it occupied probably from thirty
minutes to an hour to make the copies, and my
impression is that I reached the Executive
Mansion by noon.
Question. Mow, you can answer the residue
of the question, whether yon received either
from the President himself, or the Attorney
General in the presence of the President, any
directions or suggestions as to the course to be
taken by you as counsel in that case?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Do you ask now
for the conversations?
Mr. CURTIS. I ask for suggestions or
directions to this gentleman. X do not go
outside of those.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I think those are
conversations, and 1 do not think they can be
put in. This was not employing, as was the
other case, a counsel to do anything; but it
was giving directions as to how Thomas's
counsel should try his case.
Mr. CURTIS. I suppose it depends en-
tirely upon what was said. They might
amount to verbal acts, as they are called in
the books ; and if this gentleman so received
and acted upon tlieni I suppose they then pass
out of the range of mere talk or declarations.
The question is whether he received instruc-
tions or suggestions from the President or the
Attorney General.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. It will be per-
ceived that the difficulty is this: it is not a
mere question of the ditlerence between acts
and declarations, although declarations make
it a remove further off; but my piuposition is
that the President's acts in directing General
Thomas's counsel to defend General Thomas,
his client, not being employed by him, the
President, cannot be evidence, whether re-
garded as acts or as declarations. That is all.
Mr. EVARTS. It does not follow that these
instructions were to defend Mr. Thomas. The
point of the inquiry is that the instructions
were to make investigations in this proceeding
whether steps could be taken in behalf of the
President. You cannot anticipate what the
answer is to be by the objections. We offer to
show that the Attorney General, in the pres-
ence of the President, after this report of the
situation that was opened by the existence of
this case of General Thomas, gave certain
directions to this gentleman of the profession
iu reference to gratting upon that case the
means of having a habeas corpus.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I do not propose
to argue it. The statement of it is enough.
General Thomas's lawyer goes to the Presi-
dent ; the Piesident has 110 more right to direct
General Thomas's lawyer than he has to direct
me: and thereupon they do not offer even the
declarations of the President, but they offer
now the declarations of the President's lawyer,
Attorney General Stanbei\y, and you are asked
to allow liis counsel to put his declarations as
part of this defense. If that is allowed to go
in no argument on earth can be of any avail.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The counsel will
please reduce their question to writing.
The offer of proof was reduced to writing
and sent to the desk.
The CHIEF J USTICE. The Secretary will
read the question propounded by the counsel
for the President.
The Secretary read as follows:
We offer to prove that about the hour of twelve
noon, on the 22d of February, upon tho first commu-
nication to the President of tho situation of General
'Thomas's ease, the President, or the Attorney Gen-
eral in his presence, gavo tho attorneys certain direc-
tions as to obtaining a writ of habea* corpus for the
purpose of testing judicially tho right of Mr. Stanton
to continue to hokl the office of Secretary of War
against the authority of the President.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. _ The Chief Justice
thinks this evidence admissible" within the rule
already determined by the Senate. He will
submit the question to the Senate if any Sen-
ator desires it. [After a pause.] The witness
may answer the question.
The Wttn-ess. T should like to liave the
question read.
Mr. CURTIS. The question is, whether the
President, or the Attorney General in his pres-
ence, gave you any instructions in respect to
proceedings to obtain a writ of habeas corpus
to test the right of Mr. Stanton to hold the
office of Secretary contrary to the will of the
President?
Answer. The Attorney General, upon learn-
ing from me the situation of tho ease, asked
if it was possible in any way to get it to the
Supreme Court immediate!}'. I told him I was
not prepared to answer that question. He
then said: "Look at it and see whether you
can lake it up to the Supreme Court immedi-
ately upon a habeas corptu and have a decision
from that tribunal." I told him I would.
Question. Subsequent to this time did you
come in communication with any gentleman
acting as counsel for the President in reference
to this matter, and who was that gentleman,
if any?
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the question?
We did not hear it.
Mr. CURTIS. The question is, whether,
subsequent to this time, he came into commu-
nication with any other legal gentleman acting
as counsel for the President, and who he was?
Answer. I examined the question as re-
quested by the Attorney General, and on tho
evening or afternoon of the 22d, and I think
within two or three hours after I had seen him,
I wrote him a note.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. We will not have
the contents of that note unless it is ruled 111.
The Witness. I paused, sir, that you might
object.
By Mr. Cuhtis :
Question. Stating the result of that examin-
ation ?
Answer. Stating the result of that examina-
tion.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Whatever was in
that note, you will not state it.
The Witxess. That was all the contents.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Nothing will be
stated unless the Senate rules it in.
By Mr. Ccrtis :
Question. You wrote liim a note on this
subject?
Answer. I wrote him a note on this subject,
and on the following Monday or Tuesday, this
being Saturday, I met Mr. Cox, who was the
counsel of the President, as I understood, and
in consultation with him 1 communieatcd to
liim the conclusions to which I had arrived in
the course of my examination 011 the Saturday
previous, and we, having come to the same
; conclusion, agreed to conduct the case together
I in harmony with a view of accomplishing the
i contemplated result of'gcttingitto the Supreme
] Court on a habeas corpus.
Question. State now anything which you
and Mr. Cox did for the purpose of accom-
plishing that result?
Answer. Having formed our plan of pro-
ceeding, we went into court on the day on
which, according to the bond, General Thomas
was to appear before Judge Cartter at cham-
! bers.
I Mr. JOHNSON. What day was that?
The Witxess. That was, I think, on Wednes-
day, the 26th, if I am not mistaken. Shall I
state what transpired?
Mr. CURTIS. Yes, so far as it regards
your acts.
Mr, Manager BUTLER. I respectfully sub-
mit once again, Mr. President, that the acts of
Geueral Thomas's counsel under the direction
of the Attorney General, after the President
was impeached, cannot be put in evidence.
The Witness, (to counsel.) Will you allow:
me to make a correction?
Mr. CURTIS and Mr. EVARTS, Certainly.
The Witness. You asked when I riextcamc
in contact with any one representing the Pres-
ident. I should have stated that on Tuesday
night, by appointment, 1 had an interview with
the Attorney General upon the subject of this
case and the proceedings to be taken otr the
following day.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I do not see that
that alters the question, which I desire may be
reduced to writing, if it is ever to be done, be-
fore I argue it; because I have argued one or
two questions here, and then another question
appeared whenitcame to be reduced to writing.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The counsel will
please reduce their question to writing.
The question was reduced to writing, and
read by the Secretary, as follows:
What, if anything, did you andMr.Coxdoin refer-
ence to accomplishing the result you have spoken of?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Does that include
what was done in court?
Mr. CURTIS. It iucludes what was done
by the chief justice as a magistrate or in court,
if it is so termed.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I suppose that that
must be termed a court.
Mr. EVARTS. It is the same question which
was put to the other witness.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. No; it is another
person.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Does the Manager
object to the question as proposed ?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Yes, sir.
The CHIEF J USTICE. The Chief Justice
thinks it is competent, but ho will put the
question to the Senate if any Senator desires
it. [After a pause, to the witness.] Answer
tho question.
The Witxess, (to the Secretary.) Read me
the question.
The Secretary read the question.
The Witxess. To answer that question it
is necessary that I should state what transpired
before the judge at chambers and iu court 011
Wednesday ; for all that we did was done to
accomplish that result.
Mr. CURTIS. Go on.
The Witness. Shall I state it?
Mr. CURTIS. Yes.
Answer. We went into the room in the City
Hall in which the criminal court holds its ses-
sion in tho morning. Chief Justice Cartter was
then holding the term of the criminal court,
and the criminal court was regularly opened.
After some business in the criminal court
was discharged the chief justice announced
that he was ready to hear the case of General
Thomas. The question was then suggested
whether it was to be heard in chambers or
before the court. The chief justice said he
would hoar it as at chambers, the criminal
court not having then been adjourned. The
case was thereupon called up. The counsel
appearing for Mr. Stanton or for the Govern-
ment, Messrs. Carpenter and Riddle, moved
that the case be continued or postponed until
the following day on the ground of the abscnce
of one or two witnesses, I think, and on the
additional pica of Mr. Carpenter's indisposi-
tion. To that motion, after consultation with
my associate, Mr. Cox, and Mr. Joseph H.
Bradley, who appeared in person advisory
counsel for General Thomas, I rose and ob-
jected to the postponement, stating that I was
constrained to object, notwithstanding the plea
of personal indisposition, to which I always
yielded; but I objected now for the reason that
this was a case involving a question of great
