1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1289
to war upon the Government, which he had no
right to do, whether the State seceded or did
not secede, it was the Government, then, of
the United States that my colleague wished
to protect, as far as it could be protected by
keeping his sou from engaging in the traitor-
ous enterprise which was then going on. He
tells him almost in words, " What you propose
to do is illegal, because it is to war against your
Government, What you propose to do cannot
be excusable, not only because your State con-
tinues to be one of the States of the Union,
but because it is treasonable against the Gov-
ernment composed of all the States of the
Union. The act which you are about to per-
petrate is, in my judgment, treason against, the
United States, and 1 implore you to desist."
The appeal was in vain, as we know. The boy
went.
Now, Mr. President, I have said all that I
propose to say in relation to the advance of the
$100 and the conduct of the father in not dis-
closing the purpose of his son. I deem it
unnecessary to say more, if 1 was able to say
more, because the honorable member from
Ohio, [Mr. biiekmax,] and one or two other
members of 1he Senate have told us that they
see nothing in the advance of the $100 and the
concealment of the purpose of the son which
should deny to my colleague his right of admis-
sion into this Chamber.
Now let me, as briefly as I can, refer to the
other facts, and the evidence relied upon in
support of them, upon which his right to ad-
mission is denied. In the first place, before
the 12th of December, I860, my colleague was
in his bureau in this capital discharging legally
and honorably and ably the duties of Commis-
sioner of Patents. No evidence has been
given, and I am sure that none could have been
obtained, to show that he participated at all
in any conspiracy, if there was a conspiracy
formed in this city or elsewhere, looking to the
organization of the rebellion. He, in the strict
discharge of his duty, without suspicion upon
the pait of citizen or of Government, was
there from the time when the horizon became
darkened with the clouds which afterward
broke upon us with such destructive fury, dis-
charging every obligation as a man of honor
and of intelligence. The Secretary of the
Treasury at that time was Mr. Cobb, between
whom and my colleague there was no intimacy
whatever. He had—I will not charge it to
have been done with a view to the rebellion,
for I do not so know—depleted the Treasury,
and after it was depleted resigned his office as
Secretary of the Treasury. Without seeking
it, without any knowledge that the President
contemplated offering it, the place was ten-
dered to my colleague, and he accepted it.
What for? For a criminal purpose? To assist
in the levying of war upon the United States?
To encourage and aid those who might there-
after be found engaged in such a crime ? Let
his conduct give the answer.
He took the oath of office on the 12th of
December, 18C0. The interest upon the pub-
lic debt of the United States was to fall due
on the 1st of the succeeding .January, less
than*a month. All who were acquainted with
the actual condition of things were alarmed
lest the credit of the Government should al-
most be fatally destroyed, just upon the break-
ing out of a rebellion which then seemed to be
imminent, by the failure to meet its engage-
ments on the 1st of January; and no man can
tell what would have been the consequence of
such a thing. It is difficult to imagine to what
extent the public credit would have been de-
stroyed, and how injurious, if not fatal, the
destruction of that credit, which would have
been the consequence, would have been to the
cause of the Union. What did he do—traitor
in heart, as is alleged; false to his dttty to the
Government, as is alleged; a party to the con-
spiracy out of which the war grew? What was
his first act? Upon ascertaining the actual
condition of the Treasury, and finding that
there were no means there to meet the engage-
ments to mature on the 1st of January, and
learning from the Assistant Treasurer in New
York that he had then in his hands actually
some million and a half of money upon which
drafts had been drawn in favor of disbursing
agents, he wrote to him to know, apprehend-
ing that he might not be able to get funds in
time to meet the exigency, whether he could
not with propriety U3e the fund alluded to.
He was so solicitous to save the public, faith
that he suggested to the Assistant Treasurer:
"You have so much money in your bands, an
amount sufficient to meet the payment of the inter-
est on tho public debt; it is true that drafts have
been drawn upon tho faith of it; but cannot I, in
Older tos,ave the national honor, use the money, and
afterward return it our, of funds which I hope to be
able to laise, by loan or otherwise V"
The Assistant Treasurer told him he could
not; and in that ho was legally correct.
What next? Application was made to Con-
gress for authority to negotiate a loan of
$10,000,000. An act was passed at once giv-
ing the authority. It came into his hands on
the evening of the day of its passage ; and on
the next morning—as early a period as possi-
ble—he advertised for $.3,000,000 of the loan,
a sum adequate for his purpose, and it was
obtained in time, obtained through him. He
might, if he had been the man he is repre-
sented here, have delayed the issuing of pro-
posals for one or two or three days. He
might Lave refused to take the offers. They
were exorbitant; the lenders exacted an in-
terest of twelve per cent.; and ho might well
have said, as Mr. Cisco has said in the evidence,
a part of which has been read by my honor-
able friend from Illinois, that it was exorbi-
tant. But, sensibly alive to the honor of the
nation, determined at almost any sacrifice to
do all that ho could to maintain it, he accepted
tho bid; and on the 1st of .January, 18(11, out
of the proceeds of the loan, the interest matur-
ing on that day was met.
Does this conduct show any purpose to assist
those who were supposed at that time to be
engaged in levying war upon the United States,
to encourage or aid those who at that time, in
his opinion, may have intended thereafter to
levy war upon the United States? Unques-
tionably not. He sins against proof, in my
judgment, who atlixes to such conduct any
other interpretation than that of a loyal and
patriotic motive.
What next did he do? Soon after the nego-
tiation of that loan some gentlemen from New
York, naturally, I suppose, somewhat suspi-
cious of Mr. Thomas because of his southern
origin, although they had obtained a loan at the
extravagant rate of twelve per cent., out of
which they made hundreds of thousands of
dollars, came to Washington, obtained an in-
terview with the President, and alarmed him
by telling him that as long as my colleague re-
mained at the head of the Treasury the Gov-
ernment would be unable to obtain funds. The
interview became known to him, and then, as
a man of honor, as he tells us in the testimony,
he informed the President that if his character
is virtually to be assailed by persons admitted
by him to an interview and doubts are to be
cast upon his integrity as Secretary he resigns
the office. Mr. President, I honor instead of
censuring him for such conduct.
Then he resigned—when? On the 11th of
January, 18G1. Now, say honorable members,
although there is nothing in what he had done
prior to tho 11th of January proving, but, oil
the contrary, there may be everything in his
antecedent conduct disproving, the charge of
disloyalty, the charge is made good by the
terms of his letter of resignation. What are
they? The letter is dated on the 11th of Jan-
uary, 1861. He states in the first clause of
the letter, substantially, "Not being able to
agree with you in the measures which you
have adopted in relation to South Carolina,
and not being able to agree that the revenue
of the Government can be collected on board
ship, I resign/ ' Let me speak first of the last
clause. The laws of the United States at that
time, and now, gave no authority to collect
revenue except at certain specified places on
land, and no President or Secretary would now'
be at liberty, but, on the contrary, would
offend against the express provisions of the
statute if he undertook, to collect them any-
where else. What, then, did Mr. Thomas
suppose? Whether he was mistaken' Or not ia
not the question. Whether he was not hon«st
in his opinion is the question. What did he
suppose? That without additional.legislation
he, as Secretary of the Treasury, would have
no authority to enforce collections anywhere
else or on ship-board.
Was that an opinion then for the first time
stated by the Secretary of the Treasury to the
Government? When South Carolina passed
her ordinance of nullification, and that man
of iron'mold was the President of the United
States, and surrounded by a Cabinet who par-
took very much of the same character, it was
not thought that they had the authority to col-
lect the imposts, which might otherwise be
collected at the port of Charleston and in some
of the other ports of South Carolina which
were made ports of entry, on ship-board,
unless Congress would authorize it; and they
passed a statute for that purpose. Everything
that was done during that period in relation to
the collection of the revenue outside of the
city was done, and done exclusively, under the
authority of that legislation.
But that is not all. When this war broke
forth and assumed the startling dimensions
which alarmed the country and astounded the
world, when it became necessary that the
Government should collect all tho revenue
possible, at a time when Mr. Lincoln became
the President of the United States, and was
surrounded by men who claimed to bo almost
exclusively loyal, they thought the revenue
could not be collected on board ship except
under the authority of an act of Congress ; and
such an act was passed.
Then, sir, it would be cruelly unjust to assign
any dishonorable motive, any traitorous motive
to my colleague because he said he was unable
to agree with the administration that the duties
or imposts might be collected on board ship,
unless gentlemen are willing to charge Jack-
son and his administration with a dishonest
and traitorous purpose, or Mr. Lincoln and
his Administration with a like purpose, in en-
tertaining precisely the same opinion.
Now, what is the other clause in the letter?
I am by no means sure that the honorable
member from Maine [Mr. Fessexdex] has not
correctly construed that part of the letter;
whether it is not to be taken in connection with
the second branch of it, and whether it does not
all relate exclusively to the authority to collect
revenue. But, for the sake of the argument,
suppose that my friend from Maine is, in that
particular, mistaken. What was the state of
things on the 11th of January, 1861? There
was no war in any sense which I have heard
imputed to that term. There was an insurrec-
tion in part which threatened to culminate into
war; but not a gun had been fired except in
the particulcr to which I shall advert in a mo-
ment. Major Anderson, whosename can never
be mentioned but in honor as a brave and pat-
riotic soldier, who stood by the flag of his coun-
try until he was nearly burnt up in the effort to
maintain it, and is suffering now from the gal-
lantry and indomitable courage he displayed
upon the occasion, was at Sumter with a few
men. Mr. Buchanan, by a policy which I for-
bear to characterize as I think it should be
characterized, because he is an old man and
has rendered service to the country, by a .pol-
icy of imbecility and inactivity had permitted
the authorities of the State of South Carolma
to encircle Sumter with a range of forts. He
permitted them from day to day, without any
resistance to gird Sumter whenever they should
think proper to use their power, with a circle
of fire. The small but glorious garrison were
not only unable to resist by force of arms, but
they were in a starving condition. Mr. Bu-
chanan had received—an act for which I think
he deserved reprehension—commissioners from
South Carolina, and he entered into an Irigage-
