1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2263
appropriation bill and this bill extending the
charter of the city of Washington.
Mr. DRAKE. The relative urgency ?
Mr. HARLAN. Yes; I stand corrected—
the relative urgency. Mr. President, I sup-
pose not one dollar in the pending appropria-
tion bill will be available before the 80th of
June next. Itisnotthe appropriation of money
needed now to defray the expenses of the Navy ;
it is an appropriation of money that will be
needed during the coming fiscal year. As has
been explained by some members of the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, the charter
of the city of Washington expires before the
30th of June, to which day the present fiscal
year extends. It expires in the middle of
May, and hence legislation is urgent, for we
have now nearly reached the middle of April.
It is also important that it should be disposed
of now, because day after to-morrow, and how
many succeeding days cannot be stated with
accuracy, the attention of the Senate will be
absorbed with grave matters that cannot well
be evaded ; and then the many measures that
have been imperatively delayed will be forced
upon our attention, and the Senate will be
oppressed with its accumulated business. This
bill is before the Senate, and I trust it will be
disposed of while it is here and understood.
Dispose of it now, and the time of the Senate
will be economized.
It may delay for a few minutes the naval
appropriation bill, but they can both be acted
upon to day. The appropriation bill will cer-
tainly not fail, and it would not be injuriously
affected by a little delay. During the twelve
or thirteen years that I have been honored with
B seat on this floor I have never known more
than one appropriation bill fail. These con-
siderations I trust will induce the Senate to
continue the consideration of this bill and to
pass it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on postponing the unfinished business
for the purpose of continuing the consideration
of the bill that was before the Senate, on which
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 17 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cattell, Chandler, Conkling, Con-
ness, Dixon, Doolittle, Drake, Edmunds, l?reling-
huysen, Harlan, Henderson, Howard, Morgan, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Nye, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sprague. Sumner, Thayer, Tipton,
Wade, Willey, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalcw, Cole, Cragin,
Davis, Grimes, Hendricks, Howe, Johnson. MeCreery,
Morrill of Maine, Patterson of Tennessee, Iloss, Sauls-
burv, Sherman, Trumbull, and Van Winkle—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cameron,Corbett.Forry,
Fessenden. Fowler, Morton, Norton. Stewart, and
Vickers—10.
So the motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I have no doubt
that the majority of the Senate are joined to
their idols, and I think for myself I will leave
them alone, that they may work out th^ir own
deliverance. [Laughter.]
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to
the Senator who introduced the am
what is meant by the first proviso on the second
page? I ask the Secretary to read it.
The Secretary read as follows :
Provided, That when so assembled they may abol-
ish any of the otfices now established, not eleetivoby
the voters of the city, or change the duties connected
therewith, or the compensation thereof, as thoymay
deem proper or necessary for the interests of said
city.
Mr. GRIMES. I want to inquire whether
it is intended to create a third legislative as-
sembly that shall have control of the power to
legislate as to offices, create new ones, abolish
old ones, fix the compensation that each of
these officers shall receive, &c. ?
Mr. HARLAN. I do not think it was the
intention of the framers of the bill to confer
that power on the aldermen and councilmen
when in joint convention. This amendment,
I ought to remark, is the substance of a bill
that has passed the House of Representatives.
If my colleague thinks the bill subject to the
objection which he has intimated I will move
t their own
i inqui^of
amendma^^
to amend the amendment by striking out that
proviso.
Mr. SUMNER. I doubt whether it can be
subject to that objection.
_ Mr. GRIMES. Let us hear your explana-
tion of it.
Mr. SUMNER. The explanation I find in
the text of the bill, which I will read. Here is
a provision for a meeting of the board of alder-
men and the board of common council in joint
convention on a particular day to select by
ballot officers who are now appointed by the
mayor. Then follows the proviso :
That when so assembled they may abolish any of
the offices now established-
Mark the qualification:
not elective by the voters of the city.
That is, offices that are municipal in their
character and created, as I understand, by
municipal ordinance.
Mr. GRIMES. Now, I want to know how
they can abolish an office, unless it be a legis-
lative-act when they get together? The bill
goes on and provides that this convention when
it assembles, composed as it is of the two
branches of the councils, may elect certain offi-
cers that are now subject to appointment by
the mayor and confirmed by one of the branches
of the councils. Under the bill that is now
under consideration, if enacted into a law,
they will have the power when thus assembled
to abolish the office, to define new duties, to
declare that a man who is now comptroller
shall also be treasurer, or vice versa, or they
may fix his compensation, increase itordimin-
isli it. What I want to know is whether the
capacity to do that is not a legislative capacity,
and whether it was the purpose of the Senator
from Massachusetts to create a third legisla-
tive assembly ?
Mr. SUMNER. In reply to that I will say
that I have no special purpose on the subject.
I find this clause in the bill as it came from
the House of Representatives, having already
passed that body, and T understand that it was
drawn by gentlemen of the District who are
particularly interested in the subject and
familiar with the operations of the Govern-
ment.
I then come to the next question of the Sen-
ator, as to whether this is not creating what he
calls a third branch, and investing it with legis-
lative powers. The Senate will see that it
confers upon the boards when in joint conven-
tion poweis which are sometimes exercised by
the two boards apart.
Mr. GRIMES. How? Where?
Mr. SUMNER. A city ordinance usually
passes first one body and then the other, and
then is signed by the mayor, precisely as an
act of Congress passes first one House and
then the other, and is signed by the President.
But, so far as 1 understand this proviso, it
would vest in the joint convention the power
of abolishing certain offices that are not elect-
ive by the people. The Senator will see that
they are offices that are minor in their charac-
ter, purely municipal, and that it simply in-
trusts to this jointconvention, when assembled
as a joint convention, the power to regulate
these offices by abolishing them or by chang-
ing their duties. 1 do not see any harm to
come from it; but if the Senator sees harm,
and if he really thinks it would be better to
throw that overboard, I shall have no objec-
tion, particularly as I find his colleague, the
chairman of the" committee, seems to have no
objection to that course.
'Mr. NYE. As I understand, there are many
officers appointed now who are not authorized
by law. For instance, the law provides that
there shall be a city surveyor appointed by the
city in a certain way, and the law provides
that he shall be elected at the annual election.
There was one elected, and immediately the
board of aldermen convened and appointed
another, who has superseded the person elected
according to law, and who has been doing the
duties ever since. The object of this provision
was to authorize this board to abolish that kind
of office where it has been created without
color and authority of law. # That) I presume,
was the intention. That there are several such
cases I suppose is not to be questioned.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I approve of the object
of this measure so far as it appears on its "face,
and that is, to place the corporation of the city
of Washington, with reference to the election
of officers, precisely on the same foundation
that all others I know of are placed now. It
will place it upon the same foundation that it
is placed in my own city. The city officers,
municipal officers, minor officers, are elected
ordinarily in all cities by the two bodies form-
i ing the city legislature in convention. They
j generally meet in convention to elect the minor
j officers. The provision of this bill is simply
that, no more, the two branches of the legisla-
ture of the city shall meet in convention to
choose the officers, and they may choose whom
they please; and if they please to select or
elect a colored man, very well; they have a
right to do it as the provision stands, and I
have no objection to giving them the power. I
prefer that it should be made so far democratic
as other municipal legislatures are. I see no
objection to that; but I do object to the pro-
viso. It is not part of the measure properly;
it changes the whole system; it puts legislative
power into the hands of a convention which
is not done in any other place that I know of.
I hope the Senator will himself move to strike
it out.
Mr. SUMNER. If any Senator criticises
it, so far as I am concerned I will abandon it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will
strike that out I see no objection to his amend-
ment.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; I will consent
that it shall go out.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the proviso described by
my colleague.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The words
proposed to be stricken out will be read.
The Secretary read as follows :
Provided, That when so assembled they may abol-
ish any of the offices now established not elective by
the votersof the city, or change the duties connected
therewith, or the compensation thereof, as they may
deem proper or necessary for the interests of said
city.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, the bill
before the Senate is, of course, unobjection-
able, and its passage may be necessary, as the
charter expires, I am informed, next month,
and an election is to be held in June, prepara-
tory to which a registration is to be taken
under the existing law. But I should like to
know what necessity there is for the fourth
section of this amendment. It is certainly a
novelty in legislation. I never recollect hear-
ing any provision of the kind, here or else-
where, in the legislation of Congress or in the
legislation of the States, for the selection of a
financial depository of the moneys of the city.
Such selection everywhere is made by some
executive officer, and very properly so—some
officer who is held responsible for the exercise
of the discretion placed upon him, and who
may be punished for any corrupt exercise of
his power. Here, sir, you propose to put the
selection of a financial depository for the Dis-
trict of Columbia into the control of a caucus
—a caucus of the city councils. This invites,
certainly, to corrupt combination. I am not
speaking so much of the particular case here
as of the mode of transacting public business,
by which, where there is a competition among
moneyed men or among moneyed institutions,
they will be invited to use their funds for the
purpose of controlling caucus nominations. It
is certainly a very bad and a very dangerous
system which is proposed here.. There has
been no suggestion that the chief executive
officer selects an improper or an unsafe bank.
If he is exercising his powers in a doubtful
manner there is, doubtless, a remedy ; the
councils may, in some way, cheek or direct
him, or the people have a remedy in their own
hands by selecting a different mayor. But,
