1240
THS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB
February 19^
Xff! ^ t!lf!n,tllat no additional me
Sunrter °Aft 1 t^uld be thrown int0 Fort'
Sumter. After that it was propos
effort should be made to reenfcrce it, at least
St ?a°tKS1°inS' ^ Sen-diDg tLe Star ^ the
inntrtw^;aT-°StalVln¥an'ison- IsPeak
m part what I know when I say that the then
fhl it Xenerated chief °f the armies of
United States was opposed to the move-
ment. He thought it an enterprise certain to
tail and certain to involve all engaged in it in
destruction. He ridiculed, as far as he conld
consistently with the respect which he owed
to the President of the United States, the raak-
lnfr? suc" an attempt; and he was not alone.
lhere were many men here and in New York
loyal throughout the war, when the war com-
cferl?e?-!n ^act! who looked upon it as
Scott did. Mr. Lincoln himself, in the begin-
nlng> gave no countenance to it. The first
purpose was to send the Brooklyn, a vessel of
war, which it was thought might be able to
-^ftand the cannon of the enemy; but she
had left our waters and could not be obtained.
The Star of the West was an unarmed steamer,
a wooden steamer, through which every ball
fired from the forts which she would be com-
pelled to pass would go; and her sinking, there-
fore, _was just as certain as anything could be
certain if she made the attempt.
Mr. Thomas, if that part of the
letter referred to that particular effort? "I
cannot agree with you. I think it was wrong;
I think it was ill-judged ; I think it was cruel
to subject loyal citizens of the United States
to certain destruction. You have an under-
standing, it,is said,"that the fort shall be left
in the condition in which it was, without aid
of any kind, either of provisions or of men.
Peace yet is possible. All hope is got lost.
Measures may yet be adopted which will pre-
vent the effusion 6f blood spilled in a conflict
between men of the same race and men of the
same country, between men who, in many in-
stances, will be found to stand in the relation
of father to son and brother to brother. I am
opposed, therefore, to any measure which in
any way may throw additional difficulties in
the. way of the restoration of harmony, and I
leave your Cabinet."
, What did he do when he left the Cabinet?
The honorable Senator from Indiana supposes
that he left the Cabinet with a view to encour-
age the enemy. There was no enemy, in the
proper sense of that term, at that time. There
were some persons in insurrection in South
Carolina; no other State had seceded. No
other State had raised an arm through any one
of its citizens. The road to compromise was still
open ; and to compromise such a threatened
struggle was at that moment a purpose dear to
the heart of every true American citizen. What
did Mr. Thomas do? Did he go to South Car-
olina? To nowhere else could he have gone
for going to which he could be charged with dis-
loyalty. No, sir;_ he went to his retired home
on the Eastern Shore of Maryland, and there
he remained a calm but solicitous observer of
the war. The unhappiness which was special-
ly his was caused exclusively by the traitor-
ous design of a son to leave his home and
engage in the war. He was willing to await
the conflict of arms, at an ago when he could not
well have engaged in any military service. He
neither raised an arm nor spoke a word cal-
culated to encourage the rebellion, nor did an
act of that kind, unless that act is to be found
in the giving of the §100 to which I have re-
ferred, and which my friend from Ohio says
' amounts to nothing. Did he want to aid and
encourage the rebellion, to assist in the levy-
ing of war which was then looming in advance ?
Is he a man of intelligence ? All who know
him knot? that he is. Is he a man of firmness ?
All who know him will testify that he is. And
being a man of intelligence and of firmness, if
he had not been a man of honor, desiring the
destruction of the Union, he, instead of re-
signing his office, would have remained in it
and thrown, as he would have been able to
throw, many difficulties in the way of the Pres-
ident. But he said, "I can do no such thing;
if I cannot assist you in your policy, I tell you
frankly I will not stay in your way ; I leave the
important office so vital to the prosecution of
the war upon the part of the Union, should
war ensue, that you may place somebody in
my stead, who will be able to assist you, and
aid in the prosecution of the war;'' and that
he did.
But, sir, what else did he do 1 While this
man of alleged traitorous purpose was Secre-
tary of the Treasury what did he do besides
negotiating a loan and saving the honor of the
Government? There was a cutter belonging
to the revenue service posted at Charleston,
commanded by a captain in that service named
Cost6 ; and on the 29th of December, 1860, my
colleague, then being the Secretary of the
Treasury, was advised that Cost6 had surren-
dered his vessel to the authorities of South
Carolina, by his sending to him his letter of
resignation of the office that he held under the
United States. Upon the receipt of that letter
my colleague issued the following order:
Treasury Department, December 29,1860.
A letter from N. L. Coste, tendering hia resigna-
tion as a captain in the rovenuc-cuttor sorvieo of the
United States, having this clay been roeoived at tho
Department, it is hereby dirocted, in view of the cir-
cumstances connected therewith, that the same bo
not acccpted, but that tho name of N. L. Cost6 be at
one© stricken from the rolls of said service, and hia
commission thereby vacated.
PHILIP F. THOMAS,
Secretary of the Treasury,
He says that his resignation, under the circum-
stances in which ho tenders it, cannot be ac-
cepted, and that his name, bceauseofhis resign-
ing under such circumstances, should be stricken
in dishonor from the rolls. This is the supposed
traitor I^ Why, Mr. President, it is admirably
in keeping with the order afterward issued by
his successor, General Dix, which directed a
person having control of some of the vessels
of the United States on the waters of the Mis-
sissippi, when he was informed that the flag
would be hauled down by the captain of one
of those vessels, if such an attempt was made,
to shoot him on the spot. The two speak their
own loyalty. The one said, "Abandoning his
command and surrendering the ship to the in-
surrectionists is sufficient to make me, as Sec-
retary of the Treasury, refuse his resignation
and to dismiss him from the service;" the
other, w'ho was able to go a little further,
directed the person who might see an attempt
made to tear down the flag of the Union to
shoot the party making the attempt on the
spot. Was Dix disloyal in the giving of this
order? And if he was not, why, in the name
of common sense and of charity, is it that we
can impeach the loyalty of my colleague? It
is said now that he wanted the rebellion to
succeed. It was a strange mode he resorted
to_ to accomplish his purpose when he dis-
missed from command, as a dishonor to the
service of the Union, a man who undertook to
lower his flag or to surrender to those who were
engaged in resisting the rightful authority of
the United States.
But, Mr. President, I have a word to say as
bearing upon the particular question with which
I am now dealing. War was flagrant, say
honorable Senators, on the 11th of January,
18G1; my colleague, having abandoned his office
on the 11th of January, encouraged those who
engaged in it. What was done by others?
You know, Mr. President, the country knows,
it was a fact which caused the most lively
sensibility and solicitude throughout the entire
land, that Virginia, " faithful among the faith-
less found" during all the antecedent wars,
looking to the contingency of such a war as
afterward broke out, desirous if possible to
arrest the movement, proposed a convention
of the States to be held in this city; and the
invitation which came from her was accepted
by twenty-two States. What did they do?
When did they meet? They met on the 4th
of February, 1861, nearly a month after Mi\
Thomas's resignation. They continued in ses-
sion until the 27th, and on that day commu-
nicated to Congress the result, of that conven-
tion. I have not time to trouble the Senate
with reading the several amendments which
they proposed to the Constitution of the United
States. It is sufficient for my purpose to say
that one of them looked to making what was
called the compromise agreed on by them a
constitutional provision; another, in order still
more to secure the rights which the States of
the South supposed they had, was to prohibit
the obtaining of any territory other than that
then belonging to the United States, unless it
was done by a majority of all the votes of all
the Senators from each section, North and
South, There were one or two others to which
it is immaterial to refer. Did the members
of that convention suppose that by suggesting
provisions of that sort it would be alleged as
against them that they were aiding and encour-
aging the movements of South Carolina? That
would be gross injustice. My honorable friend
who sits near me [Mr. Morbill, of Maine] was
one of that convention, and I am*sure he will
do the members of that convention, his associ-
ates upon that occasion, the justice to say that
for the most part they manifested throughout
an anxious desire to preserve the peace of the
country; that they had no view whatever of
encouraging disloyalty, but that their sole pur-
pose was to obviate, if possible, without seri-
ously affecting the character of the Govern-
ment, the contingency which it was supposed
might occur of a war between the people of the
United States.
But that is not all. What did Kentucky do
in a convention of her sons, or rather in a
meeting of some of the most intelligent and
patriotic of her people ? What did Kentucky
do after the war commenced? President Lin-
coln made his call for seventy-five thousand
men in April, 1861. The mistake that he made,
as I thought then and think now, was that he
did not call for four or five hundred thousand ;
but that is immaterial now. He was unable
to anticipate—what seemed to me to be inev-
itable, and what the very distinguished soldier
who has thrown so mueh credit upon the mili-
tary renown of the United States, the brother
of the honorable member from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman,] thought—that the war would as-
sume a dimension much greater than seemed
to be imagined by the authorities in Washing-
ton. Mr. Lincoln called for seventy-five thou-
sand'men. He apportioned that number among
the States, and appealed to Kentucky, among
the other States, for her quota; and now 1
wiy read to the Senate a few sentences from
an address issued by som£ of the leading men
of Kentucky at that time to the people of that
State:
"Kentucky could not comply with the appeal of
thegovernment without outraging her solemn con-
„ X and. Without trampling upon that
natural sympathy with the seceding States which
Sf-wV^r contempt for her interests nor their
disloyalty to the Union has sufficed to extinguish."
, . , . , The present duty of Kentucky
t 'uPS86?? independent position,
+S c? 7 i erninent and not with
frS ^ States, but with union against them
tre-jm nf iftlhS? v1 to be saered the hostile
tread ot cither, and, if necessary, making the decla-
ration good with her strong right arm. And to tho
sho may be fully prepared for this last eon-
w!! f/??y ant? other possible contingencies it©
would have her arm herself thoroughly at the e&!ie«i
practicable moment. What the future duty of k!£-
tucky may be we, of course, cannot with certnintv
famatfon of Ik p enf§rpr,ise,1announced in the proc-
lamation of the President should at any time here-
after assume the aspect of a war for the bvenunniS
and subjugation of the seceding States through th«
that Kentn/ l-v ^Cori-e«we do not hesitate to say
in beha?f of wh ^mP(romptAy unfheathc her sword
mon cause?' aVe then boo<"*6 <=om-
;  hm°iDg °th®r names appended to this address
thil ri i0re n?am/? of our late associate in
this Chamber, Mr. Guthrie, and the name of
it '■+ j S ' ? the Attorney General of the
U.nited States, both of them loyal afterward
■throughout the war; and yet in April, 1861,
after the call was made by the President for
seventy-live thousand men, you see what the
determination of the State of Kentucky was.
blie declared her soil to be neutral and dared
the government to violate her neutrality—J
