4312
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July S52;
iaiuin, Blackburn, Blaine Bowen, Burr, Roderick
It. Butler, Cake, Chanler, Cornell. Dodge, Farns-
worth, Finnoy, Fox, French, (Joss, Halscy, Harding,
Hcaton, Hooper, Asahcl W. Hubbard, Kiehard I>.
Hubbard, Humphrey, Julian, Kitchen, Lash, George
V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Lynch, Marvin, McCarthy,
McCormick, McCullough, Morris&ey, Mungon, Now-
«>mb, Newsham, Nunn, Paine, Phelps, Plants, Price,
Pruyn, Raum,Robinson,Hoots, Selye.Shellabarger,
Sitgreaves, Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens, Stone,
Sypher, John Trimble, Robert T. Van Horn, Vidal,
CadwaladerC. Washburn, Whittcmore, Thomas Wil-
liams, James F. Wilson, Windom and Wood—68.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. SCHBNCK. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill v^as passed; and also
move that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. On laying on the table
the motion to reconsider I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to reconsider was laid on the
table, there being—ayes seventy-seven, noes
not counted.
CONTESTED ELECTION HOGAN VS. TILE.
Mr. COOK. I now call up the Missouri
contested-election case of Hogan vs. Pile.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move the
House adjourn, as this case will now come up
the first thing in the morning.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at ten o'clock and fifteen minutes p. in.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS.
'Hie following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees :
By Mr. GROVER: The petition of William
Mangum, for additional compensation as major
of the eleventh Kentucky volunteers.
By Mr. O'NEILL: The petition and papers
of John Carrigan, asking for pay as second
lieutenant company A first New Jersey artil-
lery, from February 10 to March 10, 18G5.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of officers
of the Army, praying Congress to pass Gen-
eral Schhnck's bill to fix and equalize the pay
of officers, and to establish the pay of enlisted
soldiers of the Army.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, July 22, 1808.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, jD. D.
On motion of Mr. FERRY, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter of the Secretary of War,
communicating a letter from Brevet Major
General A. B. Dyer, chief of ordnance, asking
a trial by court-martial for offenses imputed to
him in a report made to Congress by the joint
Committee on Ordnance; which was referred
to the joint Committee on Ordnance, and
ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had agreed to the reportof the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 1841)
making appropriations and to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the service of the
Government for the fiscal year ending June 30,
18G8, and for other purposes.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the bill (S. No. 207) for
funding the national debt and for the conver-
sion of the notes of the United States, with
amendments, in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILL SIONED.
The message also announced that the Speaker'
of the House had signed the enrolled bill (H.
R. No. 1341) making appropriations and to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the service of the Government for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1868, and for other pur-
poses; and it was thereupon signed by the
President pro tempore of the Senate.
SENATORS FROM SOOTH CAROLINA.
Mr. WILSON presented the credentials of
Hon. Thomas "J. Robertson, elected by the
Legislature of South Carolina a Senator from
that State for the term ending March 3, 1871 ;
and of Hon. Frederick A. Sawyer, elected
by the Legislature of South Carolina a Sena-
tor from that State for the term ending March
3, 1873.
The credentials were read.
Mr. HOWARD. As to one of the gentle-
men named in those credentials, Mr. Sawyer,
I hold in my hand a remonstrance signed by
about a dozen members of the Legislature of
South Carolina, protesting against his being
allowed to take his seat in this body, and mak-
ing various statements tending to show that
in their opinion he is not entitled to the seat.
I also have affidavits and various other papers
which tend to establish that objection. There
seems to bo a good deal of opposition to allow-
ing Mr. Sawyer to take the oath, even if he be
ready to do so ; and I think that in fairness to
all parties the credentials ought to be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary with instruc-
tions to make investigation, and with authority
to send for persons and papers. I think the
public good will be promoted by such a refer-
ence. I therefore beg leave to present the
protest of which I spoke, together with the affi-
davits, with a view to have them referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
I also present a letter from the clerk of the
senate of South Carolina showing that certain
members whose seats were contested, the con-
test not being yet settled at the time of the
election, voted for Mr. Sawyer. How much
that may be worth I do not undertake to say;
but I beg to present these papers, and move
that the credentials be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary with power to send for
persons and papers.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the credentials of Mr. Sawyer, Senator-
elect from South Carolina, together with the
accompanying papers, be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary with power to send for
persons and papers.
Mr. POMEROY. I notice that the creden-
tials of the two Senators are together. I sup-
pose Mr. Robertson can be sworn in ?
Mr. HOWARD. I have no objection to
Mr. Robertson being sworn in.
Mr. POMEROY. I know nothing against
the other gentleman being sworn in myself;
but certainly 1 have no objection to the oath
being administered to Mr. Robertson.
Mr. HOWARD. There is no objection that
I am aware of to the oath being administered
to Mr. Robertson.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not know but that
the credentials of both being together they
would, under this motion, both have to go to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HOWE. The reference will result in a
protracted inquiry upon the question of ad-
mitting one of these Representatives from that
State.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to say, if the Senator
will allow me, that there is no objection to Mr.
Robertson taking the oath.
Mr. HOWE. But I say it will result in ex-
cluding for a long time, during a protracted
inquiry, one of the representatives from that
State. It is a long time since we have had the
advantage of any representative from the State
of South Carolina in these seats, and unless
there are grave reasons for doubting the pro-
priety of admitting the representatives now
sent to us, I would rather that we should no
longer forego the privilege of having the coun-
sels and aid of representatives from the State
of South Carolina.
The charges made against this gentleman I
have not listened to very carefully, for I was
employed at the time the Senator from Michi-
gan was stating them. I have heard something
of them outside, and have heard a good deal
said in reference to the character of Mr. Saw-
yer aud of his antecedents. The conviction
left upon my mind, after all I have heard, is
that we are extremely fortunate in the selec-
tion which has been made by the Legislature of
South Carolina in this instance. The evidence
submitted to me individually is such as leaves
me no room to doubt that we shall secure by
accepting Mr. Sawyer the services of a highly
cultivated, a thoroughly honest, and a thor-
oughly patriotic man. This conviction is
brought to my mind by the testimony outside
of that which has been read at your desk; but
I must once more submit to the Senate that
that testimony ought to be conclusive upon the
Senate.
The Legislature of South Carolina, which
you have recently by solemn act authorized to
choose two Senators to take their places here,
have selected this one out of all the citizens
of that State as the one they prefer. By your
laws he is required to take a certain oath.
Whether he can take it or not truthfully, I say
now, as I have said in other similar cases, I do
not know ; hut I wish to submit once more that
the only true way to determine whether he can
take it or not is to let him go to the desk and
tender the oath to him. Since no allegation ia
made against the age of this gentleman or his
citizenship, or any one of the constitutional
qualifications prescribed to Senators on this
floor, and since he has been chosen by a Legis-
lature authorized to make the choice and
authorized by this very Congress and only a
few days since, I think it is going altogether
too far for us to say now upon the protest of an
insignificant minority of the members of that
Legislature that this gentleman shall not be
allowed to take his seat pending this investiga-
tion. _ I respectfully insist that he ought to be
permitted to take the oath if he will, and take
his seat which is assigned to him by the Legis-
lature of the State and act as a Senator ; and
if it is said or believed that inquiry and invest-
igation might disclose reasons which would
authorize us to exclude him, I have no objec-
tion then to letting the credentials go to the
Committee on the Judiciary and letting that
investigation go on; but I think while that is
pending South Carolina ought to be repre-
sented.
Mr. HARLAN. I rise to make an inquiry
whether it would not be a privileged motion to
move that the other Senator-elect, Mr. Robert-
son, be admitted to take the oath. There
seems to be no objection to his being sworn in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
no objection to that. I do not know that this
motion contemplates an objection to his being
sworn in.
Mr. HOWARD. Not at all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is a
reference of the credentials that is proposed.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the other Sen-
ator-elect, Mr. Robertson, be permitted to take
the oath.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
•no objection to either of them, as I understand.
_ Mr. HARLAN. I prefer to act on one at a
time.
HOWARD. There is no objection to
Mr. Robertson being sworn in if he chooses
to be sworn in before this motion is disposed
of. I shall be quite willing that he shall be
sworn in.
Mr. POMEROY. I have had laid before
mo, as I suppose other Senators havef this
case, and I do not see enough in it to justify
a reference to a committee. 1 agree "with what
the Senator from Wisconsin says, that the
Legislature of the State of South Carolina,
Rowing all the facts that the Committee on
the Judiciary can know, have elected Mr. Saw-
the facts be as represented to me
on both sides, I can see no case in the world
inade out against him. I think both ought to
be sworn in.
Mr. FE1RRY. I should be opposed to the
reference of the credentials of Mr. Sawyer to
