3288
THE COXGBESSIOJS'AL GLOBE.
June 19>
froratho Missouri liver to the navigaldo^waters ofthe I
Saeramfmo river, in 0 ilitunit.i. by the 1st day of i
Jtilv. ISTfi. the whole of all -"id railroads before men- '
tioned and to bo constructed under the provisions of :
this net, together with .ill their furniture, fixtures, ,
rollim? stock, ma.ehine-shop-, lands, tenements, and .
hereditaments, mid pi opertyot every kind and char- :
aeter, shall be forfeited to and bo taiten possession ;
of by tiie United States." j
Here are tour distinct companies authorized ,
to build some parts of this work ; it is required
to be completed witliin a given time,' and if I
eaeh branch and the whole road shall not be
completed and operated within the time limited
the whole of the property of each and all the
companies is to be forfeited to the United
Slates. Under that law these companies did
just so much as was necessary for them to
claim that rights attached ; but as the Senator
from Vermont has very properly stated, neither
of these companies invested much money.
They did just so little as was piacticable in
order to secure the right to construct the road,
and came to Congress pointing out this dilli-
cult.y, among others, that it' one of these lour
companies should be in default at the end of
the time named, although each of the other
companies might complete its part of its work,
yet the companies not in default, as well the
company in delimit, would forfeit all the money
they had invested. They asked Congress to
remedy this defect, to remove this barrier.
They told us that they could not induce capital-
ists to invest money in this way, placing it
beyond the control of tiie company 111 which
the capital was to be invented. The Commit-
tee on the Pacilic Railroad attempted to cure
this among other defects which it is not neces-
sary for me to refer to 011 this occasion, by
providing first that eaeh and all of these com-
panies might consolidate, and in that way
become one company, so that the interests of
all should be merged in one organization, and
in that way, if possible, obviate this difficulty.
But as they supposed Congress had not the
power to compel these companies to thus con-
solidate, they provided that if any of these
companies should not thus consolidate, and if
any one of them should lail to build that part
of the work assigned to it within the time
named, any other company building its part
of ihe work within the time specilied might
proceed to build that part which the iirst-
named company had failed to construct.
Senatots will perceive that the whole pur-
pose of this section, section sixteen of the act
of 1801. was to enable any one of these com-
panies, should it be a single company, to goon
and build this work if each and all the other
th'-ee sli.'uld fail. The only question is whether
Congress did thus provide. They intended to
do so; and if Senators will read that section
of the law of 18(14 I think they will find that
it, is clearly provided that any company not
being in default, after having constructed its
part of the road, may proceed to build any
part of Ihe line which any other company may
have failed to build.
Thisis as the law stood in 1806. It is man-
ifest, it seems to me, that if the act of I860
hail not been passed, there would have been
no necessity for this bill. It' the Eastern
Division Railroad Company had 011 its own
motion diverted from the line of the Repub-
lican river, there could be no doubt in the case.
I may observe here that that was the line oil
which they had located their route. They had
filed liieir plat in the Department of the Inte-
rior showing the line of the road. So had the
Atchison and Pike's Peak Company and the
Union Pacific Railroad Company's branch line
to the western border of Iowa. These maps
had been filed, showing the lines of these
branches, had become a part of the record,
and each company had been investingitsmoney
with a view to form the connections at the
general points indicated.
The Eastern Division Railroad _ Company
concluded that it would be to their interest to
change the route of their road from the Repub-
lican to the valley of the Smoky Hill-river,
and they applied to the Interior Department
for that purpose. The question ot their right
to relocate their line so as to build the road
in another direction, breaking up the connec-
tions that had been formed uuder the previous
action of the other companies, was referred to
the Attorney General, and he held, as I thinK
very properly, that the company hud not the
right then tochaugeits location; the time had
passed when it had the legal right to do so.
Hence it' the law of I860 had not been passed,
and the Eastern Division Railroad Company
had failed to build that part of the line between
the western terminus of the Atchison line and
the one hundredth meridian, as it seems to me
110 Senator will contend that this company
would not have had the right, aftercompletsng
its one hundred miles, to take up the work at
the end of that hundred miles and secure its
connection at the one hundredth meridian or
east thereof.
The only objection urged against this, if I
understand my honorable friend from Vermont,
was that in the law of 18t>2 there is a provision
that this Atchison Railroad Company should in
no event receive lands and subsidy for more
than one hundred miles. 1 confess I was sur-
prised at the labored manner of the delay 011
this clause of section thirteen of the law of
1802. That section provides, first., that the
Hannibal and St. Joseph Railroad Company
may build a road from St. Joseph, by way of.
Atchison, toward the valley of the Republican
river for the distance of one hundred miles
next west of the Missouri 1 iver, and grants lands
and .-uks'id) for that distance. Then a proviso
is added;
"1'rumtM, That if aetu.il purvey shall render it
des ruble, tiles.udi-onipnny may construct. their road,
with the consent of tlje Kansas Legi-lature, on the
must direct and practicable mute west from St. Joseph,
Missouri, mi ns to connect, nod unito with the roiul
leading bom the western boundary of Iowa at any
point east of the one hundredth meridian of west
toiiirtitii'le, or with the 111am trunk road at said point;
but in no event shall lands nr bonds be Kivcn to said
company, as herein directed, to aid in tho construc-
tion of their said road lor a greater distance than one
bundled miles.''
R will be seen that here is a grant made
which is put in the alternative. The company
may buiid one hundred miles of road west to
the Missouri river, from Atchison westward,
or they may, if the Legislature of Kansas will
permit it, build the road directly west from St,
Joseph, but even in that case they shall only
have lands and subsidy for onehundied miles ;
t hey shall have 110 more lands and 110 more bonds
if they shall adopt the latter named line than
if they adopt and build on the first-named line.
That is all, as it seems to 1110, there is in this
seel ion; and he if observed that is the law of
'1862. It is claimed thai under the law of 1862
this company could have built the line up the
valley of the Republican river if the Eastern
! Dhision Railroad Company hail failed. It
was to cure that, inability that the law of 1881
was enacted. That was one of the things com-
plained of. The Atchison Company said, "We
may build our road and the Eastern Division
Company may not build theirs; we shall then
be lell with tho western terminus of our road
out on the prairie without any connection ; the
money we thus invest will become worthless;
we desire to have some provision put in tho
law that will enable us by putting in more
money to realize the proper returns from the
construction oft his road if the Eastern Division
Company should fail; '' and the law of 1S64
was enacted to cure this defect and give them
this right, and as I think 110 Senator will main-
tain that they would not have had that right
umjuestionably if the law of I860 had not been
enacted.
Mr. President, you must construe a law in
connection with the facts as they exist at the
time of the enactment of the law. At the time
of tho law of 1864 the line of the road of the
Eastern Division Company had been located
up the valley of the Kansas river and the val-
ley of the Republican river, and within a very
short distance of what turns out to be the end
of one hundred miles from the town of Atchi-
son, on the Missouri river, affording the Atchi-
son road an opportunity to connect. The law
of 1862 provided that their final and definite
location'should be under the control ot t ie
President of the United States, and that he
should provide that they should be so located
as to secure this connection. i hen ""Llil"
1804 comes in and provides that it the Eastern
Division Railroad Company shall not build
that part, of their line lying between the end
of their road and the one hundred! 1 meridian,
the Atchinson and Pike's Peak Railroad Com-
pany may do so ; that is, they may put 111 addi-
tional money, and in this way secure from loss
their former investment. .
The Senator from Vermont maintains, how-
ever, that under the law of 1864 this Lnion
Pacilic llailroad Company, eastern division,
had the right to form its junction with the maul
trunk line at a point west ot the one hundredth
meridian ; but he failed to notice the tact that
the law of 1862 provides that the beginning ot
the trunk line shall be 011 the one hundredth
meridian between the north border ot the vauey
of the Platte and the south border of the valley
of the Republican, and provides that the East-
ern Division Railway Company's line shall be
so located as to connect with the end of the
line of the Atchison and Pike's Peak Railroad
Company. . . ,
Alter forming that connection, it wouiu
become impossible from topographical reasons,
for them to fail to go in through this gate-way
between the southern border of the valley or
the Republican and the northern border of the
valley of the Platte; and the intention of the
committee, as I well remember it to have been,
was to provide for the contingency of its being
found inconvenient to bridge the Platte river
011 the one hundredth meridian, or east of if, so
as to form this junction. It was supposed it
might be found to their advantage t.o build a
few miles westward in order to obtain a better
crossing of the river, either for the main-trunk
line, if it should conclude to cross to the south
side of that river, or if it should continue up
011 the north side it might be more convenient
for the Eastern Division Company to build a few
miles westward in order to secure a proper
place for a bridge for a crossing at that very
difficult stream, for every one acquainted with
it knows it is one of the tnost difficult rivers
to bridge perhaps in existence. 80 it was
provided that they might do so, but in that
case they should have no additional lands or
bonds for that part of their line west of the
one hundredth meridian.
Mr. President, these facts as they exist and
the law, as it seems to me, perfectly haimonize
with the construction I place upon the rights
of this Atchison and Pike's Peak Railroad Com-
pany, now known as the Central Branch Pa-
cific Railroad Company. The Eastern Div ision.
Railroad Company did not disguise their pur-
pose ; they came here with an open hand and
open heart; they told the members of this
committee plainly their purpose was not to
form a connection with the main-trunk line,
but to build off in a southwestern direction.
They attempted to deceive nobody. They asked
for just enough legislation to enable them to do
this; and as the facts then existed and as the
law then stood, all that was necessary to be
done was for Congress to grant them the right
to relocate their line. Previously it had been
located within the proper connecting distance
of the western terminus of the Atchison and
Pike's Peak railroad. They got the right from
Congress to relocate the line, and relocating
the line they placed it where they told the com-
mittee they intended to place it. No Senator
can be ignorant of the fact that they stated here
openly and in the newspapers to everybody that
they had found gold on the Smoky lltll river,
and they thought the timber was more abun-
dant; they thought had they secured a better
line on which to construct their road.
Air. FESSENDEN, \\ ill the Senator allow
me to ask whether 1 understood him correctly
on one point? Do I understand that this East-
ern Division Company stated to the committee,
at, the time they applied for I his change or for
the law that was passed in 18G6, that they did
