2264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
sir, I think it is a very bad system to have the
public moneys of the city of Washington dis-
posable-by some caucus arrangement in a
legislative body, whether of aldermen or of
eouneifmen. I therefore move to strike out
the fourth section of the amendment. It seems
to be entirely distinct from any other purpose
of tie bill ou amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. Perhaps it is proper to
state that there is no treasurer legally author-
ized by law to control or take cure of the
funds of the city, but under the present ar-
rangement the mayor of the city designates a
bank to take care of the public money of the
city, and that bank becomes, in effect, the treas-
urer of the city. This amendment is intended
to place the appointment of all the minor offi-
cers under the joint control of the mayor, the
aldermen, and the eouncilrnen. If this is
proper ill principle it is proper if applied to a
treasurer; and that is all there is in that sec-
tion of the amendment. It virtually provides
that the treasurer shall be appointed by the
joint action of the mayor and members of the
board of aldermen and board of common coun-
cilmen, and places that office in the same con-
dition with the other minor offices that are to
be filled, if this amendment should become a
part of the bill and the bill become a law,
under the control of this joint board. If the
principle is right, then it is, I think, as applied
to a treasurer, and the bank selected to con-
trol the money becomes virtually the treasurer
for the corporation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, to strike out tin- fourth section of the
amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator fioin
Massachusetts.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I have
heard no explanation of the necessity of this
amendment. We are toldthatit is to conform
the government of Washington city to the form
of government in some of the pastern cities.
Well, sir, that may be an argument in vindica-
tion of the measure against objection; but 1 do
not hear any argument made to show why this
change should be now inaugurated and estab-
lished by act of Congress. It seems to me that
this bill looks very much like an attempt to
control the patronage of the city. By the first
section it is provided:
That it shall be the duty of tho mayor of the city
of Washington, Uistiict of Columbia, the board (it
aldermen, and tho board of common council theioof,
to assemble in joint convention at the City J Tall, in
said city, on the first Tuesday of the iir.it monlh alter
tho passage of this act, and proceed to select by bal-
lot all ofticerswhoso appointments, upon the nomin-
ation of the mayor, are now authorized by the char-
ter. or by any law of tho United States or ael or
ordinance of said city, or which may hereafter be
authorized thereby.
Nosv, it seems that these appointments are
made under the same guarantees which exist
in the selection of officers of the Government
of the United States; that is, the mayor has 110
power of absolute appointment; he nominates,
and his nominations are subjected to the con-
firmation of one branch of the legislative body
of the municipality. I am not certain what
particular arrangement is made. You have,
then, in this city a system for the selection of
the municipal officers upon the nomination of
tho mayor, tobe approved by a legislative body,
precisely the arrangement provided by the Con-
stitution of the United States for the selection
of Federal officers. No gentleman points out
any inconvenience which has arisen in this
city from the present arrangement, no mischief
to be remedied, no public wrong to be righted
by legislation. We have simply a bill thrown
in hero, and the only vindication of it is that
there is some precedent for it in the govern-
ment of some eastern city, but we have no argu-
ment applicable to the case itself, no reason
why we should depart from the model estab-
lished by the Constitution of the United States
as to the selection of Federal officers. In the
absence of any reason given we are left at lib-
erty to infer that for some temporary, some
casual reason, it is desirable that this change
shall be made for the purpose of controlling
tho local patronage of this city—an object which
ought not, in my judgment,, to appeal, or at least
to appeal successfully, to the Senate or Con-
gress of the United States. I shall therefore
vote against the amendment, and with a very
clear mind, because there is no reason assigned
for this particular arrangement, and because I
am left at liberty to suppose that it is brought
on here and pressed upon our attention for par-
tisan reasons alone.
The last clause of the first section of the
amendment very carefully provides that any
person who is an elector of this city shall be
authorized to hold office in the city govern-
ment. That is, it contains the provision of
that bill of which we have heard so much,
which was sent to the President and was not
signed by him. Of course, sir, I shall not
discuss that. I think that this amendment for
the purpose of changing the distribution of
patronage in the city of Washington and put-
ting the control of tho public moneys also of
the city of Washington in new hands stands
upon no reason whatever, and is open to the
objection that it is instigated and is introduced
to us for some temporary and petty party pur-
pose which we oughl to scout.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts.
Mr. McCREERY called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 29, najs 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell. Cole, Conklinfr,
Drake, Edmunds. Fessendcn, l'Yclim;huvsfn, Har-
lan, Henderson, Howard, Jlowe, Morgan, Morrill of
Manic. Moirill ot Vermont, Nye, Patteison ol New
Hampshire, Pomeroy, Ro.>s, Shot man, Sprasuc, Stew-
ait, Sumner, Thayer, Wade, Willcy, Williams, Wil-
son, and Yate:—l:il.
NAYS—Messrs. 11 nckalcw, Davis, Dixon, Dool it tlo,
Ilendneks, Johnson, MeCrecry, Patterson of Tennes-
see, Saulsbury, and Van Winkli—10.
ABSENT—Messts. liayard, Cameron, Chandler,
ronncss, Corbett, Cragm, ):Yi ry, Fowler, Grimes,
Moiton, Noiton, Ramsey, Tipton, Trumbull, and
Yiekeis—15.
So the amendment was agreed to-
Mr. SIIEiiMAN. I do not wish to embar-
rass this bill, and if the Senator Iiom Iowa
thinks the amendment I am about to offer will
not embarrass it I should like to have it put on
the bill. It has already received the panel,ion
o! the Committee on the District of Columbia.
1 propose to amend the bill by adding as an
additional section:
And bf it further muctrd, Tii.it the mayor, aldcr-
ineii, and common council of tho city of W ishington
aic heiol>y authorized to piovulo lor the paying and
grading of the streets of said city, aud tho planting
and improving of any of said streets, and they shall
a-so>s the cost of such improvements upon the lots
adjacent thereto according to tho frontage of said
lots, to be collected in the mode and manner of col-
lecting other taxes or assessments.
I will state that the only change this makes
is that, it, authorizes the corporate authorities
of the city to have some of the wide streets
improved in the mode now adopted in Cleve-
land, Buffalo, and nearly all the cities; that is,
to allow the planting of a portion of the wide
streets so that, they may be improved.
Mr. GRIMES. Does that extend to the
avenues?
Mr. SHERMAN. No; merely the streets.
Mr. IIARLAN. I suggest to the Senator
to insert after tho word "streets" the words
'•and avenues."
Mr. SHERMAN. There is objection to
extending it to the avenues.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to the
amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to the sub-
stance of the amendment itself. I do not think
it is a correct principle for a city to be allowed
to make improvements ad libitum just as it
pleases with regard to ornamenting its streets,
&e., and charge the expense of that orna-
menting upon -the owners of the adjacent lots.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state that the cor-
porate authorities here have the power now to
do it so far as _ paving and grading are con-
cerned, and this only enables them to make
improvements such as planting.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If they have the au-
thority so far as paving and grading are con-
cerned, I think it is wrong. The streets are
for the general use ot all the citizens, and if
they select one as more advantageously situated
to be improved for the general benefit than
another there is no reason, in my judgment,
why the expense of that improvement should
be assessed wholly upon the owners of the
adjacent lots. Some of the owners of the ad-
jacent lots may not choose to pay more than
their proportion of thegeneral tax which should
be levied for such improvements. Some of
the owners of adjacent lots may be very much
oppressed by such an assessment; they may be
unable to pay it. When you confer the power
on corporations for all these matters which are
of a general benefit, to select special streets or
particular parts of the city and impose the bur-
dens of improving them upon those who own
the contiguous lots, it may became so severe as
almost to ruin the property-holders. I have
known many instances where that has hap-
pened. So far as sidewalks in front of a par-
ticular lot or building are concerned, it maybe
very well to require the owner of the adjacent
property to pay the expense of them : but when
you come to the question of drainage, and all
those questions that involve expenditures for
general purposes, they should be assessed upon
the property of the r-ity equally, and go on by
degrees, and the burden should not be placed
on a few individuals who may be ill able to
bear it. An individual, for instance, may own
a lot that is unimproved, and it may be a very
severe burden upon him. He may not have
the means to ornament and beuutily the street
in front of his lot as much as might be desired,
or even to grade and pave it. The grading
and paving of those streets which are of gen-
eral use, streets where everybody goes, and of
which everybody has the advantage, should be
assessed on the whole corporation, in my judg-
ment. I always contended against the principle
of this proposition everywhere; for I have
known very great injury to individuals to arise
from it, and I think it is unjust ill itself. Itisa
very pleasant power to possess on the part of a
city, to go on improving in that way ; but there
may be people, and there are always more or
less in a city, who have not, the means to do it.
Mr. GRIMES. I have contributed to a
fund in this city for building a sewer donn H
street, for poor people who owned a house and
lived by sewing, and were not able to pay the
tax assessed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Tt operates very inju-
riously. _ A gentleman in this city who was
conversing on this subject, a man "who never
objects to paying his portion of the expense,
told me of an instance of a sewer or'drain
near his property. He owned a piece of prop-
erty which was perfectly drained from the back
side^pf his house by a drain which he had made
himself at considerable expense, and his lot
could not be drained in front of it owin<> to the
ray of the land ; but still the city built a drain
tor the benefit of other lots on the other side of
the Street mostly, in the square, which passed
ill front 01 his, and he was assessed $100 for
Ins proportion of the expense of that drain
t was o no possible benefit to him, Into which
he could not drain his lot by any possibility,
and he had rslready actually constructed his
own drain and paid lor it in another direction
and yet he was taxed in this way.
Now you come to planting trees and all those
; tilings winch are ornamental in a street r
j think they had better be left to the individuals
■ concerned. j.he desire of ornamenting a lot
! PP°n a man lives will lead him to do t
| in process ot time ; but if you take a city of
j th™ '"'"J or of any kind and place this bmden
j winch should be borne equally by the whole
people lor matters of general benefit, and allow
| the corporation to improve particular street,
and assess the property holders on those streets
I you put into their hands a power which has
