1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1241
say "dared," because this Government was
told by the jeading men "that neutrality we
will maintain by our own strong right arm."
Was not that encouraging the enemy in point
of fact ? What is there in the resignation of
Mr. Thomas, what is there in his giving $100
to his son, or in any other portion of his con-
duct, calculated to encourage rebellion at all;
or, if at all, what must have been the encourage-
ment given by the publication of this address?
And yet you have received Mr. Guthrie into
this Chamber, and you regret his loss; and
Mr. Speed has been the Attorney General of
the United States, loyal in the estimation of
everybody, and, as it is supposed by some,
what may be called ultra-loyal. Now, deal
with Mr. Thomas as you have dealt with Mr.
Guthrie ; deal with Mr. Thomas as you have
dealt with Mr. Speed.
Mr. President, I could say much more; but
I am admonished that I am not able to speak
any longer, and I am still mcfre admonished
to close what I have to say in a very brief time
by what I am sure must be the exhausted
patience of the Senate. I have, therefore, but
a word in conclusion to add.
At the termination of the masterly speech
delivered some days since by the honorable
member from Maine, who sitsby me, [Mr. Mob-
rill,] in which he spoke with much severity
of that portion of the people of my State which
now controls her government, and of its sup-
fosed anti-republican character, I said that
would at a future time vindicate both, and
this continues t'o be my purpose. But the pres-
ent occasion does not necessarily call for it. I
therefore content myself with saying in conclu-
sion, that what has been asserted of her people
in the present debate does them, I think, much
injustice. That many of her sons in common
with thousands in every State of the Union
sympathized with the South during the late
war is no doubt true. That many of them
went into the confederate army because of
that sympathy is equally true. But it would be
doing great wrong to them and be inconsistent
with the fact to suppose that they did so except
from a conviction that the cause of the South
was a just one. This conviction was, I believe,
entertained either upon the ground that a State
had a right to secede from the Union when, in
her opinion, it had not only ceased to be pro-
motive but destructive of her interest and sub-
versive of her rights, or upon the ground that
the conduct of the northern States and their
having obtained possession of the General Gov-
ernment was good cause of a revolution against
its authority. Upon both they were, I think,
greatly and lamentably in error. The resort
to the sword, however, has failed them, and
resulted in the extinction of the doctrine of
secession, and in convincing all reasonable
men that the happiness and prosperity of each
State are inseparably connected with the con-
tinuance of the General Government.
In the struggle of arms the men of Mary-
land were true to their lineage. In either
army their daring and impetuous courage was
strikingly exhibited. Hundreds and thousands
of them now sleep upon the fields which were
the scenes of their valor. In this I feel, and
as I hope, an honest and blameless pride. T
can point to them as demonstrating that the
sons of Maryland have not degenerated, that
they are the worthy descendants of ancestors
who, in the war of the Revolution, when under
the command of Williams, Smallwooa, or
Howard, never turned their backs to the foe,
and rarely ever met him but to conquer; and
who, in 1781, at the battle of Cowpens, led on
by Howard, by a brilliant charge threw the
enemy into confusion, and, snatching victory
from defeat, changed the fortunes of the day
and achieved historic and deathless fame for
the Maryland line and its gallant leader.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I do not
desire to prolong this debate; but inasmuch
as the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull]
criticised my position rather severely, as I
thought, and state^ what occurred in the com-
mittee in auoh a manner as to leave the impres-
sion that members of the committee have acted
in the Senate inconsistently with what they did
in committee, and alluded to me several times
in that connection, I feel it necessary to call
the attention of the Senate to a few matters.
It is true that I agreed to the making of the
report which was presented in this case. It is
also true that committee did not agree upon
any general recommendation in the case, and
owing to the conflict of opinion it was thought
best to report the matterto the Senate without
expressing an opinion on the merits of the
case. The matter with regard to the giving of
$100 to the son and the son's going into the
rebellion, was regarded as the most striking
feature, and but for that circumstance we
probably could have made a report one way or
the other; but there was a difference of opin-
ion in regard to the effect of this fact and it
was thought best, as the case involved questions
of fact mostly, to submit it to the Senate. The
language of the report is this :
"The Committeo on the Judiciary, to whom were
referred the credentials of Hon. Philip P. Thomas,
Senator-elect from the Stato of Maryland, beg leavo
to report:
"That they havetaken the evidence submitted here-
with, and that thoy find nothing sufficient, in the
opinion of the committee, to debar said Thomas
from taking his seat, unless it be found in the fact of
the son of said Thomas having entered the military
servico of the confederacy, and in the circumstances
connected with that fact or relating to it, and with-
out the expression of an opinion in regard to this
point, they report thewhole evidence to the Senate."
It was the intention of the committee to
leave the Senate entirely free to judge of the
whole case. It will be seen that this was a
compromise report, bringing the whole matter
back before the Senate. I do not think a mem-
ber of the committee who voted for this report,
which was substantially to refer the whole sub-
ject back to the Senate, can be accused of in-
consistency for taking the same view before
the Senate that he entertained in the commit-
tee. I do not think we are foreclosed as to
any point. I think the report opens the whole
question, because, although we say that certain
acts, isolated of themselves, might not be suf-
ficient to exclude, still there is one particular
circumstance that may be sufficient, and we
refer that and every other matter throwing
light on the transaction to the Senate.
I believe everything Mr. Thomas did, from
the beginning to the end, has a tendency to
determine the question of motive as bearing
upon what I regard as an overt act. To show
that it is regarded as material by the Senators
who have argued the other side of the question,
it will only be necessary to call attention to
the very ingenious argument of the Senator
from Illinois and of the Senator from Mary-
land, wherein they attempted to prove, and
deemed it important to prove, that Mr. Thomas
left the Cabinet from patriotic motives. This
is a new idea, and I think if bis case is so
badly off that it is necessary to show that he
left the Cabinet because of patriotic reasons,
we shall have no difficulty in determining it.
Still we have had long arguments to show that
Mr. Thomas left from patriotic motives. Then,
if his motives are important in any sense, they'
certainly throw light on his whole conduct;
and that brings in this matter legitimately for
discussion.
To show the fallacy of that argument it will
only be necessary to ask how Mr. Buchanan
stood when Mr. Thomas entered the Cabinet.
He entered the Cabinet on the 11th of Decem-
ber, 1860, eight days after the annual message
of the President had been delivered to Con-
gress, in which he denied the power of this
Government to suppress the rebellion. Eight
days after Mr. Buchanan sent in that message
to Congress, and when Mr. Jefferson Davis, as
his letter read yesterday shows, entertained
confidence in Mr. Buchanan and supposed that
he would stand by the South, when it was be-
lieved that he would not enforce the laws in
the rebel States, Mr. Thomas entered his Cab-
inet. Did he indorse that position when he
entered it? But when Mr. Davis said that Mr.
Buchanan had become weak and would not
stand up to them; when he had become so
weak that, in Mr. Davis's estimation, he was
criminal; when he was allowing the laws to
be enforced, though, I will admit, in a very
weak and feeble manner; when he was show-
ing some symptoms of loyalty, it appears that
there was a Cabinet meeting at which some
loyal resolutions were adopted, and one was
establishing a policy by the Government to
feed our soldiers in the southern forts, to send
supplies to them ; and within a few days after,
that determination was arrived at Mr. Thomas
resigns and informs the President that it Aas
not been in his power to agree with him and a
majority of his constitutional advisers "in the
measures which have been adopted in refer-
ence to the present condition of things in South
Carolina."
I say, then, that the administration of Mr.
Buchanan, when Mr. Thomas entered his Cab-
inet, was supposed by Mr. Davi3 and his asso-
ciates to be entirely friendly to secession. The"
President had substantially so announced. By
the time Mr. Thomas went out there had been a
change of measures. Now, gentlemen say that
Mr. Thomas went out from pure motives be-
cause Mr. Buchanan's administration was not
sufficiently vigorous.
I will not weary the Senate by reriewing the
arguments upon the question of treason. I
will simply say this: it is certain that Mr.
Thomas's son committed treason, and it is
certain that the father knew it. The statute
makes that knowledge and its concealment
misprision of treason; and yet Senators say
he has not committed treason!
Mr. WILLIAMS. Does the Senator mean
to say that his intention to go to the war was
treason?
Mr. STEWART. The intention executed
was treason, and the lather knew it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. When the $100 were given
he had only declared an intention to go to the
war. A mere intention is not treason.
Mr. STEWART. If we are going to be
technical about this, and avoid what would be
otherwise conceded to be as guilty complicity
by every fair-minded man, let us look into the
matter a little further. Treason is first defined
to be adhering to the enemy. The boy adhered
to the enemy. The father knew it, knew it
from the inception of the thing, and never
revealed it; and it does not make any differ-
ence at what point it became an overt act of
treason. He knew it in every stage from the
time the son proposed to enter the army until
he was captured by the United States forces.
It is true you would not punish a man for not
disclosing the fact if he did not know it till it
was out of his power to do any good by telling
of it; but he knew of it in time to stop it; he
knew it in the start, and knew every stage of
it. The boy came here, bought his supplies,
his kerseys, &c. He then made an attempt to
cross the lines, was here a month or two try-
ing to cross. His father knew he was in Wash-
ington, knew he wanted to cross and did not
stop him. It does not make any difference at
what point you say his offense actually became
treason ; the father knew it all. He knew the
intention of the boy when he started ; he knew
where he was going; he gave him the $100;
he used no means to restrain him within a
month or two afterward while he was endeav-
oring to get through the lines.
Now, I say that you cannot judge of this
m an's conduct from any one particular act; you
must take the whole conduct from beginning to
end, and that gives character and consistency
to every act. It is consistent in itself. As I
have before remarked, he entered Buchanan's
Cabinet when that Cabinet had declared that
this Government had no right to exist; and he
left that Cabinet, and said he could not agree
with it when that Cabinet had declared that
the Government had a right to struggle a little
for its existence. Then he went to Maryland
and associated only with those who were hostile
to the Unital States. He refused to take the
oath which was necessary to entitle him to vote
in his own State, or to participate in any loyal
government therein. His only son proposed
