4314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
July-,22,
the principle that is laid down by the honor-
able Senator from Wisconsin, and we never
can adopt it until that statute shall be repealed.
I think that it is due to Mr. Sawyer and to
ourselves and to the country generally that
there should be a full and fair investigation of
these charges.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I see on the
reading of this remonstrance that it raises the
question of the election in fact.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We do not look into
such questions preliminarily.
Mr. HOWE. I understand that it does put
in issue the fact of this man's election.
Mr. FESSENDEN. According to my ex-
perience the Senate never preliminarily invest-
igates the question of the regularity of an
election provided the certificate submitted is
in due_form. The Senate never goes prelim-
inarily into the examination of the question
whether a man is elected, but admits him to
his seat and investigates afterward. I think
it has never happened while 1 have been in the
Senate that that matter has been investigated
preliminarily.
Mr. HOWE. The practice of the Senate
upon that subject was not familiar to me. 1
do not know how it may be; but I conceive
that the fact of election is one very proper to
be inquired into, it is one of the questions
which the Constitution expressly uelegates to
the Senate, the authority to try and determine.
Mr. CONKLING. The re is no allegation
of that kind.
Mr. HOWE. I may have misunderstood
the remonstrance; but I rise to say that if the
fact ot election is put in issue by that remon-
strance I think it proper that the Committee
on the Judiciary should inquire and report oil
that subject. The Senator from Maine says
that the practice is to allow the member to
take his seat, and then for the question to be
investigated.
Mr. SDMNEll. That is so.
Mr. HOWE. I acquiesce in the propriety of
that course; and if that issue, if the fact of
election is allowed to be tried after the mem-
ber is admitted to his seat, 1 do submir that
the question of qualifications, of which 1 con-
ceive the Legislature to be the better judge
than the Senate, should also be tried in the
same way and at the same time.
Mr. CONKLING. i hope this case will not
be referred to the committee ; and more par-
ticularly I hope it will not be referred in con-
sequence of any supposed similarity between it
and the case of Thomas, of Maryland. I ven-
ture to say, from hearing this protest, and
looking at it, that there is nothing here consti-
tuting the proper foundation of any proceed-
ings except the admission of Mr. Sawyer to his
seat. I speak first of the allegations in refer-
erence to blockade-running in order to point
out what I conceive to be the distinction be-
tween the case of Thomas and this case. No-
body here, no member of this body, and no
person whose name is appended to this paper,
undertakes to say anything against Mr. Sawyer
in reference to his having been engaged in
blockade-running, but the allegation is that
it is credibly alleged and believed." By
to01?./ By nobody whose name is given here.
Would the Senate have referred the case of
iliomas to the Judiciary Committee upon a
paper sent the Senate alleging that it was cred-
ibly believed that Mr. Thomas, as Secretary of
the .treasury, had been guilty of disloyal con-
duct ? In view of that, the Senator from Mich-
igan presented the report of the officers of the
Bank of Commerce, an official report setting
out specifically facts within their own knowl-
edge, amounting 011 their face to grave asper-
sions against the loyalty and the official integ-
rity of Air. ihomas. But surely this case is
nothing like that. Those gentlemen do not
even state upon information and beliefthatany
such thing is true; they do not aver that they
are informed of these facts or that they believe
them ; but in phraseology particularly ambig-
uous and unsatisfactory they say, "it is credi-
bly alleged and believed."
, ...   V  , ~ Wl .-IWai.tUJUlUiC il
rebellion against the limted States, and Ow, John
1. His®,, bunker, of the city of Charleston, held and
now holds an order Irom said Sawyer, directing him
Mr. HOWARD. If the honorable Senator
will allow me, I desire to suggest that there is
an affidavit accompanying the papers contain-
ing the oath ot respoctabio persons -charging
these facts oil Mr. Sawyer.
Mr. CONKLING. I am speaking of the
case which is presented. If there is any evi-
dence that we have not heard, I am not speak-
ing oti that, of course, but I am submitting to
the Senate, to the laywers of the Senate, that
it would be an unheard of act in the course of
any proceeding with which 1 am acquainted to
allow persons without even making an allega-
tion upon information and belief, but merely by
a statement that they understand that there its
such a rumor—for that is all it is—to put upon
liis trial or defense any person whose rights
are involved in the proceeding. If there is any
aflidavit which the Senator has to read I should
be very glad to hear that.
Mr. SUAINEK, I should like to hear that
affidavit read.
Air. CONKLING. So should I like to have
it read.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope it will be read j the
Clerk will hud it among the papers.
rhe PUESlL)ENT/>/-o tempore* The doc-
ument will be read, if there be no objection.
1 he Chief Clerk read as follows:
District of Columbia, Wiinhint/co>i counti/, ss :
l'orsonally appeared bcloro mo, a notatry public,
in and tor said District and county, duly authorized
by law to administer oaths, <J.O. Bowun, a member
of Oongie^ iio:n tho hucond congressional district
ot South Carolina, and T. J. Mackey, a citizen of
Charleston, in said State, who being duly sworn,
depos>e and say that they are well and personally
acquainted with ij'redenck A. Sawyer, who claims
to have been elected a Senator of the United States,
by virtue ot an election held in tho city of Columbia
by the Legislature of SouthCaiolina, on the 10th day
ot J my, 1868, and your deponents further declare
that they have good andfauiheient reasons to believe,
and do believe, that the said Sawyer is not eligible to
hold a scat in the Senato ot* tho United Stated by
reason of tho fact, which can be fully shown by cred-
ible Witnesses whose names are hereto attached,
that the &aid Sawyer was engaged in aiding and
abetting the rebellion against the Government, of
the United States m the years 18(32,18<i;*, and by
being a shareholder in a blockade company engaged
m running the blockado at tho port of Charleston,
N)uth Carolina, and in furnishing material ot'war
to the feo-called confederate States, and aid and cuiu-
lort to the supporter Lhctcoi; and m support of
tLiis averment tne deponents piesent tho following:
lint ol witnesses, lo wit:
A. C. llH'hardiS Charleston, South Carolina; Ste-
phen W. lvirk, Charleston, South Carolina; L. F.
i otter, Charleston, South Carolina; C. i'\ Dunham,
Chaileston, South Carolina; Kcv. Thomas 0. Ivicc,
Aew Xork city; A. ( . Alackey, Charleston, South
Carolina ; Iheodore Wagner, Charleston, South Car-
olina; John Chalk, Charleston, South Carolina;
CaptainN. N. Coste, Charleston, South Carolina.
And the deponents iuither declare that they have
good and sutheient reasons to believe, and do believe,
that the said Sawyer was a member ot a military
organization in armed hostility to the Government
ot tho United States in the city of Charleston, in tho
year loG-A, and that ho did military duty as a mem-
ber ot said organization known as tho 4" Charleston
ilome Guard," and in proof of this allegation, which
deponents verily believe to bo tiue, deponents refer
to the said Frederick A. Sawyer himself, and will
bring good and credible witnesses to testify to the
same.
And deponents further declare that they are in-
formed and believe that in the investigation of the
cotton claim of Charles Quinbyw. Tho United States,
at the city ot Charleston, South Carolina, in March,
18(38, by the United Statesdistrictattorneyand others,
the said Quinby was chargcd with having been en-
gagedin running the blockade, and the evidence of
the said Sawyer, who was a witness tor claimant, was
objected to by the United States district attorney,
on the ground that the said Sawyer had heen him-
self engaged in running the blockade, and it was then
and there shown and admitted that the said Sawyer
had been to some extent engaged in the shipment
and receipt of goods, contraband of war, through tho
lines ot the blockade established by the United
States against the ports of tho so-called confederate
States; and in proof of this averment tho deponents
confidently appeal to tho records of the United States
Court of Claims ussetforth in the case of said ^uinby;
and the deponents further declare that the United
States district attorney above referred to was and is
the chiet political supporter ot the said Sawyer, but
was constrained by his official duty and by the special
commissioner ot the Court of Claims to oxeept to the
testimony of said Sawyer at tho time and placo herein
alleged.
. And the deponents further declare, that they are
informed ami believe, and have good and suthcient
zeasons to believe, that tho said Sawyer, dining the
rebellion, was engaged iu tho purchase of confed-
erate bonds issued tor the purpose of sustaining the
l'Ahollwtn dtfuiriot tho O.-..  _ .1 ,i , <
to purchase confederate bonds for him, the said
Sawyer, and that he did so purchase.
And the deponents further declare that the said
Sawyer held the ollioo of principal of the State Nor-
mal School of South Carolina during the rebellion,
and was paid as such by tho rebel authorities of-said
State. And deponents further declare that they
have good and sufficient reasons to believe that sev-
eral of the votes east for the said Sawyer, upon which
he claims his election as United States Senator, were
illegally cast, the parties casting the same having
their seats contested at the time of voting, for gross
frauds in their elections, and it is believed, and the
deponents do believe, that one or more ot said
persons so illegally voting for the said Sawyer, and
thereby securing his pretended election, were and
arc disqualified irom holding seats in the Legisla-
ture of South Carolina by reason of the third sec-
tion of the fourteenth amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States. And deponents further
declare that they are informed and relieve that the
said Sawyer, despite the facts herein alleged, did
take the oath of July 2,186^, known a3 the iron-clad
oath, as collector of internal revenue for the second
congressional district of South Carolina in the year
1865. C. C. BO WEN.
T. J. MACKEY..
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 20th day
of July, 1868. JOHN CALLAJf,
Notary Public.
Mr. WILSON. I send to the Chair to be
rend an affidavit made by a gentleman who
professes to have known all the facts in regard
to the allegation of blockade running j and
before it is read, X will say that 1 understand
Mr. Sawyer went to South Carolina iu 1858 j
that he was superintendent of the public schools
in Charleston j that he was there during the
rebellion, and that he wus always a loyal man.
There has been a very sharp contest between
him and Doctor Mackey for the Senatorship,
exciting the deepest interest and much spirit
and feeling, i believe both of them to be loyal
men. That is my judgment from what I know-
in regard to them. 1 desire to have this paper,
which Mr. Sawyer has piaced*in my hands,
read:
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
State of South Carolina, county of Charleston, #$.•
Personally appeared, J. i). Geddings, of the State
and county aforesaid, who, being duly sworn, de-
poses and says: that ho was a resident of the city of
Charleston during the entire period of tho late war,
and that ho is at present Assistant Treasurer of the
United States, which office he has held since Novem-
ber, 18bt>. Said deponent further says that he was
intimately acquainted, during the whole period of
the rebellion, with Frederick A. Sawyer, United
Statos Senator-elect, and that ho knows said Sawyer
to have been at all times loyal to the United States
in word and act. Said depouent further says, m ref-
oicnoe to a charge alleged to have been made by cer-
tain persons that said Sawyer aided the rebellion by
being engaged in blockade running, that this de-
ponent wastully cognizant ol the connection of said
Sawyer with that business, and that the facts aie as
follows, namely:
Some time in 18G3 said Sawyer bccame possessed
ot a small interest (less than SlOU in gold value)
in :i schooner intended to be laden with cotton
to run the blockade, and this interest was taken
by hinion the express condition that said schooner
should not return to the Statos in rebellion but that
vessel and cargo should be sold on arrival at a for-
eign port and the net proceeds of sale should be re-
turned to tho shareholders in sterling exchange, said
Sawyer declaring that he would have no part or lot
in introducing supplies of any kind into the States
in rebellion, ihis deponent further says that the
said vessel and cargo was sold in .Nassau, New Provi-
dence, and the net proceeds thereof were returned
to t he shareholders ui sterling exchange as aforesaid.
Said deponent further says that said Sawyer cud, m
L.eptemoor, 180-4, succeed in a project lung before
h n U wherobJ ho escaped from the
States in rebellion, went to JSiow England, and earn-
inthe camp aign having for its object
I-v*r hS? * LincV?l,n- f his deponent further
vlrf-h th , Sawyer aid carry with him to the
. i,th the entire amount of the net pioceeds afore-
savi niaVShpt!P°Iiei:i|bcll^VOS' SaUldeP0aeiifcfuither
f heard, nor does he believe, that
the said Sawyor had at any time any interest or
sharo in any blockado running venture besides the
-V  - — J. tin uiug VVJiltUIVJ L
?h, l'<L!"amed- and, t,tl!s deponent does not boli eve
dunn- thn^r1^0! 0 cu"seiuc<i at any time
rebelhon 0 an aCt wlncl1 WOHld
rcocmon. r
J. 1). GEDDIN'trS.
lsf8:°b"forodme?bSCribea 18th day of Jul>' A"  ■
r< r?r W- BBOAYNFIELD.
Common I leas and (jeneral Sessions.
Mr.CONKLING;. Mr.President,tliestrength
ot tins case now, if it has any strength, is to be
.i"i ?i"- 'f1® ar"I "Ot in the protest;
ana i think it is fair to direct the attention of
senators to some remarkable facts about that
paper, xhe names of the afliants are not
suangers to us. One of them is the namesake,
ot the competitor of Mr. Sawyer, Mr. Mackey,
