3290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
is very plain ; they have the right under the
law of the United States to build one hundred
miles 
Mr. EDMUNDS. They have a right to the
subsidy, not a right to build at all.
Mr. HARLAN. They may have additional
and other rights nnder the law of Kansas.
It is not material to the solution of this ques-
tion whether they have or not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does ray friend main-
tain that Congress gives the Atchison and
Pike's Peak road authority to build anywhere
in the State of Kansas, or does the act of
Congress only say that if they do build they
shall have a subsidy for one hundred miles?
Mr. HARLAN. The exact location of the
line of their road maybe controlled by the
charter that they derive from the Legislature
of Kansas; but that does not affect the ques-
tion now pending. We confer on this and other
companies certain rights. We have an object
in it. We desire a through line. We desire
that each of these brandies shall form a con-
nection with the main trunk line for the pur-
pose of carrying the freights of the United
states ; and we provide that if they do not form
this connection, do not build a road so that the
main road and the branches can be worked as
one continuous line they shall forfeit all the
money they invested. In the face of that fact
the Senator comes here and asks if it was the
intention of Congress to control the location
of the line of that road.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir. I asked the
Senator if he supposed that Congress under-
took to grant any authority to build a road in
the State of Kansas, or if Congress only under-
took to aid a road which, under the authority
of Kansas, shoulcT be built.
Mr. HARLAN. I must be supposed by the
Senator to be duller than I think myself. I
will not enter into the constitutional question
whether the United States can charter a rail-
road company within the limits of a State.
I have heard very learned arguments on that
subject upon this floor, but I have never par-
ticipated iti them for obvious reasons. The
Senator himself may be quite competent to
argue that question, but it is not pertinent to
the issue now before the Senate. The ques-
tion is what did Congress intend by the law
of 1804? Did Congress intend to enable this
company to invest its money safely ? It could
not do so without being provided with a con-
nection with the main trunk line, or the line
of the Eastern Division Company, and to give
them that right of connection the sixteenth
section of the law of 18G-1 was enacted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, if my friend will
permit me to interrupt him for a moment, 1
wish to remind him that I did not open to him
a constitutional question. I merely inquired
of him as to the purport of the act of Congress,
whether we undertook to confer on this com-
pany authority to take private propertj'and build
a road ; or whether, taking up the company as we
found it already authorized by the law of Kan-
sas to build a road, we provided that wewould
give it a subsidy in case it should make a cer-
tain connection. Then I wish to ask him
whether, alluding to the word " limits " in the
law, this connection could not be just as well
made if the eastern division went up the valley
of the Republican by extending this road more
than one hundred miles until it should strike
that road, as well as to have this road bend so
far to the east that it should strike it exactly
at the point of one hundred miles? That is
what I wish to get at.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator will turn
his attention to the seventeenth section of the
act of 1862 he will ascertain what the purpose j
of the act of 1864 was in this respect, as I read i
during, I think, his absence from his seat. It j
is provided that if this main trunk line and j
branches are not built within the time specified j
so as to form a connected line, they are to j
forfeit all the money they invest.
Mr. EDMUNDS. All the rights the United
States gives them; not the State rights, I
take it.
Mr. HARLAN. That may be so as a ques-
tion of law; I shall not attempt to solve that
question. The fact is here on the face of the
law, if the Senator will turn his attention to it,
that the law of 180-t was enacted to enable
these companies to safely invest their money
to avoid that necessary forfeiture growing out
of the default of one of the other companies
over which they had no control. It cannot be
contended, it seems to me, by any fair-minded
man that that was not the intention of the law,
if he will examine the seventeenth section of
the aet of 1802 and compare it with the six-
teenth section of the act of 1802. That'beiug
the intention of the law, then the practical
question arises whether the facts that now
exist justify this compauyin claiming the right
to form that connection. Iiad the act of 1806
never been parsed, and had the Eastern Divis-
ion Railroad Company failed to build on that
line, they unquestionably would have had that
right, to save the money previously invested in
the one hundred miles of road, by making an
additional investment in the construction of
the remaining part so as to secure a connec-
tion with the main trunk line. Then if under
the act of 1806 they are deprived of this right,
they are deprived of it by the act of Congiess,
which, so far as they are concerned, is equiv-
alent to the act of God, for they have no power
to control the act of this body except through
the influence of reason.
Mr. President, if this were a question arising
between great ami powerful nations instead of
the Atchison and Pike's Peak Railroad Com-
pany, composed of ft few private citizens and
the United States, if it were the Government
of France or England or Russia, whose equit-
able or legal rights were being trifled with, a
Power capable of vindicating its rights, of
coercing nations that should attempt to trample
upon them, would anybody for a moment hesi-
tate to come to the conclusion that Congress
would grant them what was intended by the
law of 1864? But here are a few private citi-
zens who happen to have a few thousand dol-
lars in money, and the Government can take
these rights from them if it chooses. They
have no means of redress, as I suppose. They
do not choose to attempt the use of any other
means of redress than the power of reason and
appeal to conscience, and hence they are here.
They say: " Under the law of 1804 we have
invested our money in good faith ; you prom-
ised us a connection with the eastern division
railroad; you directed the President to so
locate that line as to secure this connection,
and on failure on their part, to build thei r line you
then authorized us to build up the valley of the
Republican river to the one hundredth merid-
ian, and thus secure a connection and save our
investment from loss. We should have had
that right but for the subsequent legislation,
the legislation of 180(1." If they have not the
legal right to build the road under the law as
it stands, it is in consequence of the act of
1860, in consequence of the act of this Gov-
ernment, the act of Congress, over which these
private citizens had no control ; and they are
here, as it seems to me, very properly ask-
ing that their rights may be preserved, or at
least that their equities may be considered. If
they have no legal rights, construing the law
technically as my honorable friend does, they
snrely have equitable claims. In justice you
are bound to give them the opportunity to make
additional investments and secure the property
that otherwise would become perhaps a total
loss.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him for an explanation on one point ?
Mr. HARLAN. With great pleasure.
Mr. HOWE. I understand him to insist that
the law required the President to locate the
line of the eastern branch Pacific railroad so
that this central branch could connect with it
within one hundred miles of Atchison. I
understand him to say that that is the law.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 think that is the effect
of it.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to understand when,
in point of fact, the eastern banch was first
located through Kansas ?
Mr. HARLAN. Iam unable to answer that
question. ,
Mr. HOWARD. I can answer the question.
Mr. HARLAN. I shall be obliged to the
Senator from Michigan if he will give the
information* ,
Mr. HOWARD. By looking at the report
of the committee in this case it will be seen
that the map of the eastern division was hied
in June, 1865. . , ,
Mr HOWE. Now, I wish to ask whether
that line was not, when it was first located,
located up the valley of the Kansas and the
Republican Fork to the one hundredth meri-
dian ?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. And that would not enable
the central branch to connect with it within
one hundred miles, would it?
Mr. HARLAN. That renders it necessary
to make an explanation. The law of 1862
provides that the company shall indicate the
general route of their road, subject to a final
location growing out of the necessities of the
topography of the country, as the^facts may be
developed by engineering. This Eastern Divis-
ion Railroad Company located the general line
of its road up the valley of the Kansas and the
Republican branch of the Kansas river to the
one hundreth meridian. The final and definite
location grows out of specific surveys, grows
out of engineering estimates, and was never
made; and it is that final and definite location
that is put under the control of the President,
and he is authorized, as the Senator will see
from reading the law, to do it after actual sur-
vey, not by drawing a line across a map indi-
cating the general location as it would be indi-
cated by the land surveys, but that he shall do
it by actual survey and shall then do it so as
to enable these companies to connect within
the respective limits.
Mr. President, the last point I propose to
speak upon is a reply to some observations
submitted some time since by the honorable
Senator from New York, [Mr. Coxkung,] when
this question was pending before. He, doubt-
less honestly, believes that if this company had
equitable rights, judged by the construction of
the law, they had not judged by the existing
facts, for he recited that under this law they
were entitled to alternate sections of public
lands on each side of the road within a limit
of ten miles; and I think he figured up the
amount of lands that they would thus derive,
and also informed the Senate that they had pur-
chased part of an Indian reservation, amount-
ing to some hundreds of thousands of acres,
which was supposed to be of great value, and
then that they had raised from the United States
$1,600,000 in Government bonds, and that
under the law they had authority to issue their
own bonds as the road progressed to an equal
amount, making $3,200,000 in bonds. Hence,
to sum up, this company own $3,200,000 of
bonds, a vast amount of lands, being the alter-
nate sections on each side of the road, and two or
three hundred thousand acres growing out of
a purchase from some Indian tribe, and that
they are therefore vastly wealthy; or as we
should style it on the frontier, they have "a
good thing" as it is, and they need no relief.
Well, Mr. President, in point of fact it turns
ont that they do not derive a large quantity of
land as alternate sections. 1 believe the whole
quantity is about two hundred and thirty thou-
sand acres, and the amount that they would
have derived under the law of 1862 has been
largely diminished by a clause in the law of
1804 providing that the location of certain
college scrip made by the friends of some of
our New England Senators hero should not
be interfered with by the location of the lands
granted to this road; that is. that the locations
made intermediate between 1862 and 1864
should remain valid. In this way the com-
pany lost a large amount of land that other-
wise they would have possessed under the law
of 1862.
