1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2267
Mr. HOWE. Not at the polls, but at a sub-
stitute for the polls. It amounts to precisely
the same thing. It is in the government of the
city, and he votes according to his property.
Mr. DRAKE. Then the amount of it is just
this: if three individuals happen to own twenty-
five feet lots upon any street and one other
individual happens to own one thousand feet,
those three individuals, having only seventy-
five feet altogether, may saddle him, -whether
he wishes it or not, with an expense propor-
tioned to his thousand feet. I do not see the
justice of that; and I never heard of such a
principle applied in such a case before.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin to the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. DRAKE, Is thatopen to amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Not now.
That would be an amendment in the third de-
gree. The Chair understands the proposition
has been modified since it was last read, and
it will be read as it now stands modified.
The Secretary read as follows:
Provided, That no such improvement shall be or-
dered upon any street, except upon the application
of those owning a majority of the frontage of the
squares adjacent to the proposed improvement.
Mr. DRAKE. That is another thing alto-
gether.
Mr. HOWE. I do not know how it came
to be modified in that way.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the way I like it,
and I suggested the modification to the Clerk
at the desk, but I had no right to modify it.
Mr. HOWE. That is not the way I would
like it. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
modification was unauthorized; and the ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin as it stood before to the amendment
of the Senator from Ohio.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment as offered by the
Senator from Ohio.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Let it be read
as it now stands.
The Secretary read as follows :
And be it further enacted, That the mayor, alder-
men, and common council ofthe city of Washington
are hereby authorized to provide for the planting of
any streets or parts of any streets in said city, and
they shall assess the costs of said improvements upon
the lots adjacent thereto according to the frontage
of such lots, to be collected in the mode and manner
of collecting other taxes or assessments.
Mr. HOWARD. What does the amendment
refer to? The word "planting" is used there,
but it does not say what is to be planted—
trees or corn or garden fruits or tobacco.
Mr. SHERMAN. I supposed the intelli-
gent people of Washington, especially as their
elections are now by universal suffrage, would
know that the proper thing to plant in the
streets was trees; but if the Senator has any
doubt about it he can make it certain by a slight
modification.
Mr. HOWARD. That is rather a remote
inference, sir. I think the words "with shade
trees" ought to be inserted after "planting."
Mr. WILLIAMS. I shall vote against this
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Ohio, because it involves a debatable question,
and-, as it seems to me, very much embarrasses
the passage of this bill, and it in no way re-
lates to the subject-matter of the bill-. I do
not think it ought to be attached to the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I must appeal again to my
friend, the Senator from Ohio, not to press his
proposition on this bill, which is germane to it
only in the most general sense.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator can vote
against it; let us have the vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. SAULSBURY called for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill, and they were
ordered ; and being taken, resulted—yeas 36,
nays 9 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell, Chandler, Cole,
Conkling, Conness, Cragin, Drake, Fessenden, Fre-
linghuysen, Grimes, Harlan, Henderson, Howard,
Howe, Morgan, Monrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Nye, Patterson of New Hampshire, Pomeroy, Ram-
sey, Ross, Sherman, Spra-gue, Stewart. Sumner,
Thayer, Tipton. Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, Wil-
ley, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—36.
_ NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Davis, Dixon, Doo-
little, Hendricks, Johnson, McCreery, Patterson of
Tennessee, and Saulsbury—9.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Corbett, Ed-
munds, Perry, fowler, Morton, Norton, and Vick-
ers—9.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. SUMNER. I move to amend the title
by adding thereto the words " Also to regulate
the selection of officers, and for other pur-
poses."
The amendment was agreed to.
POLITICAL DISABILITIES Of R. 11. BUTLER.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move now to
take up the naval appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before proceeding with
that I ask permission to call up House bill
No. 870, relating to the removal of political
disabilities from Roderick R. Butler, of Ten-
nessee, forthe purpose of recommitting it to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That bill
will be regarded as before the Senate; and the
question is on the motion to recommit.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I would make a single
remark on the question. I had the floor when
this bill was under debate, and was about half
through with an argument against it. I, with
entire willingness, forego the liberty of continu-
ing my argument, in the hope that the com-
mittee, by their careful examination of this
subject on those points which I did not go over
in my speech, will arrive eventually at the con-
clusion to which I have arrived by an examina-
tion. When this subject was before the com-
mittee on a former occasion, as I understand,
they did not go into a thorough investigation
of the facts. The objection which was consid-
ered by them was simply a general objection to
special legislation of this sort, and as they over-
ruled that objection they reported the bill, and
it came up in due course for the consideration
of the Senate without that prior examination
of the details of fact to which I invited the
attention of the Senate in my former argument.
I have only to express the hope that the com-
mittee will make as thorough an examination
of the facts of this case as I have done, and
by undertaking the investigation of this case
in any manner they will not require any further
speech from me on the subject.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope so, too; and I hope
the committee willfurnish the Senate a written
report in this case, so that not only wc but the
country may see what the real facts of the case
are.
The motion to recommit was agreed to.
REPORT or IMPEACHMENT TRIAL.
Mr. DRAKE submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was referred to the Committee
on Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
Senate, at the close of the pending impeachment
trial, five thousand copies of the report thereof, in
addition to the number of copies thereof heretofore
ordered to be printed.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 601 ^making appropriations for
the naval service for the year ending 30th
June, 1869, the pending question being on
concurring in the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, to strike out "eight"
and insert " seven" in line five of the second
section.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not propose, sir, to enter
upon any extended discussion of this amend-
ment. I have simply to express ray gratifica-
tion that the Senate yesterday enabled me to
learn something as to this body which I had
not learned before. The very first time I
offered a proposition in this body, about a
year ago, I was met by the concerted and de-
termined opposition of the committee -that
reported the bill which I proposed to amend,
among whom was the honorable Senator from
New York, [Mr. Conkling,] and I was in-
formed that the committee was determined to
stand by its bill, and the Senate was called upon
to vote down the amendmentbecause the com-
mittee was determined to stand by its bill.
Now, sir, I find that there is a little change in
the order of things. The honorable Senator
from New York wishes to break down the re-
port of the Committee on Appropriations in
the face of the unanimous opposition of that
committee and of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, too.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. In the first place the
Senator is quite mistaken about my encounter-
ing the unanimous opposition of those com-
mittees ; on the contrary he will see by look-
ing at the record that the reverse is quite the
fact.
Mr. DRAKE. As to which committee?
Mr. CONKLING. As to the Appropriation
Committee. As to the other point, if the Sen-
ator will allow me, I will say that when I con-
curred in this report it was with a full belief
that the actual number of the rank and file of
the Navy before the war was eighty-five hun-
dred. Finding that I was mistaken a thou-
sand, of course I corrected myself that much.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I stand cor-
rected as to the action of the Committee on
Appropriations; but this is an appropriation
that has relation to naval affairs, and I believe
I am correct in saying that there is not one
single member of the Committee on Naval
Affairs that is in favor of the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from New York; and yet
the honorable Senator from New York, who met
me, as I stated, a year ago with the requirement
that the report of the committee should be
sustained, now wishes to override the reports
of two committees. Very well, Mr. President,
if it is the mind and will of the Senate that
that thing shall be done I am very happy, in-
deed, to have got this additional amount of
light upon the course which the Senate takes
in regard to the questions that come before it.
If it is to be the understood rule of the Senate
hereafter that the report of a committee does
not amount to anything in the Senate, and that
the opposition of two committees to a partic-
ular proposition amounts to still less, then I
shall know just exactly what to look for in time
to come, and shall shape my action accord-
ingly. I ask for the yeas and nays on this
question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Mr. President, I do not
desire to discuss this measure or to presume
to give an opinion as to the number of men
that should constitute the effective force of our
Navy. That belongs to the Senate ; but there
is a point which I do desire that the Senate
shall consider. I make the broad statement,
and challenge contradiction everywhere, that
seventy-five hundred men as now employed
will give an effective force to our Navy three
times that which it had prior to the invention
of ne^-armament and prior to the introduction
of sttam as a motive power. The contrary has
fen suggested on this floor in the fact that
steam requires an additional number of men as
coal-heavers and as engineers, without consid-
ering the other fact that those men were here-
tofore employed in sailing the ship with the
other motive power—that of the wind. A gun
now employed—take an eleven or thirteen inch
gun—is more effective to-day than the whole
armament of the Pennsylvania, of one hundred
and twenty guns, that employed nine hundred
men to fight her guns. In lieu of them nine or
twelve men will fight one of these larger guns.
