1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1243
any one else to speak afterward. But if gen-
tlemen are going on with this debate I move
that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. IIO WAJJD. I wish, to make one obser-
vation in response to what has been said by
the honorable Senator from Maine, if the Sen-
ate will allow me. In the first place, I was not
aware of any understanding by which the honor-
able Senator from Maryland was to close the
debate. I may. however, have been mistaken
in this respect, but if that had been his purpose !
must be allowed to say that it does occur to me
that he ought to have proceeded directly with his
speech this morning when he first obtained the
floor. Having obtained the floor, the honor-
able Senator from Illinois begged it as a priv-
ilege, as I understood, to be allowed to say
something in reply to arguments which had
been used against him ; and the honorable
Senator from Illinois proceeded to speak at
great length and to use the time which, prop-
erly belonged to the honorable Senator from
Maryland. The character of the remarks of
the Senator from Illinois was such as seemed
to me then and seems now to require some re-
" sponse at the hands of those Senators to whom
he alluded in his speech. But he having taken
his seat, the honorable Senator from Maryland
rose and proceeded with his remarks, thus
(jutting off all possibility of a reply to the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois, and availing him-
self of the courtesy, if you please so to call it,
of closing the debate by shutting the mouths
of all further opponents. I do not know but
that this is courtesy, but it seems to me that it is
the right of other Senators to respond to the
observations which have been made by his in-
dulgence while he was entitled to the floor.
Mr. "WILSON. It seems very doubtful that
there are Senators, here who desire to speak on
this question, and we shall not be likely toi
press it to a vote to-night, and we can do a
little executive business. I therefore move
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
Mr. CAMERON. It seems to me that this
debate has exhausted itself. I do not think
any speech that can be made now will change
a single vote. It is an embarrassing question,
which has occupied the Senate for the last
month or six weeks, and I think we can just
as well dispose of it now by coming to a vote
at once. 1 do not want to prevent any gentle-
man who desires to make an explanation or
who desires to make a speech from doing so.
I speak so seldom myself that I do not, per-
haps, appreciate the importance of making
speeches; but to accommodate gentlemen, I
hope it will be understood, informally, if you
like, that to-morrow we will sit this question
out, and then 1 will agree either to adjourn or
go into executive session, as our friends may
aesire. But we ought to fix some day to dis-
pose of this subject. One speech provokes an-
other, and we shall go on probably for weeks
yet discussing this question if we continue to
go on as we are. It is due to the gentleman
who expects to have a seat here that this ques-
tion should be decided. It is due to the sov-
ereign State of Maryland that the question
should be decided, so that if he is not admitted
she may elect another proper representative.
I do not know how to put the proposition ex-
actly, but I wish it understood that if we do not
take the vote to-day we shall sit it out to-mor-
row until it is disposed of.
Several Senators. Very well; to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, on the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts, that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
The motion was not agreed to—ayes nine,
noes not counted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Sen-
ate adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the Senator sub-
mits that motion, I will propose that at three
o'clock to-morrow the vote^ shall be taken.
This has been done several times before, and
I trust that by three o'clock to-morrow we
shall be ready to vote. I will, with the con-
sent of the Senator from Maine, move that at
three o'clock to morrow 
Mr. FESSENDEN. We never take a vote
of that sort, but there is sometimqs an un-
derstanding to that effect. I think, however,
there is no debate allowed on a motion to ad-
journ. •
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Maine moved that the Senate adjourn.
Does he withdraw the motion?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on that motion.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 18, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
order op business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now commenced.
farjijbjbs' and citizexs' bank.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. I ask
unanimous consent to report back from the
Committee on Banking and Currency joint
resolution (H. R. No. 10">) authorizing the
Comptroller of the Currency to revoke the
appointment of a receiver for the Fanners'
and Citizens' National Bank of Williamsburg,
New York, and to restore said bank to its owners
under certain conditions. The committee have
instructed me to report a substitute forthe joint
resolution. I will state that there is a written
report detailing the circumstances under which
the receiver was appointed, and also the rea-
sons why the Comptroller should be author-
ized to revoke that appointment. The case
demands action at the present time, and I
hope there will be no objection.
No objection was made, and the report was
received.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the reading of
the report.
The Clerk read the report.
The substitute for thejoint resolution reported
by the Committee on Banking and Currency
was then read. It authorizes the Comptroller
of the Currency, with the approval of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, to revoke tho order for
the appointment of a receiver for the Farmers'
and Citizens' Bank of Williamsburg, New
York, and restore said bank and the manage-
ment thereof to the directors for the purpose
of enabling the assoeiation to continue the busi-
ness of banking; provided that the said bank-
ing association shall first present to the Comp-
troller satisfactory assurances that the public
interests will be promoted thereby, and shall
secure in such manner as the Comptroller shall
direct full payment of alt creditors of the asso-
ciation, and shall restore tho capital stock to
its original amount in case the capital has been
impaired by losses.
The substitute was adopted.
Thcjointresolution, asamendod, wasordered
to bo engrossed and read a third time ; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third lime, and passed.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the joint reso-
lution was passed; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
report op elliot c. cowdin.
Mr. KELLEY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Jtesohed, That the Secretary of State be directed
to transmit to this House a copy of the report of
Elliot C. Cowdin, esq., commissioner to the Fans
Exposition of 186*, on silk and silk manufactures.
MATIONAt BASKS. :
Mr. BUTLER, by unanimous consent, intro<-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 762) to'amend the act
establishing the national banks ;' which was
read a first and second time and referred to the
Committee on Banking and Currency.
BELIEF OF AMERICAN CITIZENS ABROAD.
Mr. STARKWEATHER, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 763) for
the relief of American citizens abroad ; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill was read at length. It appropriates
the sum of $50,000, which amount, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, the Secretary of
State is authorized to use for the relief of the
personal wants or for the return to this country
of American citizens who are destitute of
means ; who have been or may be imprisoned
in foreign countries without just cause ; who
have been or may be discharged without trial
or acquitted on trial; and it is made the duty of
the Secretary of State to report in detail to
Congress all the disbursements made under
this bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr.. STARKWEATHER. I wish to say a
single word. This bill proposes to provide for
certain men who have been arrested in foreign
countries—our own citizens; those who have
been imprisoned without cause, or who have
been acquitted on trial or released without
trial, and who are entirely destitute of means.
It proposes that this sum shall be appropriated
for their return to this country. The matter
was referred to yesterday during the debate
on the consular and diplomatic appropriation
bill, and within a few days my attention has
been called to the cases of some soldiers who
served during the entire war in the Union
Army, one of whom, in particular, went abroad
and was arrested, confined in prison for six
months without any cause, then finally dis-
charged, his health broken, no means what-
ever in his possession, and now he desires to
return to this country. On application' the
Secretary of State says that he has no means
for this purpose. This bill provides a limited
sum to meet just such, casos as I have described.
Now, it seems to me, after what was said
here yesterday, and taking into consideration
the fact that the Secretary of State is required
to report in detail in each case, we should pass
this bill without opposition. There are many
eases of extreme hardship where men have
been imprisoned for months without any cause,
and discharged without trial, or if tried not
convicted, and now are without means to re-
turn to this country. I trust this bill will pass,
and upon it I call the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
bill will be referred to tho Committee on Ap-
propriations.
The SPEAKER. That motion will be in
order if the previous question is voted down.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. _ There are so
many pressing cases of this kind, and this bill
is so well guarded, I think there should be
no objection to it.
The previous question was then seconded,
upon a division—ayes 70, noes 26; and the main
question was ordered.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Upon that
question 1 call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 114, nays 29, not voting
40; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Archer, Arnell.
James M. Ashley. Axtell. Baker, Banks, Bamum,
Beatty. Beck. Bingham, Boulwell, Brooks, Buckland,
Burr Cajy, Chanter, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke,
Sidney Clark, Cobb, Coburn, Cornell, Cullom, Dodge,
•Eckley, Bggleston, Eldridge, Eliot, Ferriss, Ferry,
Fields, Getz, Glossbrenner, Golladay, Gravely, Gris-
wold, Grover,Haisht, Holman. Hopkins, Hotchkiss,
Chester!). Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard,llalburd,
Humphrey, Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenekes. Johnson.
