1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3291
But it is said that they own $3,200,000 in ;
bonds. How much are they worth? The i
bonds of the Government are not granted to i
the company ; they are loaned to the company.
The company is bound to pay the interest on
these bonds semi-annually from year to year,
and when matured to pay the principal. How
much are their bonds worth? They issue their
promises to pay to the amount of $1,600,000.
Who pays these bonds? The company will
pay the interest on them as it matures, and the
principal when the bonds mature. That is to
say the company are in debt $3,200,000, and
that is figured up here as evidence of vast
wealth held by this company. Why, Mr. Presi-
dent, suppose these bonds were all in the
pocket of my friend from New York, and he
held them in his pocket until they matured,
the interest must be paid by him each six
months from year to year, and when the bonds
mature he must pay the principal,of what value
are they to him ? I never knew that it enriched
a man to give his promise to pay bearing
interest.
If he holds his own note against himself, of
what value is it to him? It ia valueless; and
most men when they acquire possession of
their own paper obligating them to pay money,
destroy it as soon as they have the legal right
to do so. How is it if they receive the paper
of another party, and are bound when they
receive that paper to pay interest on if, and to
pay the principal when it is due? ft is no better
than thetr own paper. In ttie end the com-
pany must pay this $3,200,000, if it has ever
been issued; but the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Pacific llailroad read from a
paper just now, which I believe he received
from the Secretary of the Treasury within a
few days, showing that they have drawn but
about six hundred thousand dollars, I think,
of Government bonds.
Mr. EDMONDS. That is a mistake. This
company have got their whole $1,600,000, or
else I am very much at fault.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator from Mich-
igan can furnish the exact information, I
apprehend.
Mr. HOWARD. I will read from a com-
munication dated " Treasury Department, June
IS, 1868," a "statement showing the amount
of United States bonds issued to the several
Pacific railroad companies; the amount of
aeciued interest thereon to date, and the
amount paid by the said companies under the
fifth section of the act of July 2, 1802," and
among the items is "issued to the Atchison
and Pike's Peak railroad," which is the old
name of this corporation, "$640,000" of
United States bonds, and the interest accrued
upon them is $67,661 74.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now give us a statement
of the amount of bonds issued to the " Central
Branch UnionPacific railroad," thenewname
of this corporation,
Mr. HOWARD. It is the same corporation
under a new name.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I know it; but what I
wish to get at is whether that statement covers
all bonds issued to this company under all
names, or only covers the bonds issued under
its old name.
Mr. HOWARD. It goes by this name.
This is the same corporation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I know ; but sincethose
bonds were issued, its name has been changed
to " Central Branch Union Pacific," its pres-
ent. name. My friend from Michigan will find,
unless I am verv much mistaken, that in order
to accomodate this company—it was perfectly
right that it should be done—when its name
was changed, all the bonds issued afterward
were issued under its new name.
Mr. HOWARD. I think not. This com-
munication was sent to mo in answer to a reso-
lution passed by the Committee on the 1 acinc
Railroad, asking for specific information as to
the wholeamountof Government bonds issued
to the Union Pacific Railroad Company and
each and all its branches, with a statement of
the iaterestacerued upon the bonds thus issued,
and the interest repaid to the Government. I
have not by me at this moment the letter which
I addressed to the Department, but I will read
the letter of the Secretary, dated June 15,1868:
M Sir : X have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your letter of the 12th instant, relative to the
amount of bonds issued to the several Pacific rail-
road companies, the accrued interest thereon, and
the amount repaid to the United States by said com-
panies. In reply, I herewith inciose a statement
giving the information required."
The fact of the change of name is perfectly
notorious.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, this is im-
material, for if they have not, as I suppose they
have not, drawn the whole of the bonds, they
may draw them, for they have built the whole
one hundred miles, and, therefore, are entitled
to them. I only mention it incidentally as a
passing fact. They may draw the whole of
them, and they may issue an equal amount of
their own bonds; but of what value are they?
They give the company credit for the time being,
and that is all. The United States, therefore, has
merely loaned to this company the $1,600,000
of bonds, and the company accepting the pro-
visions of the laws of 1862 and 1864, is bound
to pay every dollar of it when matmed; so
that instead of being capital on hand, it is a
debt owed. Now, to ascertain how much the
company is worth as a corporation, I appre-
hend you would assess the value of their lands,
the value of their road-bed, their rolling-stock,
and their equipment, and deduct therefrom
the amount of their debts; then deduct at
least the $3,200,000 which they owe in bonds,
one half of it to the United States, and the
other half to private holders.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 beg to make a correc-,
tion in reference to the statement which I read
before. The whole amount of bonds issued
to this corporation is $1,600,000, and they
were issued to the corporation under different
names.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend will permit
me to say that his own statement shows it is
just as I stated before. Six hundred and forty
thousand dollars of bonds were issued under
the name of the Atchison and Pike's Peak
railroad, and the balance, nearly a million,
under the new name, Central Branch Union
Pacific.
Mr. HARLAN. I am very glad to be
accurate, and I am obliged to Senators for
correcting me as to this fact; but, as I before
observed, it makes no difference ; for if they
had not received these bonds they had a right
to draw them under the law; but drawing
these bonds, they merely obligate themselves
to pay them when they become due. It is
an advantage to the company in this way,
the credit of the United States in the money
markets of the world is better than the credit
of a company, and therefore to hold the paper
of the United States with authority to negotiate
it enables them to raise money when perhaps
otherwise they would not be able to do so on
terms so good.
And making the lien of the Government for
the ultimate payment of these bonds a second
class lien oil the road makes the company's
bonds equal to the Government bonds in
amount, equally valuable. It is, therefore, of
very great advantage to the company to ha,ve
the privilege of negotiating these bonds to raise
money to construct the road ; but in estimating
the wealth of the company you must deduct
the whole amount of their indebtedness. A
part of that indebtedness is the liability, ulti-
mately. to pay the Government bonds, and to
pay the company's bonds in addition to their
other indebtedness ; and the value of the fran-
chise is just so much in value as will be left
after deducting from the whole the amount of
this indebtedness.
It may not be to the interest of the company
to make these naked statements of tact; but
it may and probably is necessary to make them
in order that we may arrive at their true con-
dition in a financial point of view ; and as that
was supposed to be material by the Senator
from New York, I have felt It to be proper to
thus expose what I deem a logical fallacy in
the use of its effect-
Mr. C0NKLING. As the Senator is ad-
dressing this argument for my benefit espe-
cially, will he allow me to make an inquiry?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. The argument is con-
clusive, I think, and that I may understand the
full force of it, I wish to ask the Senator whether
it proves this: that the larger subsidies a road
receives the poorer it becomes in respect of
being the more in debt,; so that the Union
Pacific road having received, as this statement
shows, an enormous subsidy, is the most un-
fortunate, the most largely indebted, and comes
the nearest to being insolvent of any corpora-
tion that we know anything about.
Mr. HARLAN. Why, certainly, Mr. Pres-
ident, it is so if their property is not worth an
amount proportionately great, just as if the
Senator should pay $100 for a horse that was
worth but fifty dollars; if he went in debt fifty
dollars and bought the horse he would be in a
less ruinous condition financially than if he
went in debt $100 for the same horse ; but if
he bought a horse worth double the former
with his $100, I suppose his financial condi-
tion would not be changed ; and so with these
roads.
Mr. CONIiLlNG. So that to complete the
statement, if I may understand it, if the road
receives from the Government lands and the
right to mortgage those lands to the amout of
$16,000, which is a first lien upon them, and
then receives in addition to that $16,000 more
in the credit and obligation ofthe Government,
it is poor by reason of that fact. The Govern-
ment having created the basis of its own mort-
gage, and allowed the company to make the
incumbrance upon that the primary lien, and
thendonatedthem$16,000amile besides, which
goes, and properly goes, into the statement of
the public debt which the Government owes,
because they have done that, and then had au
understanding with the company that the Gov-
ernment is to be indemnified against the inter-
est, and they are to provide for the paper in the
end, they become poor by the operation ! If
that is what the Senator means, 1 confess I
cannot comprehend him.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I do not,
mean any such thing, and never said any such
thing, and nothing that I have said can prop-
erly be tortured into any such thing.
The Senator ■ says, " if the United States
grants land to the company." Why, sir, he
knows as well as every other Senator that the
grant of land is absolute. If the company
build the road they get a title in fee to the
land ; and I never said, and did not intend to
be understood as saying, that the more land
you granted to a company the poorer it be-
comes ; nor did I ever say that the more bonds
the company borrowed the poorer it would
become if they were properly invested. I said
it would be an advantage to the company to
hold the bonds of the United States, it it was
necessary for them to borrow money, because
the credit of the United States is worth more
in the market, or is supposed to be, than the
credit of any one of these companies. Holding
the bonds of the United States to negotiate,
they could borrow money on better terms, and
consequently could build the road at a clieaper
rate, and their franchise on that account would
be the more valuable.
But when this work shall have been com-
pleted, and when these bonds shall have become
matured, and when the company comes to foot
up its assets and liabilities, I ask the Senator
to tell me if it will not be compelled to deduct
from its assets the bonds as one part of its lia-
bilities. To be sure, if it should break up. if
it should become insolvent and not be able to
pay its debts, then the Government could not
collect the bonds. But suppose the money is
invested properly, and the road is worth ail
that it costs, and these stockholders put m a
part of the money out of their own poefcets;
they sell the land for money and put that in,
negotiate their bonds and Government bonds
