1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4315
and 1 am told is his brother, and his name
was recently before us, as was the name of the
other .atiiant, Mr. Bowen, as petitioners to be
themselves relieved from the very disabilities,
in point of law, which are now alleged against
Sir. Sawyer. 1 think 1 am right in my recol-
lection tnat both of these men were included in
the act for removing disabilities recently passed.
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. One of them presented
a case which I should think might impose
upon him properly the obligations of charity
and temperance, at least m making imputa-
tions upon others. It will be observed that
these men, who make this atlidavit here within
a few days and for a purpose which is obvious,
one being the near relative of the contestant
of this election in South Carolina, and making
it, no doubt, as strong as they could, state
nothing, as I insist again, which amounts to a
legal or tangible allegation. They say, using
the stereotyped phrase—it becomes stereotyped
by repetition—that they have "reasous to be-
lieve" so and so. What reasons? Suppose
an examining magistrate is receiving a com-
plaint for petit larceny of a complainant, does
lie tolerate him in a statement of that sort?
Never. Certain things he may state upon
information and beliet; but it is not for him to
state that locked up in his bosom and convic-
tion are undisclosed reasons upon which he
comes to a certain conclusion. That is the
allegation here to fasten upon Mr. Sawyer a
condition of facts not only extraordinary, but
which, 1 think, not a single member of this
body believes exists or can exist. X am free
to say that I do not believe one word of it.
What is the difficulty ? There has been a con-
tested election, with a great deal of heat evidently
on both sides. If there be a shadow of found-
ation for this charge, what is the difficulty in
presenting it to us in the ordinary way, and at
the hands of men who know something about
it? This secondary evidence is suspicious.
There are cases where secondary evidence is
not suggestive at all of insincerity or imposi-
. tion ; but when you come to facts so conspic-
uous, so patent in their character as the tacts
alleged here, and when the motive for alleging
the existence of those facts is so strong as it
must be on the part of a large number of per-
sons in South Carolina, I submit that it is very
suspicious that no man comes before us upon
paper who alleges that he knows anything about
it himself, or who is willing even to mention
the name of any person who informs him.
These two affiants say that they understand
that the following-named persons are witnesses
on this subject, and they name Mr. Sawyer
himself as a credible witness to one allegation.
He, doubtless, knows about these other allega-
tions, but they do not name him in regard to
them, but they say they are informed that the
persons named have information on the sub-
ject. 1 submit that it is utterly unsatisfactory
and utterly inadequate, as coming up to any
rule that i know of on which the Senate has
heretofore acted.
Now, I wish to make a single remark about
the latter part of this protest, that to which the
honorable Senator from Wisconsin a moment
ago directed his attention. I call his attention
to the fact that the essence of the allegation
is that, "the persons casting the same,that
is. this liumbi'r of vptes referred to, had their
seats contested before the Senate and House of
.Representatives of said State." Now, sir, is
it possible that the Senateot the United States
or the House of .Representatives can go behind
the composition of the body which elected the
Senator and investigate the question of con-
tested elections there? The Senator from
Wisconsin agrees with me that it cannot be
done. If the election of a member claiming
a seat in this body is contested within the pro-
vision of the Constitution, ii'ion that we can
pass, and that we can investigate. But if a
man comes here saving " I should be entitled
to a seat in the Senate but for the fact that in
the Assembly of the State of New York cer-
tain men were sitting andvoLing and permitted
by that body to vote, whose seats were con-
tested by somebody else," that question we
cannot investigate, neither preliminaiily nor
ultimately. N' ever, i submit, can that question
be brought into this forum.
Mr. HOWE. It that the subsisting fact
upon which the allegation is made?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly it is. I will
read it:
"That the totat voto oast, was one hundred anil
forty-nine, requiring seventy-five votes to elect, and
that of the vote so cast, the said A. (t. Mackey re-
ceived sixty-eif?ht and the said Sawyer received
seventy-six, and your protestanto declare and believe
that of the votes so cast lor the said Sawyer  
were illegal, the persons casting the same having then
scats contested before the senate and house of rep-
resentatives of said State."
That is the gravamen of the allegation.
Mr. HOWE. There is something beyond
that about frauds.
Mr. CONKLING. Oh, yes; I see now what
you mean—•' of said State for gross frauds in
their election"—that is, in the election of these
persons voting in the .Legislature ol South Car-
olina. We shall ail agree that that is entirely
beyond thepurvievv of our functions here ; and
therefore the sole question is whether upon
vague and secondary evidence, fully met as it
seems to me by the paper presented by the
Senator from Massachusetts, and fully met by
the personal knowledge and personal declara-
tions of Senators here, we are to refer this case
to a committee at the very expiration of this
session, upon an allegation that witnesses are
to be found whose whereabouts are such that
these protestants perfectly well know that the
inevitable result is to be, 110 matter how inno-
cent and meritorious Mr. Sawyer is, to throw
him over to a future session of Congress be-
fore he can qualify and take his seat. That
strikes me as being, I will not say the purpose,
but the obvious and inevitable effect of this
proceeding.
Some man, they have heard, in Charleston
has an order under which he or somebody else
purchased confederate bonds, and apparently,
on this day of grace, or to morrow, wc are to
issue a precept, and the marshal is to be sent
down into South Carolina to limit up this indi-
vidual and bring lnm here on some future day
when we do not expect to be in session. I
believe that it is a harsh and discreditable pro-
ceeding, which I think this affidavit would war-
rantmein characterizing still more harshly than
I do. The honorable Senator from Michigan
felt it his duty, and naturally, upon seeing these
papers, to present them. He has discharged
that duty, and 1 trust he and all of us may
assent to Mr. Sawyer being sworn in, leaving
these parties at leisure, their full opportunity
and day in court, to turn Mr. Sawyer out if in
truth it turns out he should not be here.
Mr. P0MER.0 Y. This question, I suppose,
should be disposed of by a vote of the Senate.
There are two questions of privilege. The
higher question of privilege is the motion
which I shall make, and that is, that we pro-
ceed to swear Mr. Sawyer. If the Senate vote
that down, then the next question of privilege
will be on the reference, i do not propose to
take any time in discussing the matter. One
of the witnesses referred to by these contest-
ants, the Rev. T. 0. Rice, is a brother-in-law
of mine. He stayed there during the war, and
it is from him and his wife that i leaiu all the
facts in this case. Their church was burnt
down, but they kept together a band of loyal
men and women, and this Mr. Sawyer was one
of them, and the character given him by the
very witness to whom the affiants rcler. Rev.
T. O. Rice, is of the highest kind.
Mr. HOWARD. It appears to me that the
motion made by the honorable Senator from
Kansas is not strictly in order.
Mr. POMEROY. I make it because it is
the highest question ol privilege, it relates
to the immediate organization of the body,
which takes precedence of a motion to refer.
Mr. HOWARD, it cannot take precedence
of my motion.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I raise a question
of order, and let us have it decided.
Mr. HOWARD. I suppose that the ques-
tion of order is debatable.
Mr. POMEROY. No; it is not. I desire
to have the question of order settled before the
debate proceeds.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. What is
the question ?
Mr. POMEROY. My point is that a mo-
tion to swear in the Senator-elect is of the
highest privilege, and therefore must be put
first.
Mr. HOWARD. My motion is under dis-
cussion.
Mr. POIIEROY. I admit the Senator's
motion is under discussion; but the highest
question of privilege is the question of swear-
ing in ; and that is the motion I make.
Mr. HOWARD. It is quite plain that the
whole question will turn upon this motion, then,
for it will be impossible for the Senate to un-
seat the member after he shall have taken his
seat under such a motion as that. The ground
of my objection is based upon the statute of
18G2, that lie cannot take the oath. That is
the point of it, and I ask an investigation in
behalf of those who have signed these papers
to ascertain whether he can safely and truly
take the oath.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Kansas raises a question of order.
Mr. POMEROY^. I want that settled.
The PRESIDENT pro Unvpore. The rules
of the Senate make no prescription on this
subject. They throw no light upon it. There-
fore we are brought to the principle of reason
to guide us. The two motions really amount
to the same thing. If these papers are not
sent to the committee, then the man is to be
sworn in undoubtedly. It results in the same
thing. But if a distinction is to be made the
first thing is probably to swear in the man if
there is no objection to him ; but if objection
arises that should be disposed of betore he can
be sworn in. Objections are made to the
present applicant. It strikes me that they
must be disposed of before lie is sworn in.
Both questions are the same in effect; there
does not seem practically to be any difference
in result.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to say one word m
reply to the honorable Senator from New
York : I will not make a large draft upon the
patience of the Senate. I have presented
these papers in good faith, and I have no
doubt that those who have signed them have
signed them in good faith, under the expecta-
tion that an investigation would be had. Now,
as is generally the case with the honorable
Senator from New York, he attempts to do
awijy with the force of the atlidavit w Inch I have
caused to be read here by throwing ridicule
upon it, and insisting that it does not state any
particular fact upon which the Senate can act.
The ridicule and the contempt with which he
speaks of that paper constitutes no argument
whatever; and it is liardly worthy of the occa-
sion, let me say, or the subject about which we
are talking, that an attempt should be made,
without cause, gratuitously, to throw ridicule
and discredit upon those deponents.
It is very true that one ol the affiants in that
affidavit is a brother ol Mr. Mackcy, who was
a competitor against Mr. Sawyer for an elec-
tion to this body. Is he any the worse for
that? Is he any the less a creditable wit-
ness because he happens to be the brother of
Mr. Maekey ? And who is the Mr. Mackey re-
| ferred to? He was the president of the South
ll Carolina convention that, framed the present
l| constitution of that State, and I believe by
I- the assent of all it is admitted that he dis-
j charged his duty in the most beeomitigaud in-
1 teiligent manner ; and it is admitted by those
! best acquainted with that convention and with
i: atfairs in South Carolina that that constitution
j: owes much of'its excellence to his intelligence,
his learning, liis patriotism, and his sound
! Republican doctiine. . , .
!j Mr. CONKLING. Which one is that, A.
> G.. or the other? ,
jj HOWAlUX A. Gr* Bat what can we
