210
SUPPLEMENT TO
neither spoken of in the discussion, nor offered or
received in evidence: Therefore,
Ordered, That such tabular statements be omitted
from th e proceedings of the trial as published by rule
of the Senate,
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Is that a matter
for discussion?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The order will be
for present consideration unless objected to.
Mr. FERRY. I ask its present considera-
tion.
_ The CHIEF JUSTICE. There is no objec-
tion. It is before the Senate.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I only desire to
say, sir, that I stated the effect of the tabular
statements yesterday. I did not read them at
length, because it would take too much time,
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I rise
to a question of order and propriety. I wish
to know whether it is the right of any Senator
to defend the Secretary of the Treasury against
attacks that are here made upon him, or whether
our mouths are closed while these attacks are
made; and if it is not the province and right
of a Senator to defend him in his office, whether
it is the right of the Manager to make an attack
upon him?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question of
order is made by the resolution proposed by
the Senator from Connecticut. Upon that
question of order, if the Senate desire to de-
bate, it will be proper that it should retire for
consultation. If no Senator moves that order,
the Chair conceives that it is proper that the
honorable Manager should be heard in expla-
nation.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. T wish to say, sir,
that I did not read the tables because they
would be too voluminous. I had them in my
hands; I made them a part of my argument;
I rend the conclusions of them, and stated the
inferences to be drawn from them, and 1 thought
it was due to myself and due to the Senate that
they should be put exactly as they were, and 1
therefore incorporated them in the Globe.
To the remark of the honorable Senator, I
simply say that I made no attack on the Sec-
retary of the Treasury ; I said nothing of him ;
I did not know that he was here at all to bo
discussed ; but I dealt with the act as the aet
of the Executive simply, and whenever called
upon to show I can show the reasons why I
dealt with that.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the order submitted by the Senator from
Connecticut.
The Secretary again read the order.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, I under-
stood the Senator from Indiana to inquire if
under the rules he could lie permitted to make
an explanation, or to make a defense of the
Secretary of the Treasury ?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The rules positively
prohibit debate.
Mr. ANTHONY. But by unanimous con-
sent I suppose the rule could be suspended.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I object.
The CHIEF J USTICIi. Objection is made.
Senators, you who are in favor of agreeing to
the order proposed by the Senator from Con-
necticut will please say ay, those of the con-
trary opinion no. [Putting the question.]
The ayes appear to have it. The ayes have
it, and the order is adopted.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Gentlemen of
counsel for the President, you will please pro-
ceed with the defense.
Mr. CURTIS. The Sergeant-at-Arms will
call William W. Armstrong.
William W. Akmstkonu sworn and ex-
amined.
By Mr. Curtis :
Question. Please state your name in full ?
Answer. William W. Armstrong.
Question. Where do you reside? j
Answer. I reside in Cleveland, Ohio. j
Mr. DRAKE. I ask permission to make a i
suggestion to the Chair, in reference to our ;
hearing-on this side of the Chamber. Will the i
Chair instruct the witness to turn his face in
this direction ?
Mr. EVAIITS. Mr. Chief Justice, if we
may be allowed a suggestion, there is not so
much silence in the Chamber as would be
possible, and we must take witnesses with such
natural powers as they possess.
Mr. CURTIS, (to the witness.) Speak as
loud as you can.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Conversation in
the Senate Chamber must be suspended.
By Mr. Curtis :
Question. Repeat, if you please, what is
your residence?
Answer. Cleveland, Ohio.
Question. And what is your occupation or
business?
Answer. I am one of the editors and pro-
prietors of the Cleveland Plaindealer.
Question. Were you at Cleveland at the time
of the visit made to that city by President
Johnson in the summer of 1866?
Answer. I was.
Question. Were you present at the formal
reception of the President by any committee
or body of men ?
Answer. I was.
Question. State by whom he was received ?
Answer. The President and his party arrived
at Cleveland about half past eight o'clock in
the evening, and were escorted to the Kennard
House. After partaking of a supper the Pres-
ident was escorted on to the balcony of the
Kennard House, and there was formally wel-
comed to the city of Cleveland, on behalf of
the municipal authorities and the citizens, by
the president of the city council.
Question. Did the President respond to that
address of welcome ?
Answer, lie did.
Question. What was the situation of this bal-
cony in reference to the street, in reference to
its exposure and publicity, and whether or not
there was a large crowd of persons present?
Answer. There was a very large crowd of
persons present, and there were quite a large
number of people on the balcony.
Question. How did it proceed after the Pres-
ident begun to respond?
Answer. For a few moments there were no
interruptions, and I judge from what the Pres-
ident said that he dill not intend  
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Excuse me. Stop
a moment, if you please. I object to what the
witness supposed were the President's inten-
tions.
By Mr. Curtis :
Question. From what you heard and saw
was the President in the aet of making a con-
tinuous address to the assembly, or was he in-
terrupted by the crowd, and describe how the
affair proceeded ?
Answer, Well, sir, the President commenced
his speech by saying that he did not intend to
make a speech. I think, to the best of my
recollection, he said that he had simply come
there to make the acquaintance of the people,
and bid them good-bye. I think that was about
the substance of the first paragraphs of his
speech. He apologized for the non-appear-
ance of General Grant, and then proceeded
with his speech.
Question. How did he proceed, sir? Was
it a part of his address, or was it in response
to calls made upon him by the people ? De-
scribe what occurred ?
Answer, Well, sir, I did not hear all of the
speech.
Question. Did you hear calls upon him from
the crowd and interruptions ?
Answer. I did, quite a number of them.
Question. From what you saw and heard the
President say, and all that occurred, was the
President closing his remarks at the time when
these interruptions began?
Answer. That I cannot say.
Question. Can you say whether these inter- !
ruptions and calls upon the President wp,re |
responded to by his remarks? j
Answer. Some of them were. i
Question. Were the interruptions kept up
during the continuance of the address, or was
he allowed to proceed without interruption?
Answer. They were kept up very nearly to
the conclusion of the President's speech.
Question. What was the character of the
crowd? Was it orderly or disorderly?
Answer. Well, sir, the large majority of the
crowd were orderly.
Question. As to the rest?
Answer. There was a good deal of disorder.
Question. Was that disorder confined to one
or two persons, or did it affect enough to give
a character to the interruptions?
Answer. I have no means of ascertaining
how many were engaged in the interruptions.
Question. That is not what I asked you. I
asked you whether there was enough to give f
general character to the interruptions?
Answer. There were quite a number of
voices. Whether they were all from the same
persons or not I am not able to say.
Cross-examined by Mr. Manager Butler:
Question. F. W. Pelton, esq., was the pres-
ident of the city council, was he not?
Answer. I believe so.
Question. Was not his address on the bal-
cony to the President simply in the hearing
of those who were outhe balcony, and did not
the President after he had received that wel-
come address then step forward to speak to
the multitude ?
Answer. I believe that after Mr. Pelton ad-
dressed the President several of the distin-
guished gentlemen who accompanied the party
were presented, and then, in response to calls,
the President presented himself.
Question. Presented himself in response to
the crowd?
Answer. In response to the  
Mr. CURTIS. In response to what?
The Witness. In response to the calls.
By Mr. Manager Butleb :
Question. Would you say that this was a
correct or incorrect report of that proceeding:
" About ten o'clock, the supper being over, the
party retired to the balcony, where the President
was formally welcomed to the Forest City by F. W.
Pelton, esq., president of the eity council, as fol-
lows:
"'Mr. President: On behalf of the municipal au-
thorities of the city X cordially extend to you the
hospitalities of the citizens of Cleveland, ffo recog-
nize you as the Chief Magistrate of this now free
Republic and the chosen guardian of their lights
and liberties. Wo are grateful for the oppoitunity
ufforded by your visit to our city to honor you as our
Chief Magistrate, and again I extend to you and to
the distinguished members of your party a hearty
welcome.'"
Was that about the substance of Mr. Pel-
ton's address ?
Answer. That was about the substance, I
think.
Question. Then:
"The President and several members of his party
then appeared at the front of tho balcony and were
introduced to the people?"
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Then :
"The vast multitude that filled the streets below
was boisterous, and sometimes bitter and sarcastic
in their calls, interludes, and replies, though some-
times exceedingly apt."
Would you say that was about a fair repre-
sentation ?
Answer. I do not think there were any calls
or any interruptions of the President's speech
until after he had proceeded some five or teu
minutes.
Question. But, whenever they did come,
would that be a fair representation of them?
Answer. What is your question, sir?
Question. "The vast multitude that filled
the streets below was boisterous, and some-
times bitter and sarcastic in their calls? "
Answer. They were to some extent.
Question. "They listened with attention
part of the time, and at other times eompletely
drowned the President's voice with their vocif-
erations.'' Was that so?
Answer. Yes, sir, that was so.
Question. "After all the presentations had
