1244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
Judd, Julian, Kelsoy, Korr, Kctchani, Kitchen, Knott.
Laflin, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan,
Lynch, Marshall, McCarthy, McCormick, McOul-
lough, Mercur, Miller, Moorhead, Morgan, Morrell,
Mungen.Newcomb, Niblack, Nioholson, Orth, Paine,
Phelps, Pike, Pile, Plants, Poland, Polsley, Price,
Pruyn, Randall, Robertson, Robinson, Sclye, Smith,
Spalding, Starkweather, Aaron J?. Stovens, Stokes,
xaber, Taylor, Thomas, Lawrence S. Trimble, Trow-
bridge, l^richell Upson, Van Auken, Burt Van Horn,
Van Wyck, Welkor, William Williams, James F.
Wilson, John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Wood,
Woodbndge, and Woodward—114.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Baldwin, Bcaman, Brom-
well, Broomall, Butler, Covode, Ifarnsworth, Hard-
ing, Hawkins, lligby, Asahel W. Hubbard, Kelley,
Creorge V. Lawrence, Marvin, Moore, Mullins, Myers,
Numi, 0 Neill, Perham, Scofield, John Trimble, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, ISIihu 13. Washburne, Henry
B. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Thomas Wil-
liams, and Windom—29.
NOTyOTIXS—Messrs. Anderson, Dolos R. Ash-
ley,Bailey, Barnes, Benjamin,Ben ton,Blaine, Blair,
Boyer, Cake, Cook, Dawes, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs,
Ela, Finney, Fox, (iarfioid, Halsey, Hill, Hooper,
Jones, Koontz, Loushndge, Mallory, Maynard,
McClurg, Morrissey, Peters, Poraeroy, Itaum, Ross,
Sawyer, Schenck, Shanks, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves,
Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart, Stone, Talle, Van
Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Trump, and
Ward—46.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. STARKWEATHER moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OHIO FALLS SIIIP-CANAt.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution ; which was read,
considered, and adopted:
Keeolved, That the President be requested to com-
municate to this House any_ report that may hare
been made, in pursuance of joint resolution No. 30,
approved March 29,1867, ill reference toaship-canai
around the falls of the Ohio river.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE,
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Fornet,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, House
bill No. 510, to facilitate the collcction of
the direct tax in the State of Delaware.
WAR OF 1812.
Mr. ELIOT. I insist upon the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of House bill No. (XKJ,
granting pensions to certain soldiers and sail-
ors of the war of 1812. At the conclusion of
the morning hour of Thursday last the pre-
vious question was pending, having been called
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Miller.]
The first section of the bill directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place on the pension-
rolls the names eff such of the surviving officers
and enlisted men, including militia and volun-
teers, of the military and naval service of the
United States who served consecutively for
three months in the war with Great Britain of
1812, and who were honorably discharged, and
who at no time during the late rebellion have
adhered to the cause of the enemies of the
Government, giving them aid and comfort, but
who were constantly and continuously loyal to
the Government, and can truthfully take and
subscribe the oath contained in the act of July
2. 1862, and who are in circumstances which
render them dependent on others for support.
The second section provides that this act
shall not apply to any person who is dependent
upon others for support m pursuance of any
contract for such support based upon a valu-
able consideration, nor to any person who is
receiving a pension at the rate ot eight dollars
per month, nor shall it be construed so as to
allow more than one pension to the same per-
son, Pensions under this act shall be at the
rate of eight dollars per month, and shall be
paid to the persons entitled thereto at that rate
for and during the term of their natural lives.
The third section provides that before the
name of any person shall be placed on the pen-
sion-rolls under this act proof shall be made,
under such rules and regulations as the Secre-
tary of the Interior may prescribe, that the
applicant is entitled to a pension under the
provisions of this act. The loss of a certificate
of discharge shall not deprive an applicant of
the benefits of this act, but other proof of ser-
vices performed and of an honorable discharge,
if satisfactory, shall be deemed sufficient.
The fourth section provides that the pension
herein allowed shall not be liable to seizure,
levy, attachment, or other process to satisfy
any debt, demand, promise, or other liability;
nor shall any contract, bargain, or agreement
in relation thereto be valid or binding upon the
pensioner, nor shall the same be paid to any
one having any claim upon such pensioner or
interest in the fund, but the same shall be paid
to the pensioner in person or to a disinterested
agent or attorney thereto authorized by a power
executed subsequently to the accruing of the
sum to be received; provided, that when an
agent shall be employed to prepare the neces-
sary proofs and make the application, he shall
be allowed for his entire service in and about
the prosecution of the claim the sum of ten
dollars, and no more, which sum shall consti-
tute a valid charge upon the first payment after
the issuance of the certificate. And if any
person concerned as aforesaid shall for his ser-
vices, or as a gratuity, or under any pretext
whatsoever, demand, accept, or retain a greater
sum than ten dollars, he shall be guilty of a
misdemeanor, and on conviction shall refund
the same and shall bo lined not exceeding
$1,000 and imprisoned not exceeding six
months.
Mr. MILLER. I withdraw the call for the
previous question.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We want
to know how much money this bill will take
from the Treasury before we vote for it.
Mr. MILLER. Mr. Speaker, this bill em-
braces several sections. The first section pro-
vides that such of the surviving officers and
enlisted men, including militia and volunteers
of the military and naval service of the United
States, who served consecutively for three
months in the war with Great Britain of 1812,
and who were honorably discharged, and who
at no time during tho late rebellion have adhered
to the cause of the enemies of the Government,
giving them aid and comfort, but who were
constantly and continuously loyal to the Gov-
ernment, and can truthfully take and subscribe
the oath contained in the act of July 2, 18G2,
and who are in circumstances which render
them dependent on others for support, shall
receive a pension of eight dollars per month
during their natural lives.
This bill does not provide for giving any-
thing to those who served less than three
months, nor does it embrace the widows of
those who thus served.
The second section provides that any per-
son, in order to come within the provisions of
the bill, must bedependentupon others fortheir
support. It will be seen that no provision is
made for those that served less than three
months and the widows of deceased soldiers.
Snch is the bill that is now presented for the
action of the House at this time.
The third section provides that before the
name is entered upon the pension-rolls the
Secretary of the Interior shall prescribe rules
as to the mode of proof that the applicant
is entitled to a pension under the provisions
of this act; and in case the certificate of dis-
charge should be lost proof of service shall
suffice; and the fourth and last section pro-
vides that the pension of such soldier shall not
be subject to seizure, levy, attachment, or other
process to satisfy any debt or demand, nor shall
any contract respecting the same be valid, and
that no agent or attorney shall charge a greater
fee, under any pretext whatever, than ten dol-
lars for his services in procuring such pension,
under the penalty of a fine not exceeding
$1,000 and imprisonment not exceeding six
months.
I find by referring to the records that the
whole number engaged in the, war of J812 in
the Army and Navy of the United States was
527,654, who served as follows:
Soldiers who served twelve months in the regular
Army... 38,186
Sailors and marines who served in the Navy.. 17,846
Militia who served twelve months  7,147
Militia who served six months but less than
twelvo ••••••      66,325
Militia who served three months but less than
six   12o,613
Total serving three months......      255,147
Number who served ono month but less than
thrco     -v 12o,3Q7
Number whoservedless than ono month, some
oi whom were in battle   Hi,33u
Total of soldiers who served in the war of
   
We propose by this bill to pension those
who served not less than three months; and
the whole number coming within this class
was two hundred and fifty-five thousand one
hundred and forty-seven ; and of course but a
small portion of those men are now surviving.
We propose to grant these men a pension of
but eight dollars per month during their natu-
ral lives.
Mr. Speaker, the first provision made in the
way of pensions was' for our soldiers of the
Revolution, and by an act of Congress passed
in 1818, thirty-six years after Great Britain
conceded the independence of these United
States. Afterward, in 1828, another law was
passed extending the provisions of the former
act and making more liberal provision. In
1832 auother act was passed, followed by a
number of supplements. Those acts extended
not only to the surviving soldiers, but to
another meritorious class, to wit, widows
of those who had died. Now, in regard to
those soldiers who served during the revolu-
tionary war, it appears by a report of the Sec-
retary of the Interior that but two of the
veterans who have been placed on the pension-
rolls survive.
Now, fifty-six years from the time the war
of 1812 was declared we propose by this bill to
make provision for the surviving soldiers of
that war. That war was declared June 18,
1812, and was truly denominated the second
war for independence. It lasted some two
years and a half, the treaty of peace being
signed at Ghent, Deeember 24, 1814. Since
that time these men have been knocking at
the door of Congress again and again for
relief.
In the first session of the Thirty-Fifth Con-
gress a bill was introduced giving these men a
pen sion; and it proposed to give them a pension
without regard to their circumstances. That bill
was passed in this House by a majority of 55;
and I am glad to find that among those who
voted for the bill were a number of honorable
gentlemen now occupying seats on this floor,
among them our distinguished Speaker, and
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bixgham,] the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,]
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farn's.
worth,J the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Matxaud,] the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Wilson.] For that noble vote, among others,
we now find the Speaker in his present exalted
position, and perhaps higher honors await him.
Now, Mr. Speaker, as I have already re-
marked, it is fifty-six years since the war of
1812 was declared; and these old soldiers are
many of them in necessitous circumstances.
They are applying to Congress for support;
and tho question is, shall their prayer be
granted ? I ask the Clerk to read a letter which
I have received from one of these old soldiers
residing in the State of Michigan.
The Clerk read as follows:
"This session of Congress I find you have not for-
gotten us, for which may God bless you and yours.
Do you think we shall ever obtain pensions, and if
so, when? lam aa old man. This present winter
counts seventy-nine that I have seen, and a little
help from my country would be thankfully received.
By answering the above questions you will greatly
oblige your friend, HARBY TKALL."
Mr. MILLER. Let the Clerk now read a
