1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2269
have no particular interest in keeping up%iis
number. I would not advocate it for a moment
if I did not believe the public interest would
be subserved by it. I stand alone among all
those who may be regarded as being friends of
the Navy, in being willing to reduce it down
to eighty-five hundred men. This reduction
•does not meet the approbation of the Depart-
ment; it did not meet the approval of a single
member of my committee, so far aslknow, and
I thought I was going a great way in proposing
to reduce it down to that number.
With these remarks, Mr. President, I am pon-
teiit to leave the subject in the hands of the
Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. Mr. President,
1 intend now, as I think I have done heretofore,
to go for those measures of economy which will
serve the public interests; but I do not intend to
run a muck at every bill about which I do not
know as much as the various committees who
havechargeofthem do. In this instance I believe
the Senator from Iowa is a safe leader to fol-
low. He certainly is not in favor of any kind
of extravagance in the Navy, so far as I have
ever observed, watching his course ; and I do
not believe in reducing our Navy down to the
old gunboat system of Thomas Jefferson.
Improvements have taken place, and such
improvements as no doubt give our Navy a
greater effective force than it had prior to the
war; but the navies of other nations have im-
proved in about the same ratio ; so that, rela-
tively, we do not stand better now; perhaps,
than we did prior to the war; and it does re-
quire, in my judgment, more men to man the
vessels which are propelled by steam and wind
than it did when the propelling power was only
sails. It looks to me as though the reduction
that has been proposed is, as far as it is pru-
dent for us, having in view the public welfare,
to go, I shall therefore oppose the amendment
proposed by the Senator from New York.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I am always
in favor of a just economy; but I do not be-
lieve that retrenchment is always economy.
Indeed, I have a very different opinion, both
in relation to public and private affairs. From
the time that I knew anything at all about it
I have been a most decided friend of the Navy ;
and I continue to be so, not only of the mili-
tary navy, but of the commercial navy of the
United States. I regard the Navy as the most
important arm of our public defense. The
geographical position of other Powers, and
th,eir own intrinsic strength in relation to the
United States, are such as to render a stand-
ing army almost unnecessary to our country.
We are in contact with England in her Cana-
dian dominions; we are in contact with Mexico;
but neither of those Powers, with any feelings
of hostility, could at all affect our security or
our interests in.a military point of view. Our
contact with foreign nations is mainly upon the
ocean, and it is in the strength and efficiency of
our Navy that our national force is to be most
imposingly demonstrated to foreign Powers.
The Navy is not unfriendly to liberty. The
Navy is not unfriendly to a free and popular
Government. There is no nation that has
ever been free that I have any knowledge of
whose essence or form of freedom has not been
lost by the agency of armed men. One of the
early American principles, as far as I have
learned them, has been to foster the Navy and
to have a standing Army of the smallest pos-
sible number. I frankly admit that I am a
proselyte to both those theories. I want a
strong and an efficient Navy. I would be will-
ing to vote for a small increase of the naval
force. I am in favor of the policy of keeping
up the Navy at least to its present strength and
efficiency and to evolve and increase it in pro-
portion to the increase of the nation, of its
population, resources, and power. I have taken
as much pride in the Navy, both mercantile
and military, as I have in any institution be-
longing to our country. All the achievements
of the American Navy, in war and peace, have
been a source of pride to me and of the high-
est national and patriotic pleasure. I still
cherish those feelings. I want the time to
return to our country when we shall be the
largest commercial people on the globe ;' that
is, when we shall have the largest commercial
marine. I want to encourage and sustain ship-
building. I want to do it by granting every
facility to the business of ship-building and by
so acting that we shall become the carriers of
the world ; and to this end I will sustain every
measure that is at all proper; and gentlemen
who favor such a policy as that will always find
in me an humble, but a true and most earnest
advocate of it.
lam especially favorableto the Navy because
it in no degree imperils or endangers our insti-
tutions and our constitutional and popular
liberties ; and those very considerations induce
me always to be distrustful of, and inimical to,
a standing army. That jealousy and distrust
and unfriendliness to a standing army which
distinguished the early and able American
statesmanship I have imbibed. 1 still cherish
those sentiments. I believe now that the Army
is three or four times as large as it should be.
Instead of the Navy being too large, and hav-
ing too many sailors, I believe it is rather too
small and has rather too few sailors; and, as I
said' before, I would be willing myself and
always will be found willing, to meet the re-
sponsibility of its just and reasonable enlarge-
ment according to the growth and resources
and power of our country.
Mr. President, I have some facts in relation
to the Army. In 1858 the authorized force of
the Army was eighteen thousand one hundred
and sixty-five; its actual force was seventeen
thousand four hundred and ninety-eight. The
expenditures of the Army for that year were
$12,888,740 73. This year the expenditures
of the Army swell up above the sum of one
hundred million dollars, and the actual num-
ber of soldiers, according to the last authentic
report that I saw, was upward of fifty-eight
thousand.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My honorable
friend undoubtedly intends to be just.
Mr. DAVIS. That is my wish.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. He should con-
sider that in that sum are included the boun-
ties and the expenditures of the Indian war.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes; that I understand.
Mr. HENDRICKS. No, sir; not the boun-
ties of last year. The expenses of the War
Department of this year are estimated includ-
ing the bounties.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No ; I beg the
Senator's pardon.
Mr. HENDRICKS. And they will go up
to $124,000,000.
Mr. DAVIS. I took the figures and expo-
sition of my honorable friend from Indiana in
relation to this subject given a few days ago.
He had investigated the subject, and, if I rec-
ollect his statement, it was thai the estimates
for the Army, independent of the pension-list,
would exceed $100,000,000. I took it to be
authentic and true then, and I shall continue
to do so until the contrary is shown.
Now, sir, the expenses of the Army for the
past year have exceeded those of 1858 upward
of eight times. In 1858 the amount was
$12,888,740 73; last year upward of one hun-
dred million dollars. In the year 1859 the
authorized forcc of the regular Army was
eighteen thousand one hundred and sixty-five ;
the actual force was seventeen thousand four
hundred and ninety-eight; and the available
force eleven thousand. During that year the
expenditures for the Army were $17,650,019 19.
In the year 1860 the authorized strength of the
Army was eighteen thousand one hundred and
fourteen men, and the actual force wa,s sixteen
thousand and six men. The expenditures for
the same time were $15,658,000 and a frac-
tion. Now, when the Navy, according to
economical statesmen, is to be kept to the
same establishment and to the same force that
existed previous to the war, I ask upon what
principle of reason, of public defense, of safety
to the country and its institutions, the Army
shall be raised to three times the amount and
its expenditure to seven or eight times the
amount that it was in those respective years?
Sir, there are subjects upon which retrench-
ment and economy can go hajid in hand, and
one of the great and important subjects upon
which both of these principles can move is the
Army. I am against heavy and burdensome
taxation ; bnt neither taxation nor any other
public question has any terrors for me. I am
willing to meet any question whatever; and so
far as the public service of the country requires
a liberal expenditure to sustain the Navy, to
maintain its power relatively to the people of
the world, and to keep up with the improve-
ments in naval architecture and naval warfare
and naval armament, I am willing to meet any
expenditure that is necessary to these great
national ends, and I am willing to throw myself
upon the justice and reason of my constituency
to sustain my position.
I am not willing under a cry of retrenchment
to cripple the Navy, to reduce it below a proper
standard as to vessels, tonnage, guns, and
men ; and especially am I not willing to make
this reduction when there is that enormous
standing Army at such an immense cost to the
people, and which exists in its numbers only
to endanger the rights of the'States, the liber-
ties of the people, and our constitutional form
of government. I am utterly unwilling to sus-
tain an Army in such dimensions and at such
a cost, and at the same time to make a pretext
of economy in relation to restricting the Navy
to what it was before the war.
Mr. President, I believe to-day that tea
thousand men in our standing Army would be
amply sufficient for all the just demands of the
Government and the country. I proposed a
few days ago that it should be reduced to
twenty thousand; and that would be an in-
crease upon the force in the year before the
war of about three thousand men ; and cer-
tainly twenty thousand men would be amply
sufficient to answer all the just purposes of the
Government and the country. Gentlemen who
opposed the reduction of the Army and a restric-
tion of its expenses such as would be produced
by a reduction of the Army according to the
propositions that were made by the Senator
from Pennsylvania [Mr. BtiCKALEw] and my-
self, cannot seduce nor frighten me into a crip-
pling of the Navy upon the cry of retrenchment
and economy.
Mr. President, I go for my country, my
whole country. I go for the maintenance of
the Constitution and of all the powers of the
General Government under it. I go for the
maintenance of the Union. I go for the rights
of the States under the Constitution and every
right of the States under the Constitution. I
go for a just and enlightened and proper main-
tenance of our complicated system of govern-
ment, partly national and partly State : and to
maintain the public service of the General
Government I am willing to vote every dollar
that according to just reason and enlightened
policy may be necessary. And, especially, I
go for the Navy. In my boyhood I read of
u The Saucy Jack," and "The True Blooded
Yankee" scouring the British coasts up the
channel and the Dover Straits ; I read of the
gallant resistance made by the privateer Gen-
eral Armstrong; I read of the battle of Lake
Erie, on the 10th of September, my birthday:
of the battle on Lake Champlain, where Mc-
Donough triumphed,; of all the great naval
battles in which our gallant tars met and van-
quished the proud mistress of the seas; and
my boyish heart glowed then with as much
pleasure at those recitations as that of any
Yankee tar whose sons and brothers were
bringing these glorious victories upon thecom-
mon banner of our country. And now, in ray
age, my heart warms, the ashes and cinders
that glow here warm at the recollection of
those noble deeds; and never, never will 1
abandon that arm of the public service that
contributed thus to the glory, renown, ana
