THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
211
been made loud calls wore made for the Presi-
dent, who appeared and spoke as follows."
Now I will only read the first part to see if
you will agree with me as to how soon the in-
terruptions came in:
"Fellow-Citizens: It is not for the purpose of
making a speech that I now appear before you. I
am aware of the great curiosity which prevails to see
strangers whd have notoriety and distinction in the
country. I know a large number of youdesire to see
General Grant, and to hear what he has to say. [A
voico: ' Three cheers for Grant.']"
Was not that the first interruption?
Answer. That was the first interruption.
Question. " Butyou cannot see him to-night.
He is extremely ill." Now, then, was there any
interruption after that until he spoke of Stephen
A. Douglas, and was not that simply the intro-
duction of applause?
Answer. There were three cheers, I believe,
given for Stephen A. Douglas at that time.
Question. Then he went on without interrup-
tion, did he not, until these words came in :
" I come before you as an American citizen simply,
and not as the ChicfiMasistrate clothcdin the insignia
and paraphernalia of State; being an inhabitant of
a State ot this Union. I know it has been said that
I was an alien."
Was not that the next interruption?
Answer. I do not remember that paragraph
in the speech.
Question. You do not remember whether
that was there or not. Now, sir, do you re-
member any other interruption until he came
to the paragraph:
"There was, two years ago, a ticket before you for
the Presidency. I was placed upon that ticket with
a distinguished citizen, now no more."
Then did not the voices coine in, " Unfor-
tunate I'' ' 'Too bad! " ?
Answer. I did not hear them.
Question. Do you know whether they were
or were not said?
Answer. I do not.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I will not trouble
you any further.
Bartox Able sworn and examined.
13y Mr. Cohtis :
Question. State your full name.
Answer. Barton Able.
Question. Where do you reside?
Answer. In St. Louis.
Question. What is your occupation ?
Answer. I am engaged in the mercantile
business, and collector of internal revenue for
the first district of Missouri.
Question. Were you at St. Louis in the sum-
mer of 1800, at the time when President John-
son visited that city?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Were you upon any committee
connected with the reception of the Presi-
dent ?
Answer. I was upon the committee of re-
ception from the Merchants' Union Exchange.
Question. \\ here did the reception take
place ?
Answer. The citizens of St. Louis met the
President and party at Alton, in Illinois, some
twenty-four miles above St. Louis. My recol-
lection is that the mayor of the city received
him at the Lindell Hotel, in St. Louis.
Question. You speak of being on a com-
mittee of some mercantile association. What
was that association ?
Answer. The merchants and business men
of the city had an exchange fordoing business,
where they met daily.
Question. Not a political association ?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Did the President make a public
address or an address to the people in St.
Louis while he was there?
Answer. lie made a speech in the evening
at the Southern Hotel to the citizens.
Question. Were you present at the hotel
before the speech was made?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. As one of the committee you have
spoken of?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Please to state under what cir-
cumstances the President was called upon to
speak?
Answer. I was in one of the parlors of the
hotel with the committee and the President,
when some of the citizens came in and asked
him to go out and respond to a call from the
citizens to speak. He declined, or rather said
that he did not care to make any speech. The
same thing was repeated two or three times by
other citizens coming in, and he finally said
that he was in the hands of his friends, or of
the committee, and if they said so he would go
out and respond to the call, which he did do.
Question. What did the committee say? Did
they say anything?
Answer. A portion of the committee, two
or three of them, said after some consultation
that they presumed he might as well do it.
There was a large crowd of citizens on the out-
side in front of the hotel.
Question. Did the President say anything
before he went out as to whether he went out
to make a long speech or a short speech, or
anything to characterizing the speech he in-
tended to make?
Answer. My understanding of it was that
he did not care to make a speech at all.
Mr. CURTIS. That you have already ex-
plained.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Mr. Able, please
not give your opinion, but give facts.
By Mr. Crims:
Question. Yon have already explained that,
he manifested reluctance, and how he mani-
fested it. Now, I want to know if he said any-
thing as to his purpose in going out? If so,
I should like to have you state it, if you re-
member.
Answer. I understood from his acceptance
that his intention was to make a short speech
when he went out.
Question. Did you or not hear what he said,
or were you in a position so that you could
hear what he said?
Answer. I heard his conversation with the
committee ?
Question. I do not mean that; I mean after
he went out and began to speak ?
Answer. Very little of it.
Question. Was it a large crowd or a small
one?
Answer. A largo crowd.
Question. Were yon present far enough to
be able to state what the demeanor of the
crowd was toward the President?
Answer. I heard from the inside—I was
not on the balcony of the hotel at all; but I
heard from the parlor one or two interrup-
tions. I do not recollect but one of them.
Question. You remained in the parlor all
the time, I understand you ?
Answer. Between the parlor and the din-
ing room, where the banquet was spread.
Question. You were not on the balcony?
Answer. No, sir.
Cross examined by Mr. Manager Butler:
Question. You met the President at Alton,
and you, yourself, as one of this committee,
made him an address on board the steamer
where he was received, did you not?
Answer. I introduced him to the committee
of reception from St. Louis.
Question. The committee of reception from
St. Louis met him, then, on board the steamer?
Answer. On board the steamer.
Question. And you introduced him with a
little speech ?
Answer. Yos, sir.
Question. Then Captain Eads, who was the
chairman of the citizens or the spokesman of
the citizens, made him an address, did he?
Ansioer. Yes, sir.
Question. An address of welcome, and to
that the President made a response, did he?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. And in that address he was lis-
tened to with propriety by them, as became his
place and the ceremony?
Ansioer. I observed nothing to the contrary.
Question. You bo supposed. Then you went
to the Lindell Hotel ?
Answer. I did not go to the Lindell Hotel
at the time.
QiiMti&h: The President, went, did he not?
Answer. Yes, sir; the President was enter-
tained at the Lindell Hotel.
Question. And en route to the Lindell Hotel
he was escorted by a procession, wag he not,
of the military and civic societies ?
Answer. From the landing; yes, sir.
Question. A procession of the benevolent
societies ?
Answer. I do not recollect what societies
they were. There was a very large turn-out;
perhaps most of the societies of the city were
present.
Question. Were you at the Lindell Hotel at
all?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. When he got there he was received
by the mayor, was he not?
Answer. I was not there when lie arrived at
the Lindell Hotel.
Question. Were you there when he was re-
ceived by the mayor?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. You do not know whether tli©
mayor made him a speech of welcome or not
there?
Answer. Only from what I saw in the press.
Question. Nor do you know whether the
President responded there?
Answer. 1 was not present.
Question. What time in the day was this
when he got to the Lindell Hotel, as near as
you can say?
Answer. It was in the afternoon when they
left the steamboat landing. I do not know
what time they were at the hotel, because I
was not present on their arrival.
Question. Can you not tell about what time
they got there?
Answer. Well, it was probably between one
and five o'clock.
Question. After that did you go with the
President from the Lindell Hotel to the South-
ern Hotel?
Answer. I do not recollect whether I accom-
panied him from the one hotel to the other or
not.
Question. IIo did go from the one to the
other ?
Ansioer. Yes, sir.
_ Question. There was to be a banquet for
him and his suite at the Southern Hotel that
night, was there not?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. At which there was intended to be
speaking to him and by him, I suppose?
Answer. There were to be toasts and re-
sponses ; yes, sir.
Question. And what time was that banquet
to come off?
Answer. I do not recollect the exact hour;
I think somewhere about nine o'clock.
Question. At the time the President was
called upon by the crowd were you waiting for
the banquet?
Answer. When the President was called
upon by the crowd I do not think the banquet
was ready. He was in the parlors with the
committee of citizens.
Question. The citizens being introduced to
him, I suppose?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. He then went out on to the bal-
cony. Did you hear any portion of the speech ?
Answer. Only such portions of it as I could
catch from the inside occasionally. I did not
go on to the balcony at all.
Question. Could you see on to the balcony
where he stood from where you were ?
Answer. I could see on to the balcony, but
I do not know whether I could see precisely
where he stood or not.
Question. While he was making that speech
and when he came to the sentence, "I will
neither be bullied by my enemies nor over-
awed by my friends," was there anybody on
the balcony trying to get him back?
