1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. HOWE. How far is it from there?
lir. HENDERSON. You are asking for
the junction of the Republican with the Smoky
Ilili?
Mr. HOWE. I am asking how far Fort
Riley is from the junction of those two rivers.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is at the junction.
Mr. HOWE. Do I understand Senators to
say that the junction of these rivers is not one
hundred miles west from Atchison?
Mr. POMEROY. It is not one hundred
miles wei;t from Atchison in a straight line.
Mr. HOWE. I will ask the Senator from
Kansas to have this geographical question
settled: have not the one hundred miles of
road been already built from Atchison, and is
not the western terminus of that road in the
valley of the Blue river?
Mr. POMEROY. A little beyond, fourteen
miles beyond.
Mr. HOWE. I ask the Senator if the valley
of the Blue river is not east of the Republican
Pork ?
Mr. POMEROY. Not east of the mouth
of the Republican Pork where Fort Riley is.
Mr. HOWE. But it is east of the Repub-
lican Fork ?
Mr. POMEROY. It is.
Mr. HOWE. East of the Republican Fork;
so that the one hundred miles have been built
from Atchison and have not reached the me-
ridian of Fort Riley.
Mr. POMEROY. The mouth of the Repub-
lican at Fort Riley is much east of the valley
of the Republican on the meridian of Atchi-
son; one hundred miles out from Atchison
does not reach the Republican valley, although
it reaches the meridian of Fort Riley, because
the Republican river comes in from the south-
west. Although one hundred miles does reach
the meridian of Fort Riley and goes beyond it,
yet it does not reach the Republican valley on
that meridian. That is the state of the case.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The question suggested
by the Senator from Wisconsin is one whether
the plan adopted in 180,2 was practicable or
not. That I cannot answer.
Mr. HOWE. That was not my question.
Mr. HEN DllICKS. It is certain it was the
intention of Congress that the road iiotn the
mouth of the Kansas river running in a north
western direction should be so located as that
the Atchison branch might connect with it and
might give some value to it. That is the legal
proposition in the act of 1802 ; and to make
that secure it is placed under the control of
the President of the United States.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to be in-
formed upon this point: suppose that is the
meaning of the law, that the eastern division
was to be so built that the Atchison and Pike's
Peak road could connect with it within one
hundred miles; will the Senator explain to me
why it was that the Atchison and Pike's Peak
road ran so far to the north that no matter
where the eastern division ran. they could not
connect within one hundred miles? Why did
they not go down in a direction toward Pike's
Peak, which would have taken them to a con-
nection with the eastern division where the
eastern division now lies on the ground?
Mr. 1IEND11ICKS. I will call the attention
of the Senator from New York to the language
of the thirteenth section of the act of 1862. to
which I called the attention of the Senator
from Wisconsin a few minutes ago. The pro-
vision in regard to this road that is now claim-
ing protection at our hands is, that it may be an
extension of the Hannibal and St. Joseph road ;
and that language, I understand to mean, in
its ordinary and proper construction, an exten-
sion in the same direction, and the Hannibal
and St. Joseph road being a road running from
the east to the west, this branch is a road run-
ning from the east to the west.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, let me inquire of
my honorable friend if he does not know that
the verv thing this road did was to run almost
at right angles to the Hannibal and St. Joseph
road, ri"ht. down the river to Atchison?
Mr. HENDRICKS. -Certainly: and that is
not an obscure question, for the language of
the law I read shows how that is: " The Han-
nibal and St. J.iseph Railroad Company may
extend its roads from St. Joseph via Atchi-
son:" and that required that, departure from a
western line. That departure is provided for
in the section itself. Then an extension of a
road ordinarily would mean a continuance of
it in the same general direction.
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly, the Senator
and I agree now; but I beg of him to enlighten
me on this point : why was it, having run
down to Atchison, and it being a road to run
then in a general westwardly direction, that
they pointed it so far north that one hundred
miles would not bring it in connection with
this eastern division, whereas if they had gone
towards Pike's Peak they would have effected
their junction east of Fort Riley, in which
event it would have been wholly immaterial
to them whether the eastern division went up
the Republican Fork or down the Smoky Hill.
I cannot understand why it is that they picked
out the particular location which, in an} event,
within one hundred miles prevented their
gaining a connection.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator, before
I answer his question, allow me to ask him
one ?
Mr. CONIvLING. Certainly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Why is it that in regard
to so much of this Kansas road as is north-
west of Fort Riley, the location of it is placed
under the control of the President of the
United States—and that is the only part of the
railroad system provided for in that law that
is placed under his control—what was the pur-
pose of taking it from under the control of the
company and placing it under the control of
the President of the United States?
Mr. CONKLING. I am not sure that I
understand the application of the question
which the Senator puts to me. He says what
was the object in intrusting to the President of
the United States the ultimate approval of the
location or the ultimate fixing of the location.
Is that the point?
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is the point.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not see what pos-
sible apnlication that has to this case.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I will try and
answer it myself.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not understand the
scope or drift of it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Inasmuch as the law
provided that there should be a connection,
and it was a very important thing, and the pre
cise point could not he fixed, therefore it was
provided that the point where it would be likely
to take place should be under the control oftlie
President, and that that part of the road should
be so located as to allow tbisconneerion. The
very fact that that part of the road is placed
under the control of the President of the United
States in its location is evidence that Congress
expected the connection should take plaee at
some point northwest of Fort Riley.
Mr. CONKLING. So that we are to under-
stand, then, that if the road, in place of lying
where it does, pointed two or three degrees
further north, in which event, there would have
been a gap of one hundred and fifty miles
before it could have touched this other road,
then there is an equity which would oblige us
to go on and bridge that spau ? Would not
that follow from the same reasoning?
Now, that I see the point of the Senator, I
beg to answer the question which he put before.
I suppose the purpose was to give to the Presi-
dent a certain supervision ot the location—not
that the President was to cause a survey to be
made, but that these parties in interest were
to cause surveys to be made, the ultimate
approval of which, fixing the route, was com-
mitted to the President of the United States.
They went on and surveyed this route, and
being in general feasible, he approved that.
But does the Senator mean to imply that if
they had surveyed, deflecting a little further
to the south, so that the terminus of their one
hundred miles would have brought their road
in contact with the Leavenworth, Pawnee, and
Western road, the President of the United
States, under tins same power, should not and
would not have approved that? And if so,
then practically the whole thing was commit-
ted, as we know it was, to the discretion of the
parties who were doing the work. If they com-
mitted any very wild transgression the Presi-
dent, no doubt, would have interfered ; and it
was only to guard against that that the power
was committed to him.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The power to control
the location of the road from Atchison west-
ward is not in the law given to the President
of the United States ; and why not? Because
the interests of the company would compel
that company to seek the best connection pos-
sible, not by running in a southwestern direc-
tion, andtbereby increasing the distance to the
common point of the great Pacific road, but
by seeking a direct western connection, in the
language of the law an extension of the Han-
nibal and St. Joseph railroad, a useful connec-
tion with the road running from the mouth of
the Kansas river to the one hundredth degree
of longitude.
Mr. CONKLING. Then they should have
gone further north.
Mr. HENDRICKS. They might have de-
parted, perhaps, from an exact western line
somewhat; but the use of the language in this
law which you find here indicates a purpose on
the part of Congress to establish a line west-
ward from Atchison.
Now, Mr. President, the act of 1802, in its
general scope and in its particular provisions
contemplates that this Atchison branch shall
have a suitable connection. To say otherwise
would be to attribute great folly to Congress.
That Congress should grant a subsidy of such
great magnitude to a road running one hun-
dred miles westward into the wilderness and
stop there is to accuse Congress of absolute
stupidit}'. Congress intended this connection
for useful purposes, not by running, as is
suggested by the Senator from New York, in
a southwestern direction, and thus increasing
the distance to the common point at the one
hundredth meridian of longitude, but by a
western road to make a connection with this
road which runs through Kansas.
-The next question as a legal one is, does
the act of 1804 change the law in this respect?
I understand the Senator from Vermont to
base his argument upon the proviso to the
ninth section of the act of 1804. I do not give
the construction to that proviso which the
Senator does. It is:
" That any company authorized by this net to con;
struct its road and telegraph lino from the Missouri
river to the initial point aforesaid, may construct its
road anil telegraph line so as to connect with the
Union Pacific railroad at any point we>t\v:ndly ot
such initial point, in ease such company shall deem
such westward connection more practicable or de-
sirable.''
The Senator argues that that authorizes a
general departure from the line contemplated
in the act of 1802. I do not so regard it.
What was this provision" intended for? That
if the company, when it came to locate this
branch, should find that a connection exactly
at the one hundredth meridian of longitude
could not well be made, then they might make
that connection somewhat to the westward ;
how far is not said ; but to the westward, if
necessary, leaving that discretion in the com-
pany—not a discretion to change its whole
line ; not a discretion to change the line so as
to prevent and make impossible a connection
of one of the other branches—but such a
departure in regard to its northwestern term-
inus as might be indicated by the charact er oi
the country, the character of the river that
they had to cross near there, or any other
consideration that might control the judgment
of the company. So, sir, I do not understand
that the proviso to the ninth section ot the act
of 1861 has changed the law of 1882, but it
leaves it as it was, that this Atchison branch
shall have a proper connection. _ _
Then we come to afiother provision, which
