2270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
power of our common country. I therefore go
for sustaining the Navy; and I would go tor
increasing the force if the honorable chairman
was to propose that it should be increased.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I did not
mean again to encroach upon the attention of
the Senate in reference to this amendment, nor
should I do so now but that I have in my hand
evidence to which I think we shall all be com-
pelled to bow upon some of the questions
which were in difference yesterday.
Quite late in the debate a suggestion was
ma'de bj' the chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs that the introduction of steam
had multiplied the number of men per vessel
which was necessary; and when the sugges-
tion was made that there were fewer vessels
now than anterior to the war, the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs
met that by the statement that although there
were fewerguns afloat now than then, the num-
ber of vessels was greater now than then. l:i
order that I may do him no injustice 1 beg to
call attention to the statement which he made,
as it appears in the Globe.
But before doing so, Mr. President, I beg to
drop one remark which may not occur to me
again. I dissent, for one, entirely from the
idea that any committee, whatever that com-
mittee may be, or that any chairman of a com-
mittee, however experienced or distinguished
ho may be, is to give upon the floors of Con-
gress a weight to his opinion, or the opinion
of the committee, which goes beyond the facts
upon which that opinion is founded. No man's
opinion. 1 humbly submit, is worth any more
than the facts aiidthecoiisidenitionsuponwliicli
that opinion rests entitle it. to. If any Senator
chooses, like the distinguished Senator from
Vermont,, [Mr. Morrill,] to adopt the idea
that a particular Senator is usually a nafe
leader, and, shutting his eyes to all facts, to
vote in a given direction, I am perfectly aware
that I shall address in vain to him the present-
ation of evidence which I wish to make. Cut
if, on the contrary, the Senate, like other tri-
bunals, is to pass upon questions by taking the
facts and the arguments, where facts and ar-
guments can be deduced, as controlling con-
siderations, I believe there can be no doubt
as to- the just vote upon the proposition be-
fore us.
In justice to myself, perhaps. I ought to
make a qualifying remark. I am aware that a
great variety of questions are presented to all
bodies, the evidence and facts in reference to
which it is impossible to have assembled all
before us ; and upon those questions the opin-
ions of experts, whether committees or chair-
men, are valuable, and must be received as
entitled to great weight. But I insist, again,
that upon a (juestion where all the facts with
regard to which can be and are brought before
us, it is our business as legislators to predicate
aur vote on those facts, and not on the version
or the opinion of any one, and particularly not
on the shifting version or shifting opinion he
may receive from somebody else.
Mr. President, the Senator from Iowa, speak-
ing upon the information which he had, in-
formed the Senate thus:
" Our vessels are more numerous, but they do not
carry as large an armament. We are now obliged
to keep vessels on the coastof Chinaand in the ports
of J apan and the Eastern Archipelago, going up their
rivers and protecting the commerce of this country
in that regionol the world, at a greater expense than
we diu before/'
And it was upon that statement of the hon-
orable chairman, and upon the kindred state-
ment, the twin of this, that more men wore
required upon steam-going vessels than upon
sailing vessels, that a doubt was east upon the
propriety of this amendment, and that a large
part of the Senate voted against it. Following
111 this wake, the honorable Senator from In-
diana [Mr. Hexdiucks] said over and over
again, in the same spirit in which my honor-
able iiiend from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumxer,]
who does me the honor at this moment to give
me his attention, has often remarked here that
we were leaping in the dark, we were moving
in the dark—the honorable Senator from In-
diana, I say, in that same spirit reiterated that
we were acting here without figures, without
facts, and who knew that we could safely re-
duce the Navy to the point at which the Navy
stood anterior to the war?
Now, Mr. President, let me see whether we
shall not know all about it. I ask Senators to
give their attention to a letter which I hold in
my hand, and which letter was addressed this
day by Commodore Smith, the eliicf of the
Bureau of Equipment and Recruiting  
Mr. BUCKALI5W. To whom?
Mr. CONKLING. Addressed to myself.
I addressed to the Commodore several inter-
rogatories, I think four—the nn mber will appear
from his letter—in order to sift the facts if I
could, and the letter which I have in my hand
is in response to those questions. Now, sir,
let us compare it with the information we had
yesterday, and let us compare it with the argu-
ment made sometime ago by the Secretary of
the Navy addressed to the chairman of the
House Naval Committee to show that a very
large Navy was necessary:
" Washington, April 1,1868.
"Sir: In answer to the interrogatories contained
in your note of yesterday, I have the honor to state:
" 1. There were in 1859-GO, eighty-nine vessels in the
Navy"—
Not thirty-three vessels, as I understood the
chairman to read from the letter of the Secre-
tary of the Navy, but eighty-nine vessels in
the Navy—
"carrying"—
Not, as 1 understood him to read, six hun-
dred and fifty-four guns, but—
"eighteen hundred and sixty-four suns.
"2. 'Ihere are in eommitsion, in active service, in
foreign and home squadrons, fift>-sevon vessels
carrying live hundred and twenty-one guns, and
three apprentice vessels carrying fifty-two guns,
making a total of sixty vessels and live hundred and
seventy-three guns."
So that as five hundred and seventy-three
is to eighteen hundred and sixty four, so is the
number of guns afloat now compared to the
number of guns afloat anterior to the rebellion ;
and as sixty vessels, including the apprentice
vessels, is to eighty-nine, so is the number of
vessels now floating compared with the number
which floated anterior to the rebellion.
"3. The largest, vessel in service prior to 18G0 was
the ltoanoke, carrying forty guns and five hundred
and twenty-five men.
"4. The Franklin is the most efficient vessel now in
commission, and carries thirty-nine guns "—
Mark, Mr. President, only one gun less than
the Roanoke carried, with all their increased
caliber and capacity—
" and five hundred and seventy-two men."
Only forty-seven more men than the old
Roanoke carried are carried by the Franklin,
that magnificent frigate, the pride, and, in one
sense, the wonder of the American Navy, albeit,
in my humble opinion, she is spending her time
just now in a ceremony " more honored in the
breach than the observance." But, sir, I am
upon the point in reading this last item, whether
it be true that a vessel carrying the same num-
ber of guns of greatly increased dimensions
involves and necessitates the employment of a
number of men as eight is to twenty-six, if I
understood the proportions given this morning.
Now, sir, what do we find? We find here
before us a proposition denounced, which prop-
osition is to leave in the Navy as many men
as over were in the Navy before the war began,
and add to that number two hundred and fifty.
For what purpose? For the purpose of man-
ning two thirds as many vessels carrying less
than one third as many guns. Is it a leap in
the dark, I beseech Senators ? Is it a random
shot at reform without understanding what we
are talking about? Oris it a demonstration,
as far as anything is demonstrable by figures
of the nature of this, that here is the appro-
priate place and time not to dissent from what
the House has done, to which we have added
two hundred and fifty already, but to agree to
it ? Is there any doubt about these facts ?
Mr. GRIMES. Will you have that letter
read ?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly. I have read
the whole of it. Do yon wish to have it sent
to the desk and read by the Secretary?
Mr. GRIMES. Let me see it.
Mr. CONKLING. I will read itallthe way
through as a part of my remarks, and then send
it to you :
Navy Department,
Bureau op Equipment and Recruiting,
"Washington, April 7,1868.
Sib : In answer to the interrogatories contained in
your note of yesterday, I have the hoaor to state—
1. There were in 1859-60, eighty-nine vessels in the
Navy, carrying eighteen hundred and sixty-four
guns. ..... .
2. There are m commission, in active service m
foreign and homesquadrons, fifty-seven vessels, car-
rying five hundred and twenty-one guns, and three
apprentice vessels, carrying fifty-two guns, mukinga
total of sixty vessels and five hundred and seventy-
three guns, being exclusive of receiving ships and
tugs employed atnavy-yards.
3. The largest vessel in service prior to I80G was
theEoanoke. carrying forty guns and five hundred
and twenty-five men.
4. The Franklin is the most efficient vessel now m
commission, and carries thirty-nine guns and five
hundred and seventy-two men, exclusive of appren-
tices and marines.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
M. SMITH. Chief of Bureau.
The letter is addressed to me. It is at the
service of the Senator.
Now, Mr. President, I think I am warranted
in saying that the action taken by the Senate
in committee, which is sought to be reversed
now, is quite inside of safety, because if you
admit all that has been said as to the increased
force of the steam vessels, which proposition
is contradicted by that letter, as I submit 
Mr. GRIMES. In what respect?
Mr. CONKLING. In respect of the fact
that the Franklin, the master ship of the Navy,
carrying, as she does, thirty-nine guus, only
one less than the old Roanoke, which carried
forty, has of her crew only forty-seven more
men, which forty-seven more men are neces-
sitated by all that is implied in the increased
caliber of herguns and in the increase of neces-
sity necessary to manage her tackle, apparel,
and furniture, whatever it may be.
Mr. GRIMES. Does the Senator under-
stand that the Roanoke was a sailing vessel ?
Mr. CONKLING. No, sir; I do not un-
derstand how that was. I made 110 statement
about it. I am speaking of the Franklin. I
shall be indebted to the honorable chairman if
he will tell me what the Roanoke was.
Mr. GRIMES. She was a steamer ; and so
far as I know was never in commission. She
was a steamer built at this navy-yard, and in
launching her she broke her back. She was
afterward changed into an iron-clad, and has
three turrets upon her, and is stationed, I think,
at New York, but I am not certain.
Mr. NYE. She is at Brooklyn now.
Mr. CONKLING. I see my honorable and
naval friend from Nevada 
Mr. NYE. Y ouwill see him again in a few
minutes. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONKLING. I see he rose upon that
as if he considered that a significant fact, as I
have heard counsel sometimes emphasize some-
thing very much. Will he do me the favor, as
I profess but little nautical knowledge, to in-
form me of the precise weight of the"fact just
stated about the Roanoke ?
Mr. N\E. I am holding 110 controversy
the Senator from New York. I have not
I intend to sav
something in a
said a thing.
minute.
1 I am afraid my honor-
able friend is not so good naturedas he natur-
ally is.
Mr. N1E. I intend to pay my respects to
the gentleman's naval skill as soon as he gets
through.
Mr. CONKLING. I certainly do not wish
to molest my honorable friend; but he rose
with an emphasis and turned around with an
ejaculation and manner which led me to sup-
pose that there was something stunning in the
fact which the honorable Senator from Iowa
