3294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
in my judgment is very important, in the act
of 18(34. The sixteenth section of that act, in
the first place, provides that these companies
may consolidate one after another until per-
haps the whole enterprise shall be under the
control of one company. That perhaps was
contemplated in the sixteenth section of the
act of 1804. Then it provides that if any two
of these roads shall become consolidated and
shall construct their roads, and some other
road which forms a necessary link in the great
work shall not be constructed, this consoli-
dated company may construct such road and
have the benefit of all the provisions of the law
in favor of the company whose road it has thus
constructed. That is found in this language :
"And in case, upon the completion of such con-
solidated organization of the roads or either of thorn,
of the companies so consolidated, any other of the
road or roads of either of the other couipa lies au-
thorized as aforesaid, (and forming, or intended or
neeessaiy to forma portion of a continuous lino from
each of the several points on tlio Missouri river,
hereinbefore designated, to the Pacific coast.) shall
not have constructed the number of miles of its said
road within the tiuie herein required, such consoli-
dated organization is hereby authorized to continue
the construction of its road and telegraph in tho
general direction and route upon which such incom-
plete or uneonstrueted road is hereinbefoie au-
thorised to bo built, until such continuation of tho
road of such consolidated organization shall reach
the constructed ro.id and telegraph of said other
company, :lih1 at such point to connect and unite
therewith."
And then it is provided that for the con-
struction of this additional road the companies
thus consolidated shall have the benefit of all
subsidies. Further on it is provided :
"And in case any company authorized thereto
shall not enter into such consolidated organization,
such company, upon the completion of its road as
heroinbelore provided, shall bo entitled to. and is
hereby authorized, to continue and extend tho same
under the circumstances, and in accordance with the
ptovHions of this section, and to hn ve all tho ben-
efits thereof, as fully and completely as are herein
provided touching such consolidated organization."
Taken altogether, that section means just
this : if any separate company, that being the
company authorized to construct a road with
which its road is to form a connection, shall fail
to construct that road, this company may con-
struct it in its stead, and in the construction
of that part of the road shall have the benefit
of the subsidies. It seems to me that that is
the plain reading of the sixteenth section of
the act of 1804. This is consistent with the
general plan that these several roads shall
iortn one system connecting several points
upon the Missouri river with the Pacific coast.
As I have said, I would not be in favor of
such a system ; but 1 find these provisions
upon the statute-book.
I find that in 1804 Congress said to this
Atchison road. " Construct your hundred miles;
you shall have your subsidy; connect at that
point, or any point near thereto, with the Kan-
sas road, and thus have your connection with
the main great Pacific road; and if this Kan-
sas branch is not built so as to give you the
connection with the great Pacific road, you
may continue your road from the hundred
miles northwestwardly until you make the con-
nection yourselves, and in the construction of
that part of the road you shall have the subsi-
dies." In my judgment, that is the construc-
tion of the law, though I am not as confident
in it as if I had had more time to examine it.
Unless I hear some reason that shall disturb
my judgment thus formed, I expect to votefor
the bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLB. I suppose it is hardly
expected that we can get to a vote on this
question to-night. I therefore move that the
Senate adjourn.
Mr. HOWARD. I believe that pensions
are the snbjectof consideration for to-morrow;
but I wish to say that I shall consider the bill
which is now before us as the unfinished busi-
ness on Monday, and shall call it up and see
if we can get a vote upon it. I wish to have
that, understanding, if possible.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, June 19, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, llev. C. B. Boyxtox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
quartermaster's department.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary
of War, transmitting, in compliance With the
acts of April 20, 1808, and July 17, 1862, a
statement of contracts made with the quarter-
master's department during May, 1868; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
supply of oas to tiih clovhrnmen't.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the president of the Washington Gas-
Light Company, transmitting, in compliance
with tho resolution of the House of the 17th
instant, a statement relative to tho amount of
illuminating gas furnished tho Government
during the year ending June 30, 1806: which
was referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
OtiDER OK BUSINESS.
The SPfiAKER. The first business in order
is that which was pending at the adjournment
last evening when the House had ordered the
bill (H. It. No. 1100) to amend an act entitled
"An act to regulate the carriage of passengers
in steamships and other vessels, and for other
purposes," to be engrossed and read a third
time. The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
O'Nkili;] is entitled to the floor.
SAMCHI. N. 5ULLKII.
Mr. O'NEILL. I yield far a moment to my
colleague, [Mr. Mykkn.]
Mr. MYERS. I ask unanimous consent that
Senate bill No. 451, for the relief of Samuel
N. Miller, be taken from the Speaker's table
and referred to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. ELIOT. Is it desired to have that bill
acted on to-day? If not, I hope that we shall
go to the Speaker's table and refer all the bills
upon it after the morning hour.
'The SPEAKER. The Committee on Pat-
ents is entitled to the morning hour to-day ;
and tho Chair supposes that is the reason why
the gentleman wishes the bill referred.
Mr. ELIOT. All right; let it go.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Patents.
Mr. UPSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was referred; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid oti the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate
by Mr. Gorham, its Secretary, requesting the
return of Housejoint resolution No. 44, relating
to the saleof the marine hospital at Evansville,
Indiana.
It further announced that the Senate had
agreed to the amendment of the House of
Representatives to the bill of the Senate No,
42"), granting a pension to George Bennett.
It further announced that the Senate had
agreed to the amendments of the House of
Representatives to Senate bill No. 377, to
change the times of holding the district and
circuit courts of the United States in the sev-
eral districts in the State of Tennessee.
It further announced that tho Senate had
agreed to the amendments of the House of
Representatives to Senate bill No. 164, to pro-
vide for appeals from the Court of Claims, and
for other purposes.
It announced in conclusion that the Senate
had agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the amendments of the Senate to
House bill No. 1059, to relieve certain citizens
of North Carolina of disabilities.
ADDITIONAL BOUNTIES.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, lhy unani-
mous consent, reported from the. Committee
on Military Affairs a bill (H. R- No. 12/J) m
relation to additional bounties, and lor other
purposes; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and recommitted.
Mr UPSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be lata on
the table. .
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASIIBURN, of Indiana. subsequently
said: There is a misunderstanding in relation
to laying the motion to reconsider on the table.
I ask unanimous consent that the motion be
regarded as not agreed to. Let the bill be
read, in order that it may [^understood.
No objection being made, it was so ordered,
and the bill was read at length. It provides
that when a soldier's discharge states that he
is discharged by reason of "'expiration ofterna
of service" he shall he held to have completed
the full term of his enlistment and entitled to
bounty accordingly.
The" second section provides that the pro-
hibition of bounty in the fourteenth section of
the act of July 28, 1866, to any soldier who
shall have bartered, sold, assigned, transferred,
loaned, exchanged, or given away his final
discharge papers or any interest in the bounty
provided by this or any other act of Congress,
shall not apply in cases where the full amount
of bounty has been advanced by States, coun-
ties, or towns, to the soldiers or to their families.
Section three provides that the widow, minor
children, or parents, in the order named,_ of
any soldier who shall have died_ after being
honorably discharged from the military service
of the United States, shall be entitled to
receive the additional bounty to which such
soldier would be entitled if living, under the
provisions of the twelfth and thirteenth sec-
tions of an act entitled ''An act making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government, forthe year ending JuneSO, 1867,
and for other purposes," approved July 2S,
I860, and the said provisions of said act shall
be so construed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I now enter
the motion to reconsider the reference ofthis bill.
ERIE AND OXTARIO SllIP-CAN AL.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of Massachusetts, in relation to a ship-
canal connecting Lakes Erie and Ontario;
which was referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals, and ordered to be printed.
JOHN II. 0SLEK.
Mr. BOYER moved that the Committee on
Military Affairs be discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of John H. Osier
for relief, and that the same be referred to the
Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
NEW YORK WAR CLAIMS.
Mr. ICETCIIAM, by unanimous consent,
reported from the Committee on Military
Affairs a bill (II. R. No. 1"278) providing for
the appointment of a commission to examine
and report upon certain claims of the State of
New York; which was read a first and second
time, ordered fro be printed, and recommitted.
Mr. UPSOST moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
i on the table.
| The latter motion was agreed to.
I WILLIAM REYNOLDS.
I Mr. KETCHAM moved that the Committee
on Military Affairs be discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of Wil-
liam Reynolds, asking to be reimbursed for
expenses incurred in defendinghimself against
unlawful arrest and prosecution as a deserter,
and that the same be referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
