1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2271
stated, and I wished to be knocked down by-
degrees, if there was, by being gradually in-
formed what the weight of that information
was.
Mr. NYE. In a moment of thoughtlessness
I rose without consulting the Senator from
New York as to the manner in which I should
get up or sit down. I will not do it again.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CONKLING. Well, Mr. President, I
wish to withdraw what I said. I rather think
the Senator is pretty good natured after all. I
thought from his first remaik that his habitual
good nature or good spirits had abandoned him
for a moment.; but 1 am inclined to think he
is very good natured, and I therefore withdraw
that remark, and that makes it all right.
Now, sir, without addressing the question
to the honorable Senator, who does not like
me to address it to him, 1 beg to submit to the
Senate what pertinency and weight has the fact
that the Roanoke broke some of her machinery,
if that was the statement, when she was
launched? What of that? She was the largest
vessel in the Navy, and she had her comple-
ment of men furnished to her. How? As a
question of skill, as a matter of art in the
Navy. What was it? Five hundred and twenty-
five men. Is it of any consequence that she
met with an accident in being launched? Is it
of any consequence that she commenced her
career shortly before the war and was trans-
formed into a three-turret gunboat, or what-
ever she was ? Suppose the Franklin had been
constructed before the war, and had been burned
up at the Gosport navy-yard, would it not be
just as instructive to refer to her in order to
ascertain what her equipment was?
I did not ask Commodore Smith anything
about the Roanoke. I simply propounded to
him the question which vessel anterior to the
war was the most powerful vessel carrying the
largest armament and crew; and he, compe-
tent, I hope, to select the vessel which an-
swered that description, named the Roanoke
as being that vessel. I do not know but that a
landsman, one who knows as little about this
as I do, for I know but very little—I do not
say that with ceremony; it is truer than I wish
it was—I do not know but that one as ignorant
of the nautical branches of this subject as I
am is bound to believe that because the Roan-
oke met with an accident in being launched,
and because she did not live long enough be-
fore she was transformed to make trips and to
have a record, therefore the Commodore has
made a great mistake in citing the Roanoke as
showing what he adduces her to show; but I
am unable to see it.
This statement, if I am able to apprehend it,
as I commenced by saying when I was broken
off by the question of my friend from Iowa,
shows, in the first place, that, allowing all that
can be claimed as to the increase of force neces-
sary owing to the adoption of steam, the dispar-
ity is so great between the number of guns afloat
and of vessels afloat now and then that seventy-
six hundred men, with the twelve hundred
and fifty added, which number we have added,
is a far more numerous provision, a far more
abundant provision, in reference to the vessels
and the guns now afloat than we ever had
anterior to the rebellion. And that must be
apparent, I think, upon simply bearing in mind
the proportions that we have now, less than one
third the number of guns and only two thirds
the number of vessels.
One word more, Mr. President, and I have
done. I despair of finding anything which will
satisfy the honorable Senator from Kentucky,
at all events, as to the proper object of retrench-
ment or of economy, if that was the word that
he used. I have no expectation of that; and,
as to everybody, it may be a very difficult thing
to find the precise and appropriate object. But
I beg to say, in extenuation for the discourse
thatlhaveinfiicteduponthe Senate in reference
to this subject, that X have no purpose in the
world except that which I presume other Sen-
ators have in the same general way, to find as
often as I can an appropriate occasion to re-
duce expenditures, and then to propose to do
it, and to vote in that direction. I have no
idea that I have a wish on that subject which
is peculiar to me, or which, by comparison with
the wishes of other Senators, would show any
sort of superior sincerity or earnestness on the
subject; but we are all compelled to go accord-
ing to the lights which we have. The Senator
from Kentucky judges for himself. He thinks
the Army is the appropriate place to retrench.
I agree with him; and I beg to say to him that,
as far as my discernment will permit me to see
the right direction for retrenchment there, I
will go with him on the first and the last and
all intermediate occasions.
Mr. DAVIS. You have not done so yet.
Mr. CONKLING. My honorable friend
should hardly say that to me, and I will tell
him why; and I think he will be just enough
to admit it. The other day upon an appropri-
ation bill, where the House of Representatives
had made no provision in reference to the re-
duction of the Army, where that question was
not up, an amendment was offered reducing the
Army. I objected to it upon a specific ground,
namely, that that subject was not before us;
that I was in favor of action in the right direc-
tion, and not in the wrong, when we came to
it; but that, inasmuch as it was not before us,
I thought it should be postponed to an appro-
priate bill. Now, mark the distinction, if the
honorable Senator pleases. Here comes a
proposition from the House, which we do not
propose to strike out, and to say "it is not
germane; it is foreign substance here ; we will
eliminate it and take this subject up again;"
but we do propose to act upon it. It has been
reported back by the committee, and the Sen-
ate proposes to allow to stand in this bill words
which shall fix the number of the Navy.
Therefore the Senator will see that it is not on
all fours at all with the proposition made the
other day in regard to the Army. There the
objection was that that was not the appropri-
ate bill on which to consider it. That objec-
tion is foregone here, because it is admitted on
all sides that we are to consider it, and con-
sider it in this bill.
Then we come to the proposition whether
we are to be content with adding two hundred
and fifty to the number fixed by the House, or
whether we are to have a thousand more than
that, an addition of twelve hundred and fifty;
and that, too, upon as clear a mistake, as clear
a surprise upon the Senate as ever afforded
ground for relief in a court of equity. Why?
Because the majority of Senators who voted
for it, of whom I am one, and of whom, I ven-
ture to say, my honorable friend by my side
[Mr. Wilson] is another, never doubted that
eighty-five hundred was the actual number,
not the possible number, not the theoretical
number, not the "legal standard^" as it has
been called, but the actual number of men in
the Navy, borne upon the pay-rolls anterior to
the rebellion. Believing that we voted to put
the Navy back where it was. And now, when
we find that we voted under a mistake of a
thousand, and when we demonstrate, as I sub-
mit, over and over again upon the figures that
the complement as it stood in point of fact is
abundantly large, we are to be asked, without
any argument except that which I submit this
letter of Commodore Smith completely re-
futes, to turn around and add a thousand men
to the number fixed by the House, after hav-
ing already added two hundred and fifty, mak-
ing twelve hundred and fifty in all, involving
an expense the amount of which, I am in-
formed, is very much larger than that sug-
gested by the honorable Senator from Iowa,
I do not venture to make any statement about
it, because I have no information sufficiently
accurate ; but I understand that it involves an
expenditure a great deal larger than that which
he suggests. That, then, is the statement;
that is the proposition; and we cannot avoid
it by saying we will consider it on some other
bill; but upon this bill, and now, every Sena-
tor is to say whether he thinks it should be
one number or should be the other number.
Mr. President, I beg pardon of the Senate
for all the time I have occupied on this sub-
ject. I have endeavored to discharge my duty,
and there I leave it.
Mr. GRIMES. I have only a word to say
in reply to the Senator from New York and
the letter that he has introduced. I do not
propose to argue this question over again, or
to allude to the subjects that have been under
discussion during yesterday and to-day that
we have already talked about. In regard to
the first of his discourse as to that which should
govern Senators in their conduct of public
affairs, I have not a word to say, except this,
that I have never arrogated to myself any par-
ticular knowledge upon naval affairs. It has
so happened that during my past life I have
been brought into rather intimate connection
with the subject, and during the term of my
service in the Senate I have been on the Naval
Committee. I have done the best that was in
my power so inform myself upon the subjects
that came before that committee, and I have
honestly attempted to convey the information
that I have obtained to the body of which I
was a member.
Now, sir, what is this letter that the honor-
able Senator from New York has introduced
here with such a flourish of trumpets, and
which he imagines is to have a terrible effector
a great effect upon the sentiment of the Senate
on this matter? It seems that yesterday or
to-day he addressed a letter to Commodore
Smith, the chief of the Bureau of Equipment
and Recruiting. I suppose the Senator's first
inquiry—I judge from the response—was as
to the number of vessels that were in the ser-
vice of the United States belonging to its Navy
in 1859-60, to which he has received an answer
saying, that there were eighty-nine vessels, and
that they carried eighteen hundred and sixty-
four guns. The Senator would have obtained
that information if he had simply looked into
the Navy Register of 1860, or if he looks into
the Navy Register of 1868 he will see that tlie
number of vessels we have now is counted by
hundreds, and that the number of guns is
counted by thousands in place of hundreds.
But what has that to do with the question
under consideration ? The question for the
Senate to consider is, what is the number of
men requisite to keep that number of cruisers
afloat, to show our flag, and to protect our
commerce in foreign seas, that may be neces-
sary—not what may be the number of hulks
that are laid up at our docks; not what may
be the number of vessels that are in ordinary
at home ; not what may be the number ofiron-
clads at St. Louis or Mound City or New
Orleans. He would get a response in reply to
a similar inguiry addressed to Commodore
Smith to-day, in which he woul-d have all those
included. The analogy that he draws between
the number of men and the number of vessels
then acting as cruisers, and the number of ves-
sels that we had at home and guns that we had
at home, that were not afloat, I am not able to
see the applicability of. Doubtless it is owing
to the dullness of my apprehension.
Commodore Smith says that there are fifty-
seven vessels carrying five hundred and twenty-
one guns now in service and three apprentice
vessels carrying fifty-two guns, making a total
of sixty vessels and five hundred and seventy-
three guns, being exclusive of receiving ships
and tugs employed at the navy-yards. The
Secretary of the Navy says in hisreport, made
in January or February, that the number of
vessels afloat as cruisers—and he specifies the
particular squadrons that they compose—was
fifty-three, whereas this letter of Commodore
Smith's shows it was fifty-seven, a discrepancy
of four vessels ; and it is accounted for in this
way: we have recently put into commission the
Contoocook, the Wampanoag, the Piscataway,
and other vessels that are sent to foreign sta-
tions to relieve vessels there that are to be sent
home, and they have been sent to sea since the
letter was written to Mr. Pike, of the House
of Representatives, by the Secretary of the
Navy. When those other vessels that have
