1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Howis ;] I know how
strongly he espouses the other side. I remem-
ber well when we were considering the case
of Mr. Thomas that he more than once de-
clared that if Jefferson Davis should come into
this Chamber with a proper commission from
his State he would admit him to be sworn ;
and it is natural, therefore, that he should
apply that principle to the present case. The
greater contains the less. If the Senator would
admit Jefferson Davis with the great seal of a
State to be sworn as a Senator, a fortiori, he
would admit another person against whom
there was only the objection that he had been
a blockade runner.
That brings me to the precise nature of this
objection, llere, again, let me say I do not
mean to express any opinion on the facts. I
know nothing about them beyond what has
been read at the desk ; but on those affidavits
it seems to me there is a case sufficient to put
the Senate on inquiry ; and that is all that is
needed. There are affidavits alleging that Mr.
Sawyer was engaged in these illicit transac-
tions, and there is a further tender of evidence,
to the amount of twelve or fifteen witnesses,
it is said, who will testify to these facts. All
this may be an exaggeration ; it may be a mis-
representation ; but there is this in the form
of affidavit on your table ; and I know no other
way to dispose of it than by referring it to a
committee with full power to send for persons
and papers in order to report on the facts. If
on the inquiry it shall be found that these affi-
davits are entirely without support, that there
is no ground to suspect the participation of
Mr. Sawyer in these illicit transactions, then
bow gladly shall we all welcome him. And 1
may say that I confidently look for such a
report from the committee. But itdoe3 seem
to mc that wo are not now at liberty to take
into consideration general statements with
regard to the political opinions or politieal
services of this gentleman. We must confine
ourselves to the precise question before us, or
the allidavits, nor more nor less.
Mr. TIPTON. From what has already been
elicited in this case, I believe that the Senator
who presents himself here for admission is as
loyal as I am; and I think 1 am loyal enough
for all practical purposes. So far as politics
are concerned, he is as true a Republican as
I am. I believe that whatever there is here
against him is matter of rivalry, and that there
is nothing in it. Therefore, I have no trouble
whatever and I am not trammeled by any
precedents on this subject. I am utterly as
tonished at the opposition that is made here.
In all my meditations'on the subject I fancied,
years ago, during the progress of the war, that
it would be enough to live for, if I should be
permitted to have an opportunity of witness-
ing, not as a member of this body, but as a
citizen of the United States, the return of Sen-
ators from the States so recently in rebellion.
I supposed that their return would invoke a
degree of enthusiasm and ardor and extend-
ing of hands and opening of hearts, and an
utterance on our part that would show that
the consummation was one which was worthy
to have received a treasure of money and a.
treasure of love. And now we stand iiere and
higgle, when South Carolina, the first to leave
us, and one of the last to return, presents her-
self, and we ask for precedents, forsooth. Sir,
I scorn the position. I stand here, therefore,
heartily and freely and devotedly to welcome
this additional representative from South Car-
olina, and the country and the Republican
party of this nation will respond to our action,
and will be so shocked at our standing upon
fancied precedents in such an hour as this.
Mr. WILSON. I rise for the purpose of
suggesting to the Senator from Michigan to
modify his motion and leave it simply a motion
to refer the subject to the Committee on the
Judiciary. If the Committee on the Judiciary
desires to send for persons and papers, to send
for persons who are absent from the city they
can ask leave to do it, and we shall readily
grant it. Mr. Sawyer is here to speak for him-
self. There are Representatives here from
South Carolina : there are persons here from
Charleston ; and perhaps the persons present
in the city may be all whom it will be neces-
sary to examine oil the subject. Perhaps the
consistency of the Senate in the past, and the
anxiety of what may be in the future, will de-
termine the Senate to refer this question. So
far as I am personally concerned, I have un-
doubting confidence not only in the loyalty of
Mr. Sawyer, but that he is a gentleman of
honor and personal character.
Mr. HOWARD. I accept the amendment
of my resolution as suggested by the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts, leaving out the
the words "with power to send for persons
and papers."
Mr. POMEROY. Let the resolution be read
as modified.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
no resolution offered. It is simply, as modi-
fied, a motion to refer the credentials to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DOOLITTLB. Under ordinary cir-
cumstances 1 should not vote to refer a ques-
tion of this kind to the Judiciary Committee
simply because some person had alleged that
a Senator duly elected ought not to take his
seat; for if he appears here with the creden-
tiais and certificate of his State, that is prima
facte evidence of his being entitled to the seat.
But, sir, there is something more in this than
in an ordinary case. The files of the Senate
show that another person, Benjamin F. Perry,
was elected for this same term, ending on the
4th of March, 1871.
In 1802, while the war was still going on,
Congress authorized the President to proclaim
amnesty and pardon to persons who were par-
ticipating in the existing lebeliion in any Stale
or part of a State, with such exceptions and at
such times, and on such conditions as ho might
deem expedient for the public wel fare. Pur-
suant to this authority and the authority of the
Constitution of the United States, which clothed
him as Commander-in-Chief with the power to
make peace in the States, the President of the
United States, after the close of the rebellion,
made his proclamation of amnesty to the people
of South Carolina and the people of the other
States which had been in insurrection ; and
after this proclamation of pardon and amnesty
which plighted to those men the faith of this
Government, which neither Congress nor the
President nor the Supreme Court nor any
other power on earth has a right to takeaway,
the people of South Carolina reorganized then-
government as they had a right to do under
the Constitution of the United States. In pur-
suance of that reorganization they elected, as
appears by the certificate on the files of the
Senate under the seal of the State of South
Carolina, Benjamin F. Perry to this place.
Tnat certificate is in the language following:
The Stale of South Carolina:
By his ExeelloneyJamo;-: L. Orr, Governor and
coimn-'iu^ i-in-< hief in andover theStatc ufoiesaid,
to jSen.i:tniin V. IV'ity:
Wiieii'.')5 the senate and house of representatives
of the State aforesaid did by their joint voting, m
the chamber of representatives, on theoOtb day of
October, A. D. 38t)-5, duly elect you, the said Benja-
min P. Perry, Senator m the Congress ot the United
StateM'f America;
Now be it known that, in pursuance of said elec-
tion, 1 have commissioned, and by these presents do
commission you, the fea.d Benjamin P. Porry, Sen-
ator in thoOungressof thoUnited Sla;e= of America.
This commission to eontmuo in force until the 4th
day of March, 1671.
(iiven under my hand, and the seal of the State
in the city of Columbia, this :>0th day of
r -i October, in the year of our Lord 186>, and in
t'" b'J the ninetieth year ot the independence of
the "United States of America.
JA ML'S L. ORE,
Gove) 7ior of the Stoic.
By the Governor:
AV. It. huxtt, Secretary of State.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to ask my friend
whether that B. F. Perry is not the same who
was commissioner of impressments in the rebel
service ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is Benjamin F. Perry,
of South Carolina.
Mr. SUMNER. That is the man.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The point which 3
and the ground only upon which I vote to
refer, is that the question has arisen—I know
there are gentlemen in the Senate who take a
different view of this question from what I do—
and it should be referred to the committee,
and the committee should pass upon it, which
of these two gentlemen is entitled to the seat.
This record shows that Benjamin -F. Perry is
entitled to the seat; but the credentials which
are now presented seem to show that another
gentleman is entitled to the seat; and there-
fore the conflict which arises between these
certificates from the State of South Carolina
as to^ which gentleman is entitled to take the
seat in this body is a question which should be
referred to the Judiciary Committee and de-
termined by that committee, and reported to
the Senate.
Mr. President, I have said thus much to
show that I am not inconsistent in voting for
the reference of this case, although in the case
of Mr. Thomas, or in the case of any one else,
when it does not appear that any other person
claims the seat, the seal of the State is with
me prima facie evidence that he is properly
elected, and I should not vote for the refer-
ence in the firs tin stance, but allow him to take
the oath ; and then if aDy question arose as to
the regularity of the election I would allow it
to be disposed of afterward by the committee.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Will the Senator allow me to ask him a ques-
tion 1
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In relation to this new
habit which has grown up in the Senate within
the last few months, of catechising every Sen-
ator who rises to address the Senate, I must
say, with all courtesy to my friend, that while
I am willing to sit down with him and have a
conversation and be questioned on all subjects
in reference to this or any other matter, I
protest against this practice which has arisen
here oflate. It is in derogation of the dignity
of this body, and is not, 1 think, the best mode
of discussing public questions. If my honor-
able friend wishes to make a speech I am
perfectly willing to hear him.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
do not. I wish merely to ask a question for
information. The gentleman can instruct me
in relation to it. 1 wish to ask him whether he
regards it as the duty of the Government of the
United States to overthrow the present gov-
ernment of South Carolina and establish that
under which Mr. Perry received bis creden-
tials?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not understand it
to be the duty of this Government to overthrow
any State government. The States make their
own governments. The Federal Government
does not make them for them, and one of the
reasons why I protest against this reconstruc-
tion of yours is that you have undertaken to
enter these States by force of arms and make
governments for tliem, and not allow the peo-
ple to make them for themselves.
The PRESlDE3MT^>j'o tempore,. The ques-
tion is on referring the credentials to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, upon which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays '27 ; as follows:
YEAR—Messrs. Corbett, "Davis, Doolittle, Brake,
Powler, Harlan, Hendricks, Howard, JleCreery, Mor-
ton, Sherman, Sprague, tSumnei,Truuibuli, Vickers,
j ~VVhyte, and "Wilson—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Cattell, Cole, Conkling,
I Cragm, Ferry, Ifretmghuysen, llowe, Keliojfg, Me-
! JL>onald, Morgan, Moirill of Vermont, j^ye, Ojborn,
Patterson of Xow Hampshire, Patterson of Ten-
nessee, Pomeroy, Rice, Robertson, Ross Stewart,
Thayer, Tipton, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, and
Villains—27.
AB3EXI — llcssis. Anthony, Bayard, Buoka-
lew, Cameron, Chandler, Conness, Dixon, .bdmuuas,
Fcssendcn, Grimes, llams, Henderson, AXon'Ol ol
jUaine, Norton, Pool, Ramsey, Saulsbury, Vvelcii,
and Yates—19.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN". The next step I suppose
is to swear in the member-elect. #
ThePIiKSiI)KNT^ro i>^ It is mo\cd
that the Senator-elect be admitted to take the
