1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3295
MERCANTILE MARINE.
Mr. CHANLER. I ask unanimous consent
to present unci liave printed and referred a pro-
test of the Ship-owners' Association of New
York city against the passage of the bill in
relation to the mercantile marine of the United
States, which provides for the appointment of
marine boards, with power to supervise the
construction, equipment, repairs, &c., of ves-
sels of the merchant marine.
Mr. COBB. I think this petition had better
take the ordinary course, and be handed to the
Journal Clerk under the rules.
IMMIGRANT SHIPS.
Mr. ELIOT. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of House bill No. 1100, to
amend an act entitled " An act to regulate the
carriage of passengersin steamships and other
vessels, and for other purposes," upon which
the previous question has been ordered, and
which was pending at the time of adjournment
yesterday. The question is upon the third
reading of the bill.
The bill was then read the third time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. O'NEILL. Upon that question I call
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. CHANLER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The question was taken; andupon adivision,
there were—ayes seventy-two, noes not counted.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
OKDIiK 01' BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now commenced, and the first business in order,
to-day being Friday, is the reporting of bills
of a private nature, commencing with the Com-
mittee on Patents, where the call rested at the
expiration of the morning hour on Saturday
last.
WOOD-SCREW PATENTS.
The SPEAKER. The pending bill is House
bill No. 810, for the relief of the widow and
heirsof Thomas W. Harvey, deceased, reported
from the Committee on Patents by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Myers.] The
pending question is upon the motion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,]
that the bill be laid on the table. The ques-
tion was taken upon that motion on Saturday
last, but before the result was announced the
morning hour expired.
Mr. MYERS. I understand that my col-
league [Mr. Stevens] will not press his motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] is not present, and
therefore his motion must be acted upon, and
cannot be withdrawn.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to say that if it
was withdrawn i would renew it.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
mo'ion that the bill be laid on the table. The
bill will .be again read.
The bill was read at length. It authorizes
the Committee on Patents to hear the applica-
tion of the widow and heirs of Thomas W.
Harvey, deceased, for a reextension of the
patent heretofore granted to the said Harvey,
on the 80th of May, 1846, for an improvement
in machinery for cutting screws, and reissued
mi the 28th of December, 1858; and also the
application of the heirs of Thomas W. Harvey
for the reextension of the patent heretofore
granted to said Harvey, on the 18th of August,
1840, for improvement m machinery for dress-
ing screw-heads, and reissued on the 4th of
January, 185!), and to grant the_ extension of
said patents for the period of seven years,
respectively, from the 30th of May, 1801, and
the 18th of August, 1867, when said patents by
law expired; provided that the patents shall
be extended only for the benefit of the widow
and legal heirs of said Harvey, and that these
extensions shall not be valid for the use and
benefit of any corporation or person claiming
any right or interest in either of the said pat-
ents by virtue of any alleged agreement, trans-
fer, or assignment heretofore executed by the
said heirs, or any arbitration or award here-
tofore made between the said heirs and any
other person or corporation ; and if at any time
said extended letters-patent shall become in
whole or in part the property of the company
which owned said patents at the time when
they were about to expire, or of their success-
ors, then this act shall at once thereafter
become void and of no effect; and provided,
also, that all rights in law or equity of the per-
sons legally in possession of machines covered
by said patents shall be fully protected in all
cases from the said extensions of letters-pat-
ent; provided said Commissioner, after full
hearing, upon due notice to all persons desiring
to contest said extensions, shall be of opinion
that said patents should be so extended.
The question was then taken upon the mo-
tion to lay the bill upon the table; and upon a
division there were—ayes 30, noes 50; no
quorum voting.
Mr.TROWBRIDGE, Mr. FARNSWORTH,
Mr. BEAMAN, and Mr. WASHBURN of
Massachusetts, called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 49, nays 81, not
voting 59 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Bailey, Baldwin,
Beaman.Beatty. Bo a twet I, Buck land, Butler. Church-
ill, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Covorle, Dawes, Ela,
Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferry, Fields, Garfield, Griswold,
Harding, Hooper, Chester 1>. Hubbard, Julian,
K itehen, George V. Lawrence. Lough ridge, McCarthy,
Moorbead. Paine, Plants, Pricc, Randall, Raum,
Schenck, Shellabarger, Smith, Spalding, Stark-
weather, Trowbridge, Van Wyck, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Henry 1). Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn, Welkcr, Thomas Williams, William Wiliams,
and James F. Wilson—49.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Delos R.Ashley,
Baker. Banks, Beck. Benton, Blair, Brootnall, Cake,
Chanlcr, Sidney Clarke. Coburn,Cook, Cornell, Cul-
lom, Dixon, Donnelly, Eggleston, Ferriss, Getz, Gloss-
brenner, Goliaday, Grover,Ilajsey. Hawkins, Higby,
Hill, Holman, Hotchkiss, Hulburd, Humphrey,
Jenckes, Johnson, Judd, Kerr, Ketcham, Knott,
Koontz, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Lynch, Mnllory,
Marvin, Maynard. McClurg. McConnick, McCul-
loch, Mercur, Miller, Moore. Morrell, Mullins,
Mungen. Myers, Nevvcomb, Niblack, Nicholson,
O'Neill, Orth, Peters, Phelps, Pile, Polsley, Robert-
son, Robinson, Scotield. Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart,
Stokes, Taber, John Trimble. Upson, Van Acrnam,
Van Trump. Ward, John T. Wilson, Windom. Wood-
bridge, and Woodward—81.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arclier, Arnell, James M.
Ashley, Axtell, Barnes, Barnum, Benjamin, Bing-
ham, Blaine, Boyer, Bromwell, Brooks, Burr, Cary,
Delano, Dodge, Driggs, Eckley, Eldridge. Finney,
Fox, Gravely, Ilaight, Hopkins, Asahel W. Ilubbard,
Richard D. Hubbard. Hunter, Ingersoll. Jones,
Kelley, Kelsey, Laflin, William Lawrence, Marshall,
Morrisse.v, Nunn, Perham, Pike, Poland, Pomeroy,
Pruyn, Ross, Sawyer. Selye, Shanks, Sitgreaves,
Aaron F. Stevens, Stone, Taffe, Taylor, Thomas,
LawrenceS. Trimble, Twichell, Van Auken, Burt
Va.il Horn.Robert T. Van Horn.ElihuB.Washburne,
Stephen i'. Wilson, and Wood—59.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
The question then recurred on seconding the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. MYERS. I withdraw the demand for
the previous question, in order to answer the
expectations of the House that a brief explan-
ation shall be made in regard to the bill now
before us. It is a bill I am instructed by the
unanimous vote of the Committee on Patents
to report. I am also authorized to assert that
this bill has, perhaps, more merits than any
bill we have hitherto reported, and we report
very few.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, rose.
Mr. MYERS. 1 decline to yield at the
present moment. The gentleman has done his
best to kill this bill; but I will yield to him at j
the proper time. I can satisfy the House this
measure is right, or I do not desire its pas-
sage. At present I desire to submit my own
statement, in order that the case may be put
before the House intelligibly.
It was stated the other day that this was the
same old bill resuscitated over and over again.
Perhaps it may be as well to state in the outset
that in the last Congress a bill was passed, and
that this is substantially the same, with the
exception that it remedies some of the objec-
tions then urged against it. The bill failed in
the last Congress by a small majority, because
a fraudulent paper was introduced upon this
floor, not so intended, I will say, by the hon-
orable gentleman from Massachusetts, who
presented it. The statement was then made
that the patent would not inure to the benefit
of the widow aud heirs who now claim it.
As soon as opportunity was afforded, but too
late fur a remedy then, the paper was found
to be a manufactured one. The assignment
did not inure beyond the extended term for
seven years. I have all the papers and proofs
before^ne on this point, and if necessary I will
have them read to the House.
Such having been ascertained to be the fact,
the Committee on Patents felt it to be its duty
to report a bill again. It is shown that the
inventor never received a dollar for the inven-
tions secured by the letters-patent and now
sought to be extended, of vast utility as theyare,
and which have cheapened the articles made by
them all overthe United States. Ithas brought
countless benefits to those who use it. If they
knew to whom they were indebted for them
they would, by common consent, agree that
this patent should be extended.
Before this invention of machinery for the
manufacture of wood screws they were manu-
factured by hand. By these automatic machines
and previous machines of his invention, now
become public, they can be made better,
quicker, and of course cheaper, and the benefit
to the people is as undisputed as in the Blanch-
ard, Woodworth, and other cases, where Con-
gress extended the patents.
When this bill was last up it was met with a
new device. The honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] then spoke as
follows :
"I ara informed this is a fact, and I wish to know
whether it came before the committee. Mr. Ilarvey
some yearsngosold toalarge iron proprietor in Mas-
sachusetts the right to mapufacture screws under hi-;
patent, and gave a bond in the sum of £10,000 that
this manufacturer should enjoy that privilege. But.
afterward, and while the machinery was being set up
to manufacture these screws, Mr. Harvey sold his
patent to this Providence company for $125,000, and
then came forward and paid the $10,000 bond rather
than carry out his contract with the Massachusetts
manufacturer. That, I am informed, is the faet, and
it may explain why Massachusetts is not in faver of
paying any more^ money as a royalty to this Ithodo
Island company.''
This statement, and a similar one made by
one of his colleagues quietly to members,
defeated the bill, although by a large majority
the House had just refused to lay it on the
table, and defeated it would have remained so
far as the action of the Patent Committee was
concerned ; but on the Monday following gen-
tlemen arose in their places, each saying—
" Thou can'st not say I did it"—.
each one anxious that the fault should not be
placed on him of making what was an erroneous
statement. When this occurred the commit-
tee asked as their privilege to have the ease
referred back to them to take the testimony
of the iron proprietor and member referred to.
This was done, and it-was found that the facts
were not as represented, but that the transac-
tions referred to were ten years before these
patents were issued to Mr. Harvey, and the
whole story was exploded.
With the exception of one particular the bill
before the House is the same bill that was pre-
viously reported. In its present shape it is
very reasonable, and should be acceptable to
the House. We provide that this monopoly
which has had the benefit of these patents, this
great company which is so much dreaded, shall
never have the benefit of this extension, i f it
does become the owner or part owner the pat-
ent shall become void. That is a sufficient
answer to any one who pretends that this
American Screw Company are to have the
benefit of the extension. _
And now I claim the attention of the House
to the proof that the inventor never received
