1248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
soldier of the war of 1812 who is not eighty
years of ago, and all of them have reached the
allotted period of human life. Now, what is
asked is that we shall do justice to these men
who saved our liberties.
Mr. MILLER. I now yield five minutes to
my colleague on the committee from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Mullins.]
^ Mr. MULLINS. Mr. Speaker, I positively
in my own mind feel that i am doing injustice
j j m body of men around me when
I address their sense of honesty and their in-
tegrity of purpose in advocacy of the bill now
before us for consideration. I speak in behalf
of a people who, under the influence of God,
when they were the youth of the country, were
called out fifty-six years ago, and you cannot
make it less than fifty-six years, amid the cane-
brakes of the West, where it was my fortune
or misfortune to live; I stand, before you and
advocate the cause of the trembling limbs and
emaeiated forms of those who went out like
giants and fearlessly faced the enemy of our
country, though he roared as a lion coming up
from the waters of Jordan. [Laughter.] I
can announce to you that I am one of the
descendants of those who thus went out. Well
do 1 remember the beautiful bright morn when
my father was summoned to go forth to battle.
Then it was that the mother who bore me was
down upon her death-bed with a blood wen in
her neck. My father went to her: "Wife, I
am summoned at the call of my country; my
country is assailed by a dreadful enemy—a
foreign Power that is opposed to our Republic.
And he has assailed our borders ; our friends are
giving way and the Indians are coming in;
what shall I do, wife?" "0 my dear hus-
band," she answered, " God will take care of
me and these while you go out and fight the
battles of our country and help maintain the
flag which my father traveled seven years with
Washington to plant asthe standard of liberty.''
My parents have passed away. The last one
is buried. But four of the family remain, and
thank God none of us would come within the
provisions of this bill, for the old adage has
come true and the righteous is not forsaken;
neither is his seed begging bread, though I am
very unrighteous. [Laughter.]
And now I am here calling upon this Con-
gress to do justice to these men. Where were
you when these men with athletic arms stood
and shook the British lion by his mane, and
made him bite the dust? [Laughter.] Many
of your fathers were out in battle, and others
were in these Halls. They have handed down
to you this glorious temple of liberty, which
the sunlight of liberty breaks through and illu-
minates. They have placed you in this strong
rampart. The services of these men have been
beautifully, oratorically pointed out to you by
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logan,]
whom God endowed with power to point them
out. [Laughter.] And can you, in view of
such arguments and facts, refuse this pittance
to these old men who are tottering almost on
the verge of the grave? Oh, I cannot believe
it. I believe-that this bill will go through with
perfect triumph, I cannot believe that one
member of the House will vote against it.
Before I close, allow me to say that I am
ashamed that we have not provided for the
widows. I say it with all due respect to the
committee, but we did it for the sake of meet-
ing the objections of that great man- from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Washburne,] whom I have stood
by all the time. [Laughter.] He is for re-
trenchment, and I like him for it; but if he
trenches upon this he trenches on the future
honor and glory of our country. Where will
you get men to fight your battles if you disgrace
their fathers ? Great God! my good man, when
you go back to Illinois they will dig a pit for
you so deep that you will never get out of it.
[Great laughter.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MILLER. I nowyield three minutes to
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence.]
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I am perfectly
aware that in the three minutes allotted to me
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, it will be
impossible for me to discuss this Bill. I shall
vote for the bill, and I should feel that I had
not performed my duty if I were to sit silent
and not say something in its behalf. There are
but two subjects presented for consideration
and they are these: first, do these needy sol-
diers of the war of 1812 deserve the pensions
proposed by this bill; and secondly, are we able
to pay them.
Mr. Speaker, I scarcely need discuss the
question whether these soldiers deserve this
bounty. I know no reason why we should dis-
tinguish between the needy revolutionary sol-
dier, the soldier of the war of 1812, and the
soldiers who saved the life of the Republic
during the great rebellion. Sir, it has become
a part of our civil policy to provide for the men
who, upon the field of battle, have periled
their lives for the safety of the Republic. These
soldiers deserve the pensions which this bill
provides for them. Now, are we able to pay
them ?• According to the best estimates which
we can get, this bill will not take from the
Treasury a million dollars per year. But if the
sum were even greater, it would be a solemn
duty on the part of this Government to pay to
these soldiers the pensions they so richly
deserve.
I have been somewhat surprised to find gen-
tlemen here preaching economy upon this sub-
ject who voted for the joint resolution of the
28th of February, 1867, which took some two
million dollars from the public Treasury to
give an increased compensation of twenty per
cent, to the civil eipployfes of the Government
at Washington. Now, as between the civil em-
ployes at Washington and the soldiers of the
war of 1812, I will go for bounties rather than
for increased compensation ; and if gentlemen
urge economy, as I trust they will—and I will
join with them in it—let them economize by
refusing to increase the pay of any officer until
we have first done justice to the soldiers of the
war of 1812. There is ample room for econ-
omy; there are ample opportunities for re-
trenchment of the expenditures of this Gov-
ernment to an extent greater than would be
necessary to provide all the money to be taken
from the Treasury to give pensions to the sol-
diers of 1812. I am in favor of economy, and
will go as far as the farthest of any gentleman
upon this floor to accomplish it. I would re-
trench the expenditures of the Government,
and by that means save the money necessary
to pay to these soldiers the pensions which
they so richly deserve and so long" since fully
earned.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MILLER. I now yield five minutes to
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Bromwell.]
Mr. BROMWELL. I think that is a longer
time than I shall want for the purpose of dis-
cussing the merits of this bill, for this reason :
the United States have always had money
enough to pay these soldiers, who, through age
or destitution, are left without friends and means
at the close of life. It is not a question with the
American people how much it will cost.
My colleague [Mr. Washrubse] raised a
question here which I do not think the peo-
ple will thank him for. The people I rep-
resent are for economy, and they will stand
by this House in making up this money by
diminishing the outlays of this Government
in a great many cases in which we are now
very lavish with our money. They would even
be willing to take enough for these pensions
out of the prices we are paying for such terri-
tories as Alaska and the islands which may
be thrown up by the next earthquake in the
Caribbean sea. [Laughter.] They would be
willing to see Congress provide these means-
by withholding the appropriation ot vast sums
for secret service or for sending an Assistant
Secretary of the Navy around the world or for
keeping a naval squadron on exhibition all
along the coasts of Europe, and in a thousand
other ways. Regard for the honor of my coun-
try will not permit me to argu  here as to the
cost.
Now, in regard to the question raised by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Washburne,]
in regard to the expenditure under this bill,
which he fixes at $172,000,000. Now, I have
seen such estimates before, but I should not
think any man raised in my State, who was not
brought up in the woods to be scared by an
owl, would ever be frightened by estimates of
that kind in regard to the bounties of these
soldiers. Now, what prevented this House
from voting a proper bounty to the soldiers of
1861 was, that estimates were brought in here
showing that it would take seven or eight hun-
dred million dollars for that purpose. Will
the House be scared out of this measure by
estimates so preposterous that I cannot see for
what purpose they were quoted on this floor?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MILLER. I now yield three minutes to
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Pruy.w]
Mr. PRUYN. Mr. Speaker, I always regret
to see questions so important as this brought
before the House under the operation of the
previous question; and I am very glad that the
gentleman in charge of this bill has consented
to this brief discussion of its merits.
I listened with interest to the statement of
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Washburne]
as to the number of persons who would prob-
ably be entitled to the benefits of this bill if it
should become a law. The problem presented
is simply this: out of two hundred and fifty-
five thousand persons, all of whom were over
-eighteen years of age fifty-six and a half years
ago, how many now survive? This can be defi-
nitely and distinctly ascertained by the rules
applicable to ascertaining the average duration
of life among a given number of persons, and
by the application of those rules we might have
been furnished with precise data. Having given
some attention to this subject for many years,
my own impression is, that if we estimate twenty
thousand as the number now surviving, the
estimate is quite large; and I believe that
$2,000,000 would cover the whole appropria-
tion, even if all the survivors were entitled to
pensions.
My own impression is, that with the qualifi-
cations and restrictions embraced in the bill
the amount necessary to pay these pensions
will not be more than twelve or fifteen hun-
dred thousand dollars per annum. On this
side of the House many of us, if not all of us,
are willing.to vote for this appropriation; and
should the bill become a law, then, when the
Freedmen's Bureau appropriation bill shall
come before us, a motion will be made on this
side of the Souse to deduct this amount from
that appropriation.
Mr. MILLER. I now yield to my colleague,
[Mr. O'Neill.] '
_ Mr. O'NEILL. I have found in my expe-
rience in this House thafe*a wrong statement
forcibly made is very apt to have considerable
influence; and when my friend from Illinois
[Mr. Washburne] urgedthattheamountneces-
sary to pay th„ese pensions would be $172,000,-
000 he perhaps did this very just measure
much harm, and I think the statement should
be corrected.
Mr. Speaker, I rose mainly to make a sug-
gestion with regard to the number of men who
are likely to be the recipients of these pensions
if this bill should be passed. The gentleman
from New York [Mr. Pruyx] has said that
they would not exceed twenty thousand. My
impression is that the number of these veter-
ans who, being in indigent circumstances, would
make application would not average many more
than one hundred in each of the loyal States,
and would probably not equal in the aggre-
gate anything like five thousand in the whole
country.
I know, sir, that this House would no&meas-
ure by money the value of that patriotism ex-
hibited inby-gone days. The men for whose
benefit this bill is intended sustained our na-
tionality in their day just as zealously and
efficiently and patriotically as did oar soldiers
in the war for the Union through which we
have lately passed, to whom we havs given
