3296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
a dollar out of these inventions, except that at
one time while he whs perfecting tiiein he
received a salary of $100 a month. I have
the affidavits heio to that fact. Alter invent-
ing various machines lor the perfection of the
manufacture of wood screws, all of which have
gone to the benefit of the public—six of them
are in public use and can be used to manufac-
ture many of the screws in ordinary use.
Alter the invention of those the idea of per-
fecting the machine came into the inventor's
mind. He had received from various other
inventions, to which I referred on a former
occasion, $100,000. But it required an enor-
mous number of machines for making the dif-
ferent sizes of screws. In perfecting these
machines he spent §100,000. and had to bor-
row $70,000 of Charles Ely, of New Ydfkcity,
to whom he gave as security an assignment of
the first term of the patent, fourteen years.
Therefore he never received cne dollar out of
the first term. Not only that, but he was
unable to pay the $70,000 out of the profits of
the first term, and arbitrators were selected to
award the value of the seven years' term, to
be extended by the Commissioner of Patents.
They said it was worth, I think, $05,000.
There were S40.000 then due to Mr. Ely. Mr.
Harvey died, and Mr. Ely held the extension
to repay himself the balance due, but it never
did repay him. He sold it. under the decree
of the arbitrators to this American Screw Com-
pany, a company which has four thousand
machines, and which makes seven ninths of
all the wood screws in the United States, and
which, through its various emissaries and in
manifold ways, seeks to obtain these patents.
]f extended, this widow and those heirs will
have the right to the machines, and they can
compete with this great company which even
now has a right to run its own machines whether
you extend this patent or not. If notextended,
they have the monopoly, and instead of the
prices being lessened they will be increased.
These are the facts mainly exhibited under
oath to the committee. Now, before calling
the previous question, I yield to the gentleman
from Massachusetts.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
have but a few facts to state in reference to
this case, if I can have the attention of the
House. The gentleman says I have made an
effort to prevent the extension of this monop-
oly. i am free to say that 1 have made such
an eflbit. and I am leady to ren w it to-day.
But 1 do not desire to do it on any unfair
ground, or on anything else than a fair state-
ment of facts. As I said when this question
was up before, that if 1 had been misinformed,
if the American screw monopoly was not at
the foundation of this whole proceeding, if it
was not, to perpetuate a monopoly in this busi-
ness, then 1 had been very much deceived.
Now, I wish to state a few facts to the House,
and if gentlemen will listen to them 1 think
they will come to the same conclusion that 1
do in this case. When this patent was first
reported by the committee, in January, 1807,
and an effort was made to have it extended,
facts were presented which, on the 5th of Feb-
ruary, 1807, led this House to reject its exten-
sion, It was claimed at that time that the
American Screw Company was to receive the
benefit of this extension.
Air. MYERS. By whom?
Mr. WASflBUKX, of Massachusetts. I
claimed that they were, but the Committee on
Patents and the gentleman from Pennsylvania
said that they had no interest direelly or in-
directly in that extension. What is the state
of the facts? When the question was then
before the House a corporation in my own
district with $-500,000 capital invested in the
manufacture of screws appeared here by their
attorneys and desired that this monopoly might
not be extended further, and did all in their
power to prevent the extension. The Union
Screw Company of Providence. Rhode Island,
appeared here with their attorney and did
everything in their power to prevent the ex-
tension of the monopoly. Where are those
corporations to-day, 1 ask the gentleman ?
Why the corporation in my own district have
appeared here and said these individuals have
made arrangements with us, and it is better for
us to have this extension granted than it is
not to have it. and so far as we are concerned
we prefer that you would not oppose the ex-
tension of this patent. The Union Screw Com-
pany of Provideuce, Rhode Island, which
appeared here and did everything in its power
to prevent the extension, do not appear here
to-day. Why not? 1 have some other facts
to read here, and I ask the gentleman who
reports this bill to gainsay or dispute them
if he can. The bill extending this patent was
rejected on the 5th day of February, and on the
18th day of March, after the bill was rejected,
and after the Union Screw Company and these
Other corporations had appeared against it, it
seems that the American Screw Company, the
very company that the Committee on Patents
claims has no interest-  
Mr. MYERS. 1 want the House to hear
the gentleman, but I want the gentleman to
confine himself to a certain amount of time.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Well,
give nic ten minutes.
Mr. MYERS. I will give you ten minutes
in all.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania has no right
to limit my colleague. My colleague took the
floor himself without any limitation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The floor was assigned to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, and he yielded
it to the gentleman fiom Massachusetts. He
has a right under the usage of the House to
resume the lloor whenever he sees lit.
Mr. DAWES. 1 understood him to surren-
der the floor.
The SPEAKER. He did not.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
was saying that this extension was denied oil
the 5th of February. Unthe 18th day of March
the American Screw Company went to the
Union Screw Company of Providence, who
had appeared hereand opposed this exi fusion,
and made an agreement with them that they
would purchase all their interest, and thereare
a few conditions in that agreement to which 1.
wish to call attention. The agieement was
that the American Screw Company should pur-
chase all lfie interest of the Union Screw Com-
pany, and here is one of the conditions:
" And that said Union Screw Company, its officers
and agents, actinic in its belni It', shall at once discon-
tinue all opposition in lis behalf of the extension of
the Jlaivey paiunts.so called, now pending beiore
the Congress of the United .States."
That was on the 18th of March, after the
Union Screw Company had appealed here and
opposed the extension, and itliad been rejected.
The American .Screw Company make an agree-
ment to buy out that company, and bind them
not to continue their opposition to the exleu-
sion of the patent-
Mr. MYE11S. Will the gentleman state
what he is reading from ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. The
agreement of the American Screw Company
to buy out the Union Screw Company. I ask
the Clerk to read what 1 have marked, and
which I send to his desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
"And said party of the second part hereby agrees to
discontinue and hereatter retrain irom altopposition
to the extension of the Harvey patents before Con-
gress in its behalf: and said party of the first part
hereby agrees to and with the party of the sccond
part to guaranty and secure to the party of the
second part, until the party of the first part shall
have fully carried out in good faith all the agree-
ments herein on its part, the same interest and
rights in every particular that, they would have or
be entitled to if the so-called Harvey patents, appli-
cation for the extension of which is now pending
before the Congrc.s-; ot the United States, should not
be extended, but should be allowed to expire, pro-
vided, said parly of the second part carry out their
agreement herein on their part in good faith.''
Mr, WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. This
agreement was carried out, and $161,510 was
paid to the Union Screw Company. Now,
if the American Screw Company had no
interest in this extension, why did they enter
into an agreement, with these corporations to
cease all their opposition to this extension.
I put this question to an individual who lias
known all about its proceedings, who has acted
as counsel for this company, toe Harvey heirs
and the American Screw Company, tic ad-
mitted that it was the expectation ot the Amer-
ican Screw Company to derive the benches ot
this reextension. . , .
What 1 wish to state to the House is this:
there is not a corporation that appears here
to oppose tliis extension ;
hut a]I have been
either*bought up or been arranged with no. to
oppose the extension of this monopoly, this
American Screw Company, as is known to
those who have examined this matter, have
made it the greatest monopoly that ever existed
in this couniry. And not less than from iiity
to seventy five per cent, of prone has been put
upon every gross ot screws they manuiactine.
And when there was danger that screws would
be imported from abroad, they came hereand
succeeded in getting a tariff put on screws
which amounted almost to a prohibition, ihen
they manufactured screws and scattered them
all over the country in vast amounts, with
profits to the extent of millions of dollars, all
of it coining out of those who use them.^
My position in regard to this extension is
this: scattered throughout my district, and
throughout this country are thousands of man-
ufacturers ; furniture manufactarers, chair man-
ufacturers, piano-forte manufacturers, carriage
manufacturers, manufacturers ot every rank
and class, who are using these articles to a
great extent. They come forward and say that
this great monopoly has applied to them to
pay an enormous price for these screws ; and
now they ask, that having guarantied to the
patentee this monopoly for twenty-one years,
it shall now be thrown open to the public.
They say, ''You talk about relieving us from
the burdens of taxation ; yet. while you relieve
us from the burden of taxation to the extent of
removing the five per cent, tax, do not press
upon us this monopoly of the screw manufac-
ture, which enters into all our manufactures to
so great ail extent." There is hardly a man-
ufacturer or hardware dealer or merchant of
any kind in my district who has not besought me
to "do what I can to oppose the extension of
this monopoly.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MYK1KS. I have listened to my friend
from Massachusetts, [ Mr. Washbuh.w] and 1
have no doubt lie has great interest in these
screw companies. Yet while he is perpetually
defending what must be to their inteiest, he
apparently agrees with me that the Ametiean
Screw Company is one of the greatest monopo-
lies that has ever existed in tins country. Fail
to extend this, and they have by theirfour thou-
sand machines and great capital the monopoly
and the profit of this invention, and widow and
heirs of the inventor will not get a dollar. Ex-
tend it, and, while the Treasury loses not a dol-
lar, you do a great justice to the memory and
representatives of an American inventor, such
as the American people have never failed to
sanction.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
hope the gentleman will not misrepresent me.
Mr. MY EKS. I will not.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. The
gentleman knows there is not one of these cor-
porations but is here in favor of this exten-
sion.
Mr.*MYERS. The gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Will
the gentleman mention one of them?
Mr. MYERS. I will answer the gentleman
in spite of his interjections and objections. 1
supposed that at the last minute some new-
paper would be read. It is the third time this
expedient has been resorted to. It is practiced
in the^ interest of somebody. It is not prac-
ticed in the interest of this widow and these
heirs. It is not practiced in the interest of this
manufacturer. \Vho does the gentleman repre-
sent? And what is the reason of liis intense
