1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
320T
activity and feeling against the bill ? The par-
ties, by our direction, gave notice all over the
United States,and we received no protests;
bat we did see the requests of two hundred
hardware men, who ask for this extension. I
should like to know whose interest it is. The
gentleman says it is in the interests of his con-
stituents. I honor and esteem the gentleman
from Massachusetts for protecting the interests
of his constituents. 1 have nothing to say
against him on that ground. But, sir, let me
answer him, and " mark how plain a tale will
put him down." This bill provides that if ever
the American Screw Company shall become
the possessor of this patent then it shall become
null and void. That sets at nought all agree-
ments between these companies who wish to
rob this widow of her rights. I now demand
the previous question.
Mr. GARFIELD. If this bill is to pass, I
ask my friend whether he will not accept an
amendment to pay out of the Treasury the
money these heirs are said to have lostinstead
of taxing our mechanics in the country ?
Mr. MYERS. Two or three times I have
already stated to this House, upon my knowl-
edge of the facts and proofs in this case, that
this extension does not tax the people. I can
prove that this is so. I have already fully
done so. The people of my district are as
much interested in it as the people of any other
district in the United States. I have shown
how it has been a blessing and not a tax to the
people.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania has pledged him-
self to the House that he would mention some
manufacturing company which was against this
extension. With the exception of the Amer-
ican Screw Company, not one of them has
made opposition to this monopoly. Put your
finger upon one of them.
Mr. MYERS. They appear somewhere in
this House. They appeared by counsel before
the committee. They have advocates on this
floor. We find no agreement like that referred
to. _ Who gave it to the gentleman ? They are
invisible, but their influence is as perceptible
as the atmosphere we breathe, and the presi-
dent of one of them, the Boston Screw Com-
pany, caused the insertion in the Post of the
article once before read here against the bill.
I must now insist on the demand for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
hope the demand for the previous question will
not be seconded.
Mr. MYERS. If the gentleman wishes to
make any more speeches he can print them,
and not make them out of order across the
floor. [Laughter.] I yield to the gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I understood the
gentleman to say there were no remonstrances
against this extension presented to the com-
mittee, but there were petitions the other way.
I wish to say this in behalf of my district, that
in reference to no extension pending before
Congress have I received such a number of
remonstrances, earnest and vigorous, and I
think reasonable, as I have against this.
Mr. MYERS. I decline to yield further,
and insist on the demand for the previous
question.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
44, noes 45; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Mr. Myers, and Mr. Washburn of
Massachusetts.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed -ayes sixty-four, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered; and
under the operation thereof, the bill was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and it
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
ask the yeas and nays on the passage of the
bill. Let the country see who are in favor of
extending this monopoly.
The ycas and nays were ordered,
4(Jih CoXg. 2d Ssas.—No. 207.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 65, nays-71, not voting
53; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Archer, Axtell,
Banks, Beck, Blair, Cake, Ohanler, Sidney Clarke,
Coburn, Cornell, Dixon, Donnelly, Eldridge,Ferriss,
Getz, Goiladay, Gravely, Grover, Haight, Halsey,
liigby^UuLlIolinan, Hotchkiss, Humphrey, Jenckcs,
Johnson, Kerr, Kctcham. Knott, Koontz, Lincoln,
Logan, Mallory, Marvin, Maynard, IfelcClurg, McCul-
Stewart, Stokes, Tabor, John Trimble, Van Aernam,
Van Trump, Ward, "VVindom, and Woodbridge—65.
NAYS-—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Delos R, Ashley,
Bailey, Baker, Baldwin, Beaman, Beatty, Benjamin,
Benton, Bingham, Boutvvell, Buckland. Butler,
Churchill. Re.ader W. Clarke, Cobb, £ook, Covode,
Cullom, Dawes, Delano, Bekley, EgKleston, Ela,
Eliot, Parnsworth, Fields, Garfield, G-lossbronner,
Harding Hooper, Chester D. Hubbard, Ilulburd,
J una, Julian, Kclsey, George V. Lawrence, Lough-
ridge, Lynch, McCarthy, Moorhead, Orth, Plielps,
Pike, Pde, Plants, I'riee, Rniuial], Haum, Sawyer,
Scher.ck, Shellabsirger,- Smith, Spalding, Stark-
weather, Aaron F. Stevens, Stone-, Taylor,'Trow-
bridge, IViehell. Van Wyoli, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, Hen rv D. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
Welker, JLhomas Williams, William Williams, James
F. Wilson, John X. Wilsuu, and Woodward—71.
jS OT VOTING—Messrs. Arneli, James M. Ashley,
Barnes, Barnuni, Blaine, Boyer, Bromwell, Brooks,
Broomall, Btirr.Cary, Dodge, Driggs, lerry, Finney,
J? ox, Gnswold. Hawkins, Hopkins, Asahcl W. Hub-
bard, Richard D. llubba,rd. Hunter. Ingersoll, Jones,
Kelley, Kitchen, Laflm, William Lawrence, Loan,
Marshall, McConnick, Morrissey, Mungon, Nunn,
Paine, Perhara, 1'olnnd, Pruyn, Ross, Selye, Shanks,
Sitgreaves. Thaddens Stevens, Taife, Tliomas, Law-
rence S. Trimble, Upson, Van Auken. Burt Van
Horn, Robeifc X. Van Horn, Elihu U. Washburne,
Stephen i\ Wilson, and Wood—53.
So the bill was rejected.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to_ reconsider the vote by which the bill was
rejected; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
thomas crosslky.
Mr. MYERS, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, reported back a bill (S. No. 426) for the
relief ot Thomas Crossley, with a recommend-
ation that it do-pass.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the bill goes over till to-inorrow
in the morning hour.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a privileged
question. I submit the following report:
The committee of conference of the two Houses on
the amendment of the Senato to the bill (II. K. No.
1059) to relieve certain citizens of North Carolina of
disabilities, bavins met, after full and free confer-
ence have agreed to recommend, and do recommend
to their respective Houses, as follows:
That tbe House recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the Senate, and agree to thesame
with the following amendments:
Strike out "Ueorgo S.Houston, of Alabama," and
"George W. Jones, of Tennessee."
Strike out " and Tennessee," where it first occurs
in section four, and insert " and " after "Arkansas''
win-to it first occurs in section four.
Also, strike out " Robert Austin," of North Caro-
lina. :;nd insert " Robert H. Austin."
Stnke out " Wiley D. Jones," of North Carolina,
and insert " Willie Jones."
Strikeout " Eugene Grisson," of North Carolina,
and insert "Eugene Orissom."
Strikeout" John D. Ashmond," of South Carolina,
and insert "J. I). Ashmore."
Strike out "John M. Rusty [or Burtz."']
J.F. FARNSWORTH,
II. E. PAINE,
Managers on the part of the House.
WILLIAM STEWART,
HENKY WILSON,
JOHN SHERMAN.
Manaoers on the part of the Senate.
I do not desire to detain the House. The
amendments are most of them verbal, with the
exception of the dropping of two names which
the Senate had inserted in the bill. Before
calling the previous question, I yield to my
colleague on the committee from Kentucky,
[Mr. Beck.]
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker. I only desire to state
why I failed to sign the report of the conference
committee of which I was a member, not to
argue the principles contained in it which make
it so objectionable to me. I have done that on
a former occasion, and am only more and more Ij
confirmed in tny opinions by what is transpiring j
now. That pardon is an executive and not a j
legislative function is too clear for argument; I
that this is a usurpation of the pardoning power
is equally evident. That it is converted into a
mere party machine, by which the worst men
in the country are whitewashed and made clean
before the law if they will only make np ;in
party servility what they lack in integrity and
honesty, is too apparent to need eyen exposure;
and that the best and truest men in the coun-
try, those to whose honor, integrity, and devo-
tion to principle the restoration of these now
disjointed States to their proper relations could
most safely be intrusted, are to be kept under
perpetual ostracism unless they will abandon,
or pretend to abandon, all their principles, and
bow the knee to the idol which Radicalism has
set up and seems determined to maintain, is
perfectly plain. The aptest illustration of the
truth <of what I say is to be found in the report
now before the House. We sent the names of
many hundreds of men residing in North Car-
olina, admitted rebels, to the Senate, asking
concurrence in the removal of their politick
disabilities because they had joined the Radical
party and had voted for the adventurers who
had taken possession of that State. Whether
they were honest or not, whether they were
men of character or not, no man in this House
knew, except in a few instances. It was simply
the carrying out of a contract with the Radical
leaders in the State, that if these men would
prove false to their race and people, give the
negro and carpet-bag concern respectability
and a show of acquiescence by the people of
the State, so it could be, carried, and the posi-
tions of Governor, Senators, and members of
this House secured to the Radical provost
marshals and bureau agents, the political dis-
abilities of the persons so selling their manhood
and their birthright should be removed by the
dominant majority here, and the people of the
North would be told that the white men of the
South were in great numbers aiding in recon-
struction, only obstinate .and persistent rebels
refusing.
The Senate added several hundred mors to
the list, making no objection to any of those
sent there by us. Among those so added, and
whose character, integrity, and high position
was vouched for by every Senator who spoke
of them, were George W. Jones, of Tennessee,
and George Houston, of Alabama; and they
were included in the bill, and their disabilities
removed by a vote 37 to 3: every Republican
Senator present voting for the bill. This House
disagreed, without inquiry into the cause of
the disagreement, and the committee of con-
ference, whose report has. just been read, was
the result. The Senate managers receded
from their amendment on the demand of the
House so far as to strike out the names of
Jones and Houston. Mr. Jones seemed to be
the special object of attack: perhaps he lives
in a district in Tennessee that would return
him to this House, and thereby remove who-
ever now represents it. I do not know what
district he lives in, nor who represents it, and
therefore make no personal allusions ; but the
avowed fact is that the Tennessee delegation
in this House are united and determined in
their opposition to him, and that opposition
has controlled and changed the vote of the Sen-
ate. Mr. Jones, honest, upright, intelligent,
resisting the secession of his State as long as
resistance was possible, as honorable Senators
asserted on their personal responsibility, is
sacrificed because he will not bow the knee to
Baal; does not believe that a military despot-
ism is a better government than that provided
for in the Constitution ; does not believe that
the negro is superior to the white race; and
will not prostitute himself and his principles
even for the sake of being relieved from the
onerous and galling ostracism under which he
and thousands of others (Senator Wilsox says
fifty thousand) are now struggling.
It is for this House to again assert before
the country, as I have no doubt it will, that
honesty, integrity, capacity, faithfulness to
trusts, and unsullied honor constitute no test
or guarantee for the removal of disabilities.
Nothing but blind and unquestioning obse-
