THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
215
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. How many times did he speak it?
Answer. Please read it again.
Question. I asked how many times did he
speak Judas?
Ansioer. Three times.
Question. Well, I believe we have got " Ju-
daas, Judas Iso.ariot, Judaas." That is only
three times. Why did you say one too many?
Answer. You have it four times there.
Question. I beg your pardon. I have only
said it three times. "Judaas, Judas Iscariot,
Judaas."
The Witness. Are not those words itali-
cized there?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Yes, sir.
The Witness. Are they not stretched out to
make it appear ridiculous?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I really think two
of the Judases are spelt with the pronunciation
—" J-u-d-a-a-s."
The Witness. Yes, and italicized.
Question. Do you mean to say that the Presi-
dent did not speak those words with emphasis?
Ansioer. I mean to say that he did not speak
them in that way.
Question. I read:
" There was a Judas once, one of the twelve apostles.
Ohl yes, and these twelve apostles had a Christ. [A
voice, 'And a Moses, too.' Great laughter.] The
twelvo apostles had a Christ, and ho could not have
had a Judas unless ho had had twelve apostles."
See if I am right.
Answer. The word "yes" should not be
stretched out with dashes between each letter,
as there.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. The "yes" is not
here stretched out. Is there any other ques-
tion you would like to ask me, sir? [Laughter. ]
The Witness. All I wish is that you shall
read it as it is there.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Now, sir, will you
attend to your business and see what differences
there are as I read ?
"If I have played the Judas, who has boen my
Christ that I have played the Judas with? "Was it
Xhad. Stevens? Was it Wendell Phillips? "VVas it
Charles Sumner? [Ilissesandcheers.J Arothesethe
men that set up and coin pure themselves with the
Saviour of men,and everybodythatdifferswith them
in opinion, and try to stay & arrest their diabolical
and nefarious policy, is to be denounced as a Judas."
Answer. "And that try."
Question. "Differ with them in opinion,
and that try to stay and arrest their diaboli-
cal and nefarious policy is to be denounced
asa Judas. [' Hurrah for Andy atid cheers.' "]
Am I right so far, sir?
Answer. I think so.
Question. Is that a fair specimen of the sixty
corrections ?
Answer. There are four in the next three
lines.
Question. Is that a fair specimen of the
sixty corrections. Answer the question?
Mr. EVARTS. Mr. Chief Justice, I sup-
Eose the corrections, the whole of which we
ave put in evidence, will show for themselves.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I am cross-exam-
ining the witness.
Mr. EVARTS. It has nothing to do with
the matter of evidence.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I am asking a
question of the witness on cross-examination,
and I prefer that he should not be instructed.
Mr. EVARTS. No instruction. We thought
we should save time by putting in the memo-
randum ; but it seems that the cross-examina-
tion is to go over every item. We insist that
it be confined to questions that are proper.
Whether this is a fair specimen or not, com-
pared with the whole paper, will appear by
the comparison the court make between the
two pieces of evidence.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I am testing the
credibility of this witness, and I do not care to
have him instructed.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. If the question is
objected to, the honorable Manager will please
put it in writing.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I will put it in
writing if the Chief Justice desires.
Mr. EVARTS. It is no question of credi-
bility ; it is a mere question of judgment asked
of him between two papers, whether one is a
fair specimen of the other.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. 1 will put the
question in writing if the Chief Justice desires.
The question is this: whether all the correc-
tions which you have indicated in answer to my
questions are of the same average character
with the other corrections of the sixty ?
The Witness. There are two or three cor-
rections in that which you have read.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Is the question
objected to ?
Mr. EVARTS. We object to the question.
It requires a reexamination of the whole sub-
ject.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question will
be put in writing, objection being made.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I will pass from
that rather than take time, because I shall be
accused of having taken up too much time.
[To the witness.] Mr. Witness, you have told
us that in the next few lines there were cor-
rections, I think four in the next three lines.
Now I will read the succeeding lines:
" In the days when there ware twelyo apostles and
when there ware a Christ, whilo there ware Judases,
there ware unbelievers, too. Y-a-s; while there
were Judases, thcro ware unbelievers. [Voices:
'Hear," ' Three ftroans for Fletcher.'] Yes, oh yes!
unbelievers in Christ."
The Witness. Do you wish me to make
corrections there?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I want you to
stop me when there is anything wrong.
The Witness. "In the days when there
ware;" were is right.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. It reads in mine
"ware," and in yours it reads "were?"
Answer. Yes; and then in the next line
there is a " ware" again. It should be "were."
Question. What is the next?
Answer. There is another "ware."
Question. That is, it should be "were"
instead of " ivaref"
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Those are the three corrections
you want to make there? Are those the only
corrections there?
Answer. Then there is one before "unbe-
lievers."
Question. What is it?
Answer. " Were" for "ware."
Question. Are those all?
The Witness. Does it read in yours" Voices,
' Hear 1' ' Three groans for Fletcher?' "
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Yes, sir. It is all
right, is it not? What is the trouble with that?
The Witness. There are four "wares"
there, are there not?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. What do you
mean by "wares?" We have corrected the
" e" for the "athat is the whole change.
The Witness. Yours reads "there ware a
Christ;" the "xoare" should be "was."
Question. Then all your corrections are of
pronunciation and grammar, are they not?
Answer. The President did not use those
words.
Question. Do you say that the President docs
not pronounce "were" broadly, as is some-
times the southern fashion?
Answer. I say that he did not use it as used
in that paper.
Question. Did he not speak broadly the word
"were" when he used it?
Answer. Not so that it could be distinguished
for "ware."
Question. Then it is a matter of how you
would spell pronunciation that you want to
correct, is it?
Answer. The tone of voice cannot be repre-
sented in print.
Question. And still you think "were" best
represents his tone of voice, do you ?
Answer. I think it did.
Question. Although it cannot be represented
in print. Now, sir, with the exception of these
corrections in pronunciation and grammar, is
there any correction as the speech was printed
in the Democrat on Monday from that which
was printed in the Republican ?
Answer. Of what date 1
Question. The Republican of Sunday.
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Or of Monday? With the excep-
tion of corrections of grammar and pronuncia-
tion, is there any correction of substanee be-
tween the two reports as printed that morning?
Answer. Specify which papers you want
compared, the Sunday Republican and Moil-
day Democrat, or the Monday Republican and
Monday Democrat?
Question. The Monday Republican and Mon-
day Democrat.
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. What are they as printed ?
Answer. One is " Let the Government be
restored. I have labored for it. I am for it
now. I deny this doctrine of secession, come
from what quarter it may."
Question. What is the change as printed ?
Answer. "Let the Government be restored.
I have labored for it." So far it is the same
in both papers ; and then the words " I am for
it. now'' are omitted in the Democrat, and the
punctuation is changed so as to begin the next
sentence " Now, I deny this doctrine of seces-
sion," and then words are omitted and the
punctuation changed.
Question. There are four words omitted, "I
am for it," before now. What else?
Answer. Speaking of the neutrality law he
said, " I am sworn to support the Constitution
and to execute the law." Some one halloed
out "Why didn't you do it?" and he answered,
"The law was executed; the law was exe-
cuted." Thosewords " Why didn't you do it"
and " The law was executed; the law was exe-
cuted," are omitted in the Democrat.
Question. What else of substance ?
Answer. I do not know that I can point out
any others without the memorandum.
Question. Use the memorandum to point out
substance, not grammar, not punctuation, not
pronunciation.
Answer, (referring to the memorandum.)
One expression he used was, "Allow me to
ask if there is a man here to-night who in the
dark days of Know-Nothingism stood and bat-
tled more for their rights" 
Question. What is the word left out or put
in there ?
Answer. The word "sacrificed" is used in
the Democrat, and the word " battled" is the
one that was employed.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I will not trouble
you further, sir.
The Witness. Oh, I can point out more.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. That is all, sir.
Mr. CURTIS. We now desire, Mr. Chief
Justice, to put in evidence a document certi-
fied from the Department of State.
[The document was handed to the Managers. ]
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The counsel will
st^te the object of this evidence.
Mr. CURTIS. It is the commission issued
by President Adams to General Washington,
constituting him Lieutenant General of the
Army of the United States. The purpose is
to show the form in which commissions were
issued at that date to high military officers,
and we have selected the most conspicuous
instance in our history as regards the person,
the office, and the occasion.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. There were two
commissions issued to General Washington,
two appointments made. Was this the one he
accepted, or the one he rejected; do you
remember?
Mr. EVARTS. We understood it to be the
one actually issued, and received by him.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. And accepted by
him ?
Mr. EVARTS. We suppose so.
Mr. CURTIS. We understand so.
Mr. EVARTS. We desire to have the com-
mission read.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I see no objection
to it. I thought perhaps you could tell me
what I inquired about.
Mr. EVARTS. Will the Clerk be good
enough to read it ?
