3298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19.
quiousness to Radicalism is so considered or
regarded. That is all I desire to say.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. My colleague on the
committee [Mr. Besk] is mistaken somewhat
in regard to the recommendations of the names
that were sent to the Senate by the House.
The Committee on Reconstruction acted upon
those names, not solely upon the recommend-
ation of a committee of our own party appointed
by the convention of the State, but also upon
the recommendations of citizens, including
men who were not members of the Republican
party. Some of the names in the bill are names
of men who were really loyal during the rebel-
lion, but who held some office which disqualifies
them. They are now disposed to accept the
situation in good faith, and to support the
reconstruction measures of Congress. Those
names were scrutinized by the Reconstruction
Committee and by the House, and then sent to
the Senate. The Senate have now added a large
number of names. The Senate, acting through
a committee, scrutinized the names that had
been sent to them from the different States.
But the two names of Mr. Jones, of Tennes-
see, and Mr. Houston, of Alabama, and per-
haps some others, were added to the list upon
the individual motions of Senators. I do not
understand that they have ever asked to bo
pardoned ; I do not understand that they have
ever sent a petition here asking that their dis-
abilities bo removed. But they stand upon
their dignity ; they do not humble themselves
and ask for this boon, but wait for it to be
offered to them unasked. Those two men were
formerly members of Congress, but they went
out of the Union with their States. I do not
myself think they were original secessionists ;
bHt they went with their States, and one of
them at least went into the rebel Congress.
Now, in acting with reference to these names,
whom should your committee consult? So far
as the man from Tennessee was concerned, we
naturally consulted the members from Tennes-
see on this floor as to the condition of the mind
of that man, and whether he was a fit subject
for pardon. And from all that was told us we
came to the conclusion that until he came here
and asked us to relieve him from disabilities
it was not worth while for us to teuder to him
this act of amnesty.
Now, we do not propose to remove disabil-
ities merely from those of our own party, as
has been charged here. We do not stop to
inquire whether a man is going to votfe with the
Republican party or not. But we do inquire
whether a man is acting with the loyal peo-
ple of the nation or with the rebels of the
South at the present time. Wo think it of much
more importance to inquire what a man is now
doing, and what has been his conduct since the
rebellion was put down, than what he did belore
the rebellion. If ho was originally a loyal man
and opposed to secession, but afterward went
int o the rebellion, or took part with the rebels,
if lie seeks now to prevent a state of good order
and restoration in his State, we consider that
he is not a fit subject for amnesty.
Mr. ELDRIDG-E. I woulfl like to ask the
gentleman a question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Very well.
Mr. ELIJR1DGE. I desire to inquire of
the gentleman whether in the list of names as
this bill passed the House there were the names
of any persons concerning whom the gentle-
man had any information which led him to
believe they were not going to act with the
Republican party?
Mr. FARNSWORTII. If the gentleman
asked me if there were in that bill more than
twenty persons about Whom I had got inform-
ation they were going to vote with the Repub-
lican party, I could not answer that question.
I do not now remember but of two of whom I
was informed they were acting with the Con-
servative party. Of all who are here in the
bill I only know of two who are going to vote
with the Republican party. Their names are
quite prominent, one has been elected to Con-
gress from North Carolina, Mr. Boyden. One
of them is ajudge, or he holdssome other office,
whom I was told or the committee was told
belonged to the Conservative party. How
many are going with the Conservative party
and how many with the Republican party I do
not know. V\'e were informed by the com-
mittee from North Carolina that_ they were
persons-from whom political disability should
be removed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman from Illinois whether in his action he
has not been governed by the assurances from
these men that all the persons whose disability
he seeks to remove are in good faith going to
vote with the Republican party? Is not that
the principle upon which he has acted?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman's
question is unnecessary. I have said that is
not the question.
Mr. BECK. I wish to ask the gentleman a
question. Is it not a fact that, the names of
Mr. Houston and Mr. Jones were presented by
and voted for by prominent Republican Sena-
tors. I ask him whether they were not unan-
imously voted for by every Republican Senator
present?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not know, as
1 have not examined the Globe.
Mr. BECK. That is true.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I know that every
Senator, except one from Kansas and one
from West Virginia,voted to adopt this report.
That I first saw in the Globe.
Now, sir, I wish to say, in reference to re-
lieving from disability these men, that while I
do not ask whether a man belongs to the Re-
publican party I do stop to inquire whether
the man is disposed to support the voice of
the Union people, those who suppressed the
rebellion, as expressed through Congress. If
lie is not disposed to act in accord with the
Union men ill supporting those laws I am
indisposed to relieve him from political dis-
ability.
Sir, those rebels stand in the relation, I was
going to say, as outlaws. These rebels are not
entitled to any rights here. They could not
come and demand anything of the Union
pcoplewho put down the rebellion. The voice
of tho Union people has been organized into
law, and these men must submit to that voice
before they can ask me to vote to relieve them
from disability. When I find such men as these
acting in hostility to tho Union people of their
State and of the United States, and trying all
they can to prevent reconstruction and peace
and good order in the South, I will not relieve
them. 1 will relieve n rebel who fought us
gallantly, who was an original secessionist and
went into the rebel army, but who gave up and
surrendered in good faith and who now puts
his shoulder to the wheel to support the Gov-
ernment. I will relieve such men sooner than
one of those men who stood by the Union to
the last hour and then went overto the rebellion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to see whether we
understand the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I yield now to the
gentlemen from Tennessee.
Mr. STOKES. Mr. Speaker, inasmuch as
tho Representatives from the State of Tennes-
see have been referred to in this discussion, it
is due to the House and to ourselves that I
should make a brief statement of the connec-
tion we have had with this subject. A few
days ago I received information from the other
end of this Capitol that George W. Jones, of
Tennessee, and George S. Houston, of Ala-
bama, were put into this bill in order to relieve
them of political disabilities. I was reqaested,
with two of my colleagues, to answer an inquiry
as to how those gentlemen stood, how they had
acted heretofore, and what was their position
to-day. We wrote a joint note and returned
it. We stated that George W. Jones was a
rebel, that he went into the rebellion and was
connected with it, and that if he had ever
repented we did not know it. I now say to
this House that I do not know it now. Mr.
Jones has not said one word, written one line,
or done one act to my knowledge toward the
reorganization of the State government. Be-
sides. ttiere was no - - 1 ,
to part that I ever heard of for the remo val
of his disabflity. No member from I emiessee
on this floor ever heard the expression ot a
desire on his part to be relieved. 1 unf
stand that some Senator moved to insert his
name into the bill without any petition on his
behalf or any knowledge that he desired ta bo
relieved. I stated to the members ot the
committee of this House that I did not know
whether he desired it or not. I father stated
to them that he bad not changed to my knowl-
edNow, sir, I have no personal feeling toward
Mr. Jones whatever. If he had come here, it
he had sent a petition to me or to any member
of this House, or of the Senate, jointly with a
respectable list of true Union men, asking to
be relieved of his disability, I would have
thrown no obstacle in his way whatever. Uut
until he has asked for relief why should we
volunteer to grant it? He lives not m my dis-
trict, but in that of my colleague, [Mr. ffloi-
I.INS,] and if he resided there and desired to
return to this House I should have no fear at
all of his interfering with me. I believe we
ought to relieve men when they desire it, but
not until they express that desire. I for one
am not willing to relieve them until they bring
forth fruits meet for repentance, and are
recommended by their loyal neighbors, who
are presumed to know what they have been
engaged in, and what course they have pursued
since they abandoned the lost cause.
But a few days ago, in a convention held at
Nashville, a distinguished member, General
Forrest, in a speech, which I find reported in
the newspapers, declared that he fought in the
rebel cause four years, and believed he did
right then and believed it now, and he had no
compromise to make. That man is a delegate
to the Democratic convention at New York on
the coming4th of July. When I am asked to
relieve those men wh® declare that they have
no retraction to make, no compromise to offer,
who still claim that they did right, who still
adhere to their former principles, I for one
am not willing to relieve them. I presented
the name of a gentleman for relief who was
a rebel soldier and had it referred to the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction yesterday. I did it
because there was a number of men, true and
loyal men, in his county-who desired his dis-
ability removed and ho himself also desired
it. Upon their recommendation I put upon
the petition as strong an indorsement as I
could, urging the committee to report in his
favor.
Mr. MUNGEN. Will the gentleman answer
me this question. Will he vote to give relief
to Mr. Jones were he to vote the Democratic
ticket?
Mr. STOKES. I answer that I care not
how a man votes. I do not think he ought to
vot? that ticket nor any other other patriot.
Mr. MUNGEN. That is a mere matter of
opinion.
Mr. STOKES. Certainly it is. Now, as I
have said all I desire to say, I yield the floor.
Mr. MULLlNS. Will the gentleman from
Illinois yield to me ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I yield five minutes
to the gentleman.
Mr. MULLINS. Probably that will be long
enough; _ it is a short time nevertheless. I am
unacquainted with the names of the parties
that are presented here for pardon or for relief
for the part they took in that "little unpleas-
antness " that was gotten up in the southern
States, which I believe at the start -was an
original organization coming out from the
Demoeraticparty, and was neverto be regarded
as anything more or less than an overgrown,
huge, Democratic secession mob, (laughter.)
alone founded upon a desire for public plunder,
or at least prompted by that together with
another view that underlay it or was the great
substratum upon which the foundation rested,
to perpetuate the rule of the lords of the lash
m the southern confederacy, in which the
Democratic party co-uld reiga as lords and
