THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 22,
Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a tliird reading, read the third
time, and passed.
message from the house.
A message from the House, by Mr. McPher-
bon. its Clerk,* announced that the House had
passed the following bills of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 252) to create an additional
land district in the State of Minnesota ;
A bill (S. No. 28G) to incorporate the Na-
tional Life Insurance Company of the United
States of America;
A bill (S. No. 357) to provide a temporary
government for theTerritory of Wyoming; and
A bill (S. No. 492) to extend the time for
the construction of the Southern Pacific rail-
road in the State of California.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 481) to confirm the
title to certain lands in the State of Nebraska,
with an amendment, in which it requested the
'concurrence of the Senate.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. McDONALD. I ask leave to call up
the resolution I offered a few days since with
regard to the pay of pages and messengers.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object. I am sorry to
object to a request of my friend, but there is
a resolution now pending, and 1 should like to
have it disposed of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, the resolution named by the Sen-
ator Horn Arkansas cannot be considered. The
resolution fixing the day of adjournment is
before the Senate, the pending question b«ing
on the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Conxess] to the amendment offered
by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.]
Mr. CONNESS. For the purpose of expe-
diting business and letting this resolution go
to the other House, where they will probably
materially change it, I withdraw the amend-
ment that I offered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment to the amendment being withdrawn, the
question is on the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio, to strike out "Wednesday, the
15th," and to insert " Friday, the 2-lth so
lhat the resolution will read:
Resolved hythe llouneof lltprfujpnlaiivrs, (thoRrnatc
concurring,) That the President pro tempore ot the
Senate and the Speaker of tlie llnuse of Kepresont-
atives, adjourn their respective Houses without day
on ITriday, the 2-ith of July next, at noon.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the reso-
lution by striking out all after the word " Re-
solved," and inserting:
That the Prcsidentof the Sonato and the Speaker
oftheHouse of Representatives onMonday, the 27th
of July, at twelve o'clock meridian adjourn their
respective Houses until the fourth Monday of Sep-
tember, and on that day, unless it be then otherwise
ordered by the two Houses, they further adjourn
their respective Houses until the first Monday of
December, 1868.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first
question will be on the amendment offered by
the Senator from Ohio to the original resolu-
tion.
Mr. SUMNER. I move to amend that
amendment by inserting " Monday, the 27th,"
instead of " Friday, the 24th."
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on that amendment to the amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. I will remark that 1 do
not think that even that amendment would
make the resolution such as I should be will-
ing to vote for now. I have an amendment
■which is not unlike that of my colleague, which
I propose to offer. I think that we cannot
adjourn permanently ; we can only take a re-
cess ; and 1 propose in the amendment which
I now have in my hand, that we adjourn on
Monday at twelve o'clock to the second Wed-
nesday of September, at noon. But my amend-
ment is not in order at this time.
Mr. POMEROY. There are two proposi-
tions distinctly before the Senate. One is to
adjourn, and the other is to take a recess.
Mr. SUilNIiR. But we cannot get at the
question ot a recess until we dispose of the in-
termediate question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The present
question is on the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts. [Mr. Summer,] to adjourn
on Monday, the 27th.
Mr. SUMNER. That is to amend the pend-
ing proposition by substituting Monday instead
of Friday. If we are to adjourn I prefer Mon-
day rather than Friday.
Mr. POMEROY. If we are to adjourn it
makes no difference whether we adjourn on
Friday or Monday ; but the question is whether
we shall adjourn at all; and by voting down
any gi\en day, we are to vole then, if the Sen-
ate is of that opinion, for a recess.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 shall vote for a recess,
and wish to get at that question.
Mr. POMEROY. If it is the sentiment of
the Senate that we are to have a recess, then
let us vote down all propositions of adjourn-
ment ; it makes no difference what day.
Mr. WILSON. In the present condition of
the country I hope we shall do precisely what
wo did last March a year ago—fix a day on
which Congress can come together if the needs
of the country require it: if they do not we
can stay at home, and the two Presiding Offi-
cers can adjourn the two Houses of Congress.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That question is not be-
fore the Senate now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion before the Senate is on the amendment
offered by the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. SuMN'Kit] to the amendment offered by
the Senator l'rom Ohio, [Mr. Siiurmax,] sub-
stituting " Monday, the 27th " instead of " Fri-
day, the 24th."
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. 110 WE. 1 shall vote against this amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts, be-
cause if you are going to adjourn these two
Houses, either on Friday or Monday, 1 see no
reason why we cannot adjourn just as well on
Friday as Monday. 1 know of no reason lhat
should keep us here from Friday until Mon-
day. For this reason I shall vote against this
amendment.
I shall vote for the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] if that
motion comes before the Senate. I do not
believe we ought to adjomn these two Houses
either on Friday or Monday. I do not believe
we ought to adjourn these two Houses until
the bill which passed here two nights ago shall
have become a law, and I do not believe we
ought to adjourn the two Houses until one
other proposition has been enacted into a law
which is now lying on my table which I pro-
pose to offer if I get an opportunity.
Mr. ANTHONY and Mr. SUMNER. What
is that?
Mr. HOWE. It is a bill entitled "A bill in
addition to the several acts providing for sup-
pressing insurrections against the governments
of the States." Your Constitution directs
Congress to make such provisions, and the
only provision which Congress has hitherto
made has been in the enactment of a law which
authorizes the President to call out the militia
or to employ the Army and Navy in case of an
insurrection against the government of a State,
and when he is called upon either by the Gov-
ernor or the Legislature; and perforce of those
very laws you bave constituted the President
the judge of who is the Governor of a State,
and who is the Legislature, and he has told
you over and over again in the most solemn
manner that he regards certain men to be Ex-
ecutives and certain bodies to be Legislatures
whom your laws practically condemn and
ignore.
Now, I do not know whether there is to be
an insurrection down there in these States or
not; 1 hope there is to be none ; but we have
been admonished from various quarters, and
in the most solemn manner that such insurrec-
tions are imminent. One of the candidates
for one of the first offices in the gift of the
American people lias told us over his signature
that he regards it to be the duty of the day to
depose the Governors and governments of those
States which have beenestablished under your
laws, to uproot them entirely. With such a
notification before us that such a work is con-
templated or is desired, and with this notifica-
tion from the President that he does not
regard those governments as valid, but, that he
regards other organizations as being (he vaiid
governments, for us to adjourn with a law on
our statute-book vesting this discretion wiih
the President does not seem to me to he pru-
dent. I hope, therefore, that these two Hmists
•will not adjourn until some new provision is
enacted; and then I hope, acting upon the
suggestion of the Senator from Massachusetts,
they will not adjourn until December, but ^ill
adjourn until some day prior to that.
Mr. SHERMAN. So far as the particular
day of adjournment is concerned I have no
more feeljng or interest than any other Senator.
I know that since [ have been in Congress the
business has never been so completely ready
for an adjournment forty-eight hours before
the adjournment as it is to-day. Every appro-
priation bill has been passed, as 1 am informed
by the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations. There are bills always pending in
Congress, and there always will be; there are
many bills that Senators have an interest in;
and if we were to sit until we passed all the
bills that Senators think are highly important
to the public service we should never adjourn
at all. I confess itis rather a cool proposition,
with the thermometer at ninety-four, to ask us
to stay here to pass a bill that has never been
proposed until now ; that has never been dis-
cussed ; that bus not yet been referred to a
committee. I say it is a cool proposition to
ask us to stay here until such a measure can
be passed through both Houses, and then wait
ten days more lor a veto.
I know of no bill now among those which
are indispensably necessary to carry on the oper-
ations of the Government that has not been
signed by the President except the tax bill,
which, 1 am told, is upon the President's
table, and will probably be signed or disposed
of in some way to-day. There is nothing to
keep us here, so far as public measures of vital
importance are concerned ; we Could adjourn
to-day, but the House of Representatives are
tied up by a rule which prevents them from
acting on many measures unless the day of
adjournment is fixed. According to their rules,
within ten days before the final adjournment
the rules can be suspended, so that the control
of the business is within the power of a. major-
ity. Heretofore, before the last year or two,
we have always fixed the day of adjournment
a month ahead, and that gave the House their
full ten days, during which a inajorny of the
House could control its business ; might go to
the Speaker's table; might take up any bill;
might lay aside any bill; but now that cannot
be done even by a vote of two thirds, and there-
fore the very bills that Senators desire them to
act upon cannot now be reached. That we can
adjourn on Friday, and transact all the busi-
ness that is necessary to be done, I have not a
doubt; but if Senators want to stay here until
Monday, in order to pass a multitude of bills
which they feel an interest in, perhaps of a
private character, or perhaps public bills which
they think are very important, well and good.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 would suggest to my
friend that lie forgets the executive business.
I here is business pending in executi ve session.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe we can dispose
oi all the business in executive session in four
or five hours ; but I do not know that. There
is one public bill that I desire ten or fifteen
minutes'time upon, the funding bill, which the
other House 1ms sent back with amendments,
i uo not know that it will take any timebeyond
what is required for a simple statement of the
question. With that exception I do not know
Ot any general public bills of au important
character upon which there is any action ot'
cither House required. We could stay here
for a month or two 5 but it seems to me we
ought to adjouru.
As to the proposition for a recess', I have no
