1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. R. No.
132) authorizing the Secretary of War to fur-
nish supplies to an exploring expedition, re-"
ported it with an amendment.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of H. D.
McKinney, reported a bill (S. No. 476) for
the relief of H. D. McKinney ; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Charles C. O'Neill,
reported a bill (S. No. 477) for the relief of
Charles C. O'Neill; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 251) for the re-
lief of Charles N. Goulding, late quartermas-
ter of volunteers, reported it with an amend-
ment.
moses f. siiinn.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to take up Senate bill
No. 407.
The PRESIDENT jwo tempore. It requires
the unanimous consent of the Senate to take
up the bill at this time.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No.
407) to confirm an entry of land by Moses P.
Shinn was read the second lime and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to confirm the entry, by Moses P. Shinn,
of the northeast quarter of section sixteen, in
township fifteen, north of range thirteen east,
in the district of lands subject to sale at Omaha,
Nebraska, made on the 22d of August, 1860,
by cash certificate No. 1931.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
filing of railroad reports.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the Senate to take
up Senate bill No. 450, relative to filing re-
ports of railroad companies. It will lead to
no debate, and the bill is very necessary to be
passed.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 450)
relative to filing reports of railroad companies^
was read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It provides that the
reports required to be made to the Secretary
of the Treasury on or before the 1st of July
of each year, by the corporations created by
or entitled to subsidies under theprovisions of
an act entitled "An act to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from the
Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, and to se-
cure'to the Government the use of the same
for postal, military, and other purposes," ap-
proved July 1, 1862, and the acts supplemental
to and amendatory thereof, shall hereafter be
made to the Secretary of the Interior, on or
before the 1st of October of each year. The
reports are to furnish full and specific informa-
tion upon the several points mentioned in the
twentieth section of the act of 1802, and are
to be verified as therein prescribed, and on
failure to make them as herein required the
issue of bonds or patents to the company in
default is to be suspended until the require-
ments of this act shall be complied with by
such company, and the reports hitherto made
to the Secretary of the Treasury under the act
of July 1, 1862, ax-e to be transferred and de-
livered byhim to the Secretaryof the Interior,
to be filed by him.
The corporations created by the provisions
of the acts of Congress, approved July 2, 1864,
and July 27, 1860, and known as the Northern
Pacific Railroad Company, the Atlantic and
^Pacific Railroad Company, and the Southern
Pacific Railroad Company, are to make reports
to the Secretary of the Interior on or - before
the 1st of October of each year, as are thus
required to be made by the Union Pacific rail-
road and branches, and on failure so' to do are
to be subject to the like suspension.
• The reports required from the commis-
sioners appointed to examine and report in
relation to the road of any of the corporations
whereto reference is made in this act, are to be
addressed to and filed in the Department of
the Interior.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to amend the bill
in section three, line five, by inserting after the
words "Department of the Interior" the
words "and all such reports heretofore made
shall be transferred to and filed in said Depart-
ment of the Interior."'
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to inquire
of the honorable chairman of the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad, as this bill relates to
filing certain reports or something of that sort,
whether we are going to get into the same
scrape that we did with regard to the other
matter that is now under debate, whether we
are going to complicate ourselves with other
companies, and lay the foundation of a claim
of two or three millions on the Government,
because we have broken faith, &c.?
Mr. HOWARD. If the honorable Senator
would read the bill he would see at once that
no such danger is to be incurred.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not know. I did
not understand it at all.
Mr. HOWARD. Allow me to say a word.
This bill simply requires the reports that are to
be filed by these railroad companies to be filed
in the office of the Secretary of the Interior
instead of being filed as they now are, some
of them, in the office of the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Itdoes not extend the
time, or give any new privileges, or anything
of that sort?
Mr. HOWARD. Notin the slightest degree.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If no danger of that
sort is incurred I have nothing to say about it.
Mr. HOWARD. I am very much obliged to
the Senator for his exceeding care on the
subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I really did not know
what the effect of it was.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr! CONKLING. I should like to ask the
Senator from Michigan one question, if he will
allow me. What is the point of the amend-
ment dispensing with filing reports with the
Secretary of the Treasury? There is no doubt
some object in it. Will the Senator be kind
enough to state it?
Mr. HOWARD. The object of the bill is
simply this: to require all the reports from the
various railroad companies which are receiving
subsidies, either in land or bonds, from the
United States to be filed in the Department of
the Interior, for the sake of uniformity and con-
venience. That is all. Some of them are now
filed with the Secretary of the Treasury, and
some with the Secretary of the Interior, thus
producing confusion.
Mr. CONKLING. The whole object, then,
is to make them of record all in one place?
Mr. HOWARD. All in one place. That is
the solo object of the bill.
The bill was ordered to bo engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
district jail.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 307, reported from the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think I shall object
this time. My friend has had one bill consid-
ered this morning, and I am very anxious to
take up one myself.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will it take long ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think not; but it is
one that it is very important to pass.
Mr. HENDRICKS. _ The bill that I have
moved to take up, I will say to the Senator,
has been taken up once.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection,
only as to time. I think my friend has had his
share this morning. I do not like to object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. One objec-
tion carries it over. '
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will not object; bat
I ask him to give way to me.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I yield to the Senator.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a bill on the
table,which was reported some time ago from the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
with reference to the new jail for the District.
It is a House bill, and has been reported back
to the Senate with some amendments. I think
it will take no time, and it is important to pass
it, from the fact that it is getting late in the
season, and if the work is to be begun this
year the bill ought to be passed verv soon. I
move to take up that bill. It is House bill
No. 784, to amend an act entitled "An act
authorizing the construction of a jail in and
for the District of Columbia," approved July
25, 1866.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can only
be taken up at this time by unanimous consent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. So I understand.
Mr. CHANDLER. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the motion cannot be entertained.
one terji for president.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by nnanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 133) proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask that the amendment
proposed be read for information.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
No person elected President or Vice President who
has once served as President shall afterward be eli-
gible to either office.
Mr. SUMNER. I move the reference of
the joint resolution to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
printing of a report.
Mr. MORGAN submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Iteaolved, That the report of tho Secretary of the
Treasury, communicating, in compliance with areso-
lution of the Senate of tho 3d of February last,
information in relation to existing laws regulating
tho carriage of passengers in steamships and other
vessels, bo printed.
enrolled bill signed.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
enrolled bill (II. R. No. 881) refunding duties
paid under protest on the importation from
Prance of a bell donated for the use of Saint
Mary's Institute and Notre Dame University,
Indiana; and it was thereupon signed by the
President pro tempore of the Senate.
qualification's of jurors.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
464, in regard to the selection of jurors in Uni-
ted States courts. I called it up last evening.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. Itrequires
unanimous consent to consider the bill at this
time. Is there any objection?
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member
from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] wishes to be
here when that bill is taken up ; and I do not
see him in liis scat.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He was here a moment
ago.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to taking up the bill?
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 have none.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is the bill?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a bill reported
from the Judiciary Committee in regard to the
qualification of jurors. I hope it will be taken
up. The Senator from Indiana will probably
be in in a moment.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 464) in relation to the qualifica-
tions of jurors. It provides that no person shall
be held incompetent to actas a, juror upon any
grand jury by reason of having formed or ex-
pressed an opinion upon the matters to be sub-
/
