1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
feeling about that. I stand precisely on that
question now as I did before. I believe these
suddenly called sessions rarely do any good.
If the House of Representatives, who are the
direct Representatives of the people, deem the
•state of public affairs in this country so immi-
nent as to provide for the exceptional case of
the recess, 1 am willing to agree to it, and
come back here in September or October ;
but I do not think there is any occasion lor it,
nor shall 1 probably vote lor it unless the
opinion of the House is very decided, and it
it were I should yield to them upon that point.
i do not think the Senate ought to proviue
for such a contingency unless there is strong
reason given for it. 1 know now of no reason
of a public character which should compel us
to come back here in September. 1 know of
no power that the President can exercise to
interfere with the laws that will dema,nd our
coming back. If other Senators have fears on
that subject, which I have not, or if the House
of Representatives insist as a precaution that
we should come back in September, let them
demand it, and I shall be willing to yield. It
will be putting us to a great deal of incon-
venience, interrupting us in the campaign ihat
is now more vitally important than the action
of Congress. The action of the people this
fall in passing judgment upon the candidates
and platforms that are submitted to them is
vitally important,, transcendency more import-
ant than the action of Congress upon the mul-
titude of hills that now lie upon our table. My
own sense of duty would be best discharged by
going home and sharing with the people in the
great trial that they are to participate in this
fall, and leave until the n-ext. session the clos-
ing of the business of the Fortieth Congress.
Mr. 110 WE. The Senator from Ohio re-
gards it as rather a cool proposition to ask the
Congiess of the United Slates to remain here
to enact a law winch has not yet, he says, been
proposed, has not)et been discussed at all. 1
do not think any proposition oughtto be regarded
as cool made in these days, and i pariicularly
dissent, from his characterizing this as a coul
proposition; and for this leason I have not
otl'eied that bill to the Senate up to the pres-
ent time; I never drew it until this morning,
and 1 never was thoroughly persuaded of the
necessity of any legislation upon this subject
until yestetday. 1 had seen this letter from
one of the candidates for Vice President be-
fore ; I had taken notice of the fact that the
President of the United States professed to
regard those organizations which he had con-
structed down (here in the rebel btates its the
valid and legal governments of those States,
but, 1 supposed that that was a theory with him
"which he proposed to discuss rather than to
act upon ; ami therefore 1 did not think it of
vital importance that there should be any spe-
cific legislative direction to him or to the
country in reference to that matter. Bat yes-
terday when this question of adjournment was
under discission the Senator from Indiana
[Mr. HexdmcksJ took occasion to say—and
every one who knows him knows he is very
careful not to say any more than he means—
that he should tavor the earliest possible ad-
journment, and as I understood him assigned
as a leading reason why he favored an early
day of adjournment that it would aid in de-
feating a bill which had passed the Senate but
the night before, which lie characterized as a
vi ry bad measure and as a very dangerous one,
as a measure threatening bloodshed aud civil
war.
Now, what was that measure which the cau-
tious Senator from Indiana tells us cannot be
enacted into a lavv without imminent danger of
involving the country in bloodshed and in civil
strife? It was simply a proposition to distri-
bute certain irms to the militia of the several
States. 1 know of a great many politicians
who could tell me that that would lead to
bloodshed, and 1 should not regard it at all;
but when a Senator so cautious aud so prudent
as the Senator from Indiana is known to be,
and whose voice is so potential in the United
States as liis is known to be, tells us that we
cannot put arms into the hands of the militia
of the several States without involving the
country in civil war, I think it is time for the
country, for the Senate at least, to stop and
ask the reason why. The Senator knows as
the Senate knows that it has been the usage of
the States from the foundation of the Govern-
ment to cherish a militia organization. The
Senator knows, for he is a lawyer and has
read the Constitution, that that Constitution
declares such an organization to be essential
to the liberty of the States; and theSenalor
knows, for he has read the Constitution, that
that instrument imposes upon Congress the
obligation to provide for organizing and arm-
ing and disciplining the militia of the States ;
and he knows, therefore, that this measure
which he denounced in such emphatic terms
yesterday is but an ordinary measure repeat-
edly adopted by Congress in the exercise of
this plain constitutional charge of legislative
duty; and yet now, with the Constitution
before him, he tells us we must not proceed to
discharge that duty, and why? Because he
tells us that an exciting election is at hand.
Why, Mr. President, we have had a great
many elections, general elections, presidential
elections, since this constitution was enacted.
Did it ever happen before that an American
Senate was told that they could not put arms
into the hands of the militia of the States be-
cause a presidential election was pending? Is
there more exciteinentaboutthis election than
there has been about many ethers which have
preceded it? If so, I have not seen the evi-
dence of it, and I certainly do not feel the
evidences of it. I have seen many elections
which interested me more deeply, or at least
excited rae more than the present one has up
to this moment.
Mr. President, the Senator told us that it
would not do to put these arms into the hands
oi the militia, because an election was pending,
lie went so far as to protest against putting
arms into the hands of the militia of that great
State which he himself represents here in part.
He told us that Indiana did not require these
aims, aud he argued that it was unsafe to put
these arms into the hands of the government
of Indiana, and one of the reasons was because
the Governor of Indiana was a candidate for
reelection. Has it come to this, sir, that the
militia of a State can be disarmed and be dis-
banded whenever the Governor happens to be
a candidate for reelection? Does the honor-
able Senator from Indiana mean to be under-
stood that the election is so exciting in Indiana
that the government of that State is like y to
be shaken by it? I hope he did not mean to
tell the country so. I hope he did not mean
to tell the State of Indiana so. I do not know
personally the gentleman who happens to be
Governor of Indiana. I suppose he was
elected by the people of that State, and 1 sup-
pose him to be, I feel bound to assume that he
is, a gentleman of that high character who can
be intrusted with the discharge of executive
duties even pending an election in which he
may be a candidate.
Mr. President, these arms are to go to the
governments of the several btates, to all the
States alike. The Senator asked, ,vith a good
deal of emphasis yestetday, why, if we did not
mean them to be used in influencing elections',
we did not assent to the proposition of tiie
Senator from Maryland and postpone the dis-
tribution of them until the 1st of January lie.
1 should have supposed the Senator himself
could have conceived the answer to that. _ lo
have done so would have been to admif either
the purpose or the possibility cl these arms
being used, of that, militia being emplojed to
influence and control these elections. It would
have been to admi' here on this floor that the
character of the governments existing within
the several States was of that dubious and un-
certain character which called upon the Legis-
lature of the United States to distrust them so
far as to withhold the usual complement of
arms until after this election has passed over.
For one I could not afford to vote for an
amendment which would impute such criminal
motives to the government of any one of the
States within this Union ; and tbat was the
reason why I voted against that proposition to
amend.
But, sir, it was not my purpose-to argue the
measure which was under discussion here two
nights ago; it was only my purpose to call
attention to the character of it, to show- how
simple a thing it is in itself, and to call atten-
tion to the fact that the Senator lrdm Indiana
warns us that that measure, a measure so simple
as that cannot he ventured upon at this time
without danger of involving the country in civil
strife and in bloodshed. Sir, these arms, as I
have said, are to be put into the hands of the
governments of States, and they will not be
used by those governments unless those gov-
ernments are assaulted. And if those govern-
ments are assaulted, then it is the purpose of
arming the militia that they should have the
means of defending the authority of their own
States. It was for that purpose that your Con-
stitution declared that Congress should provide
for arming the militia of the several States.
Now, sir, I must insist that I had a right
yesterday to take new alarm upon this sub-
ject: and it was in view and because of the
declarations made yesterday following up those
which I had understood to eoine from other
quarters not more respectable at other times,
that I saw fit to prepare the bill which is now
on my table. Now, the Senator from Ohio
says it is a cool proposition to ask Congress to
wait and pass that measure now. It is never
too late to ask for the enactment of a neces-
sary law. If this is necessary to the protec-
tion and security of the country, then it is the
duty of Congress to wait here and put it into
a law if they can. If it is not necessary, then
1 admit that Congress ought not to remain
here a day for the purpose of passing it-. The
Senator irom Ohio has not undertaken to deny
the necessity of the measure ; lie has not iuti-
mated a doubt that the discretion which I
spoke of is by your existing lavv vested in the
President. He does not profess any doubt but
what the President will act upon his view so
often declared in reference to these govern-
ments; and unless he feels some assurance
which he has not yet expressed or knows some
fact which is not known to me which should
secure the confidence of the country, I hope
he will not insist that these two Houses shall
adjourn until some action shall be taken upon
the proposition to which I have referred.
Mr. HKND1UCKS. Mr. President, I do
not intend to extend this debate, and I shall
ask the attention of the Senate but for a few
minutes. Upon the bill to which I referred
yesterday I expressed my opinions decidedly,
and 1 have seen no reason to change tlie views
1 then expressed. The Senator from Ohio
felt himself authorized to say that I had spoken
out of time and out of place. The Senate is
the proper place for me to express my views
upon any important measure here presented,
whether I think its tendency is to pjomote the
public welfare, or whether, in ray judgment, it
is dangerous to the public peace. As to the
time when 1 shall address the Senate, I must
! bee permission of the Senator from Ohio to
I: judge of that for myself. I did not introduce
SI this subject into the Senate. The Senator from
I' Kansas, [Mr. Pomehoy,] the Senator from
■ Michigan, [Mr. Howard, j aud, I believe, the
jl Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Drake,all
ii alluded to the bill which had passed the night
!i before, and spoke of it as being of such great
', importance to the country tiiut no adjourn-
, tnent ought to take place until it had become
j a law. 'This introduced into the body that
' bill tor discussion and consideration, lbe
I Senator from Ohio, perhaps, by virtue of w
; position with the majority, may have the right
I to sav that the introduction of that subject^ j
those three Senators was out of time and o
; of place; thev may recognize his authority
j; thus to critic^ their conduct; but for myself
Si I dispute his right to say that it was out of
