3300
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
order to be fully understood. When the
House passed this bill full of usuries uncounted
we were undertaking to do a retailing business
ill the way ol amnesty. The only difference
between us on this side of the House and t.hc
Republican party is that we would pardon by
wholesale, while the other'side of the House
would pardon altogether by retail. This bill
as it passed the House with its hundreds of
names, was our peculiar budget in that line of
business. The Senate, not to be outdone by
vis, adde'd on a whole host of names ; I have
nob counted them, but the correspondent of
the New York Tribune, who seems to have
had time to count them, says there were twelve
hundred of them.
■Now, I wish gentlemen on the other side to
understand what they are doing. I am for
both wholesale and retail amnesty. So far as
I can speak for the Democratic party, we
intend to enter into both branches of the busi-
ness, wholesale and retail. I intend to swal-
low the whole of these bills without reading
them.
Among these names which the Senate have
added on are some of the very worst red-
handed rebels of the South; red-handed rebels
who were engaged in all the business which
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Muluns]
has so eloquently described; slaveholders,
overseers, slave-drivers, whipmasters, scor
pion-drivers, secession devils.
Air. MULLINS. Did I say all that? [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. BROOKS. They are the worst sort of
characters. Yet I am for pardoning them.
And the great point of difference here seems
to be whether or not we shall put on the names
of two others.
Mr. M 1JLL1NS. Is the gentleman in favor
of pardoning unrepentant rebels?
Mr. BROOKS. 1 am for mercy and pardon
to all; I would pardon everybody. Does any
gentleman know among these twelve hundred
names how many repented ? I venture to say
the Keconsti uction Committee has not read
the names. Do you know anything about these
men tor whom you vote?
Mr. MULLINS. Very few of them.
Mr. BROOKS. How do you know they are
repentant?
Mr. MULLINS. I have not yet said that
I would vote Cor or against them.
Mr. BROOKS. Oh, yes ; you will vote fur
them.
Mr. MULLINS. I expect so.
Mr. BROOKS. They will all be voted for.
They will all be put through. The only dis-
tinction the gentleman from Illinois draws is
whether they will support the reconstruction
laws All are rebels with him who oppose the
reconstruction laws, and all are loyal in the
South who will supportthe reconstruction laws.
Loyalty has a new definition every day. At this
day and this hour it is the support of the recon-
struction acts. The definition the gentleman
from Illinois gives of loyally would exclude
six hundred thousand Democratic voters in the
State of New York at this day and this hour;
to become seven hundred thousand, I believe,
in the coming November election. All those
would be excluded, and more than that, hun-
dreds mid thousands of Republicans, who, l&e
the Democrats, are opposed to the reconstruc-
tion laws. Yet this is the definition to be laid
down upon which men aie to be pardoned.
The question is to be, do they or not support
the reconstruction laws? Under that defini-
tion the Executive of the country, elected by
your own party, would not be loyal. Abraham
Lincoln would not be loyal under the gentle-
man's definition of loyalty. Neither would the
majority of the Supreme Court, fof they are
opposed to the reconstruction laws. If Con-
gress had permitted, it is believed, in the Mc-
Cardle ease, they would have declared the
reconstruction laws unconstitutional. Such is
the general beuef. It was so much the belief
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schexck,]
and the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson,]
that thny took insidious action to hurry through
the House a bill to repeal the powers of the
Supreme Court of the United States to prevent
their decision in the McCardle case.
I wish the gentlemen on the other side of
the House would define what constitutes loy-
alty, devise some fixed definition. A short
time ago any man who was not in favor of
impeachment was not a loyal man. Before
that there were other tests of loyalty. They
vary from day to day in such a manner that it
is impossible for southern men to know what
constitutes loyalty. Is it not time, Mr. Speaker,
that this foolery was over? Will not the country
soon be disgraced with the exhibition of such
bills as this in detail, these exhibitions of mere
party pardon, got up for mere party purposes
in the South?
Mr. MAYNTARD. Will not my friend try
his hand to give us a definition of loyalty ?
Mr. BROOKS. Certainly, sir, if my time
is extended.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I will yield to the
gentleman for ten minutes more.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 will tell the gentleman my
definition of loyalty, and I am happy to give
my meaning of loyalty. Loyalty is a French
word. Loyalty, or lealtv, is faithfulness to the
law, That alone constitutes what is loyalty.
All these modern interpositions and interpola-
tions have been the invention of men who had
in view nothing but party purposes. Whoever,
sir, supports the Constitution of the United
States, whoever comes hero swearing to sup-
port. the supreme law of the land, is a loyal
man—loyal to the Constitution, loyal to the
country. Those who create a new definition
of loyalty, who say I am not loyal because 1
do not belong to the Radical or Republican
party, invent a false definition of the word
loyalty.
In our own native tongue, after our Revolu-
tion, there was no such word as loyalty. It
referred alone to those who had been faithful
to the king and queen of Great Britain. Here
it now means, not faithful to king and queen,
but faithful to the party in power. What
constitutes loyalty now is fidelity to party,
not fidelity to the Constitution, the laws; the
country, but fidelity to the administration of
party. Whenever party and country return to
the real meaning of the word loyalty, when it
shall moan only-fidelity to the supreme law of
the land—the Constitution of the United
States—then will we have begun an era happy
and auspicious. Good feeling will then once
more exist in this land.
Mr. LYNCH. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me.
Mr. BROOKS. Certainly.
Mr. LYNCH. I ask the gentleman if every
member of the House and of the Senate from
the southern States who went into the rebellion
had not t:iken that same oath of loyalty to the
Constitution which he now requites?
Mr. BROOKS. I will answer the gentle-
man by saving that if you will give mo a com-
mittee I will venture the assertion that I can
prove that five hundred of the names in these
two bills I now hold before me have taken a
like oath in some manner or form and have
violated that oath ; and yet you propose to
pardon them in a wholesale bill containing over
twelve hundred names.
Mr. LYNCH. I think the fact that that
oath was not sufficient is a good reason why
another should be substituted, the same which
we have taken ourselves and which the gentle-
man and his party have to take.
Mr. BROOKS. Sir, I know not what oaths
you mean to administer now to our party, but
if you will give us the same which yon give to
your own party we are quite willing to accept
it. What I object to here is the selection of
a few particular men because they belong to
your party ; that, yon hove selected them solely
by party. Such is the organization of the
human mind that the most extreme rebels of
the South, the first and foremost secessionist,
will be the first to come here and crouch and
cringe before the Radical party and demand
their pardon, while those who were at iagt
driven into rebellion by the high handed power
of the secessionists who had control of tbe
States, such men as Houston, of Alabama, and
Jones, of Tennessee, will be the last to come
here and claim the exemption which you pro-
pose in this bill.
Sir, I-knew Mr. Jones and ivlr. Houston.
I served with them both in this House amid
more tumultuous scenes of excitement, between
the South and the North than I have seen at a
later period. It was pending the compromise
bills of 1850. Side by side with those men
were the Clays, ■the Vv ebsters, the Causes,
and the Douglasses of the Senate, and other
gallant men. Here on this floor stood Hous-
ton and Jones battling for no secession, but
for the nationality of this Union, resisting to
the very last secession, though fallowing their
States in the act of the secession wrongfully,
I think. And yet now, when the Senate has
inserted in this bill a pardon for these two
gentlemen, we are asked to concur in the report
of the committee by the rejection of those two
gentlemen, because they axe Democrats, while,
out of over twelve hundred, six or seven hun-
dred, so far as we know unrepentant rebels,
are to be pardoned to-day by the two bills
before me. Take them, page, [handing the bill
and amendment to a page,] take them to the
Clerk. 1 go for the whole. 1 am a wholesale
not a retail dealer in all matters of pardon.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. Mr. Speaker, I have
already stated on this floor, and it is, perhaps,
unnecessary to repeat it again, that the con-
ference committee of the House in making
this report have not asked the question whether
a tnan belongs to the Republican or the Dem-
ocratic party. They have made no discrimin-
ation of that sort. Of course there is no
necessity for the pardon of anybody unless he
has done something. George W. Jones and
George S. Houston were members of Congress
when their States seceded. They went out. I
do not think they advised secession, but they
went with their States, and accepted elections
to the confederate congress. As members of
that congress they took an oath to supportthe
confederacy against the Constitution of the
United States. That makes them subject to
these disabilities. They have never asked
Congress to pardon them. They are not, as
we are, "loyal to the law"—adopting the test
of my friend from New Y'ork. And that was
the test I stated that the committee applied to
these men, not whether they are loyal to a
party, but ''loyal to the law." Those men
are not loyal to the laws of Congress, to the
organic voice of the Union men of the United
States; but they say, " Your laws are uncon-
stitutional and void ; you have broken the Con-
stitution." They are in combination with
arrant rebels, who were original rebels. They
are not in accord with the Union men of their
States. They are not recommended by the
Union men for pardon.
Now, if it so happens that we can only find
now and then a Democrat in all of those States
who is a fit subject for pardon, is it the fault
of the Republican party? is it the fault of the
Reconstruction Committee? isit my fault? By
no means. If it so happens that there are but
few in all_ the South now affiliating with the
Democratic party who are fit subjects for this
amnesty, it is not the fault of the Republican
party; it is their own fault. They go to the
party which is nearest to their love, and I sup-
posea fellow feelingmakes gentlemen wondrous
kind. 1 he conference committee, therefore,
struck out those two names, and the Senate
have agreed to the report. We are told by all
the members from Tennessee on this floor that
the conference committee did right in rejecting
the name of Mr. Jones. I, too, knew these
gentlemen here in Cougress ; 1 served with
them; I knew them very well. I have no doubt
they are honest gentlemen as the world goes,
and when they come to us and say, " Pardon
us ; we are sorry we went into the rebel con-
gress ; we accept the situation in good faith :
we will take hold and reconstruct our State
governments upon the principles laid down in
