1254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
of the Treasury, dated in 1866, which bears
precisely on this matter.
Mr. HIGBY. That is what yon ought to
have done before.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department.
Comptbollek's Owrc®, July 12,1866.
Sir: I transmit herewith the information (re-
quested by the letter of the 10th instant) relative to
■ States branch mint at San Francisco,
California,:
liabilities incurred prior to May 1, 1863, but
paid subsequently, amounted to 127,399 75.
2. Ihe salaries of officers and clerks and wages of
workmen comprised about two thirds of the said
liabilities.
3- The appropriation for the fiscal year ending June
SO, 1863, was not overdrawn on the 1st May, 1863.
4. For the calendar year 1862:
The expenditures amounted to .'...$275,556-57
The earnings amounted to  242,937 60
The number of pieces coined were  2,564,923
6. For the fiscal year ending June 30,1863:
The expenditures amounted to 8299,619 95
The earnings amounted to  257,913 34
The number of pieces coined were  2,772,173
6. For the fiscal year ending June 30,1865:
The expenditures amounted to 8550,513 07
The earnings amounted to  239,469 9o
The number of pieces coined were  1,775,116
Very respectfully, &c., . It. W. TAY LOii,
Comptroller.
Hon. Thaddeits Stevens, Chairman Committee on
Appropriations, Box 250, Home of Representatives.
Note.—The above statement shows for the year
1863 nearly twice the work done at about half the
expense and with far greater earnings as compared
with the year 1865 under the new and present super-
intendency.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Now,^ Mr.
Chairman, the gentleman from California is
certainly mistaken if he supposes the com-
mittee has discriminated against the branch
mint at San Francisco. We give them a vast
amount more than we give the Mint at Phila-
delphia in proportion to the amount they coin,
as will be seen by the figures I have read to the
committee. I now hope we will have a vote.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For incidental and contingent expenses, repairs,
aud wastage, in addition to available profits, $50,000:
Provided, That hereafter all the " available profits"
of the United States Mint and branches shall be cov-
ered into the Treasury.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I propose
to amend this paragraph by adding after the
word "Treasury" the words "to be expended
only by a specific appropriation." I will state
to the gentleman from California [Mr. Higby]
that if this amendment shall be adopted I will
ask the committee to go back and correct the
appropriation "for wages of workmen and
adjusters" by increasing it from $100,000 to
$150,000; and also by increasing the appro-
priation ."for incidental and contingent ex-
penses, repairs, and wastage" from $50,000 to
$80,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ I now
move to strike out the words "in addition to
available profits." I will state that there are
certain profits in the operation of the Mint, for
toughening and hardening metals, which are
considered as available profits and which do
not go into the Treasury, but are used by the
superintendent of the Mint. We think that is
a wrong principle; that these profits should
be covered into the Treasury, and should not
be expended except by a specific appropria-
tion. Hence I have offered the amendment
which has just been adopted. I now propose
to take away these available profits; but if
these officers have not these available profits it
is right we should increase the other appropri-
ation from $50,000 to $80,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now ask
unanimous consent lo go back to the preced-
ittg paragraph and increase the appropriation
" for wages of workmen and adjusters from
$100,000 to $150,000.
No objection being made, the amendment
was agreed to. , T
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now
move to increase the appropriation "for inci-
dental and contingent expenses, repairs, and
wastage" from $50,000 to $80,000.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. I would like to
ask the gentleman why it is that in the appro-
priation for the Mint at Philadelphia the phrase-
ology is different from what it is in the appro-
priation for the branch mint at San Francisco?
For the branch mint at San Francisco it reads:
"For incidental and contingent expenses,
$25,000." For Philadelphia it reads: "For
incidental and contingent expenses, repairs,
and wastage, §80,000."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is the
same question the gentleman from California
[Mr. Higby] asked me, and I explained it.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. I have not got
through. I wish to inquire if the intention is
to afford a fund to provide for the disappear-
ance of public moneys in San Francisco which
do not disappear in Philadelphia—if it is in-
tended to cover cases where clerks in San Fran-
cisco have failed to make correct returns and
where money has disappeared from the mint
to the amount of §30,000? Is that what the
contingent expenses are expected to cover?
Such I understand to be the state of affairs at
the San Francisco mint. Only a little more
than a year since $30,000 disappeared with one
of the clerks. He went away but has since
gone back, and all prosecutions have been
dropped. Is this appropriation intended to
cover such cases as that ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I can
answer that it is not.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am di-
rected by the Committee on Appropriations to
offer the following amendment, to come in at
the end of line eleven hundred and twenty-
three, at the close of the appropriations for
the Territories:
Provided, That the several amounts heroin appro-
priated for expenses of the Legislative Assemblies
shall only be expended in payment for biennial ses-
sions alter the 1st day of July next.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading, and
read down to the following paragraph, under
the head of "Justices of the Supreme Court
of the United States:"
For traveling expenses of the judge assigned to
tho tenth circuit for attending session of the Supreme
Court of the United States, $>1,000.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I move to insert
after that clause the following paragraph:
For traveling expenses of the judge assigned to
the ninth circuit for attending sessions of the circuit
court in said circuit, $800.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I must
raise a question of order on that.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
state his point of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is legis-
lation in an appropriation bill.
Tho CHAIRMAN. Tho Chair overrules the
point of order. The amendment is in the
nature of an increase of salary, which has uni-
formly been held to be in order both by the
Speaker of the House and the chairman of the
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. Mr. Chairman, Judge
Miller, the judge assigned to the ninth circuit,
travels about eight thousand miles, and no other
judge, except Judge Field, has to travel more
than two thousand miles. We give Judge Field
$1,000 mileage. I can see no reason why Judge
Miller, who travels six thousand miles more
than any judge on the bench except Judge
Field, should not have this allowance. I send
to the Clerk's desk to be read a statement of
the amount of travel actually performed dur-
ing the year by Judge Miller.
The Clerk read as follows :
The following is the average of travel actually
performed during a year by the judge of the ninth
judicial circuit:
From Keokuk: Miles.
To Washington and return  2,000
To Little Kock and return t  2,000
To St. Paul and return  1,200
To Topeka and return  900
To Omaha and return  800
To St. Louis and return  400
To I)es Moines and return  300
7,600
As there are sometimes two terms' a year at St
Louis and Des Moines, it may be said to average
8,000miles. No other judge except the jud^e assigned
to the tenth circuit travels over 2,000 miles per an-
num.
Mr. MULLINS. I would ask the gentleman
if it is necessary for the judge in making these
trips to go to one place and then go right back
home? Could he not make a circuit of the
different places ?
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. In the way m which
we have to travel in the West it is much more
convenient for him to come back to his home,
and naturally after holding a term of court a
man desires to return to his home. And the
terms of his court are so arranged that they do
not immediately succeed each other.
Mr. MULLINS. It certainly ought to he
made more convenient in that way.
Mr. SPALDING. What is the question be-
fore the committee ?
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
amendment of the gentleman from Iowa to
allow the judge assigned to the ninth circuit
$800 for traveling expenses.
Mr. SPALDING. That will not answer.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to oppose the amendment.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I still have the floor,
but I will yield for a question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will wait
until the gentleman gets through.
Mr. PRUYN. At the proper time I shall
move to allow each of the other judges $500.
Mr. SPALDING. And 1 shall move to
strike out the allowance to the judge from
California. I think it is all wrong.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I hold that if we
give the judge assigned to one circuit $1,000
for expenses of travel, we should for the same
reason give some allowance to another judge
who has a great amount of travel to perform.
Now, as I said before, Judge Miller, who is
assigned to the ninth circuit, travels, in the
performance of his duties in holding the courts
of the circuit, eight thousand miles; and I say
that no other judge upon the bench travels more
than two thousand miles except the judge from
California, and he receives $1,000 mileage.
I ask, as a matter of right and justice, that the
judge of t.he circuit west of the Mississippi
river shall have $800. That is all I ask, and
I think it is but just and right. The salary of
a judge of the Supreme Court is small—only
$6,000 a year—but the office is a high one. A
man with a family can scarcely save anything
at the end of the year, and Judge Miller has
the expense of traveling eight thousand miles
in a new country.
Mr. SPALDING. How many practicing
lawyers make $6,000 a year?
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I have no doubt a
great many practicing lawyers in Iowa save
more at the end of the year than the judge can.
Mr. SPALDING. That may be, but I do
not believe you have five lawyers in Iowa who
make $5,000 a year.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I would like to know
how much the gentleman saves out of his pay
as a Congressman ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
certainly desire to deal liberally and justly with
so able and learned and patriotic a jurist as
Judge Miller, and if we arc to legislate for any
man specially, I would be as willing to legis-
late for him as for any man I know.
Ibis provision "for traveling expenses of
the judge assigned to the tenth circuit"—the
California circuit—is exceptional, but it is. a
matter of law. On account of the long dis-
tance which the judge of that circuit resides
from the seat of Government the law provides
that a portion of his traveling expenses shall
be paid, as he has to travel so much more than
any other judgedoea. That is the law, and that
is the reason why this item is put in this bill.
Now, if we go into this business of giving these
judges compensation for traveling expenses
we should deal justly by them all and pay them
mileage according to the number of miles they
travel. I do not see how it is possible to make
