1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1255
this exceptional amendment in favor of Judee
Miller.
Mr. PRUYN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding to it the following:
For traveling expenses of caeh of the other judges,
$500.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The amendment of Mr. Loughridge was
not agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
The following paragraph was read:
For compensation of the district marshals, £14,^00;
and it is hereby provided that the number of officers,
clerks, and employes employed and paid in the sev-
eral ^Departments, bureaus, and olbces mentioned in
this act shall be limited to the number herein speci-
fied and provided for; and all laws and parts of lawe
by which any other officers, clerks, or employes in
said several Departments, bureaus, and offices arc
created or provided for, beyond such as are in this
act specified, are hereby repealed.
Mr. DAWES. I raise the point of order
that a portion of this paragraph is independent
legislation, and therefore not in order in an
appropriation bill. I refer to the portion which
reads as follows:
And it is hereby provided that the number of offi-
cers, clerks, and employes employed and paid in the
several Departments, bureaus, and officcs mentioned
in this act shall be limited to the numberherein spe-
cified and provided for; and all laws and parts of
laws by which any other officers, clerks, or employes
ia said several Departments, bureaus,and offices are
created or provided for, beyond such as are in this
act specified,-are hereby repealed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I thought
the gentleman was in favor of economy.
Mr. DAWES. I am; 1 always go with the
gentleman as far as I can ; sometimes 1 shut
my eyes and go with him.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then the
gentleman goes right.
Mr. DAWES. But this I consider to be out
of order, as being independent legislation in
an appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Of course
everything that saves expense is out of order,
and everything that makes expense is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order raised by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawks,] on the ground
that the portion of the paragraph to which he
refers is in violation of Rule 120 of the House,
as follows:
" No appropriation shall be reported in such gen-
eral appropriation bills, or be in order as an amend-
ment thereto, lor any expenditure not previously
authorized by law, unless in continuation of appro-
priations for &uch public wotks and objects as are
already in progress, and for the contingencies for
carrying on the several Departments of the Govern-
ment."—Rule 120. [It has been decided that under
this rule it is not in order to propose an amendment
to a general appropriation bill which changes an
existing law.—Journal 1, 38, pages 598, 599.]
Mr. WA'SIIBURNB, of Illinois. I move
that the committee now rise and report this
bill with amendments to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Wilson,
of Iowa, reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, accord-
ing to order, had the special order under con-
sideration, being House bill No. 605, making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
aud judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 18G9, and
that he had been directed to report the same
back to the House with sundry amendments
thereto.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, reported
that the Committee on Enrolled Bills had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled a bill (H. R.
No. 510) to facilitate the collection of the di-
rect tax in the State of Delaware; when the
Speaker signed the same.
creek indian refugees.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting estimate
of appropriation for the removal ot the Creek
Indian refugees to their old home in the Creek
country; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The House resumed the consideration of the
legislative, executive, and judicial appropria-
tion bill.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon con-
curring in the amendments reported from the
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I propose
to move some additional amendments to this
bill, and then to call the previous question on
the bill and amendments.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope the gentleman
will allow us the poor privilege of having a
separate vote upon that part of the amend-
ments limiting the jurisdiction of the Court of
Claims. Several gentlemen here desire to have
a separate vote on that, and I hope the gentle-
man from Illinois will not object to it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will
object to nothing to which the gentleman has
aright. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. That is a separate amend-
ment, and any member has a right to call for
a separate vote upon it.
Mr. SPALDING-. I have received from the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Washburne] all
that I had a right to expect from him.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
the following as an additional section:
Sue. 2. And be it further enacted, That the num-
ber of clerks, officers'clerks, and employes employed
and paid in and about the Capitol and the several
Department?, bureaus, and offices mentioned in this
act, and the salaries arid emoluments paid to them,
or each of them, shall be limited to the numbers and
to t'he amounts herein specified and provided; and
all laws and partsoflaws by which any other officer?,
clerks, or employes employed in and about the Capi-
tol and the said several Departments, bureaus, and
offices are created or provided lor, or salaries beyond
such as are in this act specified, are hereby tepealed.
Mr. DAWES. I raise the same point of
order in regard to this amendment that I raised
in Committee of the Whole in regard to a por-
tion of the last paragraph of this bill; that it
is independent legislation, and therefore not in
order in an appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair -will state-that
the amendment in two different parts clearly
proposes independent legislation. The provis-
ion that " all laws and parts of laws by which
any other officers, clerks, or employes in said
several Departments, bureaus, and offices are
created or provided for beyond such as are in
this act specified are hereby repealed" is the
very highest character of independent legisla-
tion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The first
part of the amendment is certainly in order.
The only question that can arise is on the last
part.
Mr. ELIOT. I think the point of order
made by my colleague [Mr. Dawes] applies
to the whole amendment.
The SPEAKER. It does. The Chair, there-
fore, rules the amendment out of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I modify
my amendment to read as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the number
of officers, clerks, and employes employed and paid
in and about the Oapitoi and in the several Depart-
ments, bureaus, and offices mentioned in this act,
and the salaries and emoluments paid to them, or
each of them, shall be limited to the number and to
the amount herein specified and provided.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot at this
time decide whether the amendment in its
present modified form does or does not propose
the repeal of any existing law. Tf any gentle-
man makes a point of order, and cites the pro-
vision of law which, in his judgment, the
amendment proposes to repeal, the Chair will
decide the point.
Mr. DAWES. I have nothing to conceal.
My object was to save, if possible, the Depart-
ment of Education. That Department, I be-
lieve, is not mentioned in the bill, and there-
fore the amendment will not affect it.
Mr. PIKE. Will the gentleman from Illi-
nois accept an amendment to his amendment,
to add the words:
Prodded, That this shall not affect existing laws?
Mr. DAWES. It is impossible for the gen-
tleman to abolish the Department of Educa-
tion without changing existing laws.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This.does
not touch the Department of Education.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio; Then I would like
to ask the gentleman what it does touch ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair, having exam-
ined this amendment, rules that, unless it Be
still further modified, it is not in order. One
effect of the amendment would be to cut off all
payments out of the contingent fund of the
House to persons who are not specified in this
bill. But the gentleman can make his amend-
ment clearly in q$der, under the ruling which
has been adopted for many years in the House
and in the Committee of the Whole, by modify-
ing the amendment so as to provide that the
appropriations of money paid under this bill
shall be limited to the persons specified in the
bill. Such propositions as that have always
been ruled in order; but anything beyond that
has been regarded as independent legislation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think
the amendment as I have offered it is in order.
It is intended to accomplish the object the
committee had in view, and if adopted it will
save hundreds of thousands of dollars to the
Government.
Mr. DAWES. Let me test this matter by
putting an interrogatory to the gentleman from
Illinois.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I should
like to have the question of order decided upon
the amendment as it stands.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided
that the amendment is not in order, unless
with the modification which the Chair has
suggested.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
Clerk to modify the amendment in accordance
with the suggestion of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The clerk of the gentle-
man's own committee is not specified in this.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will take
■the chances as to that.
The SPEAKER. The amendment will be
modified.
Mr. MULLINS. In regard more particu-
larly to the bearing and merit of this ques-
tion——
The SPEAKER. Discussion is not in order.
The amendment, as modified, was read as
follows:
And he it further enacted. That no money appropri-
ated in this act shall be expended in paying salaries
of cleiks, ufiicors, and employes employed and paid
in and about the Capitol and in the several Depart-
ments, bureaus,andofficesmentioncdinthisact; and
the salaiies and emoluments paid to them or each of
them by virtue of the appropriation herein made
shall be limited to the number and amount specified
and provided.
The SPEAKER. According to the usage
the amendment is in order.
Mr. LOGAN. If the Chair will examine he
will find it does affect existing law. It applies
to the salary as well as to the number.
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. DAWES. Does it not cut off all the
appropriations we have made?
The SPEAKER. That is a matter for the
House to determine.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts had examined it
he would not have made the assertion.
Tho SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it will
not accomplish the gentleman's purpose.
Mr. WASHB U UN E, of Illinois. We differ
in opinion on that point. I demand the pre-
vious question. If the House do not like it
they can vote it down.
The House divided; and there were—ayea
31, noes 36 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Mr. Washburne, of Illinois, and Mr.
Logan.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes sixty, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have an
hour in which to close this debate. I do not
