1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to hear
the report in that ease. I am satisfied, if the
case is as the bill seems to present it, there
will be a great many such claims. I know of
a great many in my State.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
submitted by Mr. Willey, from the Commit-
tee on Claims, on the 21st of March last:
The Committee on Claims, to whom was referred
Senate bill 271), for the relief of William Henry Otis,
having considered the same, beg leave to report as
follows: .
At the commencement of the late war Mr. Otis was
the owner (and still is) of a lot of land adjoining the
corporate limits ot the city of Indianapolis, contain-
ing forty-live and a halt acres. Of this lot of land
the United States military authorities took posses-
sion m June, 18(il, as a military camp and drill-
ground. It wasoalle I "CampBurn&ide." rhu*pos-
session continued until the year 1866, the latter part
of the time for hospital purposes. For the use of said
lot of land during the time aforesaid Mr. Otis ac-
knowledges that he rcccivedas rent from the United
States Government the bum of $i 951 81. But the
quiirteimasters' department retused to pay for dam-
ages done by the military forces to said premises,
because "the Quartermaster General had no appro-
priations for the payment of such claims." There-
upon Mr. Otis comes to Congress and asks relief. Ho
presents his claims as follows:
To seven thousand fence rails in fence, at the rate of
six dollars per hundred  $420
Leveling ground, filling up ditches, sink-
holes, and removing embankments, as per
lowest bid (see proposals}  000
Damage to ground for agricultural purposes
from June, 1861, to I860, by grading, gravel-
ing embankments, ditches, and sink-holes,
on grounds known as " Camp Burnside," near
Indianapolis, including the apple crops and
pear crops—the production of five hundred
and twenty apple treesand forty pear tiees—
during said years; also, thirty acres of wheat
in the field, and five acres of oats in field
when occupancy commenced, totally de-
stroyed  6,000
Five hundred and twenty apple trees totally
destroyed, at the rate of twenty-five dollars
per tree  12,500
Forty pear trees, totally destroyed, at the rate
of twenty-five dollars per tree  1,000
$20,820
A great amount of evidence was presented to the
committee in support of this claim. The following
is a synopsis of it:
I.—As to fence rails.
The claimant himself swears :
"There were about seven thousand fence rails de-
stroyed by the army. Said rails are worth six dollars
per hundred in the fence/'
Livingston 1). Johnson swears:
" Fence around the entire premises was destroyed.
Have examined the premises and have estimated the
fence at about, three hundred and twenty rods. _ It
would take about six thousand four hundred rails;
rail1? cannot be had for less thansix dollars per hun-
dred.
James G. Featherston testifies:
" 1 have examined the premises and have esti-
mated the fence. I think there were near seven
thousand rails destroyed by the army. I estimate
rails at the time these rails wero destroyed at four
dollars per hundred."
John 13. Sullivan testifies :
" 1 know the fence was destroyed. I cannot state
the number of rods of fence."
William 1>. Johnson testifies:
"Fence totally destroyed; calculated the fence;
about six thousand four hundred rails, worth sixdol-
lars per hundred.
Jleeapitulation.
Claimant 7,000
Livingston I). Johnson 0,400
James G. Featherston  ',000
Averaged 6,800
which, at six dollars per hundred, makes &408.
II.—In reference, to leveling the ground.
The evidence shows that the surface of the ground
wa^ much broken by ditches, made by embankments
thrown up, sink-holes, cellars, &c.,dug by the troops.
To render the land tillable again itwill bo necessary
to have these embankments leveled, the ditches and
sink-holes, kc., filled up. To have this done Mr.
Otis published proposals. In response he received
the following proposals: By B. F. Johnson, $900; by-
Johnson Carran, $960 s by O'Connor & Smith, $990;
by John B. Saunders, £>1,000.
XII.—General damages done unfitting the land for agri-
cultural purposes.
Livingston D. Johnson:
" The land was greatly damaged and rendered un-
fit for agricultural purposes. It would be impossible
to put the land in as good condition as it was before
occupancy. I consider the land for agricultural pur-
poses almost a total loss. I would consider the dam-
age to tho land for agricultural purposes at about six
thousand dollars."
James G. Featherston testifies: . ,A ,
"The laud was greatly damaged for agricultural
purposes by tramping upon it, digging pits, sinks,
sidewalks, and graveling and grading over it. For
agricultural purposes the soil is almost totally lost.
I estimate the damage to the soil for agricultural
purposes at about five thousand dollars."
John B. Sullivan testifies:
" The land was greatly damaged and rendered un-
fit for agricultural purposes. It would require a
great outlay of time and money to render the land
of any value for agricultural purposes."
William D. Johnson testifies:
*' The land was greatly damaged, and, in my'judg-
ment, rendered unfit for agricultural purposes—dam-
aged at least $5,000."
A. Harrison testifies:
"There were streets laid out, gravel put on them,
ditches were dug, andtheground was greatly changed
from its former condition. The various buildings,
digging:, and the usual deposit of offal, &e.t occasioned
great damage to the property."
IV.—Destruction of fruit trees.
Claimant swears:
"Not less than five hundred and sixty pear and
apple trees; all good fruit-bearing trees; selection
made with great care; extra selection. The orchard,
with all tho trees, was a total loss. Value said trees
at not less than twenty-five dollars per tree."
Livingston 1). Johnson testifies:
"Largo orchard, numbering at least four hundred
healthy, bearing trees; selected with great care; fine
selection of trees; all, or nearly all, killed; few that
still remain in a dying condition; annual yield of
fruit in this orchard was more than ordinary: I con-
sider the orchard a total loss; I have considerable
experience in working, cultivating, and growing ap-
ple trees, and from my own personal knowledge of
the orchard of W. Henry Otis I would value the or-
chard at not less than twenty-five dollars per tree."
James G. Featherston testifies:
"Large orchard, numbering near five hundred
healthy, bearing trees; fine selection of trees, and
was a choice variety of fruit; nearly all killed; the
few that manifest any signs of life will eventually
die; I consider tho orchard an entire loss; would
value the orchard at not less than twenty-five dol-
lars per tree."
John B. Sullivan testifies:
"Fine orchard; extra fine selection; cannot state
the number of trees; I know the trees are all dead;
I consider the entire orchard as a total loss; there
may be some signs of life in some of the trees, but
they will all die; consider the trees worth twenty
dollars each."
William I). Johnson testifies:
"Large orchard on the premises; the number of
trees I never counted; would estimate the number
from three to four hundred fine, healthy apple and
pear trees; selection made with great care; extra se-
lection of trees; orchard, with all the trees, I consider
a total loss; annual yield usually larger than com-
mon ; value tho orchard at not less than twenty dol-
lars per tree."
A. Harrison certifies:
"Valuable and full bearing orchard was thrown
open and, of course, destroyed."
W. H. Loomis certifies:
"The valuable orchard, consisting of five hundrod
trees, is now entirely destroyed. My estimate of
their value alone, were the premises mv own, would
not be less than fifty dollars per tree. lam satisfied
their annual yield, over expense of cultivation,
would exceed twenty-five per cent, on that invest-
ment."
jRecapitulation.
Say fruit trees, five hundred—
Loomis's estimate per tree ?50
W. I). Johnson's estimate per tree  20
Sullivan's estimate per tree.... 20
Featherston's estimate per tree  2o
Livingston D.Johnson's estimate per tree  25
Making tho average estimate per tree $28 ; and, of
course, the total value of trees destroyed is, there-
fore, §14,000.
V.—Evidence of a general character.
Assessed value of the land for years *1861-62-6.3
was  $8,325
Assessed value for 186-1-65-66  12,510
The taxes paid on said land by said claimant for
the years 1S61-62-63-61-65-06 amounted to the sum of
$914 24.
Estimated value of said land.
Per acre.
By John W. Murphey SI,500
By E. B. Martmdalc 1,500
By S. II. Fletcher  1.O00
By A. L. lioache  T,000
By W. II. Morrison 
By T. A. Morris  1.0^0
 Ekin 1,000
By A. k J. A. Harrison 
By L. 1). Johnson 1^'JO
By S. R. Martin 1,000
By W. D. Johnson (oath)  1,200
The average of these estimates makes $1,15-1 51 per
aero; or, $52,531 57 for the entire lot.
One witness, W. H. Loomis, (fruit grower,) certifies
in general terms: "When I first knew this tract of
ground (namely, I860) it was a fine garden and or-
chard enclosure, and if properly cultivated it would
readily yield interest on $1,000 per acre. #
Tho committee think that the claimant, is*entitled
to compensation for his fencing which was destroyed.
They also are of the opinion that a reasonable allow-
ance should be made to him to pay for the leveling
and grading of his lot of land, and that a fair price
should be paid to him for his fruit trees that were
destroyed; but they think that his alleged chum for
damages done to his land, unfitting it for agricul-
tural purposes, is merely speculative, and should not
be entertained. They also regard the claimant's es-
timate of the value of his fruit trees destroyed, as
well as tho estimated value thereof by tho witnesses
hereinbefore cited, as very extravagant. If the
committee were to bo guided in their conclusions by
these ex parte estimates, the result would be about
as follows:
For fencing destroyed    $4Qg
For leveling and grading   900
For fruit trees destroyed.. '.'".'Z 14,000
$15,308
This amount for fencing destroyed Is, probably
about correct. The committee cannot see, from the
evidence in the ease as to tho character of the ditches,
sinks, &e., made on the premises, how it would cost
6900 to level and grade the lot so as to fill up these
ditches, sinks, &c.; and as to the item of S14.000 for
applo trees destroyed, although sustained by tho ex
parte testimony in the case, they regard it as utterly
extravagant. They have been informed that one
acre of ground is sufficient to contain thirty-six ap-
ple trees, which, at the average estimate of the wit-
nesses, to wit, twenty-eight dollars per tree, would
amount to $1,008; and yet the land, fruit trees and
all, was not, perhaps, worth more than $1,000 per
acre.
On consideration of tho whole case as presented to
the committee, they arc of the opinion that the claim-
ant is justly entitled to, at least, the sum of £3,000,
and they accordingly report a substitute for the bill
to them referred as aforesaid, and recommend its
passage.
Mr. CONIvLING. I ask what the sum total
of the claim is ?
Mr. HOWE. Twenty thousand eight hun-
dred and twenty dollars.
Mr. CONIvLING. I thouglitit was$52,000.
Mr. ANTHONY. What do you allow ?
Mr. HOWE. Three thousand dollars.
Mr. WILLEY. The amount of the claim is
$20,820. The firstpage of thcreportshowsit.
The Chief Clerk read from the report, as
follows :
"The averago of these estimates makes $1,154 54/
per acre; or $52,53157 for the entire 2ot.'\ 7
Mr. HOWE. That is the valueL of the
property. \ /
Mr. WILSON. This appears to be s^claim
for damages to a lot of land on which t^es
were paid at a valuation of $8,000 ; and pn>b-
ably that is a fair approximate of what the
whole land was worth. Probably it will sell
for more now than it would when it was oc-
cupicd, as it is close to a growing city. Sir, I
regard this bill as one of that class of bills
that are to be trumped up against this Govern-
ment, and if we commenced paying them the
sooner we make up our minds that we are to
bankrupt the Government and the country the
better. Here were forty-five acres of land oc-
cupied by this Government for four or five
years, for \yhich it paid, if I understand the re-
port aright, $4,900, about half the amount the
land was valued at for the purpose of taxation j
and here is a claim made up against the Gov-
ernment of probably a great deal more than
the land was ever worth at the time it was oc-
cupied. We shall have any quantity of these
claims made on the Government, and I think
we had better stop right here.
I have no doubt that the Government paid
for the use of this land all it was worth at the
time. I do not know whether there is any
evidence here from the quartermaster's de-
partment that the department would have paid
more if it had authority to do it. It may be
that the officers of that department would have
made some allowance if they had been au-
thorized to do so; but it appears to me that
we paid a large price for the use of the land-
vastly more than the land was worth for agri-
cultural purposes—and I have no doubt that
in making this payment allowance was made
for the damages done to the fences and trees,
and the land itself. Here is a claim of more
than twenty thousand dollars for the use of
forty-five acres of land, after the claimant has
already received $4,000 of the Government,
and it is proposed to pay him $3,000.
Mr. CONKUNG. How much was received
for the land?
Mr. WILSON. Four thousand nine hundred
dollars for the use of it. If we commence these
payments, we shall have to pay these extrav-
agant and unpatriotic claims wherever our
armies campcd in this war, and I suppose we
shall yet have to.pay for the battle-fields on
which we fought. I think it is time to stop and
let the people of this country understand that
