2280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
this nation is not to be plundered for years to
come for the benefit of men who made money
out of the war. Let the proper Department
of this Government pay for the use of these
lands what they deem to be fair. I am willing
that thoy shall d<V that. But I want to keep
these claims out of Congress. Let us try to
save these expenses. If we commence to pay
this class of damages there will never be an end
of them, and the Treasury of the country will
be -plundered out of millions and millions of
dollars. Sir, this claim cannot be an honest
claim, or if it is, the Committee on Claims is
an unjust committee. It bears on its very face
an -attempt to get a sum of money out of the
Treasury of this country wrongfully. The
whole thing is unjust. The very report of the
.committee proposing to pay $3,000, where
$20,800 were claimed, shows that the commit-
tee believed the claim to be a dishonest claim.
In my opinion, the best way to treat a claim
thus made, in which it is proposed to pay one
dollar out of seven claimed, is to pay nothing
at all. I hope, sir, that this Senate and this
Congress will make no appropriations of this
character.
Mr. BUCKALEW obtained the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
Mr. BUCKALEW. I will give way, if the
Senator desires to speak.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 will not claim the
floor from the Senator from Pennsylvania ; I
did not observe that he had taken it.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I give way with great
pleasure; I do not care to occupy it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, this case
affords^a very apt illustration of the class of
claims which we are to have against this Gov-
erniy^nt. Here was a tract of land occupied
'^s 9,/camp by the Union soldiers in the State
ojflndiana. The quartermaster's department
have paid what they considered a fair com-
pensation for the use of the land, I presume ;
at any rate they have paid $4,500 for the use
of some forty odd acres of land.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Pour thousand nine hun-
dred and fifty-one dollars and eighty-one cents,
nearly five thousand dollars.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Nearly five thousand
dollars for the use of this land ; and now the
owner of the land comes hero and proves the
value of the rails that were destroyed and the
value of the apple trees. He proves the rails
to have been worth six dollars a hundred and
the apple trees to have been worth twenty-five
dollars apiece, lie proves that the troops
dug ditches upon this land and that it has
been injured very extensively for agricultural
purposes, and that it will cost a largo amount
of money to restore it to its original condition,
and he makes up claimsamounting to between
twenty and thirty thousand dollars more than
he has already been paid. If we are to com-
mence that sort of payments I ask the Senate
to pause for a moment to consider what it will
lead to. If we are to pay the damages that shall
be proved by neighbors, on ex parte testimony,
I do not believe we shall have money enough
in the Treasury to pay our expenses if we keep
up the taxes at the highest limit that we have
had them at any time during the war. 1 think
we_ shall have to go to making loans again.
This report shows how the case is made up.
It reminds me very much of a case which
arose in the Senate, soon after I became a
member of this body, from the State of Ala-
bama, growing out of the war of 1812. The
claimant was the owner of some one hundred
and forty or one hundred and fifty acres of
land, according to my recollection, upon which
lie had acorn-field, and that corn was destroyed
by our troops in some of the Indian difficulties
that arose in that country about the year 1812.
The claimant came here claiming damages for
the destruction of that property. The proof
was not clear whether it was destroyed by our
troops or by the Indians. The party was paid
what was supposed to be the value of the
property, somewhere about 1830, I think. He
got some five thousand dollars or ten thousand
dollars damages. However, some of his proof,
it was elaimed, was excluded. He came again
afterward and got interest upon this at a sub-
sequent session of Congress. After I came
into Congress, somewhere between 1855 and
1800, he came here with that claim again. He
had up to that time, my recollection is, received
some fifteen thousand dollars for his one hun-
dred and forty acres of corn. He proved the
corn to be worth some three dollars a bushel.
He proved that he would have raised the most
extraordinary crops, 1 think, one hundred
bushels to the acre. Scarcely ever was there
such a corn-field known as that was proved to
be. [Laughtei-.] He got pay for this origin-
ally, half of it, 1 think. Then it was insisted
that he could have proven that our troops
destroyed the whole of it, but the proof was
excluded on the ground of some informality,
and a little bill was brought in here one day to
allow the case to be opened in order to let in
this testimony that had been excluded for in-
formality. The case was allowed to be opened ;
he came in with his new proof, and he was
then allowed $GO,000 for tfie corn-field.
Mr. HOWE. Will my friend give way for
a suggestion ?
Mr. TR UMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWE. I have got several eases that
I want the Senate to consider, and, as I find
we must go over a very broad field of debate
before we shall come to a vote on this bill, I
would prefer to move to postpone its further
consideration for the present.
_ Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall have no objec-
tion in a moment. I want to end the story
which I was telling in this Alabama case. I
am very nearly through.
Mr. HOWE. It was to avoid that story that
I wanted to postpone the bill. [Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am nearly through.
The claimant got $60,000 additional. Con-
gress found this out at its next session, and we
succeeded in getting a resolution through both
Houses of Congress to stop payment of it, and
I believe the last $00,000 was never paid.
This looks to me very much like that case. If
we open this door and allow this sort of claims
to come into Congress there will be no end to
them. I commend the Committee on Claims
for what they have done in this case. They
have cut it down. We have an excellent com-
mittee. They would not allow this claim of
twenty odd thousand dollars; but cut it down
to $3,000. Perhaps the party really may be
entitled to something; but, sir, we have all
had to suffer in this war, and the owner of this
property, if he has got $5,000 for the use of
forty or fifty acres of land for three or four
years, has riot suffered very deeply, and it
would be better that he should bear and con-
tribute something to the support of the Gov-
ernment than that its Treasury should be
opened to all sorts of claims. I will not take
up time, because the Senator desires to post-
pone the case.
Mr. HOWE. I move to postpone the further
consideration of this bill until to-morrow.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I hope the Senator
from Wisconsin will let us proceed with the
consideration of this bill now.
Mr. HOWE. Let me say to the Senator
before he goes on that my purpose is to save
time in the consideration of the general file of
private bills. I am sorry for the sake of the
committee, more so than the Senator can be
for the sake of his fellow-citizen, after listening
to the remarks which have now been made, to
have this bill now go from the consideration
of the Senate until those remarks have been
replied to; but I feel compelled to move it
because it seems pretty evident that this one
little claim will consume the rest of the after-
noon.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the Senator from
Wisconsin if he will call this up as soon as he
gets through with the bills not objected to.
Mr. HOWE. I will call it up at once after
the other cases are disposed of, if the Senate
will indulge me in taking it up.
Mr. BUCKALEW. 1 gave way to the Sen-
ator from Illinois, although I desired to sub-
mit some remarks on this bill. I do not care
to interrupt the proceedings of the Senate,
however, to speak if the subject is to go over ;
until to-morrow.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is not to go over
until to-morrow.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator has no objection
to letting it pass over for the present ?
Mr. BUCKALEW. I suppose there will be
no "to-morrow" for this bill, at any rate with-
in any considerable period.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator is mistaken.
There will be a double-breasted to-morrow for
it some lime. [Laughter.]
Mr. BUCKALEW. What I desire to speak
of is our general policy with reference to these
claims—a very large and very important sub-
ject.
Mr. HOWE. I agree with the Senator that
it is, and I should be very happy to hear him
on that subject if he will allow me to get rid
of this bill at this time.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, as_ to
this particular claim I do not know anything
about it. I shall be found agreeing with the
committee at all times when they report bills
to us upon the principle that justice is the first
duty which the Government owes to the citi-
zen ; and I will agree with them or with any
other competent committee at all times that
when a case is made out appealing to our sense
of justice we should accede to the demand, no
matter whether it be convenient or not.
But, sir, there is another thing which does
not seem to attract the attention of gentlemen,
and that is, that these claim cases will accumu-
late in number and will grow in amount the
longer they are postponed. I protest against
that species of argument in relation to them
which the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Wilson] entered upon this morning, and against
the policy to which his remarks point; and that
is, the pushing away of these claimsfor the time
being, rejecting or postponing them. It is
simply putting off the evil day, and it is accu-
mulating against the Treasury of the United
States a body of demands which will eventually
tax it two or three times over the amount of
outlay which we should incur if we met them
promptly and while they were fresh. Two
years ago, I think it was, I introdnced a bill,
and sent it to the Committee on Claims, pro-
viding for a system of investigation in reference
to all these demands, and, what was more im-
portant, providing a statute of limitation upon
claimants, a limitation of time after which
claims should not be presented or considered
by the Government of the United States. Un-
less we have some general legislation on this
subject there will be no end to the claim bills
which will be presented here, and it will be the
most short-sighted and foolish policy that can
be imagined to attempt to vote down individual
bills or to postpone them with the expectation
that thereby we shall save the Treasury of the
United States. It is the very system which
will accumulate against the Treasury a vast
body of demands that will eventually be met,
and that will be much greater in amount than
if we met and determined them promptly.
Therefore, sir, whenever this bill comes up
again, if the chairman of the Committee ou
Claims makes out a ease of apparent justice
for this claim, I stand ready to vote the amount
andvote it promptly, because, as I said before,
justice is a duty above all others which the
Government owes to her citizens, and if you
do not provide by some general legislation a
mode and manner by which these claims can
be investigated and heard outside of Congress
there can be no reason why they should not be
heard in Congress. So that both upon grounds
of right and upon grounds of public policy I
protest against the mode of action which is
supported by the Senator from Massachusetts,
a mode merely of postponing, of delaying, of
putting off the evil day to some other occasion,
without making any provision for ending and
bringing to a termination this system of claim
cases against the Government of the United
States connected with the late war.
