3304
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19-,
fessexily hostile, and only laying down their
arms after a long and tedious struggle, when
they were utterly exhausted, their treasury
bankrupt, their ordnance, medical, and com-
missary stores, their quartermaster's supplies
annihilated, their manufactories, arsenals, and
armories destroyed, their ports blockaded,
their forts taken, their whole land overrun and
swept by the hurricanes of war, their capital
taken by storm, and their great armies driven
and scattered like chaff in the whirlwind. It
did seem a double peril to enfranchise such
men, and yet we have reinvested them by the
hundred thousand with political rights, given
them equal power with ourselves, and told
them to try again the task of self-government.
But a few, comparatively, were excluded. The
report made this month by General Grant to
Congress shows that there are 100,721 white,
and 72,932 colored voters in North Carolina.
And it is estimated that 19,477 white, and
3,289 colored men failed to register, and of
these 11,686 are disfranchised—about one
eleventh of the white men of age to vote, and
a seventeenth of all the males of age to vote.
That in Georgia there are 96,333 white and
95,1G8 colored voters; and that 8,500 men failed
to register, and that about 10,000 whites were
disfranchised, and 00,333 whites and 24,758
colored men failed to vote. About one tenth
of the white males of age to vote and one
twentieth of all the males of age to vote. These
States may be considered as containing near
the average of persons disfranchised. Some
are above it, some below it.
What great hardship is it that one seven-
teenth of the voters of Nortli Carolina and one
twentieth of the voters of Georgia are disfran-
chised? What necessity to break over the
rule thus fixed? Is it possible that sixteen
seventeenths of the North Carolinians and
nineteen twentieths of the Georgians can not fur-
nish men to fill the offices? If it. be so they
had belter remain under military government
till loyal men mature.
But we have no reason to doubt the asser-
tion that there are thousands of men, white
men, who can, without the proposed legislation
of relief, fill all the offices well. And to allow
the loyal Union element for a time to control
that region would seem but ordinary fairness
in view of their utter exclusion for four years
by rebel power: and should be done, not
as a measure of punishment or in the spirit
of ill-will or hate, but of that moderate and
equitable kindness which would pacify and
harmonize the troubled elements of society.
The Union men of the South can better be
trusted by us than former rebels ; the people
there will give them greater confidence ; the
respect, inspired by loyalty, if we ourselves
properly estimate it, will grow year by year;
and that patriotism, which had no price, will be
valued as it should be, and receive an honest
devotion.
It ill becomes the sympathizers with treason
to charge those of us who desire to guard care-
fully the restoration of rebels to power with
hatred, thirst for vengeance, and malignity,
whiletheirfriendsthroughoutthe South, instead
of accepting the situation and yielding in good
faith, as they were in honor bound to do by
their surrender, continue their warfare upon
defenseless Union men, with the weapons which
the coward and assassin use ; and sheltered by
the.seclusion of the forest, or the mountain, or
veiled by the darkness of midnight, carry out
their diabolical schemes of torture and mur-
der. For the present we say put only Union
men on guard. This is the hatred, this the
spite, this the tyranny, this the crime against
humanity for which they cry so loudly. Let
such men pause for a moment and look at the
spirit displayed in different parts of these unre-
constructed States by their newspapers which
do, in a great measure, reflect public senti-
ment. The Montgomery Alabama Mail, in
speaking of resistance to the congressional
measuies of reconstruction, says:
"We have a right to appear to the ultima ratio
regum. From the valleys should go up the defying
shouts of an outraged people! From the hill-tops
should blaze forth the fiery cross of vengeance, and
the soil of Alabama, from the rivers to tho gulf,
should thrill onee more beneath thefeet of freemen 1
By the memory of Alabama's sons, ivhodied in glory
on the plains of Ohalmette. at the victory of Horse
8hoe, on Malvern Hills, at Chickamauga, at Shiloh,
and at Manassas, wo would say strike!
" Strike for your altars and your fires 1
Strike for the green graves of your sires!
God and your native land 1"
The secret and murderous organization known
as the Ku-Klux-Klan is encouraged publicly
after the following style by the Tuscaloosa
(Alabama) Monitor to do its terrible deeds:
" Cannot some of those Eutaw boys, who expelled
Parson Hill, be paid to come this way and work upon
'dozen more such V There is nothing liko lieoping
your hand in. Ilero is material enough for you to
work on for a few nights. Every exchange comes
full of accounts from every quarter of the bouth of
the singularly bonefleiat operations of'nightly vis-
itors in disguise. Most of the newspapers either
encourage openly the preservation and extension of
the organizations or recommend by plain innuendoes.
Sotno few mawkishly moral shoets of the Conserva-'
tive stripe oppose the institution (Ku-Klux-Klan ;)
v hile, of couise, all the miserable Radical organs
are loud in their bowlings against it; for it only
works to the detriment of villains, with which loyal
leagues are synonymous."
Even the ministers of the gospel must find
banishment or death at the hands of these
unhung criminals.
The iliehmond Enquirer follows iu the same
strain of encouragement to a society linked in
bonds made of the assassin's steel:
" It is now very evident that this 'Ku-Klux-Klan'
is not a meaningless Merry-Andrew organization,
but that under its cap and bells it hides a purpose as
resolute, noble, and heroic as that which Brutus con-
cealed beneath tho mask of well-dissembled idiocy."
The Vicksburg (Mississippi) Times echoes
its foul and daring sentiments bitter with hate
and vengeance:
" Let tho frionds of negro domination bo eternally
ostracized. Let those who voto for George Craven
McKce, Beroth Buzzard Eggleston, and tho miser-
able creature Barry, be spurned fioiu the presence of
every roally white man in the State. It is the only
way to deal with them, as well as tho robbers who
seok to rule over us."
At Memphis, Tennessee, the chief of police,
Mr. Beaumont, arrested a conclave of the Ku-
Klux-Klan, whereupon tho Avalanche thus
denounces him with threats of death :
"Whether the organization be genuine or bogus,
Beaumonthas been guilty of conduct lor which ho
ought to be murdered."
This newspaper is the Democratic organ of
Tennessee, and dares thus openly to demand
the commission of the most dreadful of crimes.
This sheet approves of the murder of Ashburn,
of Georgia, and in connection with it the fol-
lowing statement is made:
"It is said that a steamboat was tho first public
conveyance that lett Columbus after the killing of
Ashbuin, and that it was loaded down with New
England school-marms and Yankee missionaries of
one sort and othor."
Death is the familiar friend of these knightly
gentlemen and exile to helpless women. We
might expect such acts from the savages on the
western plains, from the Blackfeet, Sioux, or
Comanches, but scarcely from our southern
brethren ; scarcely from the ruling class of that
region, the scions of chivalry ; scarcely from
those high heroic gentlemen who alone are fit
to manage the politics of the reconstructed
States. We could scarcely expect such treat-
ment of ladies from the men who claim to
embody the gallantry, honor, courtesy, liber-
ality, justice, and loyalty which are the first
elements of chivalry—from the professors of
those beautiful graces which soften down the
hardships of daily life, which make the protec-
tion of the weak a religious duty, the enthusi-
astic devotion to women a sacred obligation.
That amorous swain, GerrittSmith, is needed
there to conquer them with love and sighing
like a furnace, to woo them again into the
gentle paths of humanity. A college endowed
with a few hundred thousand dollars, and having
some of these editors for a faculty, would soon
humanize, harmonize, and Unionize the young
scions of the ruling class. And should this
prove ineffectual a special act of Congress,
relieving them from all disabilities, might be
obtained to add sweetness and gentleness to
their manners.
General Meade having arrested the murder-
ers of the ill-fated Ashburn and confined them
in Fort Pulaski, in addition to public demands
for their release he is violently denounced
for discharging his duty, and his removal is
demanded. The Columbus (Georgia) Sun
condemns him for ascertaining upon
whose
shoulders rested "the responsibility of the
taking off of one of the most obnoxious pests
that ever afflicted a civilized community, and
the editor goes on to say:
"' Weshould buthalf perform ourdntyi^eshpuld
hesitato to appeal to asuperior
active, and effective interference tor these
outrageous, and illegal proceedings, 4"^ n®8™ •
behalf of the people of district-Iso. 3, who ot late
have had cause grievously to fee/ the "a
of the vain and incompetent man
Meade) m whose hands their lives and
been unwisely and unfortunately placed, we pray for
his prompt removal.' The article concludes-as fol-
l0" Wo beg of Mr. Johnson to recall the fact that the
Supreme Court of this country has solemnly declared
that military commissions a™  na th0,™eSlh„
illegal in time* peace, and this, the Jaw or too
land, he is in duty bound to sec executed m letter
Wo *pray him further to remember that to the
people of the South he is indebted for much pi the
strength that enabled him to pass through bis late
peril, which threatened him .and the Government.
Though the courago and integrity of a few men in a
moment of need brought an orueal never experi-
enced by any of hi3 predecessors, it is not going
beyond the boonds of reason to say that the unan-
imous backing afforded him by th« people oj' th©
South, thoir stern adherence to then- pligntea laiin,
their stubborn support of his constitutional prerog-
atives, their respect for law and obedience to au-
thority, wore amongthe most powerful elements that
contributed to the triumph of principle over the
tricks of a faction. To such a people he owes at
least all tho protection that lies within his power to
extend,"
"One enemy less," said the Macon Mes-
senger and the Columbus Sun when George
W. Ashburn was taken by a gang of Demo-
cratic ruffians from his quiet bed and murdered
for his political opinions.
"Wo warn those who have been prominent in in-
sisting in humiliating and insulting southern white3
to be careful in future, and remember the fate of tho
tiger Robespierre."
Says the Herald, of Newman. Georgia, in
the spirit of those who drenched the streets of
Paris with gore and shocked the civilized world
with their fiendish enormities. In harmony
with this utterance the Iuka (Mississippi)
Gazette exclaims :
" The southern people will never follow the crazy
' God-and-morality,' negro-worshiping, spoon-steal-
ing, white-man-hating, outside-of-the-Constitution-
standing, black-and-white-blood-mixiog, woman-
crowing, baby-strangling, ceow-pronouncing, hell-
deserving, New-Engl and-Yankee-clock-peddling,
chick en-steal ing.box-ankl ed, bandy-shan ked. round-
shouldered, hypocritical, canting, psalm-singing,
cowardly, cut-throat, slandering, vulgar, shiny-
mouthed, onion-eating, whisky-drinking, sausage-
stuffing scoundrels."
What a beautiful spectacle of Christian
patience it will be to see Gerritt Smith and
Beecher, with college endowments, arm in
arm, with such editors, followed by Chief
Justice Chase, with his gospel of universal
amnesty and universal suffrage, -while in his
rear, scarce able to keep up in the rapid march
for want of breath, we see a bevy of benevo-
lent, sympathetic Congressmen with their spe-
cial bills of relief to peculiarly mild rebels and
remarkably repentant traitors ! What a delight-
ful task of weaning rebel lambs, like these
editors, is in reserve for philanthropic Con-
gressmen for the next score of years !
These indications, and others in vast num-
bers like these, tell every reflecting, cool-
headed, kind-hearted, merciful, considerate
citizen to beware, to go slow in restoration
of power to such men or their friends. Such
lessons teach us that peace is on the brink of
destruction in such men's hands; that national
ruin, an end of law, a reign of violence, rob-
( bery, arson, persecution, cruelty, savage fury,
j war, open murder, and secret assassination
would follow their restoration to power.
Such men and their Democratic friends
should be a little cautious how they charge us
with malign purposes when we wish to inter-
pose afew safeguards between our peace and the
horrors which they invoke.
We would Bay to leading rebels, Your coua-
