mu
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July22,
Senator himself last year offered the resolution.
I happen to remember that because he came
to me and borrowed it. of me. 'lheGrlobe will
show that, all,hough 1 have not looked to find
it. He offered the resolution ; he gave it the
sanction of that tact; and when we came back
here in July he insisted that it was a resolution
providing for an absolute session on the 3d of
July, and that if there were no quorum here it
would be the duty of the Sergeants-at-Arms to
bring in members enough to make a quorum
of both Houses. I differed with him about
that; but X do not wish to be caught iu such a
trap a second time.
Mr. SHERMAN. And under those cir-
cumstances, less than a quorum, it was argued,
could only adjourn from day to day.
Mr. CONK.UNG. Yes, sir ; the claim was,
as my triend from Ohio reminds me—that oc-
curs in the debate which is here of record—
that all we could do would be to adjourn from
day to day until a quorum was brought here.
1 do not wish to have this added to all the
other sensations, to all the other rant and fus-
tian which are to he made use of in the coun-
try to induce an extra session of Congress. 1
remember very well how the session was
brought about on the 3d of last July. I re
member hearing a great many persons talk
about it who, in my belief, did not understand
more than we did here, to say the least., what
the exigency was ; and yet the effect was to
get up a fueling in delerence to which every
Senator and every member who could reach
the capital felt bound to come. I say 1 do not
wish added to that as n make-weight an argu-
ment that a lesoluiion has been adopted under
which we must come iu order to avoid having
the Sergeants at-Arms of the two Houses sent
to assemble a quorum.
The PkESHJEN r pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of me Senator iroui
Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson*.]
Mr. NYE. 1 desire to say that on the ques-
tions connected with the matter of adjourn-
ment 1 am paired with the Senator Iroin Ver-
mont. [ilr. Edmunds.]
'ilie question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, imys 20 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrh. Abbott, Ciittell, Chandler, Cole,
Conness, Coi'bctt, ILnlau, Uarris, Howe, Kellogg,
MoDotiuHl, Moigiin, Morull ol Maine, Alonill ut
Veunont, O.ljum, P.iileivon ot New U-imp.-hiie,
Poineroy, Ku-c, i'Sawyrr, iSiirau'ne,
feiowai't, buuiimr, fhayor, Tipton, WetuU, and Wil-
son—1.8.
NAY> — Messrs. Anthony, Bucltalew, Conkiing,
Crdgni, Davis. l)ooliUlc. i?V^s<*ndeti, 1-nwler, iiun-
doison, liuiiili icKfc, MlCi eeiy, Moi tun, P.ilteixm (it
Icinit'sst-e; Mientiau, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Vick-
ers, Wnvte, VViltoy.iind Williams—20.
Jl — jMosfti's. Bayard, Cameron, Dixon,
Dralie, Kutmuids, t erry, Frelinguuyaen, Gi miep,
H'twiird, Norton. Nyc, Pool, ltobertaon, tiaulsbuiy.
Wade, and Yates—10.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
TUB FUNDING BILL.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
meet this evening at half past seven o'clock
for the transaction of executive business.
Mr. SHEKMAN. 1 trust my friend from
Rhode island will allow me to have the fund-
ing bill disposed of. it will take buta moment.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 give way.
The PKESiDENT pro tempore. The bill
(S. No..207) for funding the national debt and
for the conversion of Hie notes of the United
States has been returned by the House of ilep-
resentatwes with amendments.
Mr. SHEiiMAN. The amendments need
not be read. 1 am directed by the Committee
on Finance to move that the Senate disagree
to the amendments of the House of liepresent-
alives.
The motion was agreed to ; and the amend-
ments were non-concurred in.
HOUSE BILL KEFEltRBD.
The bill (H. 11. No. 144(i) to relieve from
legal and political disabilities Simeon Corley,
John Milledge, and Michael Halm was read
twice by its title.
Mr. STEWART. There is no necessity for
referring that hill. One of the persons is a
member-elect of the other House- who desires
to be relieved so t!..i* he can take his seat. _ I
ask unanimous consent to put the bill on its
Mr. BUCKALE'W. I object.
The PKESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the bill cannot now be considered.
Mr. STEWART. Let it be referred.
The bill was referred to tho Committee on
the Judiciary.
PROPOSED EVENING SESSION.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that when the
Senate adjourns it adjourn to meet this evening
at half past seven o'clock ; and I should like
to have it understood that the Senate at that
time will take up for consideration the bill,
which lias been pressed upon their attention
so long, for the protection of citizens abroad.
I should like to get this evening's session to
dispose of that, bill; and I think the Senate
will concede that. I make that motion.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 humbly submitthatthe
motion is not in order. 1 made a motion and
gave way, if I could give way without losing
tho floor.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not, so understand it.
Mr. ANTHONY. The President will de-
clare.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood the Senator to withdraw his mo-
tion.
Mr. ANTHONY. I did not.
The PUES1D1NO OFFICER. The Chair
may have been mistaken.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I hope the motion
of my friend from California will not prevail,
but that we shall first dispose of the executive
business. 1 am perfectly willing to take a vote
now on the bill in which my friend from Cali-
fornia has so much interest; but 1 am not.
willing to have speeches made here that had
better be made on the stump, delaying us in
the business that we must transact. Although
1 am perfectly ready to vote on that question,
1 cannot agree with my friend from California
in the importance he ascribes to it. 1 think
I lie hill as it came from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, if 1 may say so wilhout offense,
is a stupidity, anil, 1 think, as proposed to be
amended by the Senator lrom California, it is
an atrocity. Tho one is to require the Gov-
ernment to do what, the Government always
has done and alwavs will do, and what, every
Government that, has any sort of self respect
must do, to pioteet its own citizens, and the
other is that the Government shall adopt the
policy of King Theodoras.
Mr. CONNESS. It is a great pity, Mr.
President, that we are not all gifted with the
same sense of propriety, the same discretion,
the same regard for the economy of public time
as my honorable friend from Rhode Island.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have often thought so.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator replies he
has often thou lit so. It is very evident he
has estimated his share of those great virtues
very largely, and that lie estimates the share
possessed by others in an opposite degree.
Now, Mr. President, there is a great deal
said fiotn time to time about making speeches.
1 suppose that every Senator who is here lias
a privilege, and it does not lay with the Sena-
tor from Rhode Island to protest against the
exercise of thatprivilege. The Senator makes
the remark that he does in reference to my
motion to get a session for the consideration
of the bill named, notwithstanding that I have
begged again and again of the Senate to vote
without further discussion of that measure.
Nay, sir, 1 believe that the Senators who desired
to submit, some remarks had announced that
they would not do so and were ready to vote ;
and yet the Senator gives us this gratuitous
speech. 1 do not know whom he means to
reflect upon; but 1 think it were as well not
made iu this connection.
His summing up of the value of this bill I
have not so much respect for. I usually enter-
tain the deepest consideration and respect for
all that my friend thinks and says and does ;
but his denunciation of this measure, in my
opinion, is hardly worthy of him.
I ask the Senate to give an evening session
for this business, if the Senate are ready to
vote now upon the question lam entirely ready
vote. I have no further remarks to submit.
I did not at any time intend to submit remarks
occupying five minutes of time; but the Sena-
tor charged with the conduct of foreign affairs
upon this floor felt it his duty to make an
extended speech, and i could not sit and listen
silently to that speech without replying to it;
and i do not feel that i owe an apology to my
friend for having done so. it may be, and I
regret that what 1 said in this connection was
so unpalatable to my friend ; but I-eannot help
that. It must remain, and I must remain under
the ban.
Mr. ANTHONY. I made no remark on the
Senator's speech certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope now we shall get
the vote on this motion and have this session.
Mr. WILSON. I suggest to the Senator,
from Rhode Island, that as there is a great
storm going on of thunder and lightning and
rain we might just as well take the vote on
this question now.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator will permit
me, 1 will move to proceed to the considera-
tion of the bill.
Mr. WILSON. I think we can dispose of
it in a few minutes.
Mr. ANi'liONY. I have no sort of objec-
tion if we can get a vote; but if not, 1 give no-
tice that the first time 1 shall be so fortunate
as to gut the floor 1 shall move to proceed to
the consideration of executive buMness.
Mr. CONNESS. All right; upon that I
shall call lor the yeas and nays, and let the
Senate decide.
1UUII1S OF CITIZENS ABROAD.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
before the Senate as the unfinished business
is the bill (H. ii. No. 768,1 concerning the
rights of American citizens in toreigu Sta'.es,
which is before the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole.
Several Senators. Let us have a vote.
Mr. BUMM 13It. We are to vote on the
amendments of the committee first.
The PRESIDING OFFiOER. The ques-
tion is on the amendments of the committee.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 desire to have the
amendments stated by the Chair, and read by
the Clerk as they stand.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first
amendment reported by the committee will be
read to the Senate.
1 he Chief Clerk read the first amendment,
which was after the word "relused," in the
ninth line of section three, to strike out the
lollowing words:
The President shall be, and hereby is. empowered
to.uap'eiid 111 pari, or wholly, commercial relations
with the Haul G«>vei amen t, or in case no oJier icmedy
is available, to order ttie m-rest and to detain iu cus-
tody any subjeci or citizen ot such foreign Govern-
ment who may be lound wit bin tue jurisdiction of
tho United Mates, and who has not dcctured his in-
tention (o become a citizen ol the United States
except embassadors and other puohc mmisteis and
their domestics and domesiio icivants; and i he Pres-
ident snail, without deiay, ^ivo iniontiaiioii to Con-
gress ol any proceedings under this act.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
It shall be the duty of the President forthwith to
report to Congress ail the eiieumstances oi any Mich
airest aud detention, and an> proceedings lor lue
leieaseof the citizen so arrested and detained, that
^oiigres.-} may take prompt action to secure to every
citizen ot the United Elates his just lights.
Mi. CONKL1NU-. Let us vote 011 that.
Mr. CONNESS. I believe 1 submitted an
amendment to that amendment of the commit-
tee, which i.s before the Senate.
The PitESlDi.NG OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from California proposes an amendment
to the u.iiendment of the committee.
Mr. CONNESS. It is now pending.
i he PKESiDiNG OKFiCEii. That will
be first com^dored.
Tiie Chief Clerk read'the amendment to the
