i86a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1257
proper provided by act of Congress of March
o, lfcMJ5, he not having been mustered into ser-
vice till March 4, 186-3; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. ANTHONY presented the petition of
J. S. Cunningham, paymaster in the Navy,
praying that the accounting officer of the
Treasury be directed to allow him a credit of
$1,671 07 in the settlement of his accounts as
paymaster of the frigate Colorado ; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. DAYIS, it was
Ordered, That the memorial and accompanying
papers of Joseph Wilson, on the flies of the Senate,
be referred to the Committee on Claims.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY, the bill (H. R.
No. 328) to establish certain post routes was
recommitted to the committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary have had under consideration the
petition of Cincinnatus W. Harper and others,
praying compensation for the use and occupa-
tion of their land at Norfolk, Virginia, by offi-
cers under the Navy Department. It seems
they allege that this property has been taken
possession of by the Nav}* Department. The
committee have instructed me to report the
petition back to the Senate, and ask to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and
recommend that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, that has jurisdiction of
that class of matters.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 161) to amend an act entitled "An act to
provide for the more efficient government of
the rebel States," passed March 2, 1867, and
the several acts amendatory thereof, and an
amendment to the same offered by the Senator
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittle,] have in-
structed me to report them back, and recom-
mend the indefinite postponement of the bill
and amendment. The same matter is provided
for in the report submitted by the committee
YQgtgrCl&V
Mr. SUMNER. Which bill is that?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill introduced by
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wil-
son.] The only thing in that bill was a pro-
vision that a majority vote should control in
voting upon these constitutions. We have re-
ported the same thing as an amendment to a
House bill. This being a Senate bill, we thought
it better to report the matter as an amendment
to a bill that has already passed the House.
I am also instructed by the same committee
to report back the bill (S. No. 210) supple-
mentary to the several acts in relation to the
reconstruction of the rebel States, and to recom-
mend its indefinite postponement. This is the
bill that was introduced by the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Drake.]
Mr. DRAKE. Is the matter of that pro-
vided for in the other bill?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; one of the
provisions is not. There are two provisions
m the bill which I have just reported. One is
to prevent any correction ol the registration
lists, and the other to declare that a majority
vote shall control on the ratification of the
constitution. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, not agreeing to the first provision, and
having provided for the other in an amend-
ment reported to a House bill yesterday,
instructed me to report this bill back, and
recommend its indefinite postponement.
Mr. TRUMBULL also, from the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 243J regulating the service of
final process in suits at law, and of orders and
dccvct'S in equity ot courts oftliG Linitcu Stylos
in places out ot their jurisdictional limits, re-
ported adversely thereon.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the memorial
of citizens of Ohio, praying a change in the
mode of appointments and removals, and in
the qualifications of officers who were selected
to execute the laws for the collection and dis-
bursement of the moneys belonging to the
United States, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Retrenchment; which was
agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Annie E. Bronaugh, reported adverse-
ly thereon.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 54) to enlarge the
public grounds surrounding the Capitol, re-
ported it with amendments.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 370) to remove political disabilities from
William W. Holdeu, of North Carolina ; which
was rend twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 371) relative to the military reservation at
Fort Dalles, in Oregon ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. TIPTON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
372) granting lands to aid in the construction
of a railroad from Brownsville, Nebraska, and
for aiding other railroads in the State of Ne-
braska to intersect the Union Pacific railroad;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HENDRICKS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to Introduce a bill (S.
No. 373) to amend an act entitled "An act to
provide for recording the conveyances of ves-
sels, and for other purposes," approved July
29, 18d0 ; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The bill is introduced
with the approval of the Judiciary Committee,
but still I ask its reference to that committee.
It was so referred.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. Ill) providing for the issue
of clothing to soldiers and others, to replace
clothing destroyed to prevent contagion ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, and
ordered to be piinted.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 112) to restore Alabama to repre-
sentation in Congress; which was read twice
by its title.
1 Mr. WILSON. I move that the joint reso-
j lution be printed, and laid on the table. I wish
I to say that I will call it up to-morrow or at a
1 very early day. and move its reference to a
' committee ; and I desire when I do so to briefly
| state the outrages that have been perpetrated
j in that State in violation of the law that guar-
; antied to all the right to vote without l'ear or
i restraint.
1 The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be printed, if there be no objection.
DUBUQUE AND SIOUX CITY RAILROAD.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No. 208.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator from Iowa
will allow me, there is a lesolution on the table
which was reported from the Committee on
i Printing yesterday and laid over at the request
! of the Senator from New York, whom I now
' see in his seat, which I should like to dispose ot.
I Mr. GRIMES. That will take time.
I The PRESIDENT pro tempore.. The motion
i of the Senator from Rhode Island can only
be entertained by unanimous consent, there
being another motion pending.
Mr. HARLAN. I will state to my friend
from Rhode Island that this is a bill for an
extension of time in relation to a land-grant
railroad.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well; I will not
press my motion against the wishes of the
Senator.
Mr. HARLAN. It will require the action
of the Legislature, and the Legislature of Iowa
is now in session and probably will not l/e in
session very long. I am anxious therefore to
have the bill disposed of.
The motion of Mr. Harlan was. agreed to ;
and the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 208)
extending the time for the completion of the
Dubuque and Sioux City railroad.
By the first section the time for completing
a line of railroad from Dubuque to Sioux City,
in the State of Iowa, for the construction of
which lands were granted in alternate sections
to that State by the act approved May 15, 1856,
'will be extended until the 1st day of January,
1872, but the road is to be constructed on the
most practicable route on or near the sur-
veyed line along which lands have been se-
lected under the grant, by way of Webster
City and Fort Dodge to Sioux City, crossing
the Little Sioux river not further south than at
or near the south line of Cherokee couuty;
and is to be completed to Fort Dodge on or
before the 1st of January, 18G9, and thereafter
at the rate of not less than forty miles each year;
and the road is to be constructed, operated, and
maintained as one continuous and unbroken
line of road from Dubuque to Sioux City.
The remaining sections of the bill make pro-
vision as to the manner of disposing of the
lands granted, the resurvey of the road, <fcc.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Public Lands was to .insert after "1872," in
line ten of section one, the words "subject
to the reverter mentioned in said aet at the
expiration of the time herein limited."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out in
line thirteen of section one the words "the
most practicable route on or near."
Mr. HARLAN. I propose to amend that
amendment and the succeeding amendment so
as to make the proviso which begins on line
twelve read:
Provided, That said road shall bo constructed on
the most practicable louto by way of Webster Oity
and I'ort liodge to Bioux City, which route shall bo
at all points within the limits of said land grant, and
the same shall be completed to Fort Dodge on or be-
fore the 1st day of January, 1S69,'' &c.
The amendment to the amendment wa3
agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. Let me inquire of the
Senator from Iowa what is the effect of his
amendment to the amendment? I may not
understand it.
Mr. HARLAN. The effect of the amend-
j ment to the amendment will be to permit the
I company to locate the road within the limits
! of the land grant. They may vary from the
i old lino within the limits of the grant and con-
struct it from the points named to the terminus
at Sioux City.
; Mr. POMEROY. The limits of the land
grant are twenty miles. Does the Senator
mean that tliey may deviate twenty miles from
1 the line?
i Mr. HARLAN. No, it is not twenty miles.
| The original grant was six miles, but I believe
! they have a right to go outside of that to the
lj extent of fifteen miles on each side. The
jl object of this amendment is not to confine the
• i company that may construct the road to the
1 exact line surveyed. It was surveyed many
years ago and when the topography of the
country was not so well understood as it is now;
and we have been compelled in several other
eases to grant the same privilege that this
amendment proposes to allow them, to swing a
little within the limits of the grant, in order to
secure the most eligible line, without varying,
