THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sibility, he acted. Now, the question is, after
he has done the act, after he has thought it was
successful, after he thought Mr. Stanton had
yielded the office, can he, by his narration of
what he had done and what he intended to.do,
shield himself before a tribunal from the con-
sequences of that act? Is it not exactly the
same question which you decided yesterday by
almost unexampled unanimity in the case of
Mr. Perrin and Mr. Selye, the member of
Congress, on that same day, a few minutes ear-
lier or a few minutes later. They offered in
evidence here what he told Mr. Perrin and
what he told Mr. Selye ; they complicated it
by the fact that Mr. Selye was a member of
Congress ; and the Senate decided by a vote
which indicated a very great strength of opin-
ion that that sort of narration could not be
put in.
Now, is this anymore than narration? It
was not to take the advice of Mr. Welles as to
what he should do in the future, or upon any
question; it was mere information given to
Sir. Welles or to the other members of the
Cabinet after they had separated in their Cabi-
net consultation, and while they were meeting
together as any other citizens might meet. It
would be as if, after you adjourned here, some
question should be attempted to be put in as
to the action of the Senate because the Sen-
ators had not left the room. Again, I say it
was simply a narration, and that narration of
his intent and purposes, his thoughts, expecta-
tions, and feelings.
I do not propose to ai-gue it further until I
hear something showing why we are to distin-
guish this case from the case of Mr. Perrin, on
which you voted yesterday. Mr. Perrin tells
you that on the 22d he waited for the Cabinet
meeting to break up, and as soon as it broke
up he went in with Mr. Selye, and then the
President undertook to tell liim. You said
that was no evidence. Now, when he under-
took to tell Mr. Welles is that any more evi-
dence? I cannot distinguish the cases, and I
desire to hear them distinguished before I
attempt an answer to any such distinction.
Mr. EVAUTS. Mr. Chief Justice and Sen-
ators, certainly nothing has yet proceeded from
the mouth of this witness which has shown
that the act of removal of Mr. Stanton or of
appointment of General Thomas had taken
place without previous advice from the Cabi-
net. However that fact may be, nothing as
yet has been said to show it. All that has
been proved is that Mr. Welles had not before
that heard of the fact that he had been re-
moved. That is all as it now stands. I merely
correct that impression for the moment.
So, too, I wish no misunderstanding as to
the situation of the members of the Cabinet
toward the President, as being still in their
Cabinet meeting with unfinished, unadjourned
counsel. I think the honorable Manager is a
little in difficulty on that point from having an
impression beyond the case as it was left by
the witness when he left the stand before the
recess, and not attending to the differences
made by his answers to my questions since he
returned, my desire being to get at the precise
fact.
Now, then, it stands thus : that at a Cabinet
meeting held on Friday, the 21st of February,
when the routine business of the different De-
partments was over, and when it was in order
for the President to communicate to his Cabi-
net whatever he desired to lay before them, the
President did communicate this fact of the re-
moval of Mr. Stanton and the appointment of
General Thomas ad interim, and that there-
upon his Cabinet officers inquired as to the
posture in which the matter stood, and as to
the situation of the office and of the conduct
of the retiring officer. Here we get rid of the
suggestion that it is a mere communication to
a casual visitor which made the staple of the
argument yesterday against the introduction
of the evidence as to the conversation with Mr.
Perrin and Mr. Selye. We now present you
the communication made by the President of
the United States whilethis actwas inthevery
process of execution, while it was yet, as we
say in law, in fieri, being done.
Itbeingwj fieri, the President communicates
the fact how this public transaction has been
performed and is going on, and we are entitled
to that as a part of the res getstce in its sense of
a governmental act, with all the benefit that can
come from it in any future consideration you
are to give to the matter as bearing upon the
merits and the guilt or innocence of the Presi-
dent in the premises. It bears, as we say,
directly upon the question whether there had
been any other purpose than the placing of the
office in a proper condition for the public ser-
vice according to the announcement of the
President as his intention when he conversed
with General Sherman in the January preced-
ing; and it negatives all idea that at the time
that General Thomas to Mr. Wilkeson or to the
Dakota delegate, Mr. Burleigh, was saying 01
suggesting anything of force, the President was
the author of, or was responsible for, his state-
ments. The truth is, it presents the transac-
tion as wholly and completely an orderly and
peaceful movement of the President of the
United States, as in fact it was, and no evidence
has been given to the contrary, of any occurrence
disturbing that peaceful order and as the situ-
ation in which its completion left the matter in
the mind of the President up to that point of
time.
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Chief Justice, I desire
to add to what my colleague has said a very
few observations of a slightly different charac-
ter from those which ho has addressed to the
Senate. We are anxious that this testimony
now offered should be distinguished in the
apprehension of the Senate, as it is in onr own,
from an offer of advice, or from the giving of
advice by the Cabinet to the President. We
do not place our application for the admission
of this evidence upon the ground that it is an
act of giving advice by his councilors to the
President. We place it upon the ground that
this was an official act done by the President
himself when he made a communication to his
councilors concerning this change which he
had made in one of their number; that that
was strictly and purely an official act of the
President, done in a proper manner, the sub-
ject-matter of which each of those councilors
was interested in in his public capacity, and
which it was proper for the President to make
known to them at the earliest moment when
he could make such a communication.
Now, I wish to say a word in respect to the
character of this council, in reply to the re-
marks of the honorable Manager concerning
the constitutional rights and powers of the
President in respect to them. 1 understand
the honorable Manager to have rested his views
concerning the constitutional character of
those councilors upon what he understands
to be Mr. Jefferson's opinions and practice.
I wish to bring before the Senate, in this
connection, and somewhat in advance of the
question which will presently arise respecting
advice given by these officers, the practice
of this Government concerning such a coun-
cil ; and I beg to refer the Senate, in the first
place, to a passage from the Federalist. In
its commentary upon that provision of the
Constitution which enables the President to
require the opinion in writing "of the princi-
pal officer in each of the Executive Depart-
ments upon any subject relating to the duties
of their respective offices "—I read from Daw-
son's edition of the Federalist, pages 510-17.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the number?
Mr. CURTIS. Number 73. The author,
in the first place, quotes what I have read
from the Constitution, and then makes this
remark, and passes from the subject as requir-
ing no further discussion or examination.
" This X consider as amereredundancyin theplfm;
as the right for which it provides would result of
itself from the office."
Mr. JOHNSON. That is by Mr. Hamilton.
Mr. CURTIS. That is Mr. Hamilton. Now,
in respect to the practice of this Government,
and particularly the practice of Mr. Jefferson,
in its relations to what had preceded under'
other Presidents, I beg leave to refer to Mr.
G. T. Curtis's History of the Constitution, vol-
ume 2, page 409, note : ■ •
"Those who are not famiiiarwiththepreci.se Ktruc-
turo of the American Government will probably be"
surprised to learn that what is in practice sometimes
called the ' Cabinet' has no constitutional existence
as a directory body, or one that can decide anything.
The theory of our Government is, thai what belongs
to the executive power is to be exercised by the un-
controlled will of the President. Acting upon the
clause of the Constitution which empowers the Pres-
ident to call for the opinions in writing of the hoada
of Departments, Washington, the first President
commenced the practice of taking their opinions in
separate consultation; and he also, upon important
occasions, assembled them for oral discussion in the
form of a council. After having heard the reasons
and opinions of each he decided the course to be
pursued."
And I may mention Iiere in passing that if
Senators have the curiosity to look into the
history of the period they will find that the
latter course was pursued by General Wash-
ington, especially toward the close of his first
and during his second administrations on very
important occasions, one of the most promi-
nent of which was the difficulty with the French
minister, M. Genet, and the course that was
pursued by the Government growing out of
those complications. The author proceeds :
" The second President, Mr. John Adams, followed
substantially the same practice. The third President,
Mr. Jefferson, adopted asomewhat different practice.
When a question occurred of sufficient magnitude to
require the opinions of all tho heads of Departments
ho called thom together, had the subjcct discussed,
and a vote taken, in which he counted himself but as
one. But he always seems to have considered that
ho had the power to decide against theopiuifm of his
Cabinet. That he never or rarely exercised it was
owing partly to tho unanimity in sentiment that pre-
vailed in his Cabinet and to his desire to preserve
that unanimity, and partly to his disinclination to
the exorcise of personal power. When there were
differences of opinion he aimed to produce a unani-
mous result by discussion, and almost always suc-
ceeded. But he admits that this practice made the
Executive, in fact, a directory."
And then references are givon to Mr. Jeffer-
son's works in support of this statement. The
author does not continue to speak of the sub-
sequent practice of the Government, as that,
no doubt, was considered to be very familiar,
his purpose being merely to point out the
origin of these two practices; the one being
that the members of the Cabinet were called
together and a consultation held, and then, as
the result of that consultation, the President
dccidcd ; the other practice being that a vote
was taken in tho Cabinet, the President him-
self ordinarily counting as one in that vote,
but always understanding that he had the
power, if he thought proper to exert it, to de-
cide the question independently of the votes
of the Cabinet. That, I understand, has con-
tinued to be the practice from Mr. Jefferson's
time to the present day, and including all the
Presidents who have intervened daring that
period,
I have made these remarks because they
seem to me to have an application, not merely
to the testimony now offered, but to other evi-
dence which we shall have occasion to present
to the Senate subsequently. They are perti-
nent to the question now under consideration,
for they go to show that, under the Constitu-
tion and laws of the United States, as prac-
ticed on by every President, including General
Washington and Mr. Adams, Cabinet ministers
were assembled by them as a council for the
purposes of consultation and decision ; and, of
course, when thus assembled, a communication
made to them by the President of the United
States concerning an important official act
which was then in fieri, in process of being
executed and not, yet completed, is itself an
official act of the President, and we submit to
the Senate that we have a right to prove it in
that character.
A reference has been made by the honorable
Manager to attempts which have sometimes
been made in England by ministers to defend
themselves under the orders of the king.
Everybody who understands the British con-
stitution knows that that is in the nature of the
Government an absurdity. The king is not
