1888.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I am very sorry that my bill, introduced on
a former occasion, did not pass both Houses
of Congress, if I had been a member of the
majority at that time, and responsible for the
legislation of the Government, I should have
been more prompt and zealous in pressing that
bill, it did meet the approval of the Commit-
tee on Claims; but I left it to them to say
whether it should be pressed, and the result
was that nothing was done. Now, sir, that
commiitee will be deluged with these cases,
and there will be no end to the difficulty and
harassment, both of that committee and of
Congress, until you provide, by some general
bill, a mode and manner of prompt and thor-
ough investigation of these claim cases.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I can-
not resist the proposition of the Senator hav-
ing in charge these piivate bills ; but, before
this bill passes from the attention of the Sen-
ate, I desire to say that I hope as soon as we
get through the bills that are not objected to
we shall very earnestly urge the consideration
of this one. I wish simply to add another
thing, that I did not indorse the doctrine of
the Senator from Massachusetts, that bceause
claims are likely to amount to a large sum of
money therefore they ought not to be paid;
and 1 repudiate the doctrine of the Senator
from Illinois, that this claimant ought to bear
his proportion of the public burdens, or,
rather, his application of that idea to this par-
ticular claimant. He is willing to bear his pro-
portion, but he did not think it right, and I do
not think it right, that the Government should
stiip his land of very valuable improvements
and then say to him that he shall bear that
entire loss and the public not share with him
in it.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I know
something about this claimant whose premises
were used. I do not think the committee have
got the damages too high; they might, per-
haps, have been put higher without impro-
priety ; but I want to enter my protest against
the doctrine enunciated by the Senator from
Massachusetts, that we are to disallow all these
claims, because if we do not we shall have a
vast amount of claims on the Government.
Mr. President, there cannot be a very large
amount of these claims in the loyal States.
This is very different from taking lands, timber,
property in the rebel States during the conduct
of the war. Here is land that was taken by the
Government from necessity in a loyal State, and
the claim for its use or for damages done to it
is just as honest, to the extent it goes, as a claim
for payment for quartermasters' stores. I
would appeal to the sense of justice of that Sen-
ator himself what can the Government offer as
an objection to the payment of actual damages
done to a piece of property taken in the loyal
States for the purpose of organizing troops ? If
damages have been inflicted upon property, if
a man's property is taken by the Government
for its uses, and he suffers greatly by that use
•of it, it is dishonest in the Government to
refuse to consider that claim, just as much so
as it would be to refuse to pay a debt con-
tracted in any other way. What is the differ-
ence '! If the Government takes provisions,
or contracts for them, it is bound to pay for
them if it takes them from a loyal man in a
loyal State; and if it takes his property, his
real estate, and uses it, why should it not pay
him for it ?
Mr. President, I want to make a general
remark here. While there are a great many
spurious claims brought up against the Govern-
ment, some of which are allowed from time to
time, 1 undertake to sa,y that the Government
often inflicts the foulest injustice, and that
claims which are right and honest in them-
selves and which involve a man's whole for-
tune, the interests of himself and his family,
are often put aside without even a considera-
tion. The Government has no more right to
do a wrong of that kind than a private indi-
vidual. I know of some claims which have
been pending here for years that have had no
'attention paid to them, which are honest, and
because they have not been paid the owners
of them have been- involved in almost total
ruin.
I know it is somewhat popular, or at least is
so regarded by some, to refuse to pay all claims,
to say " the Government will pay nothing, be-
cause if the Government pays anything it will
be overwhelmed." Sir, that is not the right
principle. The Government will some time or
other pay these claims. They will be pressed,
and pressed until they are paid; and wherever
there is an honest one that is clearly made out
it might as well be allowed now as at any time.
But the claims of this character, to which the
Senator from Massachusetts alludes, cannot be
very large. I make a broad distinction be-
tween claims of this character in the loyal
States, where the Government has taken prop-
erty for the purpose of organizing camps of
instruction or building up camps of organiza-
tion, and claims for the taking of property in
the southern States for carrying on the war.
If you undertake to pay the latter class they
will bankrupt the Government; but the other
class, of which the one before the Senate is an
example, do not amount to very much. Where
the Government has taken a man's property in
the city of Indianapolis or of any other place
in the North, and used it for the purpose of
there organizing troops, and it has been dam-
aged, it is just as honest to pay for it as to pay
for any other debt that could possibly be created.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to postpone the further
consideration of the bill until to morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
GISOKGE B. HFLSTBAD.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 128) for the relief of George
B. Halstead was read the second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to appropriate a sum sufficient to pay
George B. Halstead the regular compensation
of first lieutenant in the Army of the United
States from the 11th of November, 1SG1, to
April 1, 1862.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, and was read the third time, and passed.
EEALS AXD DIXON.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate^ori
ceed to the consideration of House joiul abs-
olution No. 217.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 217) for the relief of
Beals & Dixon was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to cause the
accounts of Beals & Dixon, for the delivery
of material after May 1,18G1, under their con-
tracts with the United States, to be adjusted and
paid, allowing to them such additional prices
for material delivered after May 1, 1801, as
they may be >ustly entitled to under the pro-
visions of their supplementary contract dated
January 1, 1857, the same to be adjusted by
the proper officer and in the manner named
in the contract.
Mr. JOHNSON. I should like to know why
that account cannot be settled now without any
additional legislation.
Mr. HOWE. I was about to state. The
case is somewhat peculiar, and I feel bound to
state to the Senate the point involved in it. The
point is very simple. On the 10th of October,
1855, Beals & Dixon, this firm, contracted with
the Treasury Department to furnish the granite
for the south wing of the new Treasury build-
ing. The contract was reduced to writing. The
only part of it that I need read is the last clause,
which is:
"It is also agreed and understood by and between
the parties hereto that the saicl parties of the sccond
part are to furnish the material lor the outside of
the remainder of the Treasury building at the prices
heretofore named for similar work, when Congress
may have made the necessary appropriations there-
for : Provided, That at that time it is deemed for the
interest of the United States to employ them."
' The contract to furnish the granite for the
south wing was to be completed withiu two
years, and was completed. On the 1st of Jatm-
uary, 1857, this addition was made to tho
contract:
Congress having made an appropriation continu-
ing the ext^sion ot the Treasury building, and it
being deemed to the interest uf the United States
that the parties ot the second part should furnish the
material for the outside of the remainder of the
building and above the cellar wall, pursuant to the
last clause of the within contract, it is hereby agreed
by and between the parties to the within contract
that the parties of the second part shall furnish the
material required for the said extension as above
rioted, in all respects as provided in the within con-
tract, and at the same price and within a reasonablo
time, and any departure from these conditions, or
changes, increasing or lessening the cost of mate-
rials, and any and all differences growing out of this
extension of the contract shall be adjudged by the
superintendent of the work upon pro rata principles,
and the decision of the superintendent shall be final
between the parties."
Under this contract the petitioners went on
delivering granite until in March, 1859, when,
by the order of the Department, they were
stopped from delivering any more granite for
the time being, and that continued for about
two years. Sometime in the year 1801 they
were ordered to proceed again with the deliv-
ery. In the meantime the cost of procuring
and delivering this material had greatly en-
hanced, as the petitioners allege. This change
increased the cost of doing the work, as they
say, and they insisted that, under this clause
of the contract, the superintendent should ad-
just this additional cost of procuring the mate-
rial upon the*principles of the contract. The
Secretary of the Treasury, it seems, had some
doubt as to whether he could make that adjust-
ment or not, and thereupon these petitioners
came to Congress, and Congress passed a reso-
lution, approved May 2, 1866, providing:
" That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby au-
thorized to cause the accounts of Beals & Dixon,
for deliveries of material after May 1, 1861, under
their contract with the United States, to be adjusted
and paid, allowing to said Beals & Dixon bucli
additional prices for material delivered after May
1,1861, as, in his opinion, they may bejustly entitled
to under the provisions of their supplementary eon-
tract, dated January 1,1857: Provided, That, in tho
opinion of the Attorney General, said Beals & Dixon
have a legal c].aim upon the United States for an
increase of pyiees under said contract."
Undejffhat resolution the question was re-
ferrejM'O the Attorney General to say whether
they had a legal claim under the contract upon
e Government for this increased cost of pro-
curing the material, and Attorney General
Speed decided that they had not. His opinion
was before the committee. I do not care to
take the time of the Senate by reading his
opinion. The committee have not drawn an
opinion in reply to it; but it all turns on the
language in the supplementary contract which
I have read. The committee were of the opin-
ion that they had a legal claim. I am not sure
but that there was one member of the commit-
tee who dissented from that view, but all the
members of the committee were of opinion that
they had an equitable claim, and thai the mode
provided in the contract itself was an equitable
mode of adjusting the matter ; and to that end
they have reported this joint resolution, which
has already passed the House of Representa-
tives, and which provides that this additional
cost shall be adjusted in the mode provided in
the contract itself by the superintendent of the
work.
Mr. JOHNSON. His judgment to be con-
clusive?
Mr. HOWE. His judgment to be conclusive.
It is within the knowledge of every Senator that
the delay from 1859 to 18G1 must have opera-
ted injuriously, because everybody knows, it is
matter of common fame, that the cost of doing
all sorts of work has been much higher since
that period than it was for the two years or any
years previous to that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Was it not suspended
after 1861?
Mr. HOWE.' No, sir; at least that does not
appear.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it was.
Mr. HOWE. 1 do not understand that there
is any claim for any such suspension. Now,
sir, where there was no pretense of a contract
to that effect, Congress basin several instances
