1258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
however, materially from the two termini of the
road.
Mr. POMEROY. There can beno objection
to such a variation as the surveyors may find
necessary.
Mr. HARLAN. I think the phraseology is
sufficient to guard the point the Senator has in
view.
Mr. POMEROY. But when settlers have
taken land, if you vary the line very much, it
always works a hardship upon those who have
taken lands when the line has been duly located
and the map returned and filed. The Senator
proposes an amendment that the line shall be
located within the grant, which is some ten or
fifteen miles. I do not know, however, that it
changes the location of any settlers.
Mr. HARLAN. The amendment, as I pro-
pose it, requires the company to build the road
on the most available route within the limits
of thejand grant, permitting them to vary from
the old line as originally laid down in their
maps filed in the land office.
Mr. GRIMES. Precisely what they could
do if the committee's amendment were not
adopted.
Mr. HARLAN. _ What they can do now
under this law if this amendment proposed by
the committee be not adopted. The objection
I have to the committee's amendment is that
it requires them to build exactly on that line;
they cannot vary a hair'3 breadth; and they
may find it very inconvenient, that is, very
expensive, to build on that exact fine, when
by varying half a mile or a mile, more or less,
from that they might avoid very serious ob-
structions.
Mr. POMEROY. The only objection I can
see to the amendment is that I think they may
vary ten miles.
Mr. HARLAN. I will say to the Senator
that I have consulted with my two colleagues
in the House of Representatives who represent
the two districts through which this road is
proposed to be built, and they concur in this
amendment. There is a perfect agreement
between them and myself and my colleague
here, as I understand.
Mr. POMEROY. The amendment of the
Senator then leaves the provision substantially
as it passed the House before.
Mr. HARLAN. That feature of it substan-
tially as it passed the House.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment as amended.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not think I can
support that amendment, and I examined this
question with some care in the committee.
This grant was made in 1850; under the in-
structions and regulations of the General Land
Office the route was located by the company,
after which the State made the grant of land
to the company. That route under the law
was reported to the General Land Office. It
had to be on the most direct practicable line.
The General Land Office never requires that it
shall be on the direct route, but that the engin-
eers of the company shall locate the route upon
the most direct practicable line. That con-
struction was given to the acts of Congress.
But when the company reported a final loca-
tion, and that location was approved by the
Commissioner of the General Land Office and
by the Secretary of the Interior, it became, in
the judgment of that office, a fixed thing; and
the effect of it was to vest in the State, subject
to the forfeiture provided, the lands granted,
six miles on each side of the line, and then the
right to select within fifteen miles on each side.
Of course, as soon as the grant was adjusted
in the land office the outside and remaining
lands were restored to_ market. Now you
change the location of this road five miles, and
you change the lands granted altogether.
Mr. HARLAN. Not at all.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think you do. If
you do not you have this effect—and I wish
the Senator from Iowa to consider it, because,
in my judgment, it affects the landholders and
farmers that he represents—Congress has pro-
vided that the persons purchasing the remain-
ing sections shall pay $2 50 an acre upon the
proposition that the construction of the rail-
road will make that land worth $2 50 an acre.
When a purchaser sees the location of the
road he knows how near to that road his lands
will be ; he knows that according to the pres-
ent location land that he pays §2 50 an acre
for cannot be more than six miles from the
railroad. Now, you change the location of this
road to the extent you propose, which will be
fifteen miles, and he may bo throv. n twenty-
one miles from the railroad; or if you claim that
your construction of your language will be that
you may change it six miles, he may be placed
twelve miles from the railroad instead of six
miles, making a very material difference in the
value of the land which he paid $2 50 an acre
for.
I submit to the Senate whether that is right.
If you leave the grant as now adjusted, but
change the location of the road, you make some
men's lands worth $2 50 when they paid but
$1 25 for them, and you make other men's
lands worth $1 25 who have paid $2 50 for
them. I do not think the principle is right.
It is also suggested, and it ought to be consid-
ered, I think, by the Senators from Iowa, that
in the mean time the proposed construction
of this road has induced the laying out and
building up of towns, perhaps, along the pro-
posed route. These are investments based upon
the action of Congress, based upon the report
from the State, and approved by the executive
department of the Government. I do not think
that this proportion is right.
Mr. IlAltLAN. Much that the Senator
says is perhaps true, worthy of some consider-
ation at least. I would state, however, that the
Senators from the State and the two members
of the other House who represent these dis-
tricts perhaps are as competent to judge of the
local disadvantages and advantages that may
arise from a possible change as the Senator
from Indiana. I am willing myself to take the
chances of my judgment about that individ-
ually. I will say, also, that this part of the
road not yet constructed runs through the least
populated part of the State. It is a very
sparsely populated part of the State ; there are
110 large towns on that part of the line, and no
towns, you may say, that count any very con-
siderable number of people. This is precisely
what Congress did, at the request of myself and
my colleague, here in the Senate, three or four
years ago, with relation to lines that run through
the populous parts of Iowa, and we have not
been annoyed by any complaint from our con-
stituents along those lines. They all appre-
ciate the necessity of giving the constructing
company an opportunity to vary their lines
somewhat from the original location when
they find serious obstructions in the way ; and
this does not require them to change the line
of the road, but permits them to vary it some-
what. They may build it on the precise line
surveyed, but it grants them the same privi-
lege that has been granted by Congress to each
of the other parallel lines of road being con-
structed acrosi the State, of which no com-
plaint has been made.
Mr. GRIMES. I can assure the Senator
from Indiana that, according to my knowledge,
all of the towns that are 011 the line of the road
are embraced as points through which the road
shall be" run, so that there cannot be any ob-
stacle of that kind ; and, from what I know of
the topography of the country and what I have
heard of it, my only fear is, that unless the
company is permitted to make some slight de-
viations from the route established in lfc>57 the
road will never be built, and that the State
will be injured by its non-construction, and the
parties who bought the alternate sections at
§2 50 an acre will be injured to a still greater
extent. As has been said by my colleague, this
road runs through the most sparsely settled
portions of the State of Iowa. In some coun-
ties along its line there is hardly any popula-
tion at all. It is very desirable that the road
should be built. It was located at a time when
the topography of the country was very little
understood; it is much better understood now,
and all that is sought is that the company shall
be permitted to make such slight deviations
from the route established in 1857 as shall be
necessary, confining themselves all the time
within the original grant. This is just what was
done in regard to the Rock Island road, just
what was done in regard to the Burlington and
Missouri river road in my State; and, I think, a
similar thing has been-done in regard to other
roads in other States.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not wish the Sena-
tor from Iowa to think that I desired to place
any inconvenience in the way of the construc-
tion of the road.
Mr. GRIMES. I did not sa understand.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If he will provide in
the amendment, although I think it is now the
law, that the Commissioner of the General
Land Office may give his approval to such
change of location as experience and engineer-
ing show to be necessary to secure the con-
struction of the road, I will not object to it:
but to give the president, the engineer, and
the other operators of the road the right to
change the route, so as to run by some pro-
posed town site or city site that they intend to
establish, I will not vote for. I know, Mr.
President, that these grants have become in
some localities offensive because of the specu-
lation that has grown up under them, and I do
not intend, so far as I am a member of the
Public Land Committee, to be responsible for
an extension of the possibility of that. I am
willing to waive the forfeiture, to give them
further time to build the road, but I am not
willing in general terms to say that they may
change the location, which will enable the
men who have these roads in charge to specu-
late at the expense of the public.
Mr. HARLAN. I will state to the Senator
that this bill and the bill it proposes to amend
make a grant of this land to the State of Iowa,
not to any land-grant company; and I consider
that the Legislature of that State are compe-
tent to take care of the local interests of the
people within the limits of this grant, and if
they should conclude that the road ought to be
built on this precise line doubtless in making
a grant to some company they will guard that
point. It clothes the Legislature of the State
with the power to make this variation, and I
deem tliem perfectly competent to take care
of the interests of the locality.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Does the Senator say
that this is a grant to the State now?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly it is.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The State has already
disposed of the grant to a particular company,
as I recollect now, and that company is the
owner of the grant.
Mr. HARLAN. Not at all. The time has
expired limited in the State law granting the
land to the company, and the State lias
resumed, or is about to resume, the grant, and
this is the reason that I desire the speedy action
of the Senate, in order that the State may
again be clothed with full power to dispose of
the land for the construction of the road.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not think the con-
struction of the road has anything to do with
this; it is a question whethe'r the"land is for-
feited to the United States, not to the State.
The. Government of the United States now pro-
poses to waive the forfeiture and to say that
the grant may be as perfect as if it had been
four years longer in the first place, and I say
that that will go to the benefit of the State's
grantee.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator would hardly
contend that the State could not make a con-
tract with a third party which should become
void at a given period fox- a failure to comply
on its part.
_ Mr. GRIMES. I will simply observe that,
111 so-far as the interest of this company is
concerned in relation to these lands, it is their
interest to run where the route was originally
located, because their lands are about equally
divided 011 each side of that original line, it
having been run there in 1857; and now, when
