2282
TUB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8>
awarded this extra cost. It has done it in the
case of contracts for building vessels, and it did
it in the case of contractors who furnished the
material for the Dome of the Capitol; and in
this case, if there were no pretend of a con-
tract, I take it Congress might say it would take
the testimony and itself adjust the price; but
this resolution, following the provision made
in the contract, refers it to the superintendent
of the work to adjust that amount. My own
judgment is that that is as safe a reference as
could "bo made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the architect.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir. If the Committee
on Claims undertook to take the testimony
they would be in the main controlled by the
testimony of the architect; probably his testi-
mony would be as satisfactory as any testimony
that could be obtained. The committee deemed
this the most convenient, mode, the fairest one
of settling it, even if there was nothing but an
equitable claim before us; but it was the opin-
ion of nearly the whole, if not the whole, of the
committee, that the rights of the petitioners
were regulated by the contract itself, and by
the terms of that contract they had a right to
have this adjusted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I knew
something about this claim on the part of these
gentlemen. It so happened that while I was
in the Treasury Department application was
made to me to readjust the prices under this
contract. I examined the contract very care-
fully, and came to the conclusion that I had no
power to do it; that it was not within my legal
competency as Secretary of tho Treasury to
readjust the matter, but that these gentlemen
must come to Congress. They came to Con-
gress with this resolution, or one somewhat like
it, which they desired to have passed. They
put it upon a legal ground, that tney bad a legal
claim upon the Government for a larger price,
and particularly for some damages that they
had incurred, I think, in consequence of the
fact that their wharf was taken possession of
by the Government and used, and they were
put to some extra expense in the way of haul-
ing, &c. Congress did not act 011 the case
while I was in tho Department. The matter
then came to the Committee on Finance, of
which I was a member at that time, and -I
had some conversation with Mr. Dixon. I
found that ho was still disposed to put it upon
the legal ground, to assert that he had a legal
claim. I told him that in my judgment he had
no legal claim; I examined it carefully as a
lawyer; but as he was disposed to put it upon
that ground I drew the resolution so as to leave
it in that shape, that if the contractors had a
legal claim it should be enforced, and for that
purpose I put in a clause that it should bo re-
ferred to the Attorney General to decide whether
they had a legal claim or not. It was so re-
ferred, and the Attorney General decided in
accordance with the opinion which I had ex-
pressed and which I entertain now, that there
was no such claim in law.
While I say this, sir, I say very distinctly
that I think these gentlemen have a strong,
equitable claim upon the consideration of Con-
gress to be allowed more than they have re-
ceived. They have gone on in spite of tho
very great increase of prices with remarkable
energy and a disposition to fulfill their contract
to the letter, cost what it would or be the con-
sequences what they might; and they have, so
far as I am aware, and I have no doubt it is
so, fulfilled that contract very considerably to
their own loss. I think Mr. Beals, however,
died some time since, and Mr. Dixon is the
only one now living of the original contractors.
They have at any rate done their wprk well
and faithfully and thoroughly. I believe no
fault is found with them in that particular.
Under the circumstances presented I had
the impression at the time, and I have it now,
that these gentlemen have a strong, equitable
claim upon the consideration of Congress. I
am perfectly willing to vote for a bill which
shall put the matter in such shape as to give
them what they ought to receive. What that
may be I do not know. I believe no prices
are fixed in the contract except the first prices,
which might be varied afterward according to
circumstances.
I doubt very much whether the resolution 011
the table will reach their case, for it strikes
me—I have just looked at it—that it confines
them to the legal claim. It goes upon the
ground that there is a power to readjust exist-
ing ; and from the words of it I am afraid that
if it passes as it stands they will meet with tho
same difficulties again that they have met here-
tofore, and it will be contended that they have
110 legal claim under the contract. I am per-
fectly willing to vote for the resolution in any
shape that will be safe, which will accomplish
the purpose of making them an equitable and
fair allowance for what they have done.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the reading of
the particular part of the resolution which au-
thorizes the readjustment of the account.
The Secretary read as follows:
" Allowing to said JJeals & Dixon such additional
prices for material delivered alter May 1, 1801, as
they may be justly entitled to, under tho provisions
of their supplementary contract dated January 1,
1857; the samo to bo adjusted by tho proper officer
and in the manner named in tho contract."
Mr. JOHNSON. I am not sure that the
Attorney General .is right in his construction
of that contract, and of course I am not sure
that the honorable member from Maine is cor-
rect, although the fact that they have both con-
curred in giving that opinion is entitled to tho
consideration of the Senate. If they be right
1 submit to the honorable chairman of the
committee that perhaps the claimant will
be in the situation in which he is after we
pass this measure. If I understand it, the
matter is to be adjusted upon tho principles
of the contract of 1857. If by that contract
they are not entitled to be paid tho additional
expense to which they have been subjected I
should be very apprehensive that under this
resolution they would receive nothing. My
own impression is, and it was very strong until
the honorable member from Maine expressed
a contrary opinion, that under that contract
they had a legal claim; but if that bo doubt-
ful, and that should be the continuing opinion
of the Department, they might get nothing
under the resolution as it stands. The prob-
ability is that such is the general usage of
^Kj'Attorney General's otlice that oven if the
construction of that contract was referred
again to that office the Attorney General
would consider it as settled by the opinion of
his predecessor, and, if so, the parties would
have to stand upon the contract, not being
relieved as to that, I fear, by the frame of the
particular resolution. 1 submit, therefore, to
the honorable chairman that he had better use
some general phraseology which will clearly
authorize the superintendent to settle the claim
upon principles of equity and justice, inde-
pendent of any legal construction of tho eon-
tract of 1857. •
Mr. DAVIS. I will suggest an amendment
that 1 think will meet the difficulty. I propose
to insert in line eleven, after" 1857," the words
"and upon principles of equity and justice."
Mr. FESSENDEN. That would be rather
too indefinite, I think. I understand, how-
ever, that they prefer to take the resolution as
it is now rather than to run the hazard of send-
ing it back again to the House of Representa-
tives. That being the case, I shall make no
objection to it.
Mr. HOWE. This joint resolution was drawn
by the House committee and passed by the
House of Representatives, and comes to the
Senate from our committee as it came to the
committee from the House of Representatives.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand that the
claimants prefer to have it just as it is.
Mr. HO WE. I am inclined to think there
will not be any serious doubt as to the mean-
ing of the resolution. If there is it can be
cleared up by a subsequent enactment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I would not
amend it. My suggestion was made for their
benefit.
Mr. HOWE. I hope the Senator from Ken-
tucky will withdraw his amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I do so. I still believe that
the opinion of the Attorney General was grossly
incorrect. I have no doubt about that in my
own mind.
The PRESIDENT^ro tempore. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate,"ordered to a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
COMMITTEE SERVICE,
Mr. CONNESS. I rise to ask the Senate
to excuse me from further service upon the
Committee on lie vol utionary Claims.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on granting the request of the Senator
from California.
The request was granted.
CHAKM2S E. CAPEHART.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 473.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 473) for the relief of Charles E. Capehart
was read tho second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It is a direction
to the Paymaster General of the Army to pay
to Charles E. Capehart, late captain of com-
pany A, of the first regiment of West Virginia
cavalry volunteers, the pay and allowances of
a captain of cavalry from the 2d day of July,
18G2, to the 1st day of March, 18G3, and after
deducting therefrom any sums of money here-
tofore paid Capehart by the pay department for
his services for that time ; but he is to present
the usual certificates required by the rules of
the pay department upon final payment of
volunteer officers.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
DAN ELLIS.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, the bill (S. No.
474) for the relief of Captain Dan Ellis was read
the second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It proposes to appropriate
the sum of $3,000 to Captain Dan Ellis, of Car-
ter county, in the State of Tennessee, in com-
pensation for his services as scout, pilot, and
recruiting agent, volunteered in the cause of the
Government, from 1861 to 1805, during the late
war.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to hear the
report of that case.
Mr. HOWE. This bill was reported yester-
day, and the report is not yet in print, but I
will state the character of the case upon which
the bill is founded.
This man Ellis is a resident of eastern Ten-
nessee, and he was there at the outset of the
war. The testimony shows that he was one of
those fervent East Tennesseean patriots, who,
when that community were taken possession
of by the rebel army, devoted himself to the
work of getting out from the community and
within the Federal lines such of his fellow-citi-
zens as he could; that he spent his whole time
in that work ; that he took out through the lines
several thousand people. I have not the facts
before me just now ; but I think tho testimony
shows that about two regiments in our Army
were composed of Tennesseeans whom he took
out of that community, and procured to enlist
in our Army. He continued in this service up
to the spring of 1805, and then was commis-
sioned a captain in one of the Tennessee regi-
ments. Of course there is no legal claim rest-
ing on the Government, but it was a character
of_ service which the committee thought re-
quired some acknowledgment, and they have
reported a bill which gives him the pay of a
captain for two years!
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
C.N. GOULDING.
Mr. HOWE. I now ask the Senate to take
up some bills reported to-day, but I suppose
