SUPPLEMENT TO
responsible; the ministers arc; and therefore
any order which the king gives contrary to law
is executed by his ministers on their own re-
sponsibility, and not upon that of the sovereign.
In the United States it is wholly otherwise; the
responsibility is on the President; bat among
other responsibilities which it involves is the
responsibility to seek and weigh and consider
the advice which it is proper for him to receive.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Mr. President, I
shall not pursue the discussion as to whether
advice given by the Cabinet to the President
would be competent, because it is agreed by
the counsel for the President last up that this
was neither- to get advice, nor was there any-
thing in the nature of advice.
it is said that it is an official act. I had
supposed up to this moment—ay, and I sup-
pose now—that there is no act that can be
called an official act ot'an officer which is not
an act required by some law or some duty im-
posed upon that officer. Am I right in my
ideas of what is an official act? It is not
every volunteer aet by an officer that is official.
Frequently such acts are officious, not official.
An official act, allow me to say, is an act which
the law requires, or a duty which is enjoined
upon the officer by some law, or some regula-
tion, or in some manner as a duty. Will the
learned counsel tell the Senate what constitu-
tional provision, what statute provision, what
practice of the Government requires the Pres-
ident at any time to inform his Cabinet or any
member of them whatever that ho has removed
one mail and put in another, and that that
other man is in office? if there is any such
law it has escaped my attention. I am not
aware of it.
The only law that ever has been made on
this subject is the law of March 2, 1807, which
requires the President, to inform one member
of his Cabinet, to wit, tlie Secretary of the
Treasury, when he suspends an officer, and
then requires the Secretary of the Treasury to
inform the accounting officers of the Treasury,
so that that suspended officer shall by no acci-
dent get his salary. Up to that time there
never was any law requiring any such informa-
tion, and that law is a special one for a special
purpose; and, in the case of the suspension of
Mr. Stanton, was carried out by the President,
he sending to the Secretary privately—spe-
cially, 1 should say, rather than privately—
seudmg to the Secretary specially the (act. that
ttiere had been such removal, and the Secre-
tary, as we have proved by Mr. Creeey, in-
formed his subordinates as the aet, of March
2, 1807, the tenure of civil office act required.
If i am right, Senators, and there is no
official duly on the President to inform his
Cabinet, whether in session or out of session,
whether just as they broke up or after they
had got through the routine of business, or at
any other time, as to such a proceeding on his
part, then I undertake to say it is not an official
act; it is an act required by no law, by no
practice, so far as it is in evidence here, and by
no duty.
Now, then, what is offered? He had done
the act. While the counsel took exception to
my stating to the Senate that it was in evidence
that this was not a consultion of the Cabinet,
that the Cabinet had never consulted upon the
removal of Mr. Stanton in the manner and
form in which it was done, and that was fairly
to begathered from Mr. Secretary Welles'stesti-
mony, yet, 1 observe that he did not state to
the Senate that the Cabinet ever was consulted
with upon the question of removing Mr. Stan-
ton in manner and form as it was done; and
whenever he or anybody does state it, I have
the President's declarations, which I can prove,
that it was not so. Therefore, I assume it
never will be stated.
Now, then, what is offered ? Stanton has
been removed by the act of the President; and
thereupon, without askingadvice—because ihat
is expressly waived by the learned counsel last
addressing us—uot as a matter of advice, the
President gives information. Now, how can
that information be evidence ? How can he
make it evidence ? The information is required
by no law, was given for no purpose to carry
out any official duty, was the mere nairation
of what the President chose to narrate at that
time.
More than that, sir; it is said that this must
prove the case of the President; and the gravity
with which it was argued by both counsel shows
the importance they place upon it. It is said
this must prove the case of the President, be-
cause it proves that then he had no idea of
using force. I should have no objection to
grant that at that moment he had no idea of
using force, because he at that, time supposed
that Mr. Stanton had yielded the office, and
there was no occasion to use force.
Therefore he had no idea of force at that
moment of time, if he told the truth. lie says,
" Stanton is out and Thomas is in ; and it is
all settled." Then he did not mean to use
force. But what did he mean to do in case
Stanton resisted, as Stanton did resist? That
is the question for the Senate. What did he
contemplate? What had been in his mind?
General Sherman lets it out here that he and
the President said somethingabout force. Gen-
eral Sherman uses the word '"force." Where
did he get that idea? Sherman, with groat
caution, says, "I agree that I do not know
that lie said anything from which I got the idea
of force; so that 1 could say what he said, or
that he said anything from which I had a right
to infer it.'' But he said something from which
Sherman did infer it, and he put the word
'■ force" here before you of his own free will
and accord. It bore on his mind; and when
the learned Senator [Mr. Howard] asked what
force was meant, what dill the President say
about force, Sherman said-—1 give the sub-
stance now—"I cannot say what he said that
would justify ine in using the word 'force.'"
The record is before you, Senators. You will
correct me if 1 am wrong; but I think I am
exactly right in substance.
That testimony being in, and other testi-
mony, how does the President's narration,
after he thought Stanton had given up the
office peaceably, (when, if I may use a com-
mon phrase, lie was chuckling over the fact to
his Cabinet that he had got possession of the
office easier than lie expected to do,) form a
piece of evidence in this case ? How can it, Le
put in ? Senators, you may think this piece of
evidence, and perhaps you in some of your
decisions have proceeded upon that hypoth-
esis—d have no right to know, but 1 trust with-
out offense I may suggest it-—you may think
that this particular piece of evidence does not
weigh much, and that, perhaps, it is best to let
it in because it does not weigh much. But the
counsel on the other side think itweighs heav-
ily, for both of them argue it with great, care.
1 say you may put it upon that ground ; but it
lays the foundation for other information, ot her
declarations to the other members of the Cab-
inet, ; and I do not know where you can stop ;
and whenever you attempt to stop you simply
involve yourselves, 1 respectfully submit, in an
inconsistency, that you ruled in what was said
to Mr. Welles and refused to rule in what was
said to Mr. A or Mr. 13 thereafter; for it is
impossible, in my judgment, to distinguish the
cases.
As yet I have not heard any legal distinction
between the case of Perrin and the case of
Welles, between what was said to Perrin and
what was said to Welles. The only distinction
is, that one was a Cabinet officer and the other
was not; but is that a legal distinction, when
they themselves admit, that it was not sub-
mitted to the Cabinet officer for the purpose of
asking advice, or for any like purpose ? It is
a mere piece of information. Nor do they stop
there. They then propose to put in what the |
President, thought he would do. That is the
offer. Now can that be evidence? Can you
distinguish it from the cause of Perrin yester-
day ; 1 mean by any legal distinction?
Mr. EVARTS. Mr. Chief .Justice and Sen-
ators, I connected this piece of evidence, which
I suppose may rightfully be introduced as a
part of the action of the President, with pre-
vious testimony that had been given as to what
his expectation was would happen on the part,
of Mr. Stanton when he should make an order
for his removal, as made known to us in the
testimony of General Sherman; and I cannot
consent to that testimony being either miscon-
ceived or misrepresented. That witness said
"something was said about force, and then the
President said there will he no occasion for
that, because Mr. Stanton will retire;" and in
answer to the question of the honorable Sen-
ator from Michigan as to what was said about
force the witness assumed to himself that all
that was said about force, all that, had the idea
of force in it, proceeded from himself in the
form of his question as to what would happen
in case Mr. Stanton should resist or refuse,
and then, not only by an absolute exclusion
of the idea that the President used any words
of force from his, the President's, mouth, or
raised a notion that there might be an oppor-
tunity or occasion for force, proceeded to say,
with that precision which marked all Ins re-
flective and deliberate testimony, "The Pres-
ident did not convey to my mind any idea that
force was to be used."
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Senators, the
Chief Justice thinks that this evidence is
admissible. It has. as he thinks, important
relation to the res gesta, the very transaction
which forms the basis of several of ihe articles
of impeachment,mnd he thinks it also ent irely
proper to be taken into consideration in form-
ing an enlightened judgment upon the intent
oi the President. lie will put the question to
the Senate if any Senator desires it.
Mr. CUAGIN. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon it. If it is in order I will ask that the
oiler to prove made yesterday in the case of
the witness Perrin may he read.
The yeas and na^s were ordered.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. No debate is in
order. The Secretary will call the roll.
Mr. CON NESS. The Senator from New
Hampshire calls fur the reading of a question.
The CHIEF J USTICE. Vv hat question ?
Mr. CONNESS. The question proposed to
be put yesterday to another witness, which
was then voted upon.
The CHIEF J USTICE. The Secretary will
read the question.
The Chief Clerk being unable to find the
written offer yesterday submitted,
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Here is the Globe.
You can read it from that.
The Chief Clerk read the offer to prove in
the case of the witness 13. O. Perrin, yester-
day, from the Globe, as follows:
" Wc offer to ruove that the President then stated
that, he had issued ail Older tor the retmHal of Mr.
Stanton and the employment of General Thorn..s lo
peiionn tlie duties ad inteiim; [hat tbtreuspon Sir.
Perrm said, 'Supposing Mr. Stanton shouid oppose
the orucr.' Tue President lephed. 'Teerc is no d m-
ser ot* that, tor General Thomas is already m the
otliee.' lie then added, 'It is only a tempoiaiy
au-an<*etiiont: I sha 1 send in to the Semite at onee
a good nauio foi the otliee.'"
Mr. CONKLING. What was the time
referred to in that question ?
ilr. SUMNEli. What was the vote of the
Senate on that?
The CHIEF .1 UST1CE. The Secretary will
read the vote of the Senate on that subject.
The Seciietaiit. On this question the yeas
were 0 and the nays 37.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 should like to know
how the Senator from Massachusetts voted
upon it. [Laughter.]
The CIUEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read, in answer to the question, the vote in
full.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object. All this is in
the nature of argument.
The CHIEF J USTICE, The Chief Justice
thinks it all out of order : but lest there
might be some misapprehension he did not
interpose.
Mr. HOWARD. I should like to hear a
word further from the counsel for the accused
upon the subjects embraced in the questions
which I send to the desk and ask the Seere-
