3306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
to indicate to the House the classes of persons
■which, as one, I would desire early to relieve
from disabilities. The common idea has been
that where a man wag originally opposed to
secession and after the war had intervened,
gave up his Union sentiments end went into
the war in behalf of the confederacy, such a
man should receive the first attention. Sir. I
am opposed to that view, because those men
when they became secessionists became by far
the most bitter, for the reason that, having
opposed secession, they had to go further than
the original secessionists in order to show their
allegiance to the cause, and feeling -that they
had fallen from their high estate, you will find
them to-day all over the South the most bitter,
the most untrustworthy and unreliable men.
There are two classes of men who in my
judgment should receive early attention at the
hands of the loyal Congress. They are the
men—and they were very few, but their pau-
city in numbers makes them the more select—
they are the men who stood firm during the
whole time when the waves of secession beat
around them, and they blenched not and gave
not way, standing firm for the right. That
class of men I hold higher thaD even theUnion
men at the North, because we had something
to restrain us which they had not.
The class that 1 would deal with next is the
class of men born in the South, brought up
with southern ideas, and honestly believing
that secession was right, for there were brave
and gallant men who did believe so, and who,
believing that they were right,, fought for the
cause which they espoused with valor, with
energy, with fortitude, and fought to the end.
And when that end had come honestly and in
good faith they accepted the verdict; they sub-
mitted to the great arbitrament of the sword,
nnd from that time henceforth became true
Union men, as they were before true confed-
erates. They are men who, having done all
they could for what they believed to be right,
have in good faith accepted the judgment ren-
dered upon the field of battle, and from that
time forward have been true Union men as
' they are to-day true Union men.
Now, to give an instance, in orderthat there
may be no misunderstanding upon that sub-
ject, I will venture to call the name of one,
although I have never seen him, to show how
ready I am to forgive, where truth, probity,
and honesty of purpose have characterized the
action of the man. James Longstreet, if I
remember his first name aright, was a pay-
master in the Army of the United States. Of
all the paymasters of the United States who
went into the rebellion, he alone settled up
his accounts with the United States, honestly
and fairly and justly, as he would have done
had he remained in our service. A southern
man, he went into "the lost cause" with all
his heart; he fought nobly and well. And we
can recognizc valor everywhere where it accom-
panies honesty of purpose. He alone of all
the paymasters of our Army who went into the
rebellion settled up every one of his accounts,
and accounted for all the money in his charge.
Then, following what he believed to be his
duty, he went into the confederate army, and
they had no more able or faithful general.
When the rebellion was over, when '' the lost
cause" was lost, he gave his parole, accepted
the situation, and, as I am informed, he thanks
God that slavery, the cause of this war, has
?one down forever. And he is now as true a
Fnion man as he was before a true confeder-
ate. As for me I am as ready to give him my
hand, and every man like him, as I am to give
it to any man, for he has exhibited a truth to
his sentiments, a fidelity to his opinions, and
an honesty of purpose which entitles him and
all like him, to come back into the Union.
" There is more joy in Heaven over one sinner
that repenteth than over ninety and nine good
men that need no repentance."
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FAIiNSWORTH. I now yield five
minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Paine,] my colleague 9n the committee.
Mr. PAINE. I probably ought to make a
brief statement to the House respecting the
mode in which these lists of names have been
prepared in the Senate and in the House, the
evidence upon which the respective commit-
tees of the Senate and the House, and the two
bodies themselves, have been induced to accept
those lists; and also the consideration which
influenced the committee of conference to
adopt this report.
In the first place a bill passed this House
which constitutes the basis of the legislation
upon which we are this day called to act. Of
course it was impossible for this House, or for
the entire Committee on Reconstruction, to
scrutinize each name, and weigh the evidence
applicable to each case. Therefore that duty
was intrusted to a single member of the con-
ference committee, the one for this House
being the acting chairman of the Committee
on Reconstruction, [Mr. Farnsworth,] who
makes this report. He weighed the testimony
relating to each person named in the bill of
the House, and made up his own mind as to
the merits of the application for each indi-
vidual. We accepted the bill he oft'ered upon
the strength of his assurance that he had ex-
amined each case, and was satisfied that each
individual therein named ought to be relieved
by this House and by the Senate of the polit-
ical disabilities he had incurred.
That bill passed this House and went to the
Senate, and the Senate added to it other lists
of names. And the Committee on the Judi-
ciary of the Senate adopted substantially the
same course we had here pursued in ascertain-
ing what names should be included in that bill.
The duty was imposed particularly upon Sen-
ator Stewart, and he assured me, in the con-
ference between the two Houses, that he had
spent a great deal of time in making the exam-
ination, and that no name had passed his
scrutiny without, abundance of evidence suffi-
cient to satisfy him that the person ought to be
relieved by Congress of the political disabilities
he had incurred by his participation in the
rebellion.
There was, however, another bill which
passed this House, which it was my duty to
examine: a bill embracing the names of two
citizens of Arkansas. I carefully examined
their cases, and for reasons which I gave to
this House on a former occasion I was satisfied
that they should be relieved.
Now, the Senate adopted in the bill which
they passed as a substitute for the House bill,
not only the names that went over from the
House, but also the names which had passed
the scrutiny of the Judiciary Committee of the
Senate, and the two names embraced in the
bill which I myself had examined and reported
to this House. And the entire list as agreed
upon was adopted by the conference commit-
tee with the exception of two names—the names
of Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, and Mr. Houston,
of Alabama. Iwouldhavebeen glad,asanindi-
vidual memherof the conference committee, to
have accepted those names. _ I was strongly
inclined to do so, but on inquiry among mem-
bers of this House who were acquainted with
them and their conduct since the passage of
the reconstruction act I ascertained strenuous
opposition would be made here. I regretted
to learn it, but I did ascertain that fact, and
therefore became convinced, as the conference
committee became convinced, that it would be
better to submit these names in another bill.
Now, a few words in reply to the suggestions
of my friend from Indiana, [Mr. Coburn.] It
is not true this bill which comes before the
House as the action of the conference com-
mittee embraces the names of leading politi-
cians in those States who arc sought to be
relieved of their political disabilities incurred
in the rebellion; but the fact is that the great
majority of the names embraced in this bill
arc the names of men who were at the outset
opposed to the rebellion, but who, while the
rebellion was in progress, although in heart
opposed to it, on account of their situation,
their social relations, by reason of the fact that
they resided as they did in the midst of the
rebellion, one for one cause and another tor
another, one in one form and another m another,
were implicated in the rebellion by conin}it mg
acts sufficient to require the relief of this Mouse
order that they may be enfranchised.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman s tune has
eTr.C FARNSWORTH. I yield now for five
minutes to the gentleman from Ohio, LftJr-
Sheltabarger.]   , ..
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, it
is only because this measure is so important as
the introduction to what are for years to come
to be the Government's practices, touching this
supremely Important matter of enabling the
authors of the rebellion to become the lulers
of the Republic, that I venture to say a aw
words; not to afl'ect the votes of others, but
only to explain to my constituents my own.
I do not expect that the result of the vote will
be changed by anything that is now said, i
wish, therefore, only to justify me m the vote
I shall give against this bill.
I will begin, sir, by reading a few words
from the first authority upon the international
law in this nation, and perhaps in the world:
"Conciliatory and not vindictive measures are
demanded by considerations of policy, not tes than
by humanity, in civil war, is strongly maintained by
Olmeda."
I accede to that because it it wise, and be-
cause it has been for centuries, ever since we
have had a modern civilization and an interna-
tional law on the subject, the rule that the
great mass of men engaged in rebellion should
be the subjects of national clemency. But
while I subscribe to that, while the whole
country demands that at our hands, there is
another principle of international law stated
by the same authority equally demanded by
the principles of the public law, by the prac-
tices of all civilized and stable Governments
who, in administering laws, discriminate be-
tween virtue and crime, between patriotism
and treason, and by our national conscience
and its safety. That other principle for which
I insist is thus stated by Wheaton on the same
page from which I have read. I will read two
sentences only from the same authority, touch-
ing that other principle. They are in these
words:
"When the sovereign has conquered the opposite
party and obliged it to demand peace, he may except
from the amnesty the authors of the troubles and the
chiefs of tho party, cause them to be adjudged ac-
cording to the laws, and punish them if foundguilty."
in I read:
" When the sovereign has conquered the party
opposed to him, and obliged it to demand peace, it
is customary to concede to it a general amnesty, ex-
cepting from it the authors and chiefs, whom he may
punish according to the laws."
Now, sir, in these three sentences, I main-
tain before my country and fellow-members,
is embodied the wisdom which has resulted
from the experience of a thousand years, and
especially during the latter half of that thou-
sand years, when this sublime fabric of inter-
national law has been erected for our guidance
and the guidance of all wise nations on this
subject. The authors and contrivers of the
mischief must be excepted from the national
amnesty, must be tried and punished according
to the laws.
Now, why do I say I am opposed to this bill
as one not recognizing these principles'? First,
because the committee has not given to any
of us who are to vote, nor to our country, our
injured country, our country which feels such
intense interest in this matter, in any written
report, any one word showing why any of these
men should be exempted trom the consequences
of their great crime.
We in this bill begin a practice, a policy of
national clemency, stupendous in its conse-
quences. I pray that we may begin wisely and
well. I pray that the Congress and country
may know, when it exempts not oulv
punishment for their immense crime the very
authors and contrivers of thatciimebut. enables
them at once to assume rule in the Republic,
why they ought not to be dealt with according
