1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
it requires unanimous consent to do that.
They are not yet in print, but I think they
will not be disputed. The first one is a bill
for the relief of 0. N. Goulding.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That bill
will be taken up if there be no objection.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 251)
for the relief of Charles N. Goulding, late
quartermaster of volunteers, was considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
The Committee on Claims proposed to
amend the bill by striking out all after the
enacting clause, and inserting the following:
That the sicuounting officers of the Treasury be
nn<l tboy are hereby authorized to allow and place
to the creditof Charles Goulding, latecaptain and
assistant quartermaster, in the linal settlement of
his accounts as such officer, such amounts and sums
as he shall satisfactorily nrove to haT<; been cap-
tured, cither in money or Touchers, by the enemy in
the month of August, 18fi2, while on duty in thoArmy
of Virginia, under Major General John Pope: Pro-
vided, That no greater amount for losses shall so be
passed to his credit than the balance now appearing
against him on the books of the Government.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as
amended, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time, and
passod.
c. o o'neijjl.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of the bill for the
relief of Charles C. O'Neill, reported to-day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent-
There being no objection, the bill (S. No.
4*77) for the relief of Charles C. O'Neill, was
read the second time, and considered in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to appro-
priate $5,301 to Charles C. O'Neill, as balance
due him in the final liquidation of his claim
against the United States under a contract for
the delivery of ten thousand cords of wood to
the officers of the Government near Nashville,
Tennessee, dated December 24, 1864.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ii. d. m'kinney.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill for the
relief of H. D. McKinney, reported to-day.
By unanimous consent,, the bill (S. No. 476)
for the relief of H. D. McKinney was read the
second time and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It proposes to appropriate
$(i,085 53 to H. D. Mcltinney sis balance due
him in final liquidation of his claim against
the United States under a contract for the de-
livery of ten thousand cords of wood to the
officers of the Government near Nashville,
Tennessee, dated December 24, 1864.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
joiin m. talmeil.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, the joint ?fcgolu
tion (H. R. No. 218) for the relief of JohiV^L
Palmer was considered as in Committee of
Whole.
The preamble to the resolution recites that
John M. Palmer, of Nashville, Tennessee, on
the 7th August, 1866, contracted with the quar-
termaster's department to manufacture and
deliver fifty-two thousand two hundred coffins
for the interment of deceased Union soldiers
at Natchez, Yicksburg, and Corinth, Missis-
sippi ; Memphis, Pittsburg Landing, Fort Don-
elson, and Nashville, Tennessee; and Mari-
etta. Georgia, and also to erect fences for the
national cemeteries at Natchez, Vielcsburg,
and Corinth ; Mississippi, and at Memphis,
Fort Donelson, Stone River, and Pittsburg
Landing, Tennessee; that by the malicious
destruction of Palmer's steam saw-mill and
machinery by rebel incendiaries, and the loss
of lumber by providential floods, but by no
fault or neglect of his own, he has failed to
.fully complete his contract, and has incurred
forfeitures to the Government thereon.
The resolution proposes to relieve Palmer
from all stoppages and forfeitures on account
of his failure to deliver coffins utider the con-
tract, and to direct the Quartermaster General
to adjust and settle his further claim for erect-
ing fences around the national cemeteries by
an additional allowance of $7,283 70, to be
paid from the appropriation prorided in an
act entitled "An act to establish and protect
national cemeteries," approved February 22,
18G7.
The Committee on Claims proposed to amend
the resolution by adding as an additional sec-
tion :
Six. 2. And be it further resolved, That the chief
quartermaster of the military department of the
Cumberland, in addition to the contract pricc of
ninety cents for each collin manufactured by the .said
John M. Palmer, under his contract aforesaid, of the
date of the 27 th of -August, 18613, cause to bo paid out of
any money under his control unto the said John M.
Palmer the further sum of §12,716 30 for manufacturing
and delivering said coffins: Provided, That the said
John M. Palmer .shall, in conformity with the pro-
visions of his contract aforesaid, well and truly man-
ufacture and deliver all the coffins which he is thereby
still required to manufacture and deliver.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator who
has this measure in charge to explain it to us.
Mr. IIOWE. Mr. President, the facts in
this case are somewhat complicated and nu-
merous. They are much more clearly within
the recollection of the honorable Senator from
West Virginia [Mr. Willey] than they are
within mine, and I will ask him to state them.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, if the Sen-
tor from New York desires a presentation of
the facts of the ease, I do not know that he
can be better satisfied than by the reading of
the report. They are as concisely stated in
the report as I could state them ; and if the Sen-
ate desire a full statement of the facts I should
myself prefer that the report should be read,
although it is somewhat lengthy.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
made by Mr. Willet on the 27th of March:
The Committee on Claims, to whom was referred
IIouso joint resolution No. 218, for the relief of John
M. Palmer, having considered the same, beg leave to
submit the following report:
That among the papers accompanying the said
joint resolution they find the following report mado
to the Ilouse by the Committee of Claims in that
body:
To the honorable the Committee of Claims:
The sub-committee, to whom was referred the me-
morial of John M. Palmer, for relief in the matter of
his contract for furnishing coffins for reinterment of
deceased Union soldiers and fencing national ceme-
teries, have the honor to report as follows:
From the copy of the contract presented by the
memorialist it appears that—
1. He contracted with compctcntauthority to furnish
fifty-two thousand coffins, as might be ordered, of spe-
cified sizes and material, to be delivered as required
in numbers and quantities, at different points,
namely: Natchez, vicksburg, and Corinth, Missis-
sippi ; Memphis, Pittsburg Landing, Fort Donelson,
and Nashville, Tennessee, and at Marietta, Georgia,
at ninety cents each; and that he was to ercct a fence
any oth/rpoints that should be designated by the
Gove^fiment. These fences to be constructed of
specified materials and dimensions, and in a manner
inscribed, at the prico of forty-five cents per lineal
foot. (See copy contract herewith, marked No. 2.)
The memorialist further sets forth in bis petition
that, before he proposed to furnish the coffins and
erect the fences called for by the contract, ho all the
time made every exertion to get such information as
to what the cost of the work would bo as would en-
able liim to make his bid at a reasonable price; and
that lie was the lowest responsible bidder, which
latter fact is certified to (seo paper marked —) by
Colonel IS. K. Hainiil, then acting chicf quarter-
master military division of Tennessee, and still an
officer in the Quartermaster's department.
The petitioner further sets forth that immediately
upon the award of the work to him he gavebonds for
$35,000, with approved security, and began to put forth
every requisite energy and effort to fulfill his agree-
ment. He was the owner of one saw-mill at a conven-
ient point for supplying Nashville and fetone river,
which ho at once put in operation in getting out the re-
quired lumber; and erected another saw-mill at J ohn-
sonville, on the Tennessee ri ver,which was a favorable
location for supplying lumber to the points where it
was required on that river and the Mississippi and
Cumberland rivers; and that he at once commenced
traversing the country from point to point where the
material and labor were to be supplied and applied,
and made arrangements for the requisite labor,
transportation, and everything neccssary to carry
out his contracts. . , ,
The petitioner further sets forth that, as soon as he
set about this business of fulfilling his contract, ho
found himself the object of a combined opposition,
comprising a portion of theseventy odd unsuccessful
bidders for the same contract, and also the common
enemies of the country, who cherished a most bitter
hatred toward the purposes of the work, (see state-
ment of Mr. Jaarnshaw* chairman of the cemetery
board for selecting and laying out the grounds of
national cemeteries. No. 18;) that this opposition
manifested itself in his being followed from place to
place by men who made various false reports, such
as tho statements that he was not able to carry out
the work; that he had abandoned the contract; that
he had absconded; that the Government had taken
the contract from him; and many other false reports
that were calculatcd to, and did for a time, destroy
confidence in the petitioner's integrity, ability, and
competence in carrying out his agreement, and hav-
ing the effect to repeatedly break up the arrange-
ments he hadmadeforlaborandmaterials, and delay
him in procuring the requisites of his undertaking,
and enhancing the prices of the same, and adding
largely to his expenses; that, further, thesaw-mill he
erected at Johnsonville, on which he relied for a
largo quantity of lumber, was, during the first two
months of its operation, almost wholly obstructed by
its machinery being repeatedly brokon by men hos-
tile to hiin or to the objects of his efforts, and before
three months had elapsed from the time the mill was
erected it was set on fire on a dark and rainy night
and burned to the ground, under circumstances which
left no doubt of its being the work of men who wero
evil disposed toward the petitioner. (See, also, state-
ment of J. G. Allen, paper No. 3: George Bailey, No,
6; A. T. Prentiss, paper No. 5; J. D. Millard, paper
No. 14; William Welsh, paper No. 15, and A. F.
Prentiss, paper No. —.)
The petitioner further sets forth that, besides the
difficulties which besot him as stated heretofore, the
time from the date of the advertisement for propo-
sals to the date of opening tho bids was not sufficient
to enable a bidder to go to the various points, em-
bracing over two thousand miles of travel, at which
labor was to be performed, and survey the ground
and obtain definite information as to the cost of
labor, materials, transportation, &c., but that esti-
mates had to be made upon general reports and such
knowlcdgo as could bo hastily gathered, and that ho
calculated the cost of materials, labor, transporta-
tion, and incidental expenses at a much lower figure
than he found himself compelled to pay; in addition
to this tho unprecedented flood at one time and tho
very low state of tho rivers at another made the cost
of transportation by water, on which he greatly de-
pended, treble tho ordinary cost; and tho price he
had to pay for lumber was, in many instances, moro
than double what ho anticipated; that in some local-
ities at Yicksburg the ground on which he erected
fences was partially covered by water, and that an-
other portion was required over high hills, which
were terraced, and thereby tho expense was moro
than doubled. That the fence at Fort Donelson
was required at a time when the water did not admit
of navigation, and instead of getting his lumber by
that ordinary transportation, and being unable to
pui chase what was required from any point near b\,
had to carry it by wagons across the country over
rough, hilly roads; also that, in erecting the fence at
this point, he encountered a ledge of shelly rock,
which, not being firm enough to admit, of bolting the
posts, he was obliged to dig holes therein, which was
a great increase of expense upon his estimate.
In a paper which is filed with the memorial, to wit,
a communication from tho petitioner to General
{Swords, assistant quartermaster general, it is stated
that the petitioner was subjected to unexpected ex-
pense by the failure of payments being made to him
once a month, according to the contract; that he had
been obliged to sell vouchers at a heavy discount and
to borrow a largo amount of money, paying interest
at the rate of two per cent, a month, to enable him to
carry on the work: vthich statement General Swords
indorses as true.
All the statements recited or referred to as mado
by the petitioner in his memorial are sworn to by
him as truo, and are sustained by Colonel IS. B.
Whitman, acting quartermaster and superintendent
national cemeteries, .by his official certificate, to
which especial attention is invited. General George
II. Thomas also indoises the memorial, recommend-
ing its favorable consideration by. Congress, In sup-
port of tho statement of facts made by the petitioner
in his memorial tho testimony of quite a number of
other persons cognizant of the facts and circum-
stances bearing on the case is submitted and will bo
briefly noticed.
The sworn statement of J. B. Allen (paper No. 3)
shows that the petitioner, as soon as the contract
was awarded, went to work with great energy in get-
ting out lumber at his saw-mill near Nashville and
in erecting another mill at Johnsonville; that he en-
countered unforeseen obstacles and trouble in run-
ning said mill; its machinery was repeatedly broken
m a manner that showed the use of sledge-hammers
and appliances as could not have resulted from tho
ordinary operation of the mill, but purposely by ma-
licious and evil-disposed parties; that threats wero
made against him; and when it was found he was
not to bo intimidated inducements of money were
offered him to effect the stoppage of tho mill; and
that, these proving of no avail, the mill was finally
fired by incendiaries and burned to the ground:
that another was at once erected on the spot and
run day and night, but was very soon obstructed by
a flood, which covered it for several weeks; and that
as soon as possible it was put in running order, ana
the work carried forward with all possible dispatcn
in the face of all the impediments which were thrown
The sworn etatoment of John "Welch (paper No, 15)
coincides with that of J. G.AUen as to the hostility
the petitioner encountered m running his saw-ram
