THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
225
tary to read before I vote 011 the question under
consideration.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
In what way does the evidence the counsel for the
accused now offer meet any ot the allegations con-
tained in the impeaclimcnt?
How does it affect the gravamen of any one of the
charges ?
Mr. EVARTS. The Senators will perceive
that this question anticipates a very extensive
field of inquiry, first as to what the gravamen
of all these articles is; and secondly, as to
what shall finally be determined to be the
limits of law and fact that properly press upon
the issues here; but it is enough to say, prob-
ably, as we have every desire to meet the ques-
tion with all the intelligence that we can com-
mand, at the present stage of the matter,
•without going into these anticipations, that it
bears upon the question of the intent with which
this act w.is done, as being a qualification of
the act in the President's mind at the time he
announces it as complete. It bearS on the
conspiracy articles, and it bears upon the
eleventh article, even if it should be held that
the earlier articles, upon the mere removal of
Mr. Stanton and the appointment of General
Thomas, are to cease in the point of their in-
quiry, intent, and all, with the consummation
of the acts.
Mr. Manager WILSON. A question was
asked by a member of the Senate as to the
date of the conversation between the Presi-
dent and Mr. Perrin. That was on the 21st;
but a few moments after the conversation be-
tween the President and Mr. Welles.
The CHIEF J UST1CE. The Chief Justice
•will restate to the Senate the question as it pre-
sents itself to his mind. The question yes-
terday had reference to the intention of the
President, not in relation to the removal of
Mr. Stanton, as the Chief Justice understood
it, but m relation to the immediate appoint-
ment of a successor by sending in the nomina-
tion of Mr. Bwing. The question to-day re-
lates to the intention of the President in the
removal of Mr. Stanton; and it relates to a
communication made to his Cabinet after the
departmental business had closed, but before
the Cabinet had separated. The Chief Jus-
tice is clearly of opinion that this is a part of
the transaction, and that it is entiiely proper
to take this evidence into consideration as
showing the intent of the President in his
acts. The Secretary will call the roll.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to hear the
proposition read. I was not in.
The CHIEF JUSTICE, (to the Secretary.)
Head the proposition.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
We offer to prove that on this occasion the Presi-
dent communicated to Mr. Welles, and the other
members of his Cabinet, before the meeting biokc
up. thathe had removed Mr.Stnnt.on and appointed
General Thomas Secret aiy ot War ad interim; and
that, upon tile inquiry by Mr. Welles whether Gen-
eral Thomas was in possession of the office, the Pres-
ident replied that lie was; and upon further ques-
tion of Mr. Welles, whethei'Mr. Stanton acquiesced,
the President replied that hedid; all that he required
was time to remove his papers.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 2G, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard. Buckalcw, Cole,
ConkhnK, Corbett, Davis, Dixon, Doolittie, Fesscn-
den, Fowler, Grimes, Hendricks, johnson, MeCreery,
Morton, Patterson of Tennessee, Ros?, Saulsbury.
Sherman, Spracrue, Sumner, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
\iekers, and Willey—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Conness, Cragin,
Drake, Edmunds, Ferry, Frelinghuysen, Harlan,
Howard, Howe, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill
m V ermont, Patterson of New Hampshire, Pomcroy,
Ramsey, Stewart, Thayer, Tipton, Williams, Wilson,
and Yates—-23.
NO f VOTING Messrs.Chandler, Henderson, Nor-
ton, -N ye, and W ado—-5.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. On this question
the yeas are 20, and the nays are 23.
Mr. CHANDLEPi,, (who had just entered
the Chamber.) Mr. President 
fhe CHIEF JUSTICE. It is too late. The
result has been announced. The yeas have it;
and the question is admitted,
^r' (to the witness.) Please
state, Mr. Welles, what communication was
Supplement—15.
made by the President to the Cabinet on the
subject of the removal of Mr. Stanton and the
appointment of General Thomas, and what !
passed at that time ? .
The Witness. As I remarked, after the
departmental business had been disposed of, I
the President remarked, as usual, when he has :
anything to communicate himself, that before
they separated, it would be proper for him to
say that, he had removed Mr. Stanton and
appointed the Adjutant General, * Lorenzo
Thomas, Secretary ad interim,. I asked
whether General Thomas was in possession.
The President said he was; that Mr. Stanton
required some little time to remove his writ-
ings, his papers. I said perhaps, or I asked,
''Mr. Stanton, then, acquiesces." He said
he did, as he understood it.
Question. Was it a part of the President's
answer that all he required was time to remove
his papers?
■Answer. The President made that remark
when 1 inquired in relation to possession, that
he merely wanted time to remove his papers—
some private papers and matters, I think.
Question. Was the time at which this an-
nouncement of the President was made in ac-
cordance with the ordinary routine of your
meetings as to such matters?
Answer. It was. The President usually
communicates after we have got through.
Question. After you have got through of the
several departmental affairsV
Answer. Yes, sir; he then states what ho
has to communicate.
Question. Now, sir, one moment to a matter
which you spoke of incidentally. You were
there the next morning about noon?
Answer. I was.
Question. Did you then see the appointment
of Mr. liwing?
Answer. I did.
Question. Was it made out before you came
there, or after, or while you were there?
Answer. While I was there.
Question. And you then saw it?
Answer. I saw it.
Air. JOHNSON. What time of the day was
that ?
The Witness. It was about twelve. The
Attorney General was there and said that he
must be at the Supreme Court. He had not
more than time to get to the court.
By Mr. Eyarts:
Question. Did not the Supreme Court meet
at eleven?
Answer. I do not know. He had business
which required him to be at the Supreme Court
at twelve o'clock, I think. He was there up
to that time.
Question. Did you become aware of the
passage of the civil-tenure aet, as it is called,
at or about the time that it passed Congress ?
Answer. I was aware of it.
Question. Were you present at any Cabinet
meeting at which, after the passage of that act,
it became the subject of consideration?
Answer. Yes ; on two occasions.
Question. Who were present, and when was
the first occasion?
Answer. The first occasion when it was
brought before the Cabinet was on Friday, I
think, the 20th February, 1867, It was at a
Cabinet meeting on Friday.
Question Who were present?
Answer. I think all the Cabinet were.
Question. Was Mr. Stanton there ?
Answer. Mr. Stanton was there, I think, on
that occasion. I might state, perhaps, that the
President said he had two bills which he wanted
the advice of the Cabinet about. One of them
consumed most of the time that day.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Thepoint, Ibelieve,
is as to what look place there ?
By Mr. Ev.uits :
Question. This civil-tenure aet was the sub-
ject of consideration there ?
Answer. It was submitted.
Question. How was it brought to the atten-
tion of the Cabinet?
Answer, By the President. .
Question. As a matter of consideration in
the Cabinet?
Answer. For consultation for the adviceand
the opinion of the members.
Question. How did he submit the matter to
your consideration ?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. If that involves
anything that he said 
Mr. EVARTS. Yes, it does.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Now, we should
like to have, so that we may not discuss this
matter in the dark, the offer put in writing;
but we object to anything that took place m
the Cabinet consultation, and in order to have
this matter brought to a point, we desire to
have the offer of proof put in writing.
Mr. EVARI'S. We will put the whole mat-
ter in writing.
The offer was reduced to writing and read
by the Secretary, as follows:
We offer to prove that the President at a meeting
of the Cabinet while the bill was betore the President
for his approval, laid before the Cabinet the tenure-
ot'-civil-office bill for their consideration and advice
to the President respecting his approval of the bill;
and thereupon the membersof theCabinet then pres-
ent gave their advice to the President that the bill
was unconstitutional and should be returned to Con-
gress with his objections, and that the duty of prepar-
ing a message, setting forth the objections to thecon-
stitutionality ot the bill, was devolved on Mr. Seward
and Mr. Stanton; to be followed by proof as to what
was done by the President and Cabinet up to the
time of sending in the message.
Mr. SHERMAN, Does that give the date?
Mr. EVARTS. It gives the date as being
the time the bill was before them for consid-
eration.
Mr. CONKLING. During the ten days
succeeding its first passage?
Mr. EVARTS. I omitted the precise date
because there were two meetings.
Mr. JOHNSON. Within the ten days, I
suppose ?
Mr. EVARTS. Within the time fixed by
the Constitution.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I assumed, Mr.
President and Senators, for the purpose of the
objection, that the time to which this offer of
pioof refers itself is duving the ten days be-
tween the first passage of the bill by the two
Houses and the time of its return, with the
objections of the President, for redeliberatiou
and reconsideration.
Mr. EVARTS. It is so stated.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Upon this ques-
tion I only propose to open the debate in order
that my learned friends may be possessed, so
far as I may be able to possess them, of the
grounds of our objection.
The question is whether, after a law has
been passed, under the due forms of law, the
President can show what his opinions were,
and the opinions of his Cabinet, before it was
passed, as a justification for refusing to obey
it and execute it. That is the first proposition.
Let me restate it and see if I have made any
mistake. It is whether the President can show
his opinions and those of his Cabinet as to the
constitutionality of a law before the law is
passed, in order to justify himself for refusing
to obey it and execute it after it is passed.
I am not now, in stating this objection, deal-
ing with the vehicle of proof, but withtheqnes-
tion whether declarations in the Cabinet can
or cannot be a mode of proof. I ventured to
say to you, Senators, that heretofore the strug-
gle has been, on the trial of impeachments,
whether the king's order should sustain the
minister ; and 1 was somewhat sharply re-
minded how familiar it was to everybody that
the king could do no wrong in the eye of the
British constitution, and therefore that, ot
course, the ministers were responsible. But
the question which I brought to your attention
wasthat the strugglein impeachmentsin former
times was %vhether the king, not being able to
do anything wrong, when he gave his express
order or advice to the minister, could shield
the minister ; and the British Parliament, in
the Earl of Danby's case, decided that it could
not, for he produced for his justification the
order of the king, and that was thought to be
a great point.
