1888.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1259
they deviate off to the north or to the west or to
the south, they depart just to that extent from
their line and diminish the value of the lands
granted. Their interest, therefore, will impel
them to keep as near as possible to the center
of their grant.
Mr. MORTON. 1 shall vote against this
amendment, because I think it is not proper, at
the end of some twelve years after a railroad
grant has been made, and when lands have
been entered and improvements made with a
view_ to being near the line of a railroad, to al-
low it to be changed five or six miles or per-
haps a greater distance. It might in many
cases work great injury and hardship. A man
who had bought his land and made improve-
ments, supposing he was to be upon the line
of a railroad or within half a mile or a mile of
it, may find himself, by a change of route, to
be six miles off, after, as my colleague suggests,
having paid $2 50 an acrc to the Government
for his laud in the first place, on the supposi-
tion that he was on or near the railroad line.
But, Mr. President, I desire further to say
in this connection that until better advised I
shall vote against this bill, not that I have any
special objection to this grant, but it is one of
a system ; they come in here day after day,
either asking original land grants or the exten-
sion of time of those which were made years
ago. Here is a bill asking the extension of a
grant made some twelve years ago. Whether
that legislation was right originally or not I
do not know, and I have no means of know-
ing. There is no report of a committee from
which i can learn whether it is proper now or
was proper twelve years ago. In voting for
this bill, therefore, I have to assume that the
action twelve years ago was right, whereas I
believe that a great deal of this action six,
eight, ten, or twelve years ago, granting land
to railroad companies, was wrong, and an
immense fraud on this nation. I do not say
that there are not cases where such grants
ought not to be made, but it is the system to
which I object. We have bill after bill, first
for one State and then for another, and with
no means of cheeking this system except to
oppose the whole of it until such time as the
Senate shall be informed in regard to each par-
ticular measure, or have the means of inform-
ation to know what they are doing. Here 1 am
called upon to vote substantially a new grant.
This railroad cannot be built by the 15th of
May, so that this is in effect a new grant.
1 am called upon to vote away a large body
perhaps of the best lands in the State of Iowa,
and 1 know absolutely nothing about the merits
of the case, and I have no means of knowing,
unless I be at great pains and effort in hunting
up the data and the information in regard to
this particular case. 1 certainly have no special
antipathy to this bill. I have voted against
two or three such bills, and I expect to con-
tinue to do so until such a case shall be pre-
sented as that I shall be reasonably informed
upon the subject and be enabled to satisfy my
mind that I am doing right in voting a grant.
Without saying that there are not cases where
lands should be granted for the construction
of railroads, I think it is an open question to-
day whether, when you take into consideration
the lands that are withheld from market in the
States of the Northwest and elsewhere by being
granted to railroad companies, there is any
beneficial result. 1 say they are withheld from
market; they are withheld from the operation
of the homestead laws; they are kept in an
unimproved condition for five, ten, twelve, and
sometimes fifteen or twenty years in conse-
quence of being granted to corporations, so
that it is after all, in my judgment, an open
question whether the country gains the most
from having railroads constructed a few years
earlier, or whether it loses more by having a
large body of lands kept from entry and im-
provement.
It is a fact which has fallen under my observ-
ation that very few ot these railroads arc built
from the proceeds of the public lands granted
for the purpose. In most cases the lands that
are granted to railroad companies are not even
mortgaged to secure the payment of the bonds.
They are held until after the roads are com-
pleted—until the Government has sold lands
around them and improvements have been
made all around the lands held by these rail-
road companies, and thus the railroad lands
are made valuable. They are made valuable
by the improvement of the country around them,
by the settlement of alternate sections reserved
by the Government and sold to settlers. They
are kept out of the market until after the rail-
road is completed, and sometimes for years
after that isdone, and generally their proceeds
are a net profit to the railroad company, result-
ing in immense fortunes to a few individuals.
I will not say that in the case of the Pacific
railroad and others it may not be proper to
grant lands; but I think the general, indis-
criminate system of land grants to railroad com-
panies has operated as a great fraud upon the
nation ; that a large portion of the lands of the
West and Northwest have been given away
without proper consideration, and that they
have perhaps in a majority of cases failed to
bring to the public that corresponding benefit
which was expected and intended by the grant.
In this case, until I am better informed, I ex-
pect to vote against this bill. I do not sup-
pose that that will make any difference. These
bills have been passed without opposition for
years, and perhaps they will be carried now,
but not with my approbation.
Mr. CONN ESS. Mr. President  
Mr. GlllMES. Question!
Mr. CONNESS. Very well.
Mr. GRIMES, (to Mr. Conxess.) I did not
know you were going to speak. Go ahead.
Mr. CONNESS. No, Mr. President, if we
can get a vote on this bill, I will not speak ;
but 1 desire very much, and shall take some
other occasion to reply to the remarks made
by the Senator from Indiana. I hope we shall
get a vote on this bill.
The PKKSJDKNT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
to insert at the end of the first section the fol-
lowing :
And no lands shall bo disposed of, or patented,
or certified for said purposes more than twenty miles
in advance of the point to which said road may be
constructed irom time to time.
Mr. HAIILAN. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out "twenty" and
inserting ''forty."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The next amendment was to strike out sec-
tions two, three, and four, in the following
words:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the lands
granted to said State, to aid in the construction of
said road, liable to revert to the United States on the
loth day ot May, 1868, shall be disposed of for the pur-
poses of said grant oniy, and ill manner following,
namely: When the Governor of the State of Iowa
shall certify to the Secretary ot the Interior that any
section ot twenty consecutive miles of said road, not
constructed on the 15th day of May, 1868, lias been
completed in a good, substantia1, and workmanlike
manner as a first-class railroad, then the Secretary
ot the Interior shall issue patents conveying to the
said State the lands giantcd by said act atoresaid,
lying on each side ot tin' eompletcd section of said
road continuous therewith: and in case it is found
when said cemtieate or the Governor is made, as
aibiesaid, that of the odd-numbered sections and
parts of sections situate on each side of said com-
pleted section ot roadwithm thelinntof littccn miles,
a poition or all of the same have been disposed of so
as not to leave six sections per mile remaining to be
patented, the Secretary of tho Interior may include
in the patents to be issued such of the lauds as the
State may be entitled to under said grant, lying near-
est said completed section oil each side of the per-
manently located lino of said road, within the limits
oftiiteen miles, tor a distance of not more than forty
milesm advance of the terminus of the same, so much
thereof as will make up the six sections per mile to
which the State may be entitled for tho road com-
pleted. And patents shall 111 llke maniier be issued
as each twenty miles of said road is completed and
certiiiedto. Andwhen the whole of said road is com-
pleted, all ot tho lands to which the said State may-
be entitled under said grant for the completion of
that portion of said road remaining uncompleted 011
the 15th day of May, 1868, shall be patented to said
State.
Sec. 3. And be it ftirther enacted, That should the
said State fail to complete said road or cause the
same to be completed to Fort Dodge, and at the rate
ot torty miles a year as herein prorided, immediately
upon the happening of such failure the lands cm-
biaced in said grant unpatented and to which said
Sty t.e at the date of such failure is not entitled to a
title therefor, shall revert to the United States and
become subject to sale and entry as other lands not
granted.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That the route of
said road between Fort Dodge and Sioux City shall
bo l-esurrcyed and permanently located, and a map
of such location filed—one with the Commissioner of
the General Land Office, one in the local land oOico
a,t Fort Dodge, and one in the loeal land office at
Sioux City. And until said location ia made and
maps tiled, the lands granted by said act, liable to
revert to tho United States on the 15th day of May,
1868, shall bo subject to_ homestead settlements under
tho homestead laws, in quantities not exceeding
eighty acre; caeh; and in lieu of the lands thus taken
as homesteads, the State shall be entitled to select
other lands from any of the vacant lands then be-
longing to the United States, within fifteen miles on
each side of said road so located, and tho same are
hereby granted to said Stato for that purpose.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAKLAN. I move to amend the bill
in the eighteenth line of the first section by
striking out the word "Januai-y" and insert-
ing "July," so that it will read: "And the
same shall be completed to Fort Dodge on or
before the 1st day of July, 1869," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. Is there any written or
printed report accompanying this bill ?
Mr. HAIILAN. I think not.
Mr. POMEllOY. No, sir; there is no
written or printed report that I know of.
Mr. CONKLING. May I inquire of the
Senator having it in charge whether this is the
bill reported by the Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Edmcndb] some time ago?
Mr. HAKLAN. It was reported, as I under-
stand, by the chairman of the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. POMEROY. No; it was reported from
the committee by the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. CONKLING. If I may make another
inquiry, are all these amendments upon which
we have been voting printed ?
Mr. HAIILAN. The amendments are all
printed except those offered by me this morn-
ing.
Mr. CONKLING. Like the Senator from
Indiana, I have no antipathy to this bill in
particular  
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
ot the Chair to call the attention of the Senate
to the unfinished business of yesterday, which
is now before the Senate.
Mr. HAIILAN. 1 ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to pass that over informally
in order that we may come to a vote on this
bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The con-
sideration of this bill will be continued unless
objection is made.
Mr. CONKLTNG. I feel very reluctant to
make an objection to anything in the line of
accommodation to the honorable Senator from
Towa; but I was about to say when the Chair
announced the expiration of the morning hour
that I would like to vote intelligently, if pos-
sible, upon the bill. I confess I do not under-
stand from its reading several of the provisions,
and particularly as they are now since the
amendments have been acted upon. The gen-
eral design to extend the time, of course, I
comprehend ; but the particulars of the bill I
confess my ignorance of in several respects,
1 do not intend, for one,_ to^ give my vote
in favor indiscriminately of railroad projects.
I should not like to vote at large for the fifty
bills—there are about fifty—now pending in the
House of Representatives, nor for the numbei'—
somewhere between ten and twenty, I think—
which have been introduced recently into the
Senate. I imagine that other Senators feel
much as I do on this subject,: and it is possible
there may bo other Senators who have as littlo
