'2284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
at Johns'onville, and the faots of its being broken,
stopped, and finally burned by persons evilly disposed
toward the petitioner, and the work he was endeav-
oring to carry out, and tho damage and delay re-
sulting therefrom.
The sworn statement of J. D. Millard (paper No.
14) corroborates J. G. Allen in all material parts, and
iurther sets forth that the contraot price was much
less than the eost of fulfilling it.
c. The sworn statement of A. T. Prentiss (paper No.
5) shows that he, being employed by the petitioner
in erecting fences at Stone river, Corinth, Memphis,
Vicksburg, and Natchez, knows that he put forth
every exertion possible in prosecuting the work un-
der his contract, working by day and traveling by
night; that he met with many hinderances resulting
from the hostility of some of the inhabitants of the
localities to the work; that he suffeied loss, delay, and
heavy expense from the burning of his saw-mill, and
the flood which covered the one erected on the river;
that the contract price was much less than tho actual
cost of tho work under tho adverse eircumstancos;
that the price of lumber was much higher than anti-
cipated—oak being fifty dollars per thousand, and
pino and poplar, fit for the work, was thirty to thirty-
five dollars per thousand; that live thous-ind feet of
fence at Vicksburg had to be set over hills too steop
for men to stand without some other support than
the ground for their feet; and that considerable was
set when the water covered the ground, and which
was tho cause of loss oi time and increase of expense;
but that, notwithstanding, the petitioner carried out
his work satisfactorily to the inspecting officers.
The sworn statement of James Saunders corrobo-
rates that of A. T. Prentiss in most of the material
points; and further, the statement of the petitioner
as to tho transportation of lumbor across the country
(when the water was too low for navigation) at a
heavy expense, over rough, hilly roads, and as to tho
difficulty and great cost of setting the posts in tho
shelly rock.
Tho sworn statement of James Walker corrobo-
rates Saunders as to the difficulties of getting lumber
and sotting the posts at Fort Donelson.
Tho sworn statement of George Bailey (paper No.
C) coincides witti that of J. G. Allen as to the hostil-
ity manifested by citizens of Johnsonvillo toward the
purposes for which the mill of petitioner at that place
was erected, and as to the machinery being purposely
broken, and the mill finally burned by incendiaries;
and as to the erection of another, and the subsequent
delay of its operation by reason of floods. It also
corroborates the statements of James Saunders and
John Walker as to the difficulties encountered in
getting lumber to Fort Donelson, and in tho erection
of the fences m the rocky ground.
The official statement of Lieutenant Gurney, act-
ing quartermaster, (see paper No. 10,) concurs with
that of Prentiss, Walker, and Saunders as to being
obliged to transport lumber across tho country to
Fort Donelson because of low water, and as to the
rock into which holes for the fence posts had to bo
made, which involved considerable expense, and,
further, shows the satisfactory manner in which tho
contract was fulfilled at that place.
The sworn statement of W. G. Bond (sec paper No.
9) is substantially the same as that of Lieutenant
Gurney.
The sworn statement of J. B. Armstrong (paper No.
17) shows that he has known the petitioner for twenty
yenrs, and knows him to bo a man of integrity, great
energy, and that he was untiring in his efforts and
labors to carry out this contract lor supplying coflins
and fences to national cemeteries in every way fully
equal to its requirements; that he know? the peti-
tioner incurred great loss and unexpected expense in
fulfilling thesamo; and that, aside from the unfore-
seen losses and expenses growing out of the work,
the contract price was inadequate.
Thesworn statement of Junius M. Palmersets forth
tho facts that he superintended the fulfillment of the
contract sit Vicksburg, and concurs with the state-
ment of Prentiss, that the eost of lumber was for oak,
fifty dollars per thousand; that yellow pino and
cypress cost thirty dollars per thousand; white pine
seventy-live to eighty dollars per thousand; that the
coffins made thus eost nearly two dollars each; that
the cost of erecting the fence on ground overflowed
by water and over the hilly, tenaced ground, was
five times as great as it would have been on good
ground; that the price stated in the contract is not
nearly sufficient to cover the amount actually paid
out, aside from tho losses by fire and flood, and the
other causes beyond the control of the petitioner.
The sworn statement of William Earnshaw, late
chaplain United States Army, and chairman of the
board for purchasing and laying out cemeteries in
the division of Tennessee, sets forth that he had full
opportunities for knowing the expenses of building
fences and making coffins under the petitioner's con-
tract, and of the unfriendly and hostile feelings of
tho people of that country toward the object of said
work, and of the difficulties the petitioner encoun-
tered from said cause, as well from obstacles thrown in
his way by unsuccessful bidders for thesamecontract;
that one dollarperlineal toot for the fence, and $2 50
for each coffin, would be a very reasonable price for
the then furnishing of tho same, and that said price
is less than the Government procured them for, ex-
cept at Nashville; that he.Earnbhaw, carefully read
the memorial of the petitioner, and that the facts and
matters therein set forth are true; that of his own
knowledge they are nottoo strongly stated, butrather
fall short of the real facts of the caso; that he deemed
it impossible for tho petitioner to fulfill the contract
under so many difficulties, and with the determined
opposition of common enemies of the country, with
that of the unsuccessful bidders for the same contract;
that the life of the petitioner was often in great
peril, and that it was only by his courage and indom-
itable energy that he ovcicamc tho many impedi-
ments thrown in his way; that he had a good opportu-
nity of knowing the motive which actuated the pe-
titioner in making his bid attheextremely low price,
and thathis motives were praiseworthy, and that he
entered into tho contract in good faith, andearried
it into execution; that he, Earnshaw, firmly believes
that, unless relief be granted petitioner, he will be
financially ruined.
The official statement of J. W. Scully, acting quar-
termaster, confirms the statements of Prentiss and
Junius M. Palmer as to the prico of oak lumber at
Vicksburg being fifty dollars per thousand, yellow
pine and cypress thirty dollars per thousand, and
white pine seventy-five to eighty dollars per thou-
sand; and further, that tho lowest prico at which
coffins could bo purchased there was $2 50 each.
The official statement of Colonel Moore, assistant
quartermaster, shows that the petitioner fulfilled his
contract in good faith; that tho, price stated in the
contract was too low, and that it was carried out at
a heavy loss.
The oftioial statement of Colonel A. W. Wills sots
forth his knowledge of tho fact that the petitioner
encountered the most earnest efforts of the common
enemies of the country, and, in many instances, the
efforts of unsuccessful bidders for the same contract,
to prevent the fulfillment ofit—of these latter, in order
that, in case of his failure, they might securoit. This
officer further states that tho crcction of tho fonco
at Corinth was done under mostunfavorablo circum-
stances, in addition to tho foregoing, on account of
the heavy rains which continued during nearly all
tho time the work was going on.
The official statement of Colonel S. R. Ilamill, assist-
ant quartormaster,sets forth the fact thathowas act-
ing chief quartermaster of the district of Tennessee
when the contract was made; that the competition was
spirited; that when tho petitioner was awarded tho
co'ntract bitter expressions of disappointment were
made, and charges laid that tho were too low to
admit of its being faithfully earned out; but that tho
petitioner fulfilled it in a manner which established
the fact of his determination to act in good faith, not-
withstanding tho unforeseen misfortunes which came
upon him; that, as disbursing ofiicor, said Ilamill has
knowledge of the fact that at times the Department
was not in funds to pay tho vouchers issued to tho
petitioner, and that ho was compelled to sustain con-
siderable losses to obtain the money due on the same
whereby to carry on tho work to completion; and
closes with a recommendation that his application
bo favorably considered.
Upon a careful perusal and consideration of the
sworn statements submitted in this oas<\ and official
certificates and indorsements of the military officers,
the substance of which has been recited, your sub-
committee find the following facts established:
1. That the petitioner made his proposal in good
faith, and gave approved and sufficient bonds to ful-
fill his contract. (See paper —.)
2% That he at once entered upon the performance
of it, employing a largo amount of capital, and ap-
plying unusual energy and efforts in the work. (See
paper —.)
3. That he endeavored to obtain necessary inform-
ation so as to estimate the cost of the work, but that it
fell short of the expense necessarily incurred in the
execution of his contract. A condition of things was
found to exist which the exercise of prudonce or busi-
ness judgment would not havo anticipated, and that
by reason of the combined opposition of unsuccess-
ful bidders for the same contract, the hatred of the
citizens hostile to him and to the purposes of his con-
tract, the loss of his mill by fire, the malicious mis-
chief of evil persons in breaking the machinery, the
delays by flood, the damaging false reports of such
persons as to his lack of integrity, pecuniary respon-
sibility, and incompetency to fulfill his engagements,
the usual obstacles to navigation of tho rivers on which
dependence was placcdfortransportation ofmaterials
to the designated places at which it was to be used, the
overflow of water upon the ground in places where the
fences were to be erected, and theunderlying rock and
the steep hills in other places, gieatly adding to the
estimated costof the labor, the failure of the Govern-
ment to pay promptly according to tho contract, ne-
cessitating a sale of vouchers at a discoun t and the
borrowing of a large amount ot money at high rates
of interest, all combined against tho constant endea-
vor of the petitioner, and rendered the fulfillment
of his contract impossible without his incurring pecu-
niary loss.
It is shown by tho proofs submitted that tho me-
morialist fulfilled thecontract as to the fences to the
letter, (see papers marked 10i and 11.) tty the samo
papers and No. 10 is also shown that lie fulfilled the
contract as to coffins, except in the matter of deliv-
ery of two lots at the time required, the reason for
this failure being explained in papers Nos. 3, 5, 0,14,
]5, and 10, together with the indorsement of Major
E. B. Whitman, supervisory quartermaster, Briga-
dier General Thomas Swords, assistant quartermas-
ter general, and Major General George II. Thomas,
on paper No. 1. It is conclusively established that
the burning of his lumber mill and destruction of
machinery, and a delay resulting from a flood, cir-
cumstances beyond his control or precaution, pre-
vented him from furnishing the coffins ordered at,
Vicksburg and Memphis at the time tho same were
required, in the quantity of about twelve thousand
at tho first and eighteen hundred at the last-named
point. Under tho terms of the contract for this fail-
ure to deliver the coffins last referred to, others were
procured by the Government at a cost of two dollars
at Memphis and $2 50 at Vicksburg for each coffin.
The difference* between these prices and the price,
ninety cents, for which the memorialist was to fur-
nish the same amounts to $15,705, (see indorsement of
General Swords, on paper No. 16,) and was charged
to the memorialist. From this charge ho cannot es-
cape, except bj an act of Congress for hioielief. And
in view of all the facts shown, your sub-committee
respectfully recommend such relief to be granted.
The petitioner further prays that he may be paid
an increased price for thework nowfinished and the
coffins hereafter to be made and delivered under the
contract at Vicksburg and Natchez,the mostdistant
and expensive points, to indemnify him for all his
necessary expenses incurred heretofore in the exe-
cution ofit, and give him a reasonable compensation
for the time, labor, and money invested in carrying
on the work, and asks that such increase of price
may be what the proofs adduced and a sense of jus-
tice may dictate. Upon this point your sub-com-
mittee has to observe as follows:
It would seem from the concurrent testimony of
the officers of tho quartermaster's department and
of business men, (all acquainted with the markets in
the localities where the contract calls for the sup-
plies,) as to the price of lumber of the kinds speci-
fied in thecontract, the condition of the ground on
which tho fence had to be crected, the unusual ex-
pense of navigation, because of the unprecedented
condition of the streams, and all the material cir-
cumstances involved in the case, that the price stated
in the contract was and is insufficient to reasonably
compensate the petitioner (or any other party who
might have undertaken thework) for the time, labor,
and expense necessarily involved in the faithful ful-
fillment of the contract. Your sub-committee is
therefore of the opinion that a fair and reasonable
increaso of price for the coffins would be eighty cents
each, and for fence thirty cents per lineal foot, and
that it ought to bo made.
The Senate committee have compared this report
with theevidence filedby the claimant, and find that
it is substantially verified thereby. On this statement
of the case the House proposed the joint resolution
aforesaid, whereby it is proposed to relieve the said
Palmer from all stoppages on account of his failure
to deliver coffins under said contract, and to author-
ize and direct the adjustment and settlement of the
further claim of the said Palmer for erecting fences
around the national cemeteries by an additional
allowance of $7,283 70, to be paid from the appropri-
ation provided in act entitled "An act to establish
and protect national cemeteries," approved Febru-
ary '22,1867, but no allowance is made in said joint
resolution to relieve tho said Palmer for the differ-
ence between the contract price for said coffins and
what it actually eo3t him to make and deliver them.
The number of coffins already delivered is about
forty-three thousand. It is estimated that from fif-
teen to twenty thousand morewill be required under
thecontract; say sixty thousand in all. The increase
of price recommended by the foregoing report of the
llouso committee for each coffin is eighty cents,
which would make the aggregate amount of increase
$•48,000.
This committee are satisfied that Mr. Palmer is a
man of integrity, and that he has, in good faith, in-
dustriously, earnestly, and with reasonable prudence,
economy, and skill, endeavored to fulfill the obliga-
tion of his contract, and that, unless additional relief
be granted to him beyond that provided in the joint
resolution aforesaid, he will still suffer large pecuni-
ary loss beside the loss of his time and labor. The
nature of the case and facts connected with it render
it impossible to ascertain with absolute certainty
what that loss would be, but it is be>ond a doubt that
it would approximate the amount supposed b5* the
committee of the House. _ The committee, therefoie,
recommend that the said joint resolution be so
amended as to allow the said Palmer the sum of
#20,000, (including the sum of $7,253 70, extra com-
pensation for erecting fences around the national
cemeteries,) and the committer report back the said
joint resolution with an amendment accordingly.
Mr. CONKLINGr. Now I beg to inquire
of the honorable chairman of the Committee
on Claims, or, if he has not the measure in
charge, of the honorable Senator from West
Virginia, upon what principle it is that this
$20,000 is to be paid, upon what principle of
law or equity?
Mr. WILLISY. There is no principle of law
upon which the payment could be required. It
is simply a question on the facts addressing
itself to the sense of equity of the Senate. The
■contract distinctly binds the contractor. Mr
1 aimer, to deliver his coffins and to build his
fence m a certain manner and within certain
times and for certain prices. Mr. Palmer has
been unable to do so, and in part the reasons
why he has been unable to do so have been
stated to the Senate by the reading of the re-
port. He presented his petition to the other
Mouse for relief. _lhe committee of the other
?.u~e rePprted a joint resolution granting him
relief to the extent of seven thousand and
some odd hundred dollars for that part of his
contract which referred to the erection of fences
  v-v-iucctiico, <uiu gave mm no relief
whatever m regard to the claim which he sets
up m his petition for the difference between
the price which he had to pay for furnishing
the coffins and the price for which he con-
tracted to make and deliver them: but tho
House did this m that behalf; in consequent
of the hmderance by the enemies of the counts
by floods, and by toe, he was unable to deliver
