226
SUPPLEMENT TO
Now, the proposition is, we having got a
king who is responsible, to see if we cannot
have the ministers shield the king. That is
the proposition; whether the advice of the
Cabinet ministers can shield the Chief; in other
words, whether the Constitution has placed
these heads of Departments around him as aids
or shields. That is the question ; because if
that can be done then impeachment is ended
in this country for any breach of law, for there
will be no President who cannot find Cabinets
subservient enough to advise him as he wants
to be advised, especially if they are dependent
upon his will, and he cannot be restrained by
law from removing them. If he has this power,
as he said he had, in a message which is ap-
pended as one of his exhibits, in which he also
says that if Mr. Stanton had told him that he
thought that law was constitutional, he would
have removed him before it went into effect,
then any President can find a Cabinet subser-
vient enough to him to give him advice, and
if that advice can shield him there is an end 
Mr. CURTIS. Allow me to interrupt you,
Mr. Manager, to understand what you are say-
ing. What message do you refer to ?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Lest I should
make any mistake, perhaps I had better read it.
Mr. CURTIS. I only want to know what
message you refer to.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I am perfectly
willing to road it; if you will spare mo a mo-
ment, I will give you the page. [Examining
the official report.] I do not find it. I am cer-
tain, however, it is in one of the messages; I
think in the message of December 12, 18G7,
you will find the phrase. 1 refer to ono of the
messages given in evidence in this case in which
(and with the leave of the counsel and the Senate
I will take care that the exact quotation appears
in my remarks,) ho says, in substance, that if
Mr. Stanton had informed him that he would
not leave upon being asked under this law, he
would have taken care to remove him before
it went into operation, or words to that effect.
1 say if that unlimited power can be held by the
President, then he can always defend himself
by his Cabinet. Let us look at it in the light
of another great criminal whom you, sir, may
be called upon to try some time or other. I
have no doubt he had a Cabinet around him
by whose advice ho can defend himself for most
of the treasons which he committed. I have
no doubt at all upon that proposition.
Lot us take it in another view. I have had
gentlemen say to me upon this question "Why,
would you not allow a military commander,
who should either make a battle or forbear a
battle, to show that he called a council of
officers and what their advice was to justify
him in the case of his refusal to give battle or
ofhis giving battle improvidently." To that 1
answer that I would do so, but I make a wide
distinction: I would not let any general call
around him his staff officers, dependent on his
breath for their official existence, and allow
them to show their opinions as a shield for liis
acts.
I do not, as I said, propose by any means to
argue this question. 1 proposed simply when
I rose to open the proposition, and I desire to
put in a single authority as a justification why
I did myself the honor to say that Jefferson
thought it the better opinion that the constitu-
tional right of the Cabinet was to give opinions
in writing, and that is the better constitutional
principle. 1 hold iu my hand Story's Com-
mentaries on tho Constitution, second volume,
and I read the third note to scction fourteen
hundred and ninety-four.
"Mr. Jefferson has informed lis that in Washing-
ton's administration for measures of difficulty a con-
sultation was held with the heads of Departments
either assembled or taking their opinions separately
in conversation or in writing. In his own adminis-
tration he followed the practice of assembling the
heads of Departments as a Cabinet council; but he
has added that ho thinks tho course of requiring tho
separate opinion in writing of each head of a De-
partment is most strictly within tho spirit of the
Constitution, for the other does in fact transform the
Executive into, a directory."—4 Jefferson'a Corre-
spondence, 143.14-f.
I have here, and I only propose to refer to
it, in the third volume of Adams's works, in
the appendix, an opinion of Mr. Jefferson fur-
nished to General Washington upon the ques-
tion of Washington's right to fix the grade of
embassadors, the right to appoint being in the
Constitution, and whether the Senate had a
right to negative that grade so fixed by the
President. There is an example of one of
the opinions that President Washington re-
quired of his Secretary of State as early as
April 24, 1700, upon this very question of ap-
pointment to office, and we have it now to be
seen and read of all men ; whereas if it had
not been for this trial we never should have
known what the opinion of the Secretary of
the Navy was on this great constitutional ques-
tion.
Before I sit down I will call the attention of
the learned counsel [Mr. Curtis] to the mes-
sage to which I referred. It will be found on
the 40th page of the proceedings of this trial,
and the words are:
" If any one of these gentlemen had then said to
mo that he would avail himself of the provisions of
that bill in case it bocamo a law, I should not have
hesitated a moinont as to his removal."
Mr. CURTIS. What message is that ?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Of the 12th of
December, 18G7, on the suspension of Mr.
Stanton. It is in evidence, and will be found
on the -IGth page of tho proceedings.
Mr. EVARTS. We understand that the
Managers have exhausted their opening argu-
ment on this point ?
Mr. Manager BUTLEI'w Yes, sir.
Mr. EVAltTS. Tho difference, as wo un-
derstood, between the honorable Manager's
statement of what was contained in the mes-
sage and what is really in the message, is that
he put it upon the President's statement that
if it had been pronounced a constitutional law
by Mr. Stanton lie would have removed him.
The point of the President's statement was
that there was a concurrence of all the Secre-
taries who were appointed by Mr. Lincoln that
they were not within tho law; and if they had
taken the opposite ground there would then
have been an opportunity l'or him to have Cab-
inet ministers of his own appointment for the
law to take effect upon.
The question as stated by the honorable
Manager is, whether the President can show
his opinions and the advice ofhis Cabinet as to
the unconstitutionality of a law as a justifica-
tion ofhis refusal to obey the law. That is the
proposition on which they rest their argument.
Now, Mr. Chief Justice and Senators, this in-
volves more or less the general merits of this
case, as they have, necessarily, perhaps, some-
what anticipated by incidental arguments ; but
we do not propose to occupy your time with
preliminary discussions of what must form a
very large and important part of the final con-
siderations to be disposed of in this case. It
is enough in reference to the question of evi-
dence when it is introduced in a trial, that it
should be apparent that the premises of con-
sideration both of fact and of law in the different
views that are to be insisted upon, and in the
different views that may be maintained by the
court within those premises, permit the intro-
duction of evidence authentic in itself and trust-
worthy, to be used and applied according to the
final theory of law and fact as the court shall
adopt it.
Now, tho proposition in this matter on the
part of the Managers may be stated briefly
thus, as it has often been repeated, that in
regard to tho civil tenure act, if what was done
by the President on the 21st of February, 1868,
in tho writing out and delivery of these two
orders, one upon Mr. Stanton to surrender,
and one to General Thomas to take charge of
the surrendered office, if those two papers make
a consummate crime, then the law imports an
intent to do the thing done, and so to commit
the crime, and that all else is inapplicable
legally within the purview of an impeachment
and its trial as much as it might or would bo
upon a question of a formal infraction of a
statute under an indictment punishable by fine.
That is one view. It will be for you to determ-
ine hereafter whether a violation of a statute,
however complete, is necessarily a high crime
and misdemeanor within the meaning of the
Constitution for which this remedy of impeach-
ment must be sought, and must carry its pun-
ishments.
So, too, it is not to be forgotten that in the
matter of defense the bearing of all the cir-
cumstances of intent and of deliberation and
inquiry and pursuit of duty on the part of a
great official to arrive at and determine what
is his official duty, under an apparent conflict
between the Constitution and the law, forms
a part of the general issue of impeachment
and defense. Our answer, undoubtedly, does
set forth and claim that whatever we have
done in the premises has been done upon the
President's judgment of liis duty under the
Constitution of the United States, and after
that deliberate and responsible, upright and
sincere effort to get all the aid and light on the
subject of his duty that was accessible within
his powers. One of this most important, one
always recognized as among the most import-
ant of the aids and guides, supports, and de-
fenses which the Chief Magistrate of the coun-
try is to have in the opinion of the people at
large, in the opinion of the two Houses of
Congress, in the opinion even of judicial con-
sideration, when a case shall properly come
before a court, of whether he has pursued his
duty or attempted to pursue his duty, is the
view that these chief officers of the Govern-
ment. (under liis constitutional right to call
upon them for their opinions, and under the
practice of this Government to convene them
in council for the purpose of arriving at those
opinions) have given him in regard to the pro-
posed mailer of conduct and dutj'.
And this matter of evidence here touches
that part of the case, and is to supply that por-
tion of the evidence of what care, what delib-
eration, what advice attended the steps of the
President as he proceeded in the stress in
which he was placed of the obligation of the
Constitution in respect to an act of Congress
which had received the constitutional major-
ities of the two Houses in the very matter in
which he was called upon to proceed, not by a
voluntary caseassumed by him, but in a matter
pressing upon his duty as President in regard
to the conduct of one of the chief Departments
of the Government.
That is the range of the issue, and that is
the application of this evidence. That it bears
upon the issue, and is authentic testimony
within the range of tho President's right and
duly to aid and support himself in the per-
formance ofhis office cannot be doubted.
But it is said that this involves matter of
grave constitutional difficulty, and that if this
kind of evidence is to be adduced that will be
the end of all impeachment trials, for it will be
equivalent to the authority claimed under the
British Constitution, but denied, that the
king's order shouldshield the minister. When-
ever any such pretension as that is set forth
here, that the order of the Cabinet in council
for any act of tho President is to shield him
from his amenability under the Constitution
for trial and judgment upon his aet before this
constitutional tribunal, it will be time enough
to insist upon the argument, or to attempt an
answer.
But it is produced here as being a part of
the conduct of the President, the whole of
whose conduct, as it shall be displayed before
you in evidence, is to furnish the basis in fact
for your judgment and sentence concerning it
under tho view of the Constitution and the law.
Nor is there any fear that any^ such privilege,
or any such right, as we call it, should inter-
fere with the due power of this tribunal and
the proper responsibility of all great officers
of the Government to it. On the questions
that, as we suppose, make up the sum and cata-
logue of crimes against the State within the
general proposition of impeachable offenses, it
is impossible that matters of this kind should
come in to play. On treason or bribery or
