3308
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
and upon that motion I call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. HARDING. I move that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay on the
table takes precedence of the motion to post-
pone.
Mr. BROOMALL. If the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Harding] will withdraw his mo-
tion, I will agree to yield some time to him
when this question again comes up.
Mr. HARDING. Very well; I will with-
draw the motion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was upon the motion of Mr.
Bkoomall,-to postpone until Tuesday next.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
should the House be engaged on Tuesday next
in the consideration of the tax bill this would
be postponed until after that was disposed of.
Mr. BROOMALL. We cannot help that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair deemed it
proper to inform the House of the possible
result of postponing this subject till Tuesday
next.
Mr. BROOMALL. I am urged by friends
to substitute Monday for Tuesday.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been seconded and the main question ordered
upon the motion to postpone, and the gentle-
man cannot now modify his motion except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. ELDRIDGE and Mr. HIGBY objected.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move to reconsider
the vote ordering the main question.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. BROOMALL. I now modify my mo-
tion so that this subject be postponed till Mon-
day next after the morning hour, and upon
that motion I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the motion to postpone was
agreed to.
Mr. BROOMALL moved to reconsider the
vote just taken; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled dills signed.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bilIs of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (S. No, 104) to provide for appeals
from the judgments of the Court of Claims, and
for other purposes;
An aet (S. No. 280) granting a pension to
Michael Hennessy, of Platte county, Missouri;
An aet (S. No. 377) to change the time of
holding the district and circuit courts of the
United States in the several districts in the
State of Tennessee; and
An act (S. No. 425) granting a pension to
George Bennett.
business on the speaker's table.
Mr. ELIOT. I move that the House now
proceed to the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
lincoln monument association.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
were the amendments of the Senate to House
joint resolution No. 21C, to authorize the Sec-
retary of War to place at the disposal of the
Lincoln Monument Association damaged and
captured ordnance; which were read as fol-
lows :
Amend the resolution by inserting after the word
"authorized'' the words " at his discretion," and
after " 1867 " inserting the word "sucfa," and after
the word " captured " inserting "bronze and brass
so as to make the resolution read:
That the Secretary of War be, and hois hereby,
authorized at his discretion to place at the disposal
of the Lincoln Monument Association, incorporated
by an act of Congress entitled "An aet to incorpo-
rate the Lincoln Monument Association," approved
March 3i), 1867, such damaged and captured bronze
and brass suns and ordnance, out of which to cast
the statues of the principal figures surmounting and
to be incorporated in said structure: Provided, That
no metal as aforesaid shall bo thus appropriated
until the voluntary contributions for said purpose
actually in tho hands of the treasurer shall amount
to $100,U00.
Add at the end of the resolution thefollowing:
And no more metal sball be thus appropriated
than what shall be actually used for the purpose of
casting tlio figures as herein mentioned.
Mr. DRIGGS. I will say that the associa-
tion are willing to accept these amendments.
The amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendments of the Senate
were concurred in ; and also moved that 'the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
pmnted mail mattjsk.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was the amendment of the Senate to House
bill No. 170, to amend an act entitled "An
act to provide for carrying the mails from the
United States to foreign ports, and for other
purposes," approved March 25, 1804, which
was read as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and in lieu
thereof insert, tho following :
The operation of tho fourth section of an act to
provide for carrying tho mails of tho United States
to foreign ports, and for other purpose, approved
March ilo, 1 SCi), shall cease and determine on and
after the 30th day of September, 1868.
The fourth section of the law of March 25,
1854, is as follows :
"And be it further enacted, That all mailable matter
which may bo convoyed by mail westward beyond
the western boundary of Kansas, and eastward Iro'in
the eastern boundary of California, shall be subjcct
to prepaid letter-postage rates: Provided, however,
That this section shall not bo held to extend to tho
transmission by mail of newspapers from a known
office of publication to bona fide subscribers, not
exceeding one copy to each subscriber, nor to franked
matter to and fiom the intermediate points between
the boundaries above named at tho usual rates:
Provided further, That'such franked matter shall be
subject to such regulations as to its transmission and
delivery as the Postmaster General shall prescribe."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the bill
and amendment be referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CAYANAUGIT. Iaskthe gentleman to
yield to ine to make a statement in regard to
this bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Montana.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Mr. Speaker, as I
understand this bill, it is relative to carrying
the mails across the country, and to repealthat
provision of the existing law charging letter
postage upon all printed matter from west of
the western honndary of Kansas and east of tho
eastern boundary of California. If I am wrong
the chairman of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads will correct me. Now,
sir, I make the statement to this House that
every pound of printed matter that goes from
the east to the west of Kansas to the people
of Montana, Nevada, Colorado, Idaho, Utah,
New Mexico, and Arizona, pays this corpora-
tion of Wells, Fargo & Co. from seventy-five
cents to one dollar per pound. Instead of
being able to purchase the Atlantic Monthly or
Harper's Magazine, tho Times, Herald, Tri-
bune, or some other favorite newspaper at a
reasonable rate, our people have to pay all the
way from fifty cents to $1 50 a copy for the
magazines and twenty-five cents for the papers
I have named. The provisions of the law, as
it stands, are most unjust. There are in the
Territory of Colorado from twenty-five to thirty
thousand people; in Utah seventy-five thou-
sand inhabitants at least; in Idaho over fifty
thousand ; and in Montana over sixty thousand:
in Nevada from thirty to forty thousand. You,
therefore, under the existing law, which it is
proposed now to repeal, tax the intelligence
of the people when you tax their reading matter.
And furthermore, let me state that, gentle-
men are mistaken as to the character of the
people who live in those Territories. We are
a reading people in the West. It is not the fos-
silized remnants of civilization who go to the
West, but the young men with living blood in
their veins. *It is the poor young men and not
Xlie wealthy who go to the West; the young,
the middle aged, and old men of energy and
pluck from New England and the Middle States;
and, sir, they go to reap fortune int.he develop-
ment of the great resources which God in his
wisdom has hidden in our mountains, men who
create and build up new States, who found
new Commonwealths, who add new stars to
the national flag, who lay broad and deep the
foundations of civilization in the hitherto un-
known section of the continent; the ax and
the rifie lead; the church and the school-house
follow.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I ask the gentleman from
Illinois, why the people of the 1 erritories I
have named should be taxed, why this embargo
should be laid on their intelligence, why the
Department at Washington should discriminate
between the Rocky- mountains and Kansas,
Nebraska, Oregon, and California. Why lay
this embargo upon the keystone which holds
the arch of the nation together? ay, this
golden keystone; for almost every mountain
pass, gulch, and canon is rich with the pre-
cious metals, and her teeming soil yields boun-
teous harvests to repay the husbandman for
his industry.
But my friend from Illinois asks, "Why do
you not subscribe for these publications?'' My
answer is those who inhabit the mining regions
are engaged in mining to-day, fifteen hundred
it may be, in one locality, and to-morrow one
half move off to another mining region, start
a new camp, and advance the outposts of civili-
zation, enterprise, and industry ; but carry with
them their love of knowledge and of literature,
and it is the duty of the Government to gratify
that love free from unjust and ungenerous
taxation.
I therefore, Mr. Speaker, earnestly hope that
the House will concur in the Senate amend-
ment to this most just and proper bill, giving
to the reading, thinking, and intelligent masses
of the Territories the same privileges, the same
free access to the mails that you award-to the
people of the older States of the Union.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CH1LCOTT. Mr. Speaker, this bill
was considered and favorably reported from the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
of this House. It passed the House without a
dissenting vote. The Senate amended it, pro-
viding that it take effect in September next,
instead of from and after its passage, as pre-
viously provided in the bill. This amendment
was made to prevent an attempt on the part of
the overland mail contractors from the possi-
bility of recovering damages from the Govern-
ment. This the people of the West will be will-
ing to accept, although not entirely what they
had expected. The bill now before the House
provides for the repeal of the fourth section of
an act ''to provide for carrying the mails of
the United States to foreign ports, and for
other purposes," approved March 21, 1864.
The section we propose to repeal provides
"that all mailable matter which may be con-
veyed by mail westward from the western
boundary of Kansas, and eastward from the
eastern boundary of California, shall be sub-
ject to prepaid letter postage rates thus dis-
criminating against all the States and Terri-
tories between said boundaries, and which has
the effect of keeping from the reach of the
intelligent and honest pioneer of the West the
periodicals and literary works of the day,
unless they pay express freight thereon to the
overland mail contractors to the amount of
sixty or seventy cents per pound, or pay post-
age to the amount of ninety-six cents per
I pound. And the reasons for the contractors
j struggling so haid against the repeal of this
| obnoxious and unjust law, is from the fact that
| it will prevent them from robbing our pioneer
j citizens by forcing them to pay express freight
. on every book that they may see proper to send
Last for, thus unjustly making millions of dol-
l iars out of the hard-earned money of the eiti-
| zens of the West.
| This bill proposes to repeal that which, in
i my judgment, is anti-republican, because it
