1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1261
President afterward I told him that I understood
that there wore persons here from New lork who
were saying in the hotels that they would not loan
money to the (jrovernmcnt as long as a disloy.il man
was Secretary of the Treasury. I repeated that to
the e&ulent, aud the thing waspassed over without
any comment."
Tho "thing was passed over without any
comment" on tho part of the President, liis old
friend. It is not surprising, as I shall show,
that the President was silent as to this accusa-
tion ; bat Mr. Thomas proceeds:
"I do not recollect that he made any comment upon
it, but I suppose that the visitation of the committee
from New York to the President, referred to by Mr.
Vail, and his conversation with lho o gentlemen, was
followed by events which did take place."
It is very probable it was " followed by events
which did take place."
"I received an invitation to go to the President's
House, that ho wished to see me on business. When
I entered the room I was inlormed by him that there
were persons fiom New York who said that as long
as I'was Secretary of tho Treasury money could not
be obtained for the use of the Government in the way
ot loans, and I forthwith said, ' Then, sir, I lesign tile
place. If you arc determined to allow people to come
here and discuss my management of the Treasury
Department, and say such things of me, I cannot
stay in that relation to you;' and I told liira X would
furnish my resignation next morning, and I did so.
I resigned tho office on that account, and none other."
Mr. Thomas thus solemnly states before the
committee of which my honorable friend from
Illinois is chairman, andinhispresence, as I sup-
pose, that he resigned his place because cer-
tain bankers from New York had called upon
President Buchanan and told liim that money
could not be raised by the Government at that
time if Mr. Thomas remained in the office of
Secretary of the Treasury. Mr. Thomas does
not assume to say, however, in his statement
that President Buchanan sympathized in the
slightest degree with this story told him by the
New York bankers ; thereis no proof that ill*.
Buchanan believed one word these bankers
said ; there is an utter absence of all proof that
he distrusted Mr. Thomas in the slightest de-
gree. On the other band, the proof is clear
that Mr. Buchanan, notwithstanding this com-
plaint, now regarded as so injurious to Mr.
Thomas, was still his friend ; and the proof
from Mr. Vail is that on that very occasion on
which the bankers called upon Mr. Buchanan
the latter severely rebuked them to their faces,
and asked them '• if they intended to dictate to
him who should compose his Cabinet."
Such is in proof. The President is still
friendly to Mr. Thomas ; Mr. Thomas still en-
joyed his confidence, attachment, and friend-
ship. This cannot be denied. Mr. iliomashas
not assumed to deny it, or to intimate the slight-
est doubt of the fidelity and confidence of Mr.
Buchanan toward himself; aud yet, although
that intimate and friendly state of things ex-
isted between them, although Mr. Buchanan
was his warm and confiding l'rieud, when Mr.
Buchanan tells Mr. Thomas that these men
had come from New York and spoken thus,
he is suddenly seized with resentment, and de-
clares to Mr. Buchanan, " If you suffer men to
come and talk against me in this way 1 will
resign my place!"
Sir, this statement of Mr. Thomas, so far as
it tends to evolve his motives in sending in his
resignation, is not to be relied upon, ft is in-
consistent with his confessed friendship for Mr.
Buchanan ; inconsistent with the fact that Mr.
Buchanan still had confidence in him ; aud
totally inconsistent with, and contradictory of,
the letter of resignation he sent in a few days
afterward to the President. Let it be remem-
bered at the same time, that this arriere pense,
this after-thought, or, if I may be pardoned
the expression, this contrivance of getting up
anew motive by which tho one expressed in
his letter of resignation was to be entirely hid-
den fiom our view, is, after all, but a pretext;
a manifest artifice to do away with the stub-
born facts which previously existed, aud which
were before the Committee on the Judiciary,
in the shape of his letter of resignation, and
other documentary evidence.
I hold in my hand a volume known as the
Annual Cyclopaedia for 1801. Here I find a
letter from. Jacob Thompson, dated the 8th of
January, 1881, tendering his resignation to the
President as Secretary of the Interior, for the
reason that tho President had made up his
mind to send reinforcements to Fort Sumter
and had refused to evacuate all the forts in
Charleston harbor. That letter of Thompson
was very accusatory in reference to the Presi-
dent, so much so that the latter thought it his
duty, on the next day, to answer it at length.
In the course of his reply to Thompson, dated
the 9th of January, 1861, speaking of a Cabinet
meeting which was held on the 2d day of Jan-
uary,.1861, at which Mr. Thomas was piesent,
as well as the other five members, for there
were only six at that time, he says :
*' In order to carry it"—
Referring to his former promise for a suspen-
sion of liis orders—
"In order to carry it info effect I called a special
Cabinet meeting on Wednesday, January 2, 18(51,
in which tho question of -sending reoniorcements to
Fort Sumter was amply discussed both by yourself
and others. The decided majority of opinions was
against you," (Thompson.) "Atlliis moment the
answer of the South Carolina 'commissioners' to my
commanication to them ol 31st December was re-
ceived aud read."
Here we have a Cabinet in council, consist-
ing of six gentlemen, and during the sittings
ot that Cabinet meeting on the 2d of January
the impudent and defiant letter of the South
Carolina commissioners addressed to Mr. Bu-
chanan was laid before them and read, read
and discussed by them in the hearing of Mr.
Thomas eeituinly, if not by himself us a mem-
ber of the Cabinet; and Mr. Buchanan says:
"It produced much indignation among tho mem-
bers of tho Cabinet. Alter a brief com er^a tion, I
employed the foliov.'ing language."
Now, I ask Senators to listen to the language
which President Buchanan addressed to Ins
Cabinet, including Mr. Thomas, on that 2d of
J anuary:
"It is now all over, and reinforcements must bo
sent. Judge Black said, at tho moment, to my
decision, that alter this letter tho Cabinet would bo
unanimous, and I heard no dissenting i oice. 1 ndecd,
the f-i>iiit and tone ot the letter Icit, no doubt on
my mmd that Fort Sumter would bo immediately
attacked, and hence Che nece^uy of sending reen-
foreements there without delay.
" While you admit 'that on Wednesday, January
2, this subject was again discussed in Cabinet,' you
say, 'but. uertamly no conclusion was reached, and
the "War Department was not justified in ordeiingre-
ciiforcements withoutsomething more than was then
said.' You are certainly mistaken in alleging that
' no conclusion was reached.' In this your recollec-
tion is entirely different from that of your four oldest
colleagues in the Cabinet."
Who were the "four oldest colleagues in the
Cabinet?" They were the following: Black,
Secretary of State; Toucey, Secretary of the
Navy; Holt, Secretary of War; and Thomas,
Secretary of the Treasury. So that we have
the authority of Mr. Buchanan for saying that
Mr. Thomas was then in Cabinet Council and
heard him declare "it is now all over, and re-
enforcements must be sent" to Charleston. It
is veiy true that the President does not say
which side of the question Mr. Thomas took;
that was not necessary : it is sufficient for ray
purpose to show that Mr. Thomas well under-
stood the order of the President on that day,
that reenforeements must be sent. But Mr.
Buchanan proceeds :
"Indeed, my language was so unmistakable that
the Secretaries of War and tho Navy proceeded to
act umia it without any further inteicourse with my-
self than what jou heaid oi might have heaid me
say."
On the 8th of that month, as I have already
remarked, Thompson resigned on account of
this order having been made—for that reason,
and for that sole reason. On the 11th, three
days after, Mr. Thomas, his mind being still
fresh in its recollection of this Cabinet meet-
ing. and bis memory in full and complete pos-
session of the fact that his chief had ordered
reenforeements to be sent to Charleston, states
in his letter of resignation:
" It has not been in my power, as you are awnrc, to
agree with you and with a majority oi your consti-
tutional advi&ers in tho measures which have been
adopted in reference to the present condition of
things in South Carolina."
What were the measures already "adopted."
referred to in this letter ? Why, sir, the great
measure of all other measures was the order
to reenforce Port Sumter. That was the meas-
ure, and it was that measure in which Mr.
Thomas could not concur with his chief, and
he says so in the plainest terms. He leaves no
doubt or uncertainty in the matter. The fact
was that he could not concur in the reinforce-
ment of Fort Sumter, and he declares this sol-
emnly in an official letter which was immedi-
ately published to the world; and the whole
world knew on the next day what was the real
motive of Thomas for resigning his place.
But this is not all the evidence contained in
in this letter of resignation. He goes on in
the next paragraph to declare;
"Under such circumstances, after mature con-
sideration"-—
Not hastily, not without a full and completa
knowledge of all the facts and circumstances,
but after "mature consideration"—
"I have concluded that I cannot longer continuo
in your Cabinet without embarrassment to you and
an exposure of myself to the just criticism of those
who are acquainted with my opinions upon tho
subj'eet."
He cannot remain with his old friend any
longer without exposing himself to the just
criticism of whom ? Of those who were well
acquainted with his opinions. Who composed
the class of persons who took so much interest
in Mr. Thomas's opinions? There can be but
one answer to the question, and that is that
the persons referred to were the secessionists
then launching the thunderbolts of war against
the Government of the country over which life
was presiding as one of its principal magistrates.
Sir, it is impossible, as it seems to me, for
language itself to make a fact plainer or more
unmistakable than the language here used by
Mr. Thomas in assigning the motives of his
lesignation.
The honorable Senator from Illisois [Mr.
Trumbull] in his declamation of yesterday in-
sisted that the evidence in this case is wrapped
up in the verbal statement of Mr. Thomas,
to which I have already referred, that he re-
signed for no other reason and upon no other
motive than that he had been slandered by the
New York bankers in the presence of Mr.
Buchanan, and Mr. Buchanan had tolerated
the presence of persons who spoke ill of him.
This pretense is got up six years after the
event, and we are asked now, in the face of
this conclusive documentary proof to the con-
trary, to credit afterthought. We are asked
by the honorable Senator from Illinois to be-
lieve that this verbal statement of Mr. Thomas
is the whole of the evidence in the ease touch-
ing the reasons of his resignation ; and because
we choose to rest our objections upon the pre-
vious documentary evidence furnished by Mr.
Thomas we are accused of suppressing the
evidence, of torturing it, "perverting" it. Sir,
what was the honorable Senator from Illinois
thinking of when he made that speech? while
he carefully and ingeniously avoided all allu-
sion to this letter of resignation and to the
facts connected with it? Did be intend to
suppress from the knowledge of the Senate
and the country the main evidence in tho ease?
Was he himself seeking to suppress and per-
vert the truth? His own conscience must an-
swer that question. I will not undertake to
do it. I would prefer to take the charitable
course and say that even the honorable chair-
man of the Judiciary Committee of the Senate
was ignorant, of that important letter of resig-
nation. and therefore did not refer to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator mean
to say that I did not refer to it aud comment
on it?
Mr. HOWARD. I mean to say that the
Senator from Illinois said over and over again
in his place that this statement of Thomas
made before his committee was the whole of
the testimony in the ease on that subject.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator will find
no such statement in my remarks, preferred
to the letter and commented upon it in my
