2286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
which I was perfectly familiar. • I knew him
. personally and intimately at that time. He
went off ana became a citizen of the State of
lennessee. I knew him to be an earnest,
honest man. He engaged in a contract which,
on the face of it, seems to be a foolish one, at
an insufficient price. He agreed to deliver
forty or fifty thousand coffins at ninety cents
a-piece. It seems from the testimony, which
is spread out at great length in this report, that
it was utterly impossible for any man to com-
ply literally with the terms of that contract.
I he result is that, on account of the burning
of his mills and the inability to perform'the
contract, he eould not supply in some placcs
the coffins demanded, and the quartermasters
had coffins made at the Government expense,
costing $2^ 50 each, and they deducted the loss
thus sustained by the Government from the
price of those he actually delivered. He de-
livered about forty-three thousand coffins at
ninety cents each, for which he was to receive
about forty thousand dollars, and it is pro-
posed to take from the amount coming to him
the loss and damage caused by his inability to
comply with his contract, so that he will bo
ruined by the operation. This man is engaged
in a patriotic duty, displaying great ability,
great zeal, and great fidelity. He is a man of
great energy; I know him personally ; a man
of pure character, who entered into this mat-
ter from the best of motives. He is likely to
be ruined by the Government enforcing against
him a hard contract. It seems to me that it is
a case for the equitable relief which Congress
alone can render.
As for enforcing against him these stoppages,
that I think would not be done in any court of
justice; because the fact that he did all that
any man could do to execute the contract would
be sufficient in a court of law or equity to pre-
ventaliteral enforcementof the contract. Hav-
ing done all that any man could possibly do,
no more should be required of him.
The $7,000 proposed to bo allowed to him
lor the additional expenses incurred in making
' the fences around the cemeteries is a perfectly
proper item; because it seems from the report
that he encountered difficulties not contem-
plated at the time the contract was made; that
in certain cases they had to dig post holes
through to the rock, the ground not being firm
enough to put iron bolts down, andthe expense
was increased by unexpected events—a con-
dition of facts that was not contemplated by
either party when the contract was made. In
a case of this kind a court of equity would give
relief on the ground that new facts not known
to either party had occurred.
The only disputed item there can be is the
additional allowance proposed by our com-
mittee of some twelve thousand dollars to in-
sure the future completion of the contract. In
my judgment that is a beneficial provision for
the United States. There are some seventeen
thousand of these coffins yet to be delivered.
If he is allowed to deliver them at ninety cents
each, they will cost the Government, including
the .'512,000, about a dollar and a half each;
but if he is unable to carry out the contract
by the passage of this measure, the Govern-
ment will have to supply those coffins at §2 GO
each.
« ^"^"klNGHUYSEN. I will state to
the Senator from Ohio, that it was oil that
principle, because it was a good arrangement
for the Government, that the committee pro-
posed the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. So it strikes me. I know
nothing about the facts of this case except what
1 find in the report, and I should not have said
a word in regard to it but that I happen to
know Mr. Palmer. I was rather surprised that
he got into a contract of this kind by which he
agreed to make coffins at ninety cents. It
seems to me on the whole the arrangement
proposed by the committee is a fair one, and I
hope the Senate will pass the joint resolution.
Mr. FOWLEIt. 1 will make a remark thafr,
perhaps, will explain to the Senator from Ohio
why the contract was made by this gentleman.
April 8,
I am well aware that Major Palmer is better
known to the Senators from Ohio than he is to
me. Ho was formerly a citizen of Ohio. He
came to the State of Tennessee with the Army.
He was a good soldier. As has been stated by
the Senator from Ohio, he is an earnest, ener
.getie, intelligent gentleman. He purchased
property in a portion of the country that was
not at all congenial to his sentiments. It was
a very unfortunate location for his property.
He has always had difficulty in doing anything
on his farm. He owned a portion of land that
was covered with a very excellent quality of
timber well adapted to this purpose. He
erected saw mills there, and by having such a
vast quantity of timber and fine mills he was
enabled to furnish lumber cheaper than it could
be purchased at any other place, so that this
contract was simply a means of enabling him
to sell his lumber.
As I said, however, his farm was located in
a section of country where there was a great
deal of violence of feeling—unusually so. It
was in a county in which thero was not a soli-
tary vote given for the Union in 18C1 ; and
perhaps there is as much violence of feeling
there as in any portion of the State of Tennes-
see or in any portion of the South. His mills
were burned down, and he was unable to use his
timber as he had expected to use it in fulfilling
this contract, so that ho was forced to go into
the market and purchase lumber at as high
rates as other people, and he was unable to
fulfill his contract, and I think would have been
unable to supply coffins at ninety cents, even
if he had not met with the misfortunes to which
I have alluded.
I believe every Senator knows well enough
that ninety cents is no pricc for a collin. I do
not think there is a Senator here who would
expect. Mr. Palmer or any other man to fulfill
a contract of that kind. It was certainly a
very great exaction.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why did he make such
a contract?
Mr. FOWLER. I do not know, unless it
was for the reasons I have stated. I can only
say that I should not have made such a con-
tract. But, under the circumstances, if ho
could have manufactured his timber on his own
premises he might not have lost,so much by it.
lie undoubtedly meant in good faith to fulfill
the contract; and of my own personal knowl-
edge I can say that he has used almost super-
human exertions to fulfill it. No man ever
put forth greater efforts than he has done for
that purpose. The proof of that fact is before
the committee. For my part, I do not think
the committee have allowed him anything like
equity in the case. I do not suppose there is
a Senator who will examine the facts of the
ease throughout who will hesitate to award
him this small amount of money in order to
save him from utter ruin.
He is a temperate man ; he pays good atten-
tion to everything that he does; he knows the
way to accomplish results; he has acted upon
economical principles; there has been no ex-
travagance whatever in his expenditures; every
effort that he could employ in order to conduct
this business in the most economical manner
has been put forth. 1 know personally that
General Thomas feels very much interest in
this case, and is perfectly aware that Major
Palmer will lose largely by the operation—not
only enough to ruin him, but his securities
also, unless some relief be extended.
The case has been presented by the commit-
tee ; it is unnecessary to go over the facts. I
have merely mentioned the points which I have
stated in order to explain the circumstances
that induccd him to mako the contract in the
first place; and it must be borne in mind that
he has not had an opportunity of meeting his
expectations, because when his mills were
burned down he could no longer secure timber
from his own farm.
Mr. OONKLING. Mr. President 
Mr. MORGAN. I ask my colleague to give
way. It is very evident that this bill cannot
be passed to-day, and I desire now to move an
executive session in accordance with the under-
standing of the Senate yesterday.
Mr. WTLLIiiY. I hope not. Let us pass
the bill.
Mr. CONKLINGr. The understanding yes-
terday was that my colleague should have an
executive session early to-day, and I do not
feel at liberty to object to it. I want to submit
some suggestions about this bill. It concerns
a number of my constituents to know what the
rule in these cases is, and I want to state a case
or two to the Senate, to be put along with this,
as I expect to derive a good deal of light from
what shall be done in Mr. Palmer's case. As
I have no doubt it will take some time, I yield
to my colleague to make his motion.
Mr. MORGAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. FOWLER. I hope that motion will not
be carried.
Mr. CONICLING. Is it debatable ?
The PRESIDENT^roiera^ore. The motion'
is not debatable.
Mr. FOWLER. I did not rise to debate it.
I only rose to express my wish that it would
not bo carried, and that is allowable on all
occasions of the kind.
_ The PRESIDE NT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from New
York. _ _ '
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 14, noes 14.
Mr. FO VV IjlOR. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cattell, Conkling, Dixon, Fessen-
den, (rrimes, Henderson, MeCroery, Morgan, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Pomcroy, Ross. Sauls-
bury. Sherman. Stewart. Sumner, Thayer, Tipton,
Trumbull, Williams, and Wilson—22.
NAYS—Messrs BuckalQW, Cole, Conness, Cragin,
Davis, Kdmunds, Fowler, Frolinghuyscn, lXarlan,
Hendricks, Howard, Howe, Johnson, Morrill of
Maine, Patterson of Tennessee, Van Winkle, Vick-
ers, Wade, and Willey—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cameron,
Chandler, Corbett, iloolitt.lc, Drake. Terry, Norton,
Patteison of New Hampshire, Kamsey, Sprague.and
Yates—13.
So the motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, April 8, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. G. B. Boyxton".
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
message jfrom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. W. J.
McDonald, its Chief Clerk, informed the House
that the Senate had passed the bill (H. R. No.
881) refunding duties paid under protest on the
importation from France of a bell donated for
the use of St. Mary's Institute and Notre Dame
University, Indiana.
Also, that the Senate had passed the bill (H
It. No. 601) making appropriations for the
naval service for tlie year ending June SO,
18C9, with amendments, in which he was di-
reeled to ask the concurrence of the House.
xt 4 e Senate had passed a bill (S
No. 47o) to extend the charter of Washington
city , also to regulate the selection of officers
fq R 1 a,joint isolation
«u;t; P a"t.horl,zl.Ilg the Secretary of
State to adjust certain claims and directing the
payment thereof; in both of which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House!
appropriations !for indian service.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent laid
before the House a letter from the Secretarv
of the Interior, transmitting a communication
rom the Commissioner of Indian Affairs re]a"
tive to the necessity of speedy legislation h.
Congress upon the estimates of apnrom-wL J
for the use of the Indian service ? E
referred to the Committee on ApproDriatiT*
and ordered to be printed. °p ations,
