1262
THE CONGREgSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
remarks, as the Senator will see by the report
in the Globe. There is no such statement there
as the Senator says I made, and I made none
such as he alleges in declaring that I said that
there was no other evidence in the record except
what Mr. Thomas stated before the committee.
Mr. HOWARD. I know not what the re-
ported speech of the Senator may contain or
what it may omit. I have not read it. I know
what he said in his place, and I know this, and
so do other Senators, that he rested his defense
of Thomas, so far as his motive for resigning
was concerned, not upon the letter of resigna-
tion, but wholly and absolutely upon his verbal
testimony before the committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I presume, if the Sen-
ator from Michigan will allow me to interrupt
him, that he does not mean to misstate me. I
wish no question of fact with the Senator; but
to cannot have forgotten, Ithinlc, whatoccurred
yesterday. The testimony of the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Drake] is here in the record ;
he read that portion of the letter which the
Senator now speaks of, and I commented upon
it, and here are the comments which I made
upon it in the Globe of to-day. Attention hav-
ing been called to it by the Senator from Mis-
souri who read it in his remarks, not in mine,
I thereupon commented upon it; whether satis-
factorily or not 1 will not say; but when the
Senator says that I made no allusion to it he
certainly must have forgotten what occurred.
Mr. HOWARD. I have not said that you
made no allusion to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I took down the Sen-
ator's words that he uttered a moment ago ;
he said that I "carefully avoided all allusion
to this letter.''
Mr. HOWARD. I meant by the word
"allusion" anything like a discussion of tho
motive, intent, and meaning of the letter; and
the Senator from Illinois knows as well as I do
that he did evade all discussion of the motive
which led to the writing of that letter.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator will allow
me to say, once for all, as I do not wish to in-
terrupt him, that after I have told him that he
misunderstood me he still insists upon attrib-
uting to me what I did not say. I shall take
occasion to reply hereafter; I will not do it by
way of interruption. I wish, therefore, to say
to the Senator, once for all, that the inferences
which I drew from the letter to which he
alludes may not have been the proper or the
correct ones, but they were such as 1 deemed
proper and correct. I did allude to the letter
and drew from it such inferences as seemed to
me to be legitimate. Of course the Senator
from Michigan will attempt to show that they
were not legitimate if he thinks they were not.
All I mean to say is that it is not true that I
did not allude to the letter and did not draw
my own inferences from it. Whether they were
the legitimate or proper ones or not will be for
each person who paid any attention to what I
did say to decide. They were such as seemed
to me proper.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I have no
disposition to start a question of veracity be-
tween the honorable Senator and myself. I
have stated what I understood to be his re-
marks, what I understood to be the drift of his
argument, what I understood from him to be
the main evidence in the case; and that was
tho verbal statement of Mr. Thomas. He did
not at all rely upon this letter as evidence to
show his motives in leaving the Cabinet. Let
me say further to that honorable Senator, that
it is not always safe to commence with hurling
accusations at his fellows here. He may dis-
cover in the end that that sort of warfare will
not turn out to be profitable, even to
It is not entirely agreeable to sit here and be
accused by the Senator of a disposition to per-
vert the evidence in a solemn proceeding be-
fore us. I promised when I commenced to
endeavor to show who it is here that has per-
verted or suppressed the evidence; at all
I shall endeavor to make it tolerably clear that
I have not done so, and that my colleagues who
have acted with me in this matter have not
done so.
Then, sir, Mr. Thomas, according to the
statement which he makes in his own letter of
resignation, read in the immediate light of sur-
rounding circumstances and events which had
passed within the nine preceding days, resigned
his place because he could not agree with Mr.
Buchanan in the propriety of sending reenforce-
ments to Charleston harbor. That is settled.
You cannot argue the seal off the bond; you
cannot argue this fact outof the case; you can-
not argue that Mr. Thomas in sending that letter
meant one thing, while at the same time he
meant another, and a very different thing. He
now pretends that his only motive was that the
New York bankers had told stories against him
to his friond, Mr. Buchanan. I cannot credit
this statement. Mr. Buchanan had lost no
confidence in him ; he felt kindly toward him;
he did not say a word that was disagreeable to
him in the interview; he found no fault with
him ; yet Mr. Thomas would have us believe
that he resigned because several gentlemen
came into Mr. Buchanan's room and told him
that money could not be borrowed by the Gov-
ernment while Mr. Thomas remained at the
head of the Treasury Department. Could Mr.
Buchanan prevent those gentlemen from coming
to him? Was it an offense on his part toward
his friend, Thomas, that he had admitted the
New York bankers to his presence? Is it
usual for Presidents of the United States to
shut the door against gentlemen of eminence
and influence in the country, who call upon
them on public business? No, sir. It would
have been an act of rudeness to have closed his
doors against these New York gentlemen. The
interests of the country required him to admit
them to a conference; but because lie did so,
because he observed toward those bankers the
usual courtesy of a President of tho United
States toward his fellow-citizens, and suffered
them to talk to him openly about Mr. Thomas,
Mr. Thomas will now have us believe that it
was a just ground of offense to him, and that
he therefore threw up his commission.
Sir, as I stated before, this is incredible.
Had it, on the other hand, been tho purpose of
Mr. Thomas to get up testimony in order to do
away with the plain expressions of his letter;
if he had been so anxious to obtain a seat in
this Senate as to induce him to get up a case
in his own favor, or to invent facts and evidence
in support of his claim, I could have expected
him to resort to this precise artifice, if it was
one, of pretending that ho resigned because he
was slandered to Mr. Buchanan. But, sir, such
was not the case. Such could not, in the nature
of things, have been the case. The pretense is
inconsistent with his then situation and utterly
inconsistent with the declarations in his Jelter.
Which of these two is to be believed, the letter
written at the time in an official capacity, writ-
ten "after due deliberation," published at
once to the world, binding upon him as a public
officer? Shall we believe the statement of this
letter, or shall we credit his verbal statement
made six years afterward in his own interest,
in the committee, when he is seeking to obtain
a seat upon this floor? That is tile question.
Which will the world believe? If one of these
statements be true, the other is untrue, so that
in either case Mr. Thomas has been guilty of
an untruth and prevarication. It is for the Sen-
ate and for every reflecting man to determine
which of these inconsistent statements is true.
Mr. President, I have to call attention to an-
other portion of the testimony of Mr.Thomas.
He made himself a witness before the commit-
tee. If we find him contradicting himself or
making improbable statements upon any sub-
ject,we all know that less weight is to be given
to his evidence. It was sworn to before the
committee that immediately on his nomination
as Senator of the United States by the caucus
in Maryland he made a speech, in which he
allowed himself—speaking of the so-called
Radical members of Congress—to call them
"traitors." The person who reported his
speech was called as a witness before the com-
mittee, and in the course of his testimony he
produced the original short notes he took of
the speech. The name of this witness is Mc-
Garrigle. Here are the notes of the speech
which McGarrigle took at the time it was de-
livered :
" Honor conferred fills with profound sensibility.
Owe debt gratitude never be able to repay. Pledge
himself, if permitted to take his seat, to assert rights
native State and maintenance Federal Union. N eed
not remind scenes of blood and estrangement of war.
Men now assembled at Washington who, before war
occurred, were bent upon dissolving Union. Went
to war, believing it tantamount to dismemberment.
Now bent on establishment of military despotism.
Goes there to face these men, who are now, and always
were, traitors to Union."
Now, sir, it is pretended here that Mr.
Thomas never made any such speech, and his
advocates on this floor insist that this point is
an entire mistake. This witness swears pos-
itively that he sat directly under Mr. Thomas
while he was making the speech, there made
these short notes of it, ana that it is substan-
tially a true report. On the examination of
the witness Mr. Thomas put to him the ques
tions and received the answers which I will
read:
"Question. When I came down that night from tha
Speaker's chair of the House of Delegates, from
which X spoke, did you not meet me and ask me if I
would write out my speech?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. What reply did 1 make?
"Answer. You said you had not time; it was a
matter of surprise to you; and you would see about
it in the morning.
"Question. Did I not rather say that I never was in
tho habit of writing out speeches; that I did not
knowwhat I had said,and did not know that X could
write out what I had said?
"Answer. I do not remember that as the conversa-
tion, but I am not positive about it."
Now, let us turn over a few pages and read
the deliberate statement of Mr. Thomas in re-
spect to that speech. He states before the
committee in his own person:
"There is another matter which has given me
great concern and pain. I was met on my coming
to tho Senate with a report in the Baltimore Amer-
ican of a speech made by me in a, Democratic caucus,
and language was imputed to me which I am inca-
pable of uttering in reference to any gentleman, and
which indicates a state of opinion that I never en-
tertained, and do not now entertain. I have con-
versed with gentlemen who heard my specch, and
asked them it they understood me to indulge myself
in such wholesale denunciation of gentlemen in
Congress."
He had called them "traitors."
" I never dreamed of such a thing. I entertained
no such opinions, and it is impossible that I could
have given utterance to them. It would be contrary
to tho whole tenor of my life if I did. The commit-
tee will remember that last summer the person who
made that roport was examined."
I have just read from the testimony of that
witness.
"I asked him about the circumstances, but he
seemed to have forgotten them. The facts are, that
when i got off the stand, whore I was speaking, he
ahked me if I could wiite out the speech lor him. X
told him that I really did not knowwhat I had said,
and did not know that I could do it.
Now, sir, with what face can a man come
forward and declare that he did not use a par-
ticular expression, in a particular speech, in
the face of positive testimony of an eye-wit-
ness and ear-witness to the contrary, and in
the same breath affirm that he did not know
what he said'/" Sir, this is not a veryweisrhty
reply to the positive testimony of the witness
McGarrigle. Ihomas, by his own confession,
did not know what he said, and yet he still
comes out with a plump denial that he made
a statement which a disinterested witness on
the spot swears ho did make. I should call
this, under ordinary circumstances, careless
swearing; but it only tends to carry out and
confirm the idea which I have already advanced,
that this defense of Mr. Thomas is an after-
thought, and that he has been driven by his
own consciousness of the weakness of his
case to resort to contrivances which truth and
consistency condemn. He "did not know
what he said," and still he swears positively
that he did not say what the witness declares
he did say.
Mr. President, one word further about tho
