3310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
per half ounce, or ninety-six cents per pound,
for carrying those mails that forty or fifty miles.
Now, consider that the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads were unanimously
in favor of this bill, -that it passed the House
without opposition and went to the Senate,
and they passed it, with a provision that it
should take effect from and after the 30th
of September next, when the bill comes back
here we who are more« immediately interested
are willing to accept this bill in this form,
especially as by that time the route will be
decreased in length several hundred miles.
Now, then, Mr. Speaker, I hope that even-
handed justice will be meted out to the people
who live west of the western boundary of Kan-
sas and east of the eastern boundary of Cali-
fornia. The law affects only those east of
California. Those who live east of Oregon
are not affected because of the peculiar phrase
ology of the law, which is from the eastern
line of California eastward, and from the west-
ern meridian of the western line of Kansas
westward. This bill simply places them upon
the same bases with all the other people of
the United States. The mails will not be
overloaded because there will be no more
matter than now. It will be no heavier than
it, now is, but it will Velievc -the people from
paying this express company such price as it
may choose to put upon printed matter. This
being the effect of the bill I hope it will now
be acted upon and passed. It is just as cor-
rect now as in the early part of the session.
As to Wells, Fargo & Co., I insist, as a matter
of justice to the people between Kansas and
California, we should not give them any more
favors than other people; that we ought not
to give them more than other people are will-
ing to receive for carrying that mail matter.
1 learn that propositions are made to carry
this mail under the change of the law, as sug-
gested, for $330,000. i hope the House will
pass the pending measure.
Mr. FA.I1NS WORTH. I think now I' will
resume the floor and decline to yield further.
Mr. BASHFORD. I hope the gentleman
will yield to me for three minutes.
Mr. FAltNSWORTH. I will yield to the
delegate from Arizona for three minutes.
Mr. BASHFORD. Mr. Speaker, this bill
has been deliberately considered in this House.
All the objections made to it were met at the
time when it passed. It was deliberately con-
sidered in the Senate, and they put an amend-
ment upon the bill fixing a future day for it to
go into operation. No one can object to that
except the friends of the bill. Instead of going
into effect immediately it is to go into effect at
a future day. We make no objection to that.
If I understand the chairman of the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads he does
not go back and renew the objections made
here at the time the bill was passed, but says
that since that time there have been contracts
entered into, and this would affect those con-
tracts, and those contractors would come here
and charge the Government more than they
otherwise would if we should take this restric-
tion off of printed mail matter. Now, this
question has been before Congress for the last
year and more. This bill was introduced a long
time before; and, sir, if it had been desirable,
if tke Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads had wished this bill to pass, how easy it
would have been for them to suspend, by joint
resolution, the letting of these contracts until
this bill was passed, and then urged the bill
through the House, putting our people upon
equal footing in all respects with other people
ot the United States. The pioneers who go
into our remote Territories have hardships
enough to endure. They have dangers and
troubles to meet from the Indians. You have
collectors and receivers of public money among
us. You make us help bear the burdens of
Government, and yet deny us the right to send
newspapers and other printed matter through
the mails. I think it would be a great injustice
not to pass this at once. I hope, therefore, it
will not be referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am only desirous
the House should understand this matter. I
have here now the figures showing the differ-
ence in these bids. These contracts before let
very soon. The contractors -must make pro-
vision for their forage before the season is far
advanced. There are five bids for carrying this
mail. Wells. Fargo <& Co., $1,300,000, with
the nnderstandingthat they are to carry printed
matter if we pass this bill. There are four other
bids, and theliighestof which is $460,000, being
$900,000 less than the bid of Wells, Fargo &
Co. These other bidders made these bids with
reference to the law as it is now, excluding
heavy mail matter. The House will understand
that the law now does not exclude newspapers
and periodicals to regular subscribers. It cuts
a little hard on the book trade and the publi-
cation offices, the men who are dealing in
these articles. The question for the House is
whether we shall now add this $900,000 to the
expenses of the Department or wait a little.
As fast as this railroad is completed these
things are all carried, and in the .course of a
year, ve<-y likely, we may be able to amend the
law without saddling this amount of expense
upon the country. I. now call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was first taken on the motion
to refer the amendment of the Senate to the
Committee on the PostOffice and Post Roads;
and it was disagreed to.
The question recurred on concurring in the
amendment of tho Senate ; and it was con-
curred in.
Mr. CHILCOTT moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was concurred
in; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was 5«;reed to.
message from i3k senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gomiam,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (JS. No. 184)
granting a pension to Mrs. Ann Corcoran.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the
amendment of the House to the bill (S. No.
280) granting a pension to Michael Hennessy,
of Platte county, Missouri.
The message further announced that the
.Senate had passed a bill (H. R. No. 764) for the
relief of certain exporters of distilled spirits,
with an amendment, in which the concurrence
of the House was requested.
Also, that it had passed without amendment
a joint resolution (H. R. No. 291) donating
to the Washington City Orphan Asylum the iron
railing taken from tho old Hall of the House
of Representatives.
Also, that it had passed bills of the following
titles, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested:
An act (S. No. 215) to vacate and sell the
Umatilla reservation, in Oregon; and
An act (S. No. 275) for the relief of Eliza
Mascher, widow of John F. Mascher.
enrolled joint resolution signed.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 294) donating to the Washington
City Orphan Asylum the iron railing taken from
the old Hall of the House of Representatives ;
when the Speaker signed the same.
leave of absence.
Mr. Ashley, of Ohio, was granted leave of
absence on account of serious illness in his
family.
feeedmen's bbeeau.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the amendment of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 598) to continue the Bureau for the
relief of Fteedmen and Refugees, and for other
purposes. ,,
The amendment of the Seuate was to add
the following as a new section:
Sec. 5. And be it further enactedThat the Com-
missioner is hereby empowered to sell tbr caso, oroy
installments with urniile security, school buildings
and other buildings constructed- for refugees and
freedmen by the bureau, to the associations* corpo-
rate bodies, or trustees who now use them lor pur-
poses of education or relief of wantiindor
guarantees that the .purposes f r which such build-
ings were constructed shall be observed. / roviaed.
That all funds derived therefrom shall be returned
to the bureau appropriation and accounted tor to the
Treasury of the United States.
Mr. ELIOT. I am authorized by a majority
of the committee to move that the amendment
df the Senate be concurred in. On that motion
I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGli. I demand the yeas and
nays on concurring in the amendment of the
Senate.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 98, nays 20, not voting
71; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Ames, DelosR. Ashley, Bailey, Ba-
kor, Baldwin, Banks, Beaman, Beatty, Benjamin,
Benton, Blaine, Blair, BoutwcU, Buckland, Butler,
Cake, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cornell,
Covode, Culioro, Delano. Dixon, Donnelly, Dnggs,
Eckley, Eggleston, El a, Eliot, Farnsworth, iernss,
Ferrv, Fields. Garfield, Gravely, Halscy, Harding,
Higby, Hill, Chester D. Hubbard, Ilulburd. Inger-
?oli, Jenekes, Judd, Julian, Kolsey,' Iveteham,
Kitchen, Koontz, Lincoln, Loan, Mallor.v, McCar-
thy, McClurg, Mercur,Miller, Moore, Morrell, Mul-
lins, Myers, Newcomb, O'Neill, Paine, Peters, Pike,
Pile, Poland, Polsley, Pemeroy, Price,Raum, fcaw-
yer, Scofield, Shanks, Shellabarger, Starkweather,
Aaron F. Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Taffe, Taylor,
John Trimble, Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson, Van
Aernara, Van Wyck, Ward, Cndwalader C. Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn, Welker, Tbomas Wil-
liams, William Williams, James F. Wilson, John T.
Wilson, and Windom—98.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Beck, Brooks, Eldridge,
Getz, Golladay, Grover, Haight. Ilohnan, Hotchkise,*
Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Kerr, Knott, MeCor-
mick, Mungen, Nicholson, Phelps, and Stone—20.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ander-
son, Arnell, James M. Ashley, Axtell, Barnes, Bar-
nuin, Bingham, Boyer, Bronrwell. Broomall, Bur?,
Cary, Chanler, Churchill, Header W. Clarke, Dawes.
Dodge, Finney. Fox, Glos3brenner, Griswold, Haw-
kins, Hooper, Hopkins, Asnhel W. Hubbard, Rich-
ard D. Hubbard, Hunter, Kcllcy, Laflin, George V
Lawrence, William Lawrence, Logan, Loughridge,
Lynch, Marshall, Marvin, Maynard, McCuliough,
Moorhead, Morrissey, Niblack, Nunn.Orth, Pevham,
Plants, Pruyn, Randall, Robertson, Robinson, Ross,
Schcnck, Sclye, Sitgreavcs, Smith, Spalding, Thad-
dcus Stevens, Taber, Thomas, Lawrence S. Trimble,
Van Auken, Burt Van Horn,'Robert T. Van Horn,
Van Trump, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D, Wash-
burn, Stephen F. Wilson, Wood, Woodbridge, and
Woodward—71.
So the amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the iamendment was concurred in;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to,
sale of irgn-clabs.
Mr, JENCKES, from the joint Committee
on Retrenchment, made a report in relation
to the alleged fraudulent sale by the Navy
Department of the iron-clads Oneota and Ca-
tawba to Alexander Swift & Co.; which was
ordered to be printed, and recommitted to the
committee.
Mr. UPSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted j and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
collection district of philadelphia.
The next business on the Speaker's tabio
was the amendment of the Senate to the bill
(H. Ii. No; 538) to extend the boundaries of
the collection district of Philadelphia so as to
include the whole consolidated city of Phila-
delphia.
The amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause to tho end
0 rm*;!' ar,d m lieu theroof as follows:
iaafc the port of entry and delivery- of Phila-
