1264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWE. It seems to me that we shall
be about as much embarrassed if we pass that,
and then pass the resolution as amended as
if we had no resolution before us. Suppose
we are of opinion that he can take that oath
with truth, the question before the Senate is
whether we will let him take the oath or not.
I understand he Is sent here by the State of
Maryland for the "purpose of taking the oath.
I do not know whether he is willing to take it
or not, but of course he will not take it unless
we allow him to do so. If we believe that be
cannot take it with truth, it still remains with us
to inform Mr. Thomas whether we will allow
him to take it or not. I do not see that we
have made much progress toward the decision
of the question submitted to us in this manner.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator from Wis-
consin, holding that this oath as an additional
{[ualifieation becomes void by the Constitution,
is embarrassed in voting upon this amendment,
I see a fair objection to it; butl see none at all
in the direction which he indicates. If it turns
out after the Senate shall have recorded this
expression that Mr. Thomas proposes to take
the oath, or if any Senator thinks it possible
that he would present himself to take it, a res-
olution will follow as a matter of form, and as
a matter of course preventing his taking the
oath. But for all practical purposes such an
expression as this shuts the door, for I think
nobody will do Mr. Thomas or any other appli-
cant for a seat here the injustice to suppose
that, in the face of the recorded judgment of
the Senate that the taking of the oath would
be perjury, he would present himself and pro-
pose to brave that judgment and brave the
oath.
Now, sir, I have a motive for offering this
amendment, but I did not intend to state it,
because if the vote can be had, for one I am
quite content to abstain from debate. But
there has been a great deal of difference of
opinion here as to the construction to be
placed upon this statute. One Senator holds
that it prescribes an additional qualification,
and is, therefore, void by the Constitution.
Another Senator holds that the applicant may
be allowed to take the oath, and that measures
of expulsion may be resorted to afterward, or
that he may be indicted if he takes it falsely,
as, I think,, one Senator suggested. Other Sen-
ators hold that he is the sole referee to hear
and determine his own case and to pass upon
the question whether he shall take the oath or
not. This amendment presents a naked ques-
tion of fact. We have been in this cave
informed in advance, and the conscience and
the judgment of the Senate are enlightened as
far as they can be, and the amendment, as I
propose it, presents the simple question whether
the Senate will advise Mr. Thomas to take this
oath; whether the Senate will consent to his
taking the oath ; whether, the issue being pre-
sented to the Senate, it is or is not the judg-
ment of the Senate that the oath can conscien-
tiously be taken. rIhat, I think, all can vote
upon without a violation of any opinion as to
the law of this issue. It is simple and direct,
and covers the whole ground, 1 submit to the
honorable Senator from Wisconsin; but if it
does not, a formal resolution of denial will fol-
low as a matter of course.
Mr. HOWE. Then if I understand the hon-
orable Senator from New York • _
Mr. DRAKE. With the permission of the
honorable Senator from Wisconsin I would
suggest that there has been lying on the Secre-
tary's de^k for two days an amendment which
I proposed to offer to the original resolution,
which contemplates a refusal of the benate to
allow Mr. Thomas to take the oath and hold a
seat in this body. I would like to have that
amendment read in connection with the one
which has just been read, so that the honoi-
abie Senator from Wisconsin may have the
whole matter before his mind in the remarks
which he is about to make.
The PKESiDENTpro impure. The amend-
ment submitted informally by the Senator from
Missouri some days ago will be read for inform-
ation.
The Secretary read as follows:
Strike outall after theword " resolved" and insert:
That Philip i\ Thomas, having; voluntarily given
aid, countenance, and encouragement to persons
engaged in armed hostility to tlio United States, is
not entitled to take the oath of offieo as a Senator
of theUnited States from the State of Maryland, or
to hold a seat in this body as sueh Senator.
Mr. CONKLING-. Allow me to suggest
that that amendment was offered, of course,
as an amendment to the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts. The Senator
from Massachusetts withdrew his amendment,
and then the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri fell.
Mr. DRAKE. The honorable Senator from
New York is mistaken, I think, as to the posi-
tion of the matter. This amendment of mine
was laid on the Secretary's desk as an amend-
ment intended to be otf'ered to the resolution
of the honorable Senator from Maryland in
the event of the amendment of the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts being disposed of
otherwise than by adoptiou. I happened to be
out of the Senate Chamber at the moment the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts with-
drew his amendment, and therefore could not
present this until after the Senator from New
York had presented his.
Mr. CONKLING. It is in order now as an
amendment to my amendment; and if I may
intrude for another instant upon my friend
from Wisconsin, in order to meet his view, 1
will modify my amendment by adding, "and
that therefore said Thomas is not entitled to
his seat," or " that therefore ho be not allowed
to take said oath." I will put it in either form
the Senator from Wisconsin prefers.
Mr. HOWE. I think I never was more in-
different upon any question in the world than
I am upon the question, which of those two
forms this amendment shall take. As it would
not exactly meet my views in either form, I
ought not to be particular which of the two
forms it shall assume. As a mere question of
parliamentary proceeding I am inclined to
think that the form last suggested is the better,
because it does seem to conclude something;
it reaches a conclusion ; and, more fortunate
still, it reaches a conclusion upon the very
question which has been under debate ever
since we were so young as we were when this
debate commenced. [Laughter.] In the form
in which the Senator first moved it, and with
the view which he professed as controlling the
moving of it, I was inclined to regard it not as
a resolution to exclude Mr. Thomas from a
seat in this body, but as a sort of primer or
easy introduction to the art of keeping Mr.
Thomas out of his seat. It was the first les-
son, which if we took kindly, as I understood
him to say, the Senator would offer the second
series, or the conclusion.
Mr. President, 1 should not have taken the
floor at all, in spite of the threat I held out
last night, if the amendment had been origin-
ally moved by the Senator from New York as
it is now moved ; but, being on the floor, I
want to say two or three things ; and I think
the Senate ought to indulge me in saying
them, because, looking over the whole field,
not only of the late discussion, but of all the
discussions that I ever examined at all, I do
not think I ever knew a man so completely out
of joint, out of fellowship witli everybody, as
I am on this very topic ; and I have a right to
appeal to the prayers of the Senate, if I can-
not get any of its votes.
I certainly have no fellowship from my
friends the chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee [Mr. Trumbull] and the Senator from
Maine [Mr. Fessendex] and from others of
our side of the political question, although
they will probably vote with me on the resolu-
tion in whatever shape it may be submitted.
They do not fellowship with me, because, as
I understand it, I will not agree that I have
jurisdiction to hear, investigate, and determine
the question of Mr. Thouias.'s personal .and
political fitness for a seat on this floor. And
the Senatorfrom Vermont [Mr. Edmonds] and
the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Mortos] and
other Senators, Republicans with myself, will
not fellowship with me because I will not
affirm the same thing, and also affirm that Mr.
Thomas is not fit, personally or politically, or
both, for a seat on the floor. And my friends,
the Democratic members of the Senate, will
not fellowship with me for reasons too numer-
ous to mention; I will not go into the consid-
eration of those. And so I think I am to be
excused if I feel somewhat out in the cold.
[Laughter.]
After all, Mr. President, l am not so much
distressed because nobody will fellowship with
me on this question as I am to think that
somebody will suppose that I fellowship with
some of the rest of my friends. I should be
very sorry to have the world suppose that I
sympathized with the views of the honorable
Senator from Illinois or the honorable Senator
from Maine, that I charged myself with the
duty of passing upon the fitness of Mr. Thomas
for a seat upon this floor and pronounced him
all right. 1 would not like to have nay con-
stituents think that I charged myself with sueh
a jurisdiction and so exercised it. Mr. Thomas
is not exactly the man I would like to have
for a Senator here if I felt myself responsible
for admitting none but the right men here,
none but men who were not only legally quali-
fied but men who, as the Senator from Vermont
stated it, are personally fitted. Then I should
want a different kind of man. I cannot agree
that Mr Thomas has developed that sort of
loyalty which I think ought to animate a Sen-
ator of the United States. I do not propose
to argue that question ; it has been abundantly
argued. I simply content myself with the
remark that a citizen of the United States
who could not find in the Constitution author-
ity for doing the little that Mr. Buchanan
while President did do, for doing, I may say,
the nothing that Mr. Buchanan while Presi-
dent did attempt to do, to suppress the rebel-
lion, and who could not find in the authority
of a parent or in the authority of a loyal State
the power to prevent his own minor son from
going into the army of the rebellion; a man of
that kind, I am obliged to think, is not animated
by that high and flaming patriotism which. I
believe ought to control a Senator of the Uni-
ted Statesand so I do not wish my constitu-
ents or anybody else to believe that I vote for
the admission of Mr. Thomas because I agree
that he is the kind of man who ought to rep-
resent any State in the Senate of the United
States.
And I do not want my constituents or the
world to believe that I sympathize with the
sentiment which, as I understand, has been
avowed hero by the Senator from Vermont,
and has been advocated by the Senator from
Indiana and by other Senators around me, that
we arejudgesnot only of the legal qualifications
of a candidate for the Senate, but that we are
judges of his personal and political fitness also ;
because if I agreed to that sentiment and hold
myself responsible to that extent, and assumed
such a jurisdiction, I am afraid my constitu-
ents would want to know of me some day why
I voted to admit the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania; [Mr. Bctckalew,] for really if I had
been in the Legislature which elected him, and
which Legislature was clothed, as I under-
stand, with all the authority which is claimed
for this body—authority not only to pronounce
upon legal qualifications, but also upon per-
sonal fitness—well, I do not like to say what
I should have done, but it is a matter of great
doubt whether I should have voted for the
Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. BUCK ALE W. Oh! do not be delicate
about it. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOWE. Of course I do not want my
constituents to feel that I sympathize with the
views of those Democrats who will vole with
me on this resolution. I will state the reasons
