2288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB1.
April *01
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 35; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew.Conness, Corbett, Dixon,
Doolittle, Edmunds, Grimes, Howard, MeCreery,
Ijorton, Patterson, of' Tennessee, Sprague,. Van
Winkle, and Vickers—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Chandler, Cole,
Conjuing, Cragin, Davis, Brake, Kerry, Fessenden,
Freimguftysen, Ilarlan, Henderson, Hendricks,
JohasoHi Morgan, Morrill of Maine.Morrill of Ver-
mont, 'Morton, Nye. Patterson of New Hampshire,
Pomeroy, Ramsey., Ross, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner.
Thayer, iipton, Trumbull, Wade, Wiliey, Williams,
Wilson, and Yates—35.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Fowler,
Howe, and Saulsbury—5.
So tile Senate refused to adjourn.
executive session.
Mr. THAYER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, April 9, 18G8.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. 13. Boynton.
The reading of the Journal of yesterday was
dispensed with by unanimous couseut.
order OV business.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. [ desire to inquire of the
Chair if the understanding of last week is still
in force, in reference to business by the House ?
The SPEAKER. That understanding will
continue in force, unless otherwise ordered,
until the close of the impeachment trial; that
is, that unless the Speaker gives notice at the
opening of the day's session that there will
probably be business for the consideration of
the House none will be transacted when the
Committee of the Whole return to the Hall.
improvement op upper mississippi.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting a communication from the chief
of engineers, with the report of Major General
G. K. Warren, of the engineer corps, on the
survey and improvement of the Upper Missis-
sippi river and tributaries ; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordei'ed
to be printed.
south american affairs,
Mr. CHANLER. I have some resolutions
which I desire to offer. Jf, after they shall
have been read, no objection is made, 1 will
ask action upon them now ; otherwise, I will
consent to their reference to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
The resolutions were read, as follows:
llcftolvcd, Thatin the opinion of this House; it is the
duty ot tins Oroveramentto take prompt andvigorous
measures to reconcile the nations of South America
now at war.
Jietolved, That the Prcsident of the United States
be requested to appoint a special mission to Brazil,
Bolivia, Uruguay, and Paraguay for this purpose.
Jiemlved, J'hat the President be requested to in-
form this House what efforts he may havo already
made to reconcile the parties to the war now raging
between those countries.
Mr. IiELSEY. I think those resolutions
should be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
Mr. CHANLER. Very well.
Tlu; resolutions were accordingly referred to
the Committee on Foreign Alfairs.
leave of absence.
On motion of Mr. LOUGHRIDGE, leave
of absence was granted to Mr. Ferry for ten
days. *
Leave of absence was also granted to Mr.
Blair for two weeks.
delano vs. morgan.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I asl^unanimous
consent of the House that the Ohiwcontested-
election case of Delano vs. Morgan be deferred
until the 7th day of May next, by which time
the minority will be prepared to report on the
ease. I desire further to state the reason I
make, that request of the House is this: on
account of business which duty compels me to*
attend to I ask leave to be absent about three
weeks. I will have to leave for Indiana to-day
to be absent about three weeks. I will not be
able by any possible effort to make the report
before my departure or until after my return.
The case involves more than two thousand
pages of testimony, all of which has to be ex-
amined, and it is altogether one of the most
complicated and laborious cases ever passed
upon by a committee of the House. 1 ask this
as a matter of justice to parties interested in
the contest, and as a matter of kindness to
myself.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will have no serious
objection to the case being continued until the
1st day of May, and if the gentleman from In-
diana shall not be prepared at that time, I will
be glad to have the committee have an oppor-
tunity to report and the report acted upon at
the earliest possible time.
Mr. KERR. I will suggest to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania that the 1st day of
May comes on Friday. The 4tli of May will
be Monday. I could not well get here by any
effort before the 4th of May, and then I would
have only two or three days to make the re-
port in. I ask that time in which to prepare
the report, and I agree that it shall be done
by that time.
Mr. MAYNAItD. When does the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania propose to report in
the Kentucky and Missouri cases ?
The SPEAKER. Let us dispose of the
pending ease first.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will not consent to a
further extension beyond the 1st day of May.
If that is not satisfactory to the gentleman
from Indiana, if lie cannot consent to that
time, and thinks that ho will not be prepared
with his report on that day, 1 now give notice
that I will call the case up for the action of
the House at the first opportunity which may
be afforded to tne.
Mr. CIIANLJiR. I do not think the acting
chairman of the Committee of Elections heard
the reason assigned by our colleague from In-
diana l'or asking a further extension of time
in the ease of Delano vs. Morgan. I think
the attention of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania was drawn off at the time the gentleman
from Indiana made his explanation. I hope
he will listen to it again.
Mr. SCOFIELD. 1 did not hear all the
gentleman had to say, but I supposed he in-
formed mo in private of all that he stated pub-
licly.
Mr. KERR. I explained it fully to the
gentleman.
Mr. SCOFIELD. On consultatisn with some
who take an interest in the case I have stated
the best I could do if it depends upon me to
make any arrangement about it.
Mr. KERR. I cannot consent to the 1st
day of May for the reason that I know I can-
not prepare the report by that time.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Igive notice to the House,
then, that I will call the case up at the earliest
opportunity the House is ready to act upon it.
Mr. KERR. Is it in order to submit my
request to the House ?
The SPEAKER. It is not, for the reasbn
tliat there is a question of privilege now pend-
ing on the printing of forty thousand copies of
Manager Butler's speech.
Mr. KEI1R. Then I understand that any
time is refused.
national fokces.
Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. It. No. 1001) to amend the
twenty-first section of an act entitled "An act
to amend the several acts heretofore passed
for enrolling and calling out the national forces,
and for other purposes which wasreada first
and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
henry c. tyler.
Mr. WOODWARD, by unanimous consent,
introduced o bill (H. It. No. 1002) for the
relief of Henry C. tyler; which was. read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
si. b. brady and company.
Mr. TWICHELL. I ask unanimous consent
to lay before the House a communication of
M. B. Brady & Co., asking for the privilege
of selling in the lobby of the House photographs
of the impeachment managers on the part of
the House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would like to know
whether the managers have any interest in the
sale of these pictures. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. Under the order of the
House made during the last Congress, the Chair
is not at liberty to assign any table or desk or
stand' for the sale of any article whatever in
this part of the Capitol. It is under the con-
trol of the House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the managers have
any interest in this I hope the House will give
unanimous consent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I mov£
that the communication be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Rules.
The motion was agreed to.
impeachment 01? tiie president.
The SPEAKER. The hour of twelve o'clock
having arrived, the House resolves itself into
the Committee of the Whole, according to
order, to proceed to the bar of the Senate,
following the managers and preceded by the
chairman of the Committee of the Whole, who
will be attended by the Clerk and acting Door-
keeper.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole, in obedience to
the order, and proceeded to the bar of the
Senate.
At three o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.
the Committee of the Whole returned to the
Hall, and the Speaker having resumed the
chair,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, made the
following report: the Committee of the Whole
have, according to order, attended the managers
to the bar of the Senate, sitting as a court of
impeachment for the trial of Andrew Johnson;
progress has been made in the trial, and the
Senate, sitting as a court of impeachment, has
adjourned until twelve o'clock to-morrow.
And then, on motion of Mr. WASHBURNE,
of Illinois, (at three o'clock and forty-six
minutes p. m.,) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
I he following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ARCHER: The petition of citizens
of .Baltimore, Maryland, praying for the abo-
lition of the internal tax on refined petroleum.
By Mr. DONNELLY: A memorial of the
Legislature of the State of Minnesota, in re-
lation to General Warren's report upon the
subject of the survey and improvement of the
Mississippi river above Rock Island and of
the Minnesota liver.
Also, a memorial of the same, in relation
to increase of mail service on route No. 1U629
from 1-ort Abercrombie, Dakota Territory, to
week a' a Tcrritory>to tliree limes per
Also a memorial of the same, in relation to
the establishment of certain weekly mail
routes. J
Also, a memorial of the same, in relation to
the survey and construction of two wa^on-
roads to Indian reservations on the north
shore of Lake Superior.
Also, a memorial of the same, in relation to
mail service between Fort Abercrombie, Da-
tory 0ry> atul Helena, Montana Terri-
Also, a joint resolution of the same, relative
Andtw Joln^olf6SS ^ the 'mPeach'neiit of
Also, a joint resolution of the same, relative
to the survey of lands «the Red River vallly
