THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
That is a question I cannot answer. That
is a question that can be determined only, by
the Senate themselves. If the Senate should
find that Mr. Stanton's case was not within this
law, then no such question arises, then there
is no question in this particular case of a con-
flict between the law and the Constitution. If
the Senate should find that these articles have
so charged the President that it is necessary
for the Senate to believe that there was some
act of turpitude on his part connected with
this matter, some mala fides, some bad intent,
and that he did honestly believe, as he states
in his answer, that this was an unconstitutional
law, that an occasion had arisen when he must
act accordingly under his oath of office, then
it is immaterial whether this was a. constitu-
tional or unconstitutional law ; be it the one
or be it the other, be it true or false that the
President has committed a legal offense by an
infraction of the law, he has not committed the
impeachable offense with which ho is charged
by the House of Representatives. And, there-
foie, wo must advance.beyond these two ques-
tions before we reach the third branch of the
question which the honorable Senator from
Michigan propounds, whether the question of
the constitutionality of this law must be de-
termined on this trial by the Senate. _ In the
new of the President's counsel there is no ne-
cessity for the Senate to determine that ques-
tion. The residue of the.inquiry is:
Do the counsel claim that the opinion of the
Cabinet officers touching that question—
That is, the constitutionality of the law—
5s competent evidence by which the judgment of the
Senate might bo influenced ?
Certainly not. We do not put them on the
4and as experts on questions of constitutional
law. The judges will determine that out of
their own breasts. We put them on the stand
as advisers of the President to state what ad-
vice, in point of fact, they gave him, with a
view to show that he was guilty of no improper
intent to violate the Constitution. We put
them on the stand, the honorable Senator from
Michigan will allow me to answer, for the same
purpose for which he doubtless, in his exten-
sive practice, has often put lawyers on the
stand. A man is proceeded against by another
for an improper arrest, for a malicious prose-
cution. It is necessary to prove malice and
want of probable cause. When the want of
probable cause is proved the malice is infer-
able from it; but then it is perfectly well set-
tled that if the defendant can show that he
fairly laid his ease before counsel, and that
counsel informed him that that was a probable
case, he must be acquitted ; the malice is gone.
That is the purpose for which we propose to
put these gentlemen 011 the stand, to prove that
they acted as advisers, that the advice was
given, that it was acted under ; and that purges
the malice, the improper intent.
To respond to the question of the honor-
able Senator from Maryland, he will allow me
to say that it is a question which the Managers
can answer much better than the President's
counsel.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will you read it, please ?
Mr. CURTIS. It is:
Do the counsel for the President understand that
the Managers deny the statement made by the Pres-
ident in liis message of December 12, 1S07, to the
Senate, as given in evidence bytheManacrersat page
45 of the official report of the trial that the members
of the Cabinet gave lum—
That is, the President—
the opinion there stated as to the tenure-of-officc
act; and is the evidence offered to corroborate that
statement, or for what other object is it offered?
We now understand, from what the honor-
able Manager lias said this morning, that the
House of Representatives has taken 110 issue
on that part of our answer ; that the honorable
Managers do not understand that they have
traversed or denied that part of our answer.
We did also understand before this question
was proposed to us that the honorable Man-
agers had themselves put in evidence the
message of the President of the _12th of De-
cember, 1807, to the Senate, in which he states
that he was advised by the members of the
Cabinet unanimously, including Mr. Stanton,
that this law would be unconstitutional if en-
acted. They have put that in evidence them-
selves.
Nevertheless, Senators, this is an affair, as
you perceive, of the utmost gravity in any pos-
sible aspect of it; and we did not feel at liberty
to avoid or abstain from the offering of the
members of the President's Cabinet that they
might state to you, under the sanction of their
oaths, what advice was given. I suppose all
that the Managers would be prepared to ad-
mit might be—certainly they have made no
broader admission-—that the President said
these things in a message to the Senate; but from
the experience we have had thus far in this trial
we thought it not impossible that the Managers,
or some one of them speaking in behalf of
himself and the others, might say tliatthe Pres-
ident had told a falsehood, and we wish there-
fore to place ourselves right before the Senate
on this subject. We desire to examine these gen-
tlemen to show what passed on this subject, and
wo wish to do it for the purposes I have stated.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Before the learned gen-
tleman concludes I desire to submit a question
to him.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the question proposed by the Senator from
Oregon.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Is the advice given to the President by his Cabinet
with a view of preparing a veto message pertinent to
prove the right of the President to disregard the law
after it was passed over his veto ?
Mr. CURTIS. I consider it to bo strictly
pertinent. It is not of itself sufficient; it is
not enough that the President received such
advice; he must show that an occasion arose
for him to act upon it which in the judgment
of the Senate was such an occasion that you
could not impute to him wrong intention in
acting. But the first step is to show that ho
honestly believed that this was an unconstitu-
tional law. Whether I10 should treat it as such
ill a particular instance is a matter depending
upon his own personal responsibility without
advice. That is the answer which I suppose
is consistent with the views wo have of this
case.
And I wish, in closing, merely to say that
the Senators will perceive how entirely aside
this view which I have now presented to -the
Senate is from any claim on behalf of the Pres-
ident that he may disregard a law simply be-
cause he believes it to be unconstitutional. He
makes no such claim. He must make a ease
beyond that—a case such as is stated in his
answer; but in order to make a case beyond
that it is necessary for him to begin by satisfy-
ing the Senate that he honestly believed the law
to be unconstitutional; and it is with a view
to that that we now offer this evidence.
The CHIEF J USTICE. Senators, the ques-
tion now before the Senate, as the Chief J ustico
conceives, respects not the weight but the admis-
sibility of the evidence offered. To determine
that question it isnecessary to see what is charged
in the articles of impeachment. Thefirstarticle
charges that 011 the 21st day of February, 18G8,
the President issued an order for the removal
of Mr. Stanton from the office of Secretary of
War, that this order was made unlawfully, and
that it was made with intent to violate the tenure-
of-office act and in violation ol the Constitution
of the United States. The same charge in sub-
stance is repeated in the articles which relate
to the appointment of Mr. Thomas, which was
necessarily connected with the transaction. The
intent, then, is the subject to which much of
the evidence 011 both sides has been directed;
and the Chief Justice conceives that this testi-
mony is admissible for the purpose of showing
the intent with which the President has acted
in this transaction. He will submit the ques-
tion to the Senate if any Senator desires it.
Mr. HOWARD. J call for the yeas and nays.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. TheSenator from
i Michigan desires that the question be submit-
j ted to the Senate, and calls for the yeas and
i nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Senators, you who
are of opinion that the proposed evidence is
admissible will, as your names are called, an-
swer yea; those of the contrary opinion, nay.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask for the reading of the
offer of counsel.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the offer.
The Chief Clerk read the offer.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 29 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bawrd, Buckalow, Davis,
Dixon, Doolittlo, Fessonden, ^Fowler, Grimes, Hen-
derson, Hendricks, Johnson, MeCreery, Patterson of
Tennessee, Ross, Saulsbury, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
Yickcrs, and Willey—20. ^
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron. Oattell. Chandler, Cole.
Conkling, Conness, Corbett, Crasrin, Drake. Edmunds,
Ferry, Frclinghuysen, Harlan, Howard, Howe, Mor-
gan, Merrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Patter-
son of New Hampshire, Pomcroy, Ramsey, Sherman,
Sprasue, Stewart,Thayer, Tipton, Williams, Wilson,
ami Y ates—29.
NOT VOTING—'Messrs. Morton, Norton, Nye,
Sumner, and Wade—5.
So the Senate decided the evidence to be
inadmissible.
Gideon Weli,es—examination continued.
By Mr. Evarts :
Question. At the Cabinet meetings held at
the period from the presentation of the bill to
the President until his message sending in his
objections was completed was the question
whether Mr. Stanton was within the operation
of the civil-tenure act the subject of consider-
ation and determination?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Stop a moment.
Wc object.
The CIITEF JUSTICE. The counsel will
please propose their question in writing.
Mr. EVARTS. I will make an offer, with
the permission of the Chief Justice.
The offer was reduced to writing, and read
by the Chief Clerk, as follows:
Wo offer to provo that at the meetings of the
Cabinet at which Mr. Stanton was present, held
while the tenure-of-offiee bill was before the Presi-
dent for approval, the advice of tho Cabinet in regard
to tho same was asked by the President and given
bv the Cabinet; and thereupon the question whether
Mr. Stanton and tho other Secretaries who had re-
ceived their appointment from Mr. Lincoln were
within the restrictions upon the President's power of
removal from office created by said aot was consid-
ered, and tho opinion expressed that the Secretaries
appointed by Mr. Lincoln were not withm suoli
restrictions.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. We object, Mr.
President and Senators, that this is only ask-
ing the advice of the Cabinet as to the con-
struction of a law. The last question was as
to the constitutionality of a law, and advice as
to law we suppose to be wholly included within
the last ruling of the Senate. We do not pro-
pose to argue it.
Mr. EVARTS. We do not so regard the
matter; and even if the ruling should be so
rightly construed, still, Mr. Chief Justice and
Senators, it would be proper for us to make
this offer accepting your ruling, if it were not
a matter for debate. We understand that the
disposition of the question of evidence already
made may turn upon any one of several con-
siderations quite outside of the present inquiry;
as, for instance, if it should be held to have
turned upon considerations suggested by some
of the questions put by one or more of the Sen-
ators of this body, as to the importance or per-
tinence of evidence as bearing upon the ques-
tion of the constitutionality of a law, as tending
to justify or explain or affect with intent the
act alleged of a violation of the law._
The present evidence sought to be introduced
is quite of another complexion, and has this
purpose and object in reference to several views
that may be applied to tho President's conduct:
in the first place, as respects the law itself, that
a new law confessedly reversing, or, as was
frequently expressed in the debates of the
Houses whiehpassed the law, " revolutionizing
the action of the Government" in respect to
this exercise of executive power, and in respect
to this particular point also of whether it had
any cflicaey or was intended to have any^ appli-
cation which should fasten upon the President's
