1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3313
Mr. DONNELLY. I now call the previous
question.
Mr. DELANO. Is it in order to move to lay
this joint resolution on the table?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. DELANO. Unless the gentleman from
Minnesota [Mr. Donnelly] will withdraw his
call for the previous question I must make that
motion.
Mr. DONNELLY. I cannot withdraw it.
Mr. DELANO. Then I move that the joint
resolution be laid oa the table.
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 34, noes 58 ; no quorum
voting.
Mr. DELANO. I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. HIGBY. I move that the House now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and fifty-five minutes p. m.,)
the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
ander the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. CHANLBR: The protestof Edward
Hincken, president, George M. Clearman, vice
president, Thomas M. Sandford, secretary, ef
the Ship-owner's Association of the State of
New York, against the passage of a bill rela-
tive to the mercantile marine of the United
States.
By Mr. EGGLESTON: The petition of all
the principal liquor merchants of Cincinnati,
Ohio, praying that the tax on whisky may be
reduced to twenty-five cents per gallon.
By Mr. KOONTZ : The petition of Thomas
J. Eddowes and 100 others, of Bedford county,
Pennsylvania, asking for the establishment of
a. post route from Orleans, on the Baltimore
and Ohio railroad, Alleghany county, Mary-
land, to Bloody Run, Bedford county, Penn-
sylvania.
By Mr. MOORHEAD: The petition of S.
Chadwick, farmer, and others, citizens of Alle-
ghany county, Pennsylvania, complaining of
the depression of industry, and praying for such
increase of protective duties as will revive
manufactures and restore prosperity to the
sountry.
Also, a memorial of the Board of Trade of
Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, recommending that
Government aid or subsidy be extended to the
Kansas branch of the Pacific railroad.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, June 20, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. A. D. Gillette, D. D.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
TERRITORIAL LAWS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Seriate the acts, resolutions, and memorials
of the Territory of Montana, passed by the
fourth Legislative Assembly, convened at Vir-
ginia City November 4, 1867; which were
referred to the Committee on Territories.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
petition of citizens of Philadelphia, Pennsyl-
vania, praying that pensions be granted to'the
soldiers and widows of soldiers of the war of
1812 ; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
He also presented a petition of Duncan Jor-
dan, praying an extension of the time for appli-
cations in bankruptcy; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of stone cameo
cutters of the city of New York, praying an
increase of the tax on cut cameo ; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Louisiana, against the recognition of the con-
stitution of that State by Congress; Avhich was
ordered to lie on the table.
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 208.
Mr. MORGAN. I present the petitions of
Walter Scribner, Francis Hart, Henry Conk-
lin, and two hundred and thirteen others,
printers and bookbinders of New York city,
representing that the industry of the country
is paralyzed for want of efficient protection
against the cheaper labor and capital of for-
eign-countries; that much of the distress now
prevalent and increasing daily would be re-
lieved by the legislation suggested in'Special
Commissioner Wells's report of last year, and
perfected in the tariff bill (as passed by the
Senate) which failed in the House of Repre-
sentatives March, 1867, for want of time, and
praying that Congress will resume considera-
tion of that measure and enact it into a law
at the earliest practicable moment. I move
the reference of the petition to the Committee
on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying
that pensions be granted to the soldiers and the
widows of soldiers of the war of 1812; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying
that pensions be granted to the soldiers and the
widows of soldiers in the war of 1812 ; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the memorial of
John Beeson, known to many Senators as-hav-
ing devoted his life to philanthropic efforts in
behalf of the Indians, in which he represents
that the enormous waste of life and money and
the demoralization from the frauds and wars
upon the Indians demand immediate redress,
and he proceeds to set forth several particulars
under different heads, of which he proposes a
reformation. I move the reference of this
petition to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD presented a petition of E.
and A. Belts, H. B. Seidel, Casper Kendall,
D. Lammot, jr., and one hundred and thirteen
others, manufacturers and workingmen of Wil-
mington and Dover, in the State of Delaware,
complaining of the paralysis of domestic indus-
try resulting from the want of efficient protec-
tion against the cheaper labor and capital of
foreign countries, and praying for the enact-
ment of a general tariff law, similar to the bill
which was matured but not finally passed by
the Thirty-Ninth Congress; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of W. Jones
& Co. and others, meroceo manufacturers of
Wilmington, Delaware, complaining of the
depression of industry, and praying for such
an increase of protective duties as will revive
manufactures and restore prosperity to the
country; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee, presented
a petition of citizens of Philadelphia, Pennsyl-
vania, praying that pensions be granted to the
soldiers and the widows of soldiers in the war
of 1812 ; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. CONKL1NG presented a petition of cit-
izens of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying
that pensions be granted to the soldiers and the
widows of soldiers in the war ot 1812; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WILLEY presented a petition of citizens
of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying that
pensions be granted to the soldiers and the
widows of soldiers in the war of 1812 which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. YATES presented a petition of citizens
of the United States, praying the adoption of
a law investing all men with the equal exercise
of the elective franchise in all the States ; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 214) to authorize
the Secretary of War to settie the claims of
the State of Kansas for services of the militia
called out by the Governor of that State, upon
the requisition of Major General Curtis, the
commander of the United States forces in that
State, to repel the invasion of General Price,
reported it with amendments,
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HARLAN. If the morning business is
through, I move that the Senate proceed to
consider House joint resolution No. 201', in
relation to the Rock Islaad bridge.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are several Sen-
ators who have examined that question and
are opposed to that measure who are not here,
and as this day was specially set aside for pen-
sion business I doubt very much whether we
ought to proceed with a matter that is disputed.
Mr. HARLAN. I think the special order
referred to by the Senator from Ohio was fixed
for one o'clock, and we havt: ample time to dis-
pose of this joint resolution in the mean time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But there are not more
than a dozen Senators in the Chamber, and
there are several gentlemen absent who are
opposed to that resolution. It would not be
right to take it up now in their absence.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is not a quorum
present, and I think it will be very unwise to
take it up now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Iowa does not press his motion at this moment,
I wish to move to take up another bill.
Mr. HAltLAN. I shall not press it in view
of the observations made by other Senators,
and therefore withdraw my motion ; but I desire
that the subject shall be properly considered,
and I shall repeat the motion at the first
opportunity.
district court of cairo.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
347, to which, I presume, there is no objec-
tion. It is a bill to authorize the holding of a
district court at Cairo.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
Ii. No. 347) to amend an act to divide the
State of Illinois into two judicial districts,
approved February 13, 18-55, was considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported
the bill with an amendment, to strike out all
after the enacting clause, in the following
words:
That, in addition to the terms of the circuit and
district courts of the United States for the southern
district of Illinois, now held at Springfield-, terms of
said cireuitanddistiictcourtsshall hereafter be held
at the eitv of Cairo, in said district, to befin on the
first Mondays of March and October of each year.
SEC. 2. Andbeit. further enacted, That the clerks of
the said circuit and distriet courts shall keep clerks'
offices for said courts at the city of Cairo, and all the
records and papers pertaining to business in said
courts at the city of Cairo shall be kept therein, and
they shall appoint deputy clerks for said courts, who
shall reside in said city of Cairo.
Sec. 3. And be it further eimetedt That the district
attorney for the southern district of Illinois shall
perforin the dutks of his office in the circuit and dis-
trict courts held at thecity of Cairo, and the marshal
of said district shall keop an office at the city of
Cairo, and appoint a deputy, who shall reside in said
city of Cairo.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
That, in addition to the terms of the district court
of the United States for the southern district of Illi-
nois, now required by law to he held at the oity of
Springfield, terms of said court shall hereafter be
held at the city of Cairo, in said State, commencing
on the first Mondays ot March and October in each
year.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The amendment was ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
Its title was amended so as to read :- A bill
for holding terms of the district court 0^the
United States for the southern district of Illi-
nois at the city of Cairo, in said State.
admission of colorado.
Mr. YATES. I- move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill Nq,
11, to admit the State of Colorado into the
Union.
