1266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
a very different thing and is submitted to a
different tribunal. The question of legal quali-
fication is submitted always to a majority of the
Senate. The question of expulsion is not sub-
mitted to a majority of the Senate, and I think
it would not be safe to submit it to a majority
of the Senate. That is the distinction that I
make.
I was, however, calling attention to the
. fact that the Constitution had only taken one
Sei^url'^ ^"0r a man's loyalty and Congress has
added another, and now the Senate is appealed
to to add another. The Constitution has said
that a candidate for admission shall take an
oath that he will support the Constitution.
Congress has said that he shall take an oath
that^ he always has done so. The Senate is
unwilling to rest upon both these securities,
but is appealed to to exclude a man whom, it
is said, Maryland has sent here, and who, it is
said, is ready to take both of these oaths. The
Senate is appealed to to say that if ho takes
one of these oaths he will swear falsely, and
therefore we will not let him" take it.
Mr.' President, why can we not improve
upon the principle a little further, and when a
man, without this new oath being offered to him,
comes forward and offers to take the old oath
that he will support the Constitution, some-
body object, that he is not going to do so?
The question whether he will do so or not is,
perhaps, more difficult to try than the ques-
tion whether he has been loyal or not; but
after all human ingenuity may be capable of
trying the question and coming to a conclusion
whether he himself is not likely to violate
that oath hereafter, and deciding that if he
takes that oath he will not keep it a single
session, but will embark in the business of
rebellion, and therefore we will not permit
him to take it. It is the difference between
trying a prospective criminal and a retrospect-
ive one. Of course, the last is much the
easier to try; but the question of sentiment
and opinion enters so largely into the compo-
sition of both classes of criminals that it is a
little difficult to try either.
But, Mr. President, I did not rise to go over
this ground again. I believe most firmly and
most conscientiously that the principle which
guides my vote and controls it on this very
question is essential to the true dignity of every
State in the Union, and will at one time or
another become essential to the rights of every
State; ahd that I believe the doctrine which is
avowed here upon which to exclude Mr. Thomas
from his seat is one which may be urged here-
after to exclude better men than Mr. Thomas
ever was from a seat, and may be urged here-
after to derogate from the rights which I think,
under the Constitution, belongto the State that
I represent and belong to the State that every
one of my colleagues about me represents. It
is for that reason that I am obliged to stand
upon this principle, and for that reason that I
cannot acquiesce in the views or reasons which
guide my friends about me.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I do not rise
to make a speech or to submit any extended
remarks; but it occurs to my mind that the
Senator who has just taken his seat has touched
the true principle that ought to govern this
case, and the only principle that ought to con-
trol it. Who is Mr. Thomas the representative
of if he be admitted into the Senate? _ He is to
represent the State of Maryland; he is elected
by the Legislature of that State, and according
to the argument of the Senator from Wisconsin
[Mr. Howe] it is a clear constitutional right
of the people of Maryland to send whom they
please to the Senate, provided lie has the quali-
fications required by the Constitution. I be-
lieve that no more important principle has been
announced during this session of Congress, and
110 more important principle exists in and under
the Constitution than that every State shall
send whom she pleases to the Senate of the
United States, provided the person so chosen
has the constitutional qualifications required
by the instrument, and, if you please, by the
tost-oath, which is another qualification that
has been imposed by congressional legislation.
Conceding, for the present, (which 1 do not
admit,) that the test-oath is constitutional, and
that a Senator before he is permitted to take
his seat may be required to take that oath, I
maintain that the position of the Senator from
Wisconsin, according to a just construction of
the Constitution, isinvulnerable, andthatwhen-
ever a man presents himself here as a Senator
from a State who has the qualifications required
for a Senator by the Constitution and is will-
ing to take that oath he has an indubitable
right to be admitted to a seat in the Senate.
This isone of the great and fundamental State
rights retained by the people of the different
States in the formation of the Constitution.
The States themselves are entitled to repre-
sentatives in the Senate; each State is entitled
to two representatives, and these represent-
atives are to be chosen by the Legislatures of
the respective States as their constituents.
That is one of the essential fundamental State
rights retained by the Constitution to theStates.
The question, as the honorable Senator from
Wisconsin stated, is between the State of
Maryland and the Senate of the United States,
and not between Mr. Thomas and the Senate
of the United States. It resolves itself into
this: has the State of Maryland the constitu-
tional right to send any of its citizens as its
Senators to this body who have the qualifica-
tions required by the Constitution, and who
are willing to take the test-oath? The whole
point in relation to Mr. Thomas's case, in my
judgment, resolves itself into that question ;
but the Senate are endeavoring to give it a dif-
ferent consideration, and what consideration?
They are attempting to make the qualifications
and admissibility of Mr. Thomas as a Senator
in the United States Senate depend upon his
politics and nothing but his politics.
Can any gentleman doubt, from the spirit of
this debate, that if Mr. Thomas had been an
adhering Republican for twelve months before
his being chosen by the Legislature of Mary-
land to be a Senator from that State this body
would have admitted him as a Senator upon
this floor? I do not doubt it. It is only neces-
sary to recur to the case of his predecessor,
who in the commencement of our troubles was
a secessionist, and who at a public meeting
submitted aseries of secession resolutions which
he afterward retracted, and became a Union
man. and adhered to the Union, to the Gov-
ernment, and to the party in power, and he
was admitted to his seat in the Senate. If Mr.
Thomas had taken the same course in revers-
ing his politics that his predecessor did, who
can doubt that Mr. Thomas would have been
accepted as a Senator upon this floor? Mr.
President, what does that resolve itself into?
That not the constitutional qualifications which
are required to fit a man to be a Senator, not
the choice of the Legislature of Maryland, upon
whom devolves the right to choose her Sena-
tors, shall gain him admission to a seat on this
floor; but his polities is the key, the open
sesame, by which he is to be admitted.
Sir, a more mischievous precedent, in my
judgment, and one more fundamentally un-
friendly to our system of government and
to all the reserved rights of the States, has
never been attempted to be established in the
proceedings of the Senate. That is the simple
question, whether the politics of a man who
presents himself as a Senator from an}' State
shall be allowed to determine the question
whether the Senate will admit him as a Sen-
ator from the State or not. It is only neces-
sary to recur to the history of our country.
All the members of this body recollect, from
their reading, the course of the eastern States
in relation to the war of 1812, and especially
the course of the Governors and Legislatures
of Massachusetts and Vermont. These Legis-
latures passed resolutions condemning the war,
condemning the principles upon which that
war was waged, condemning the whole policy
of the Administration in the declaration of
that war and in conducting it. According to
the new light that has dawned upon the mind
of the Senator from Massachusetts, this oppo-
sition of the members of the two Houses of
Congress from that State who adhered to the
predominant poliey of the State in its oppo-
sition to and denunciation of the principles
upon which that war was declared and waged
would have been sufficient to exclude them
from their seats in the two Houses. Well, sir,
that would have been simply an exclusion of
members because of their politics.
I come down to a more recent case. The
honorable Senator from Massachusetts has
never denied that he stood up in open opposi-
tion to the execution of the i'ugitive slave law,
and that he encouraged open efforts to resist
the execution of that law by force of arms.
Suppose, when that honorable Senator pre-
sented himself here for admission as a Senator
upon this floor, such an objection had been
made to his admission; it would have been
made with more force than the objection is now
made against the admission of Mr. Thomas,
and yet it would have been simply an objec-
tion to him on account of his politics. He was
elected by the appropriate constitutional power,
the Legislature of his State; he had all the
constitutional qualifications required tobe pos-
sessed by a Senator ; and it would have been an
outrage upon the rights of his State and upon
the Constitution of the United States to ex-
clude him upon any such ground. But it
might as well have been done as the exclusion
of Mr. Thomas in the present case.
It seems to me, Mr. President, that Senators
ought to look carefully to the nature and effects
of the precedent which they are about to set.
What will be its consequences in the future
administration of the Government ? The time
may come when the party in power will have
to become the minority, and when its oppo-
nents will have the same power of judgment
and exclusion that the Republican party now
has in the two Houses. If that altered condi-
tion of things should come about there will be
many men with a disposition to tender the
poisoned chalice to their lips, and to subject
them to precisely the same principles and pre-
cedents which they are now maldngtheir oppo-
nents submit to. All this would be wrong : all
this would be violating the principles of the
Constitution ; all this would be subversive of
the rights of the States and of our mixed sys-
tem of Government. You ought, in my judg-
ment, to come to the plain, simple provisions
of the Constitution and its principles. When
the question is whether a Senator shall be ad-
mitted or not, the only matter's into which you
can make legitimate inquiry are, does the man
who presents himself possess the qualifications
of the Constitution and is he willing to submit
to the laws? If he is. I think he is clearlv en-
titled to his seat; and I think the honorable
Senator from \\ iseonsin has pressed the only
principle upon which this controversy should
be determined.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, when the
Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] made
his first speech upon this question I listened
to him with some care. As I said when up
before, he has always secured all of my per-
sonal respects for his judgment and his char-
acter. He entered upon the discussion of this
case by stating the ground that he has restated -
to-day—the inherent, right of a State to select
whom it chooses to represent it; and he denied
the right on our part to enter into an examin-
ation ot the personal fitness or qualifications
of the person so sent. Following that posi-
tion out to its legitimate and logical conse-
quences,^ he demonstrated clearly that Jeffer-
son Davis might be sent here by any State in
the L nion that chose to send him, and that we
would have no right to deny him admission;
that I)r._ Blackburn, of infected clothing nolo-
j| riety, might come into this Chamber, take '.he
11 oath of office, and. unless there were two
I;Ahirds of this body who believed ill tins cm-r
: imty of his crimes, he would be enabled to
|| take his seat as a law-maker of this nation;
|| that, in^ fine, a State might send any person
I. here, whatever, no matter what his personal
