4338
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 22,
that is another one of the assumptions upon
which the case of the sitting member rests. It
is not so. Before the judge of election who
receives the man's votes should be the certified
list by which is determined the right of the man
to vote. A man comes up and gives his name
as Killinghorst. The judge looks over the list
and does not find there the name of Killing-
horst; but he does find on the certified list the
name of "Heillinghorst." The man when he
offers his vote says that his name is Killing-
horst. The judge says to him "Is not yo.ur
name Heillinghorst?" The man replies, ''Yes,
mem name is Heillinghorst." It is taken down
as Hillinghorst. No, sir, it is taken down as
Mullenhorse. The name voted is Mullenhorse,
the name certified is Heillinghorst, and the
name registered is Killinghorst! Which of
these names is it that votes? Is it the right
man or the wrong man ? But I will not dwell
upon this case.
I will give you another illustration. Here
is the name of Reichard Besserly. Well, that
is not his name at all. He ought to be a good
voter, as he voted for the sitting member. It
was necessary to find some name to substitute
for him, and Richard Boeswetter is the man
who called his name as Boeswetter, but who
they say now is upon the certified list as Ritch-
ard Basewetter. When they came to take
down that man's name it is Richard Besserly.
Is there anything analogous to it? Is it taken
down from the sound? Here is another. A
man comes up and votes as J. H. Gerheide ;
no such name is registered, but they admit this
and say the name should be J. H. Woerheide,
yet this " certified list" which is presumed to
have been examined so as to see whether he is
entitled to vote they say gives the name as (jr.
II. Waerhard, yet after all the intelligent clerk
writes this latter name J. H. Gerheide, and
the committee say it was taken down by the
sound. How likely I
Here is a worse case. Here is a man who
votes as August Cuttman. I say that man is
not to be found. Oh, no, says the sitting
member, there is no such man in that district.
Oh, no, says the committee, there is no such
man as August Cuttman, but there is a name
August Ivatlonder, spelled in certified list as
Aug. Kothlander, and there is no doubt he
is the man intended, this is August Cuttman,
and do not you see it is misspelled. And so it
goes through all these names until you eome
down to this one. Here is one name I find
substituted for another. It is the name of
Frank Sumers. This shows the highest style
of art in the substitution of names. I think
the man who did this certainly could take out
a patent for substituting names. They find
Frank Somers on the list, and they find the
name on the original registration as Frank
Webster, who also writes his own name and
no mistake, which certainly must mean Frank
Somers, because he lives upon Webster street 1
The man who did that certainly can take out
a patent. But it is worthy of remark, that
there is no testimony going to prove that these
were the men at all; it is mere naked assump-
tion.
I give these as an illustration of the manner
in which they substituted names, and while
they substitute these names there are those for
whom they make no substitution at all, but
have counted them for the sitting member;
that is to say, a man comes in and illegally
votes, you substitute a name for him and then
rote him for the sitting member. I do not see
any use in contesting an election where fraud-
ulent appliances like these are used. I invite
investigation of this matter. When the sitting
member made his proof as to substituting
names I went over it and examined each case,
and 1 found a number of names thus substi-
tuted had voted for themselves. I alleged that
in my replication, but the committee did not
take any notice of it in their report. I leave it
to the House of Representatives whether, in
view of this state of facts, there is no evidence
there were fraudulent names added to that list
at the precinct No. SO? At any rate, whether,
if the House decides it cannot throw out that
vote entirely,.they will not throw out the fraud-
ulent votes ?
Another point in this case is the return or
want of return from the thirty-seventh district.
I do notiutend to go very largely into this case
at this period of the session, i do not intend
to make an elaborate investigation of this mat-
ter. The committee allege there is no proper
evidence a return has not been made from the
thirty-seventh precinct, and even if it was it
does not amount to anything. It cannot be
constituted a means of depriving the people of
their right to vote. The registration law of
Missoun, section fourteen, says:
"Tho officers of registration sliatl, as soon as may
be, deposit with said clerk tho original books of
registration, which shall be kept and preserved
among tlio archives of tho court."
Why is this? No man can vote in Missouri
unless he takes the oath prescribed by the con-
stitution. Any man who takes that oath falsely
may be prosecuted by anybody for doing it,
and his registration may be given in evidence.
The constitution explicitly declares that the
registration shall be the only evidence of the
fact that a man is entitled to vote ; and in order
that that evidence may be had, the law pro-
vides that it shall be filed in the county clerk's
office.
Now, I ask members of this House and the
Committee of Elections how do they know
that any man who voted at the thirty-seventh
election precinct was a voter in Missouri. The
law says ho cannot vote unless he is registered.
The law says the registration on affirmation
or oath and certificate of tho officer of regis-
tration are the only evidence that shall be had.
The law says that that evidence shall be de-
posited in the county clcrk's ollice. Yet the
Committee of Jilections now declare that there
is no necessity for that. The law requires it,
hut what of it? I say that I do not know
that a single man who voted in that thirty-
seventh precinct was entitled to vote. 1 have
no evidence that he could vote, and yet the
committee count them all, as if the list of those
voting were the highest evidence. Here is
evidence in this record that the original regis-
tration, if ever made, was not where the law
required it to be. There is nothing shown
why it was not there. I leave that point, fori
do not think it worth while now to dwell upon
any of these questions.
1 come now to the night vote. The gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Cook] concedes that
at three precincts a night vote was held. The
law of Missouri does not allow a night vote.
It says that the polls shall be open from sun-
rise till sunset. "Well, but," says the gen-
tleman, "the polls closed at two places, and
there is evidence that while the sitting member
had a majority at two of these precincts, the
contestant had a majority at one." They do
not say anything about the legality of the vote.
That i may not misrepresent them, I will quote
what the committee say, which is substantially
what the gentleman from Illinois just now
said:
"The law of Missouri provides that the polls shall
be kept open until sunset. The committee expressly
rcfruui irom deciding whether the votes taken in
preoinct Aro. 2li alter sunset should be counted or
not. The law ot .Missouri requires that the polls
should be kept open until sunset; whether this law
makes it imperative that the polls should be closed
at sunset ll is not necessary to decide, as the decision
eannoc affect the result ot this case."
Now, the committee say that they will refrain
from deciding this matter. They do not recog-
nize its legality. But, sir, the committee do
not throw out one of these night votes given
for the sitting member. They count them all
just as though they were legal. The secretary
of State, when he made up his certificate in
this case, recognized that this was a different
thing from any other vote. I have here the
certificate, in which he states it thus:
"For Congress, first district, William A. Pile re-
ceived 0,587 votes before sunset; 141 votes after sun-
set."
Is that the usual certificate ?
"John Ilogan received 6,417 votes before sunset;
93 alter sunset."
Now, why that unusual form? Why stated
in that way ? There is nothing of the kind in
reference to the second district,- nor to any
other district. The night vote was not recog-
nized by the secretary of State as a legal and
authoritative vote. The committee say they
do not recognize this, and yet they are so
anxious to be fair in reference to this thing
that, while not recognizing it as legal, they
count it for the sitting member! Now, why is
it done? The committee say it will not make
any difference in the count. I want the count
to show fairly whether it makes a difference or
not; and if I were upon the Committee of
Elections I would either decide that it should
be counted or should not. And if it is not
counted that leaves the majority of the sitting
member 170. I would be glad if the members
of the House who are present would bear in
mind the fact that while there was a majority
of 48 votes given for the sitting member at pre-
cinct twenty-six, those 48 votes taken from his
majority would leave him only a majority of 170.
But the gentleman says that at the twenty-
seventh preciuct the majority of the night vote
was also for the sitting member. One man
testifies that Mr. Pile's majority in that pre-
cinct was about 8. Another testifies that of
487 votes "pretty much all of them were
Ilogan votes." The man who makes that
statement was one of the judges, the one who
put all the ballots in the box, and he says that
the night vote was neither opened nor counted,
but ho says that he knew all the men, he took
in all the votes, and pretty much all of them
were Hogan votes, and that is the reason why
they were not counted. If there had been a
majority there for William A. Pile, his friends,
the majority of the judges, would have counted
the night vote there, as they counted it in the
twenty-sixth precinct. But because there was
some 400 majority there for me, which majority
would have elected me, it was not counted,
and although Mr. Gambs, one of the friends
of the sitting member, and one of the judges
there, says that there was a majority of 8 for
Pile, the clerk of the election swears that it
was not counted at all, and the other judge of
election swears it was not counted at all.
And if it was counted at all, it was counted
by Henry Gambs in his own private room at
his home, after the election was over, after the
judges had separated, and there was nobody
theie to see how he counted it, just as the
thing was done at the thirtieth precinct, with-
out the presence either of the register, the
judges of election, the clerk, or anybody else
known to the law.
Now, sir, I wish to say, in concluding this
part of the argument—and I wish the members
of the House would remember it when I say
it—that of all the registering officers in the
first congressional district of Missouri not one
of them belonged to the party that I belong to.
They were all, each and every one, in the
interest of the sitting member; and of the
judges of election there were but five or six
places in which one of the judges of election
was allowed in my interest. They were all in
the interest of the sitting member. If, then,
there were fraudulent votes polled on my side,
he must be a smart man who got in these
fraudulent votes against the registering officers,
against the judges of election and the clerks
who took in the votes, and everybody else.
But, sir, an allusion was made by the learned
gentleman who opened the case to the fact that
many men could not be found registered because
their names were misspelt upon the register.
vMiy,. sir, they were left off wholly, bodily—left
oft ot the certified list—andtheywere leftoff on
one side only. Listen to what is said by one of
these judges in the twenty-eighth precinct, Mr.
John P. Cassily, and I merely quote it in order
to justify myself iu what I say :
Vv hat struck me as rather peculiar was that the
class ot names that seemed to be dropped from the
registry, m at least forty-eight eases out of fiity, were
-tvisii, and appeared to be Hogan men. I have lived
a long time, some twenty-live years, in that ward,
and am acquainted with many of the voters in the
tenth ward, and a portion of the ninth, and of course
