THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. EVARTS. That is all.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Then it is not to
get in that there was any particular considera-
tion on a given point. In other words, to make
myself plain, by asking a series of well-con-
trived questions, one might get in pretty much
what was done in the Cabinet by "yes" or
"no" answers. We object to it as immaterial;
and now we, perhaps, might have it settled at
once, as well as ever. If this line of testimony is
immaterial, then it is immaterial whether the
matter was considered in the Cabinet. If the
determination of the Senate is that what was
done in the Cabinet should not come in here,
then whether it was done is wholly immaterial,
and is as objectionable as what was done.
Mr. EVAitTS. Yes; but the honorable
Manager will be so good as to remember that
the rulings of the Senate have expressly de-
termined that all that properly bears upon the
question of the intent of the President in mak-
ing the removal and appointing the ad interim
holder of the otlice with a view of raising the
judicial question is admissible, and has been
admitted.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. We never have
heard that ruling. It may have escaped us,
perhaps.
Mr. EVARTS. By examining the record
you will find it.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. We have exam-
ined it with great care; but we shall not iind
that, we think. Will you have the kindness
to read that ruling?
Mr. EVARTS. It is in the memory of the
court.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. The ruling is on
the record.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. If the question be
objected to it will be reduced to writing.
The offer of the counsel for the respondent
was reduced to writing and handed to the Man-
agers.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. By " the removal"
do I understand down to the 21st of February,
1808?
Mr. EVARTS. Yes, sir.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. May I insert these
words: " 21st of February, 1808?''
Mr. EVARTS. You may alter the word
"removal" to "order of the 21st of February,
1808, for the removal."
The CHIEF J USTICE. The Secretary will
road the olf'er made by the counsel for the
President.
The offer was handed to the desk and read,
as follows :
W(! offer to piovo that at the Cabinet meetings
bi'iwcon tlio impugn ot the temire-ol-L-ivil-otlioo bill
ami the order of the 21st ot l-'ebruinv, IfSGB. tor the
romovnl ot Mr. Stanton upon occasions when tho
condition oi the public sei vice was nftccted by the
opi'iiitinn of that bill came up for the consideration
and acHieo of the Cabinet it was considered by the
Pi evident :md Cabinet th.it a proper res.ird to the
public service ni.nle it desirable that upon some
proper ease a judicial determination on the conbti-
tauouality ol the law shou-ld be obtained.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Mr. President and
Senators, we, of the Managers, object, and we
should like to have this question determined in
the minds of the Senators upon this principle.
We understand here that the determination of
the Senate is, that Cabinetdiseussions, of what-
ever nature, shall not beputin as ashieldto the
President. That I understand, for one, to be
the broad principle upon which this class of
questions stand and upon which the Senatchas
voted; and, therefore, these attempts to get
around it, to get in by detail and at retail—if 1
may use that expression—Evidence which in its
wholesale character cannot be admitted, are
dimply tiring out and wearing out the patience
of t lie Senate. I should like to have it settled,
once for all, if it can be, whether the Cabinet
consultations upon any subject arc to be a
shield. Upon this particular offer, however,
I will leave the matter with the Senate after a
single suggestion.
It is offered to show that the Cabinet con-
sulted upon the desirability of getting up a case
to test the constitutionality of the law. It is
either material or immaterial. It might pos-
sibly be material in one view if they mean to
say that they consulted upon getting up this
case in the mode and manner that it is brought
here, and only in that event could it bs mate-
rial. Does the question mean to ask if they
consulted and agreed together to bring up this
case in the form in which it has been done ?
If they agreed upon any other proceeding it is
wholly immaterial; but if they agreed upon
this case, then we arc in this condition of things,
that they propose to justify the President's act
by the advice of his subordinates, and substi-
tute their opinion upon the legality of his action
in this case for yours.
Senators, you passed this tenure-of-office
act. That might have been done by inadvert-
ence. The President then presented it to you
for your revision, and you passed it again
notwithstanding his constitutional argument
upon it. The President then removed Mr.
Stanton, and presented its unconstitutionality
again, and presented also the question whether
Mr. Stanton was within it, and you, after sol-
emn deliberation and argument, again decided
that Mr. Stanton was within its provisions so
as to be protected by it, and that the law was
constitutional. Then he removed Mr. Stanton
on the 21st of February, and presented the
same question to you again, and again, after
solemn argument., you decided that Mr. Stan-
ton was within its provisions and that the law
was constitutional. Now they offer to show
the discussions of the Cabinet upon its consti-
tutionality to overrule the quadruple opinion
solemnly expressed by the Senate upon these
very questions—four times upon the constitu-
tionality of the law, and twice upon its consti-
tutionality and upon the fact that Mr. Stanton
was within it. Is that testimony to be put in
here? The proposition whether it was desir-
able to have this constitutional question raised
is the one presented. II it was any other con-
stitutional question in any other ease, then it
is wholly immaterial. If it is this ease, then
you are trying that question, and they propose
to substitute the judgment of the Cabinet for
the judgment, of the Senate.
Mr. EVARTS. 1 must, I think, be allowed
to say that the patience of' the Senate, which
is so frequently leferrcd to by the learned Man-
agers as being taxed, seems to be, in their judg-
ment., a sort of unilateral patience, and not
open to impressions upon opposite sides. Now,
Senators, the proposition can be very briefly
submitted to y ou.
By decisive determinations upon certain
questions of evidence arising in this cause
jou have decided that, at least, what in point
of time is so near to this action of the Presi-
dent as may fairly import to show that in his
action he was governed by a desire to raise a
question for judicial determination shall be
admitted. About that there can be no ques-
tion that the record will confirm my state-
ment. Now, my present inquiry is to show
that within this period, thus extensively and
comprehensively named for the present., in
his official duty and in his consultations con-
cerning his oflicial duly with the heads of De-
partments, it. became apparent that the opera-
tion of this law raised embarrassments in the
public service and rendered it important as a
practical matter that there should be a de-
termination concerning the constitutionality
of the law, and that it was desirable that upon
a proper case such a determination should be
had. I submit the mattei to the Senate with
these observations.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the offer to prove.
The Chief Clerk read the offer.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. 'The Chief Justice
will submit the question to the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS called for the yeas aud nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. President, I de-
sire to submit a question to the Managers
before I vote. I send it to the desk.
The CHIEF J USTICE. The question pro-
pounded to the honorable Managers by the
Senator from Missouri will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows: *
If the President shall be convicted, he must fee
removed from office.
If his guilt should be so great as to demand such
punishment, ho may be disqualified to hold and'en-
joy any office under the United States.
Is not tlio ovidenee now offered competent to go
before tho court in mitigation ?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Mr. President and
Senators, I am instructed to answer to that,
that we do not believe this would be evidence
in any event; but all evidence in mitigation of
punishment must be submitted after verdict
and before judgment, save where the jury fix
the punishment in their verdict, which is not
the case here. Evidence in mitigation never
is put in to influence the verdict; but if a ver-
dict, of guilty is rendered, then circumstances
of mitigation, such as good character or pos-
sible commission of the crime by inadvertence,
can be given, but not upon the issue.
Mr. CONKL1NG. Is that the rule of prac-
tice before this tribunal?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I do not know as
there are any rules of practice here.
Mr. CONJXLING. Would that be applica-
ble to this tribunal?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I am asked by
tho honorable Senator from New York whether
it would bo applicable before this tribunal.
Under tho general practice of impeachments
judgment is never given by the House of Peers
until demanded by the Commons. Whether
that may be applicable here or not I.do not
mean at this moment to determine. I say
judgment never is given until demanded, and
as this judgment is to be given as a separate
act, if evidence in mitigation is applicable at
all, it must be given to influence that event.
There is an appreciable time in this tribunal,
as in all others, between a verdict of guilty
and the act of judgment; and if any such evi-
dence can be given at all it must, in my judg-
ment, be given at that time. It certainly can-
not, be given for any other purpose.
I have already stated that we do not believe
it to be competent at all, and I am so instructed
by my associates; but, if ever competent, it
cannot be competent until the time arrives for
■the consideration of the judgment. If I may
ask a question, I would inquire do the Presi-
dent's counsel offer this evidence in mitiga-
tion, because if they do that will raise another
question. We slmli not object to it, perhaps,
even now, in mitigation, because that will be
a confession of guilt,. [Laughter.]
The CHIEF J USTICE. The Secretary will
read the offer to prove once more.
The offer was read as follows :
We offer to prove that, at the Cabinet meetings be-
tween tho passage of tho tenure-of-civil-oliioe billand
the order of the 21st of Februaiy, 1SGS. for the ro-
niovnI ot Mr. Stanton, upon occasions when the con—
dition of tho public.service infected by the oper-
ation oi th:it bill camc up ior the consideration and
,id\ ice of tho Cabinet, it was eon^ideied by tho Pres-
ident mid Cabinet that si proper repaid to the public
sci vice made it desirable that upon some proper caso
a judicial determination on the constitutionality oi
the law should be obtained.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Senators, yon who
arc of opinion that the evidence offered by the
counsel for the President should be received
will, when your names are called, answer
yea; those of the contrary opinion, nay. The
Secretary -will call the roll.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 30 ; as follows :
YEAS — Meters. Anthony, Bayard, Buekalevr,
Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Pesscnden. Fowler, Grimes,
Henderson, Jiendricks, Johnson, McCreery, Patter-
,«on of Tennessee, Ros>, Saulsbury, Trauibull, \ an
Winkle, and "Viekors—V). , ,, _ ,
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell,.Chandler, Cole,
Conklin?, Conner, Corbett, Cragin, Drake, ImI-
mnndrf, Ferry, Prelincrhuysen, JHnrian, Howard,
Howe, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill ot ^ er-
mont. Patteison of New Hampshire. Pomeroy, liam-
sev, Sherman, Spia^ue, Stewart, Thayer, liptou,
Wilier, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—30.
NOT VOTJNG—Messrs. Morton, Norton, Nye,
Sumner, and Wade—5.
So the Senate ruled the offer to be inadmis-
sible.
Mr. ANTHONY, (at two o'clock p. m.) I
move that the Senate take a recess for fifteen
minutes.
