2292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
impeachment op the president.
. The SPE AKER. The hour of twelve o'clock
having arrived, the House will now resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole, accord-
ing to order, and proceed to the bar of the
Senate, following the managers and preceded
by the chairman of the Committee of the Whole,
who will be attended by the Clerk and acting
Doorkeeper. There will be business to be
transacted upon the return of the House to
this nail.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole, in obedience to
the order, and proceeded to the bar of the
Senate.
At four o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.
the Committee of the Whole returned to the
Hall, and the Speaker having resumed the chair,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, made the
following report: The Committee of the Whole
have, according to order, attended the managers
to the bar of the Senate, sitting as a court of
impeachment for the trial of Andrew Johnson;
progress has been made in the trial, and the
Senate, sitting as a court of impeachment, has
adjourned until twelve o'clock to-morrow.
eighty-fourth new york volunteers.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary
of War, in answer to a resolution of the
House, relative to the eighty-fourth New York
volunteers having received only fifty dollars
additional bounty ; which was referred to the
Committee oil Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
arizona.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House the journal of the fourth
Legislature of Arizona; which was referred to
the Committee on the Territories.
lincoln monument.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has received
the following invitation :
washington, d. c., April 9,1868.
The committee having in charcro tho ordor of ccro-
monies reauest tho honor of tne presence of Mr.
Speaker Colfax, members and officers of the House,
on tho occasion of unveiling and dedicating tiic statue
of the lato President Abraham Lincoln, now being
erected by the citizens of Washington in front of the
City Hall, on the afternoon of Wednosday, the 15th
instant, at two o'clock.
lllCHARD WALLACII. Chairman.
CBOSny S. Noyes, Secretary.
The House will be probably engaged in its
duties at the bar of the Senate on Wednesday.
Mr. WASHBUKNE, of Illinois. I move
that the Speaker return the proper answer to
the invitation.
Mr. GARFIELD. Expressing our regret,
and declining it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will under-
stand that as the order of the House.
Mr. RAUM. Why cannot a committee be
appointed by the Speaker to accept this invi-
tation on tho part of the House, and to be
present at this ceremony?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest
to my colleague to let it remain with the Speaker
what answer to send.
The SPEAKER. Members will understand
that they are invited and can be present at the
hour of two o'clock W ednesday afternoon next.
argument of manager butler.
Mr. GARFIELD. In accordance with the
notice I gave .this morning I now call for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
pending question. On the 30th of March the
House seconded the previous question on a res-
olution reported from the Committee on Print-
ing for the printing of forty thousand copies of
the speech of Manager Butler in opening the
case for the House on the trial of the Presi-
dent. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Ciiani.er] moved that the resolution be laid
on the table, which motion was rejected;
and the question now recurs on ordering the
main question to be put.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. J moyo a  amendment
to ibertieelutKw
The SPEAKER. That can only be done
by unanimous consent.
-Mr. ELDRIDGE. So I suppose. I had
drawn' it up as an independent resolution, but
propose to submit it now as an amendment to
the pending resolution.
The Clerk read as follows i
Resolved, That there bo printed for tho uso of this
House forty thousand copies of tho opening argu-
ment of tho President's counsol, Judgo Curtis.
The SPEAKER. Even unanimous consent
could not make that in order; and for this
reason: by law to be found in the Statutes-at-
Large, volume nine, (incorporated in the Di-
gest, not now before the Chair,) every propo-
sition for printing extra numbers of any docu-
ment whatever must be referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing; and it has been decided that
no amendment and no unanimous consent can
waive it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Tho Senate frequently
amends a bill of the House for raising reve-
nue, and on the same principle this might be
amended.
The SPEAKER. That is the constitutional
right of the Senate.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask the vote on the
pending resolution bfl delayed, and this reso-
lution of mine be referred to the Committee
on Printing, so they may report on both cases
at the same time.
The SPEAKER. The committee have al-
ready reported upon one subject. The gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldiudoe] nowasks
unanimous consent that the resolution just
read may be introduced and referred to the
Committee on Printing.
No objection whs made; and the resolution
submitted by Mr. Eldridge was accordingly
received and referred.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Tho proposition, as stated
by the Chair, was not the precise proposition
for which I asked unanimous consent. I desire
that both resolutions go to the Committee on
Printing, in order that they may come before
the House together for action.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman de-
sires to have the pending resolution recom-
mitted to the Committee on Printing?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That is what I ask.
The SPEAKER. That will require unani-
mous consent pending the previous question.
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Gentlemen must see
that this resolution cannot go through. There
is no quorum now present.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is,
"Shall the main question be now put?"
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 4!S, noes 15; no quorum
voting.
Mr. GARFIELD. As there is no quorum
present 1 move that the House now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and fifty-tive minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petitions, eto.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. MAYNARD: A memorial of the
Memphis, El Paso, and Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, of Texas, praying for a grant of public
lands and a loan of United States bonds, to aid
iri constructing a continuous line of railroad
and telegraph from Jefferson, in Texas, to San
Diego, in California, by the way of El Paso,
with authority to make such railroad connec-
tions as to reach San Francisco, Guayamas,
Memphis, and Virginia City, on the harbor of
Norfolk, in Virginia, or any other point on the
Atlantic coast, and Washington city, under
the title of the Southern Transcontinental
railroad.
By Mr. STARKWEATHER: The petition
of H. S. Bedet and 100 others, citizens of New
London, Connecticut, for the repeal of the
special tax on petroleum.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana: The
claim of George Memsin, for loss of horse, &o.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, April 14, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
impeachment of the president.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will be vacated, that the Chief Justice of the
Supreme Court may preside.
The President pro tempore thereupon vacated
the chair, and the Senate proceeded to the trial
of the impeachment of President Johnson.
The Senate, sitting for the trial of the im-
peachment, having adjourned,
The President pro tempore resumed the chair
at twelve o'clock and nineteen minutes p. m.
impeachment rules.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to give notice of my
purpose to offer an additional rule to the rules
of practice and proceeding in cases of impeach-
ment. I ask that the Clerk read it.
The Secretary read the additional rule pro-
posed to the rules of practice and proceeding
in cases of impeachment, as follows:
Two thirds of tho Senators present shall be neces-
sary to rule any question of evidence or law against
tho party impeached.
journal.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Jour-
nal of yesterday will be read.
The Secretary read the Journal of yester-
day's legislative session.
territorial laws.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter of the Secretary for the
Territory of New Mexico, transmitting, in con-
formity with a joint resolution of the Legisla-
tive Assembly of that Territory, copies of acts
passed by the Legislative Assembly of the Ter-
ritory of "Now Mexico at its last session which
were disapproved by the Governor of that
Territory ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Territories.
lie also presented the journals of the fourth
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Ari-
zona for the session begun on the 4th day of
September and ended on the 7th day of Octo-
ber, A. D. 1867, at Prescott; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Territories.
bankruptcy rules and forms.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
letter of the justices of the Supremo Court of
the United States, communicating a report
with rules and forms of proceeding in bank-
ruptcy ; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
memorial of tho Legislature of the State of
Wisconsin, for a grant of land to aid in the con-
struction of the Wisconsin River Valley rail-
road ; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
He also presented an address of the National
Assembly of the Provisional Government of
Crete, asking Congress for recognition, for aid
to secure the complete emancipation and inde-
pendence of the island, and for instructions by
the United States to their minister at Constan-
tinople to cooperate with ministers of European
Powers who are active with the Sublime Porte
m behalf of Crete ; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, and ordered
to be printed.
He also presented an address of the Cham-
°"n'merce Geneva, Switzerland, in
relation to the currency of the United States •
which was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance. *
He also presented a memorial of the General
Assembly of the State of Iowa, in relation 7n
the project of connecting, bv navioihlo Z
nels through the Fox
the waters of the Mississippi river with
waters of Lake Michigan ; Z
to the Committee on Public Lands eierred
mm ttu u  taiUb, kiSEvS'SJ
