1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
2293 '
post office may be rented to them for the par-
pose of establishing a public exchange and
reading-room ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. MORGAN presented the memorial of
Stephen Brown and Charles D. Burrell, execu-
tors of the last will and testament of James C.
Roosevelt Brown, remonstrating against the
passage of Senate bill for the relief of Roose-
velt Hospital; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of exporters
of rum and alcohol residing in the city of New
York, favoring the passage of the House bill to
allow the export of rum and alcohol for the
space of .thirty days in order to enable them to
fulfill contracts; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
He also presented the preamble and resolu-
tion of the Buffalo Board of Trade, favoring
the application of the Chamber of Commerce
of Milwaukee, for the reimbursement for money
expended by the city of Milwaukee in con-
structing a straight cut from Lake Michigan to
the Milwaukee river ; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FOWLER presented the memorial of
the Memphis, El Paso, and Pacific Railroad
Company, of Texas, praying for a grant of
public lands and a loan of United States bonds
to aid iu constructing a continuous line of rail-
road and telegraph from Jefferson, in Texas,
to San Diego, in California, by the way of El
Paso, with authority to make such railroad
connections as to reach San Francisco, Guaya-
mas, Memphis, and Virginia City, on the har-
bor of Norfolk, in Virginia, or any other point
on the Atlantic coast, and Washington city,
under the title of the Southern Transconti-
nental railroad; which was referred to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. HARLAN presented the memorial of
the General Assembly of the State of Iowa, in
relation to the project of connecting the waters
of the Mississippi river with the waters of Lake
Michigan; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Gen-
eral Assembly of the State of Iowa, asking
Congress to declare the Iowa river unnaviga-
ble north of the city of Wapello, in Louisa
county; which were referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Gen-
eral Assembly of the State of Iowa, praying for
the relief of Peter J. Knapp, late a privatein
company H, fifth regiment Iowa volunteer in-
fantry ; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Gen-
eral Assembly of the State of Iowa, relative to
the construction of a drawbridge across the
Missouri river at Council Bluffs; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HENDERSON presented a petition of
James F. Joy, praying such action as will give
him the possession of the marine hospital and
grounds at Chicago, Illinois, purchased by him
under act of Congress; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a memorial of
officers of the Army, remonstrating against
the passage of the bill which deprives all re-
tired officers of the Army of their longevity
or service rations ; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of Wil-
liam Gray, praying to be allowed arrears of
pension; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of William
Cook, praying to be allowed arrears of pen-
sion ; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. McCREERY presented the petition of
Charles C. Higdon, guardian of the minor
children of William M. Hooten, praying that
they may be allowed a pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Martha
\
tee om, |
solution?
Stout, praying to be allowed a pension ; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FOWLER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Columbus, Mississippi, praying a do-
nation of certain land for the benefit of the
school for freedmen in that place, and an ap-
propriation of money for the purpose of build-
ing a school- house; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented a memorial
of Duff Green, in relation to the currency, the
issue of Treasury certificates, and the system
of railroad mail service for the Post Office
Department; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. HENDERSON, it was
Ordered, Tha.t the petitions of Walter II. Tinker
and John P. McEiroy, praying for a firant of pen-
sions, together wilh tlie accompanying papers, bo
taken from the files ofthq Senate, and referred to
the Committee ou Pension^.
report of impeachment trial
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee
Printing, to whom was referred the resolution'
submitted by the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Drake,] to print five thousand copies of the
reportofthe impeachmenttrial,haveinstrueted
me to report back the same without amend-
ment, and recommend its passage. I ask for
its present consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent. Is there any objection ?
No objection being made, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution, which is as
follows:
ItcKolved, That there bo printed for the use of the
Senate, at the close of the pending impeachment
trial, five thousand copies of tho report thereof, in
addition to the number of copies thereof heretofore
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to inquire of the
Senator from Rhode Island whether this is
printed at the Public Printing Office ?
Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it also printed at the
Congressional Globe office?
Mr. ANTHONY. Not in pamphlet form.
Mr. SHERMAN. Do we pay lor it as part
of the Congressional Globe?
Mr. ANTHONY. Wepay the Congressional
Globe for the proceedings in the Congressional
Globe, of course.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit, then, that this
is a double expenditure that ought not to be
incurred. The Globe has got to be a mam-
moth, monstrous, overgrown affair. At any
rate it is very expensive, costing far more than
Senators dream of. Now, to pay for this trial
in the Globe, and then to pay for k atour own
printer's, doubling the composition, is an un-
necessary expenditure. I think it ought not
to be published in the Globe, if published in
the other form.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator certainly
would not have tho Globe deficient in the most
interesting proceedings we have had for years.
It is necessary that the record in the Globe
should be pcrfect, I suppose. The trial is
printed in the Globe, and then this is printed
in this octavo form.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask why publish these
extra copies at the Government Printing Office,
which is already overburdened with printing.
Why not direct these to be supplied at the
Globe office?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator will allow
me to suggest that we do precisely the same
thing in reference to the President's message.
It is printed in the Globe, but we order extra
copies. So the reports of the heads of De-
partments are printed in the Globe, but we
order extra copies. As a matter of course the
proceedings of this trial must go into the Globe ;
but it is very essential that,_ we should have
these impeachment proceedings in a separate
form. We all want them.
Mr. SHERMAN. The answer to that is,
that nothing is printed in the Congressional
Globe except the bare message necessary to
explain the debate, while all the accompany-
ing documents are published at the Govern-
ment Printing Office, and there alone. If we
are to make the Congressional Globe a vasS
depository for all the proceedings of Congress
and all the proceedings on the trial of impeach-
ments, and then publish the trial again at our
own Government Printing Office, it' seems to
me we are doubling the expense. The law for
the publication of the Globe expires on the 4th
of March next, and then we shall get rid of it j
but it seems to me it is hardly worth while to
double this expenditure. If these proceed-
ings are published in the Government Printing
Office, there is no necessity for printing them
in the Globe; or if they are published in the
Globe, there put in type, we may as well order
from the Globe office the requisite number of
copies without going to this double expense.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ohio .
certainly would not leave out of the Globe,
which contains the proceedings of Congress
for a great many years, all about this trial;
iind we surely must have the proceedings in
'this impeachment case separately so that each
Senator can examine them without going to
the* Daily Globe. We have already ordered
that, and it is now only a question about extra
numbers, as I understand, which will not be a
very expensive matter. I do not know what
the cost will amount to; I suppose the chair-
man of the Committee 011 Printing can tell us;
but it seems to me it would be a very strange
proceeding to strike from the publication of
our proceedings in the Congressional Globe
this great trial. I hope the resolution will
pass.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, this pub-
lication will cost only the expense of printing
and of tho paper; the type is all set, and the
cost will of course be very immaterial. We
must be of opinion, and I suppose the whole
country is of the same opinion, that this trial
should go into the hands of the public gener-
ally. That cannot be done by circulating the
Globe. They would hardly be able to read it
in the Globe if they got it. The number of
copies of the Globe we shall have will not
enable us to distribute them at all to the public
generally. The Committee on Printing, there-
fore, had no doubt that it was but a reasonable
request on the part of those who made the sug-
gestion that the number of copies of this pub-
lication should be increased as proposed by the
committee.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I should like to in-
quire of the chairman of the Committee on
Printing whether the edition which is laid on
our tables daily is printed at the Government
Printing Office or at the Globe office, and
whether this is the one of which it is proposed
now to print extra copies?
Mr. ANTHONY. It is printed at the Gov-
ernment Printing Office, and it is the edition
of which the committee propose to order addi-
tional copies. The Senator from Ohio will
understand that this does not double the ex-
pense. The reporting for this edition of course
costs nothing. This report is taken from the
Globe, and it is kept back one day, allowing
an opportunity for revision, which is a matter
of considerable consequence if there be any
errors or mistakes, as there are more likely to
be in taking down testimony than anything
else, although the reporters of the Globe in the
Senate never make mistakes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We do not got the Globe
early enough.
Mr. ANTHONY. It can be got by sending
for it. The Globe would be laid on our desks
every morning, but for the fact that, as I under-
stand, the Presiding Officer thought it not
proper to allow newspapers on our desks during
the trial, and, therefore, they have not been
allowed to be brought in. _ We can havethe
Globe here every morning with the_proceedings
of the day before, and the following morning
we have this edition in which there has been
an opportunity for revision. The additional
expense is only in setting up the type. 1 hat
is something, of course, and perhaps consider-
able more than the committee would think of
