1888.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4341
gress has jurisdiction, and it being for such reason
necessary that the consent of Congress should be
given to the said stipulations before the same can
have full force and effect, having taken into consid-
eration th-c said treaty, and approving of the stipu-
lations therein, to the end that the same may be
carried into effect: Therefore."
The previous question was seconded and tbe
main question ordered, being upon Mr. Bank's
motion, to non-concur in the amendments of
tbe Senate and ask a committee of conference.
Mr. CULLOM demanded tbe yeas and nays,
and called for tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the motion was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Banes, Mr.
Loughridge, and Mr. Randall, managers of
the conference on tlie part of the House.
ausenals at st. louis, etc., missouri.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the amendments of the Senate to tbe bill
(H. It. No. 451) providing for the sale of the
arsenal grounds at St. Louis and Liberty, Mis-
souri, and for other purposes.
The amendments of the Senate were read as
follows:
In line eight of section one, strike out "first;"
after "Missouri,'' in line nine, insert "except the
, westernmost six acres thereof;" and strike out all
after line fourteen, as follows: "Second. That portion
of the military reservation known as Fort Leaven-
worth, which lies on theeastsidoof the Missouri river,
together with that portion of said reservation situated
on the west t^ide of the Missouri river, which lies be-
tween the city limits of Leavenworth City and a line
commencing on tho Missouri river at the mouth of
Corral ravine, and running parallel with the south
line of said reservation to its western boundary; " so
as to make the section read:
That the Secretary of War be, and is hereby,
authorized to sell, at such time and m such manner
a& he may deem most advantageous to the interests
of tho Government, subject to the provisions herein-
after contained, the following military reservations
and public pioperty,namely: the ground now occu-
pied by the {St. Louis arsenal, in the city of St. Louis,
Missouri, except the westernmost six acres thereof,
and that occupied by tho United States arsenal sit-
uated at Liberty, Missouri, together with such build-
ings, machinery, and other property appertaining
thereto as cannot be advantageously employed in
the construction or improvement of other arsenals
or military posts.
In section two after the word " arsenal," in line
two, insert " exccpt the westernmost six acres there-
of;" so as tu make the section read:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the ground
•occupied by the St. Louis arsenal, except the west-
ernmost six acres thereof, shall be divided into
blocks and lots of convenient size for building pur-
poses, with public streets, conforming, as near as
may be without detriment to the interest of the Gov-
ernment in the sale, to the public streets of the city
of St. Louis adjoining said grounds; a plat of this
division, made m accordance with the laws of the
State of Missouri, shall be filed with the proper
officer in the city of St. Louis; and the said lots
shall be sold separately, at public auction, to the
highest bidder, after thirty days' notice by adver-
tisement in at least three daily papers in the city of
St. Louis; payment to be made one third in cosh,
the remainder in ono and two ycais, with six per
cent, interest per annum, securcd by deed of trust on
the lots sold. The stone wall surrounding said ar-
senal shall be sold in sections not exceeding one
hundred feet in length.
Insert as a new section, the following:
And.be it further enacted, That the westernmost six
acres of the tract of ground occupied by the said St.
Louis arsenal, is hereby granted to the city of St.
Louis, to be by it held as a public ground forever,
open to the use of the public as a place of public re-
sort, and for no other use whatever, and without any
power in said city to make any disposition of the
same, or any part thereof, for any private use what-
ever : Provided, however. That this grant is upon the
express condition that thesaid city or the association
formed and now existing in the State of Missouri for
the purpose of erecting a monument to the memory
of the late Brigadier General Nathaniel Lyon, shall,
within three years after the passage of this act, com-
plete the erection upon the said six acres of such a
monument, upon a plan and of a character to be
approved by the President of the United States; in
default whereof this giant shall be null and void.
In lines two and three of section three, strike out
tho words " and that part of the Fort Leavenworth
reservation specified in section firsthand in lines
nine, ten, eleven, and twelve, strike out the follow-
ing proviso; "Provided, That no part of Fort Leav-
enworth reservation west of the Missouri river shall
be sold in lots exceeding ten acres each, but shall be
sold in lots of half an acre, separately if desired by
purchasers;" so as to make it read;
And be it further enacted, That the grounds occupicd
by the Liberty arsenal shall be sold at public auction,
after duo notice by public advertisement of the time
and place of said sale, in such parcels, blocks, and
lots as mny be deemed most advantageous to the
interest of the Government, by the Secretary of War,
upon the terms and conditions as to payment speci-
fied in tho previous section.
Mr. PILE. I move that the amendments
of the Senate be concurred in; and on that
motion I demand the previous question.
Mr. COBB. I would like to have the original
bill read.
The SPEAKER. That can be done by unan-
imous consent; but only the amendments of
the Senate are now before the House.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I would inquire
of the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Pile]
if that portion of tbe bill relating to the sale
of the Fort Leavenworth reservation has been
stricken out?
Mr. PILE. It has been, for the reason that
a bill subsequently passed the House and the
Senate, and became a law, providing for the
sale of that portion of the Fort Leavenworth
reservation upon which the coal lands are situ-
ated. I now call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendments of the Senate
were concurred in.
Mr. PILE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendments of the Senate were
concurred in ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
loyal ciioctaws and chickasaws.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was the amendment of the Senate to House
bill No. 1376, for the relief of the loyal Choc-
taw and Chickasaw Indians.
The amendment of the Senate was to add to
the bill the following:
And provided also, That the bonds of the State of
Indiana held by the United States shall not be sold
under tho provisions of this act.
Mr. WINDOM. I move that the amend-
ment of the Senate be concurred in.
The question was taken upon concurring in
the amendment of the Senate; and it was
concurred in.
Mr. W1NDOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment of the Senate was
concurred in; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
columbia deaf and dumb institution.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was the consideration of the amendments of
the Senate to House bill No. 511, making
appropriations for the service of the Columbia
Institution for the Instruction of tho Deaf and
Dumb, and establishing additional regulations
for the government of the institution.
The first amendment of the Senate was to
add to the bill the following ;
Sec. 6. And be if further enacted, That tho follow-
ing sums be, and the same arc hereby, appropriated,
for the purpose hereinafter expressed, tor tho fiscal
year ending June 00,186'J ;
Government Hospital for the Insane in the Dis-
trict of Columbia:
For the support, clothing, medical and moral treat-
ment ot the insane of the Army and Navy and rev-
enue-cutter service, and of the indigent insane of the
District of Columbia in the Government hospital for
the insane, including SntiO ior books, stationery, and
incidental expenses, £90,500.
For finishing, iurmshmg, lighting, and heating the
unfinished part ot the cast wing of the main hos-
pital cditice, 5/,000.
Columbia Institution for the Deaf and Dumb:
For the support of the institution, including &1,000
for books and illustrative apparatus, $25,000.
For the proper inclosurc, improvement, and en-
largement of the grounds of the institution, in ac-
cordance with plans hereto fore submitted to Congress,
$5,600.
Columbia Hospital for Women and Lying-in
Asylum:
For the support of the asylum, over and above
the probable amount which will be received from
independent or pay patients, $15,000,
For the completion of the Providence Hospital in
Washington city, District of Columbia, §30,000.
For the National Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphans'
Home, in the city of Washington, District of Colum-
bia, 810,000.
For care, support, and mcdical treatment of sixty
transient paupers, medical and surgical patients, in
some proper medical institution in the city of Wash-
ington, under a contract to bo formed with such
institution, §12,000, or so much thereof as iariy be
necessary.
The second amendment of the Senate was to
add to the title of the bill the words " and for
other purposes so that it would read ;
An act making appropriations for the service of
the Columbia Institution for tho Instruction of tho
Deai and Dumb, and establishing additional regula-
tions for the government of the institution, and for
other purposes.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The first
amendment makes an appropriation, wliick,
under the rule, must receive its first consider-
ation in Committee of the Whole. I there-
fore move that the amendments of the Senate
to this bill be referred to the Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. SPALDING. I move^hat the amend-
ments be referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
The SPEAKER. The motion to refer to the
Committee of the Whole has priority of a
motion to refer to a standing committee of
the House.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope the motion to
refer to the Committee of the Whole will not
be agreed to. We have had this same subject
substantially under consideration in Commit-
tee of the Whole once already.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I desire to make an in-
quiry of the Chair. Should these amendments
of the Senate to this bill be referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, when they shall
have been reported back to the House, must
they not then receive their first consideration
in the Committee of the Whole?
The SPEAKER. They must if the point be
then made; but at that time a motion to sus-
pend the rules so as to discharge the Commit-
tee of the Whole from their consideration may
be in order.
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ All I de-
sire is to have an opportunity to discuss and
have a separate vote on some of the amend-
ments.
Mr. SPALDING. If the gentleman will
withdraw his motion to refer to the Committee
of the Whole, we can arrange it in the com-
mittee-room so as to give him the opportunity
he desires
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] will agree
to give me time to state some objections I will
withdraw the motion. I expect the bill will
pass.
Mr. SPALDING. I will agree to that.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
withdraw my motion.
The SPEAKER. The question then recurs
upon the motion to refer to the Committee on
Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to.
post routes.
The nest business on the Speaker's table
was Senate amendments to the bill (H. R. No.
1127) to establish certain post routes.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is not necessary,
I presume, to read those amendments; they
simply fix certain post routes. I move that
the House concur.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the amendments were con-
curred in ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
presentation of bills to president, etc.
The next business on the Speakes's table
was the bill (S. No. 306) regulating the pre-
sentation of bills to the President of the Uni-
ted States and the return of the same ; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill provides in the first section that the
ten days mentioned in section seven of article
one of the Constitution, within which the-Presi-
dent of the United States is required to return
to the House in which it originated any Dili
not approved by hfm shall he held and con-
