236
SUPPLEMENT TO
Answer. I was appointed in July, 1806; I
have held it from that time.
Question. Before that time had you been in
the Department; and if so, in what capacity?
Answer. I had been from the fall of 1802.
I was First Assistant Postmaster General.
Question. Since the passage of the civil-
tenure act, have cases arisen in the postal ser-
vice in which officers came in question for their
conduct and duty in the service?
Answer. They have.
Question. Do you remember the case of Fos-
ter Blodgett?
Ansiver. I do.
Question. What was he?
Answer. He was postmaster at Augusta, in
Georgia.
Question. Was there any suspension of Mr.
Blodgett in his office or in its duties?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. That suspension
must have been evidenced by some writing.
Mr. EVARTS. I have asked the question
whether there was one.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. If it was in writ-
ing I desire it to be produced.
Mr. EVARTS. 1 expect to produce it.
The Witness. There was.
Question. By whom was it made?
Answer. It was made by me.
Question. As Postmaster General?
Answer. As Postmaster General.
Question. Had the President anything to do
with it?
Answer. Nothing at all.
Question. Did ho know of it?
Answe>*. Not when it was done, nor be-
fore it.
Question, (handing some papers to the wit-
ness.) Please look at these papers and say if
they are the official papers of that act?
Answer. Yes, sir; they are certified to be
by me as Postmaster General.
Ques/ion. Did you receive a complaint
against Mr. Blodgett?
Answer. There was one; yes, sir.
Question. And was it upon that complaint
that your action was taken?
Answer. It, was.
Question. In what form did the complaint
come to you, and of what fact?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Let the complaint
itself state.
Mr. EVA UTS. I have asked in what form
it came.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. The complaint will
speak for itself. This foim is in writing.
Mr. EVARTS. I do not know that.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Then I object to
the information of others.
Mr. EVARTS. I have asked in what form
the complaint came to him. Is that objected
to ?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. No, sir; that is
not, objected to ; whether it was in writing or
verbal.
The Witness. It came in writing and ver-
bally, both.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. We shall have the
writing, 1 suppose.
Mr. EVARTS. Yes, sir. [To the witness.]
And on the complaint, verbally and in writing,
this action was taken?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Mr. EVARTS. I propose to put in evidence
tbe«e papers.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Let me see them
first.
After an examination of the papers.
ilr. Manager BUTLER. Have you a copy
of the indictment referred to in these papers?
Mr. EVARTS. It is not here.
Mr. CURTIS. Governor Randall has it here.
Mr. EVARTS, (to the witness.) Have you
it here ?
The Witness. I do not think a copy of the
indie!mont, is here.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. That is all there
is of it.
Mr. EVARTS. Very well.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. We object to these t
papers, because, very carefully, there has been I
left out the only thing that is of any conse-
quence.
Mr. EVARTS. Whose care do you refer to ?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. The man who
did it.
Mr. EVARTS. Who is that?
Mr. ManagerBUTLElt. Idonotknow. This
Mr. Blodgettis now attempted to be affected in
his absence, and I feel a little bound to take care
of him, because, being called as a witness here,
ho must be dealt justly with. The papers they
now offer refer to the evidence of Mr. Blod-
gett's misconduct, and the evidence is not pro-
duced here, not even a recital of it; and there-
fore I say it is unjust to put in Mr. Randall's
recital of a fact that happened when he has in
his Department the fact itself, and which has
been, by somebody to me unknown, carefully
kept away from here.
Mr. EVARTS. Mr. Chief Justice and Sen-
ators. the honorable Managers chose, for some
reason and ground best known to themselves,
to offer in evidence as a part of this incrim-
ination an act of the President of the United
States in the removal of Foster Blodgett. I
propose to show what that act was.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I do not object, if
you will show what that act was, and not keep
back the paper which is the inculpation of Mr.
Blodgett.
Mr. EVARTS. I am not inculpating Mr.
Blodgett. I am proving what the act of the
Executive Officer of the United States was that
you have sought to put in evidence by oral
testimony.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. You have putin
the fact that Mr. Blodgett was removed upon
a complaint in writing of misconduct, and you
keep back that, complaint in writing.
Mr. EVARTS. And you said that if the
act was in writing it must be proved by the
letters, and I agreed to it, and now produce
them.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. You do no't pro-
duce the complaint.
Mr. EVARTS. Well, we will not wrangle
about it. 1 offer the oflici-al act of the Depart-
ment in the removal of Mr. Blodgett.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. And I object that
it is not fair play unless you bring in the com-
plaint.
Mr. EVARTS. The learned .Manager treats
this as if it were a question of impeaching Mr.
Blodgett. I am giving in evidence the act of
the executive department which you brought
in testimony.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. We proved the
act ourselves. We proved that they removed
Blodgett. Now, then, there is no occasion to
prove that over again, if they are going to stop
there.
Mr. EVARTS. You made it inculpation,
and we want to prove what the act was.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Then produce the
whole thing on which it, was grounded.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the paper?
Mr. GRIMES. 1 call for the reading of the
paper.
Mr. EVARTS. If you want the indictment
produced it may certainly be produced ; but
the fact that it is not here is no legal objection
to these papers.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the paper pro-
duced?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The counsel for
the President will state what they propose to
prove in writing.
Mr. EVARTS. I offer in evidence the order
and letters handed to the Clerk, and desire
that thev may be read.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. It will be neces-
sary to state what the order and letters are ;
otherwise the court will be unable to judge of
their admissibility.
Mr. EVARTS. The testimony of Governor
Randall has described them as the official ac-
tion of the Department. I offer in evidence
the official action of the Post Office Depart-
ment in accomplishing the removal of Foster
Blodgett, which removal was put in evidence
by the Managers.
The CHIEF-JUSTICE. The counsel will
please reduce their offer to writing.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we have a light
to ask for the reading of the letters to kuow
what we are called upon to vote.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senate un-
doubtedly have a right to order the letters to
be read.
Mr. SHERMAN. We are called upon to
decide a question of evidence, and I should
like to know what is offered from the papers
themselves.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The usual mode
of proposing to prove is by stating the nature
of the proof proposed to be offered, and then,
upon an objection, the Senate decides whether
proof of that description can be introduced.
It is not usual to read the proof itself. Un-
doubtedly it is competent for the Senate to
order it to be read.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the counsel will state
the matter so that we can act upon it without
taking time in reading the papers, I have no
objection.
The offer to prove of the counsel for the
respondent was reduced to writing and sent to
the desk.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the offer to prove made by the counsel for
the President.
The Secretary read as follows:
Wo offer in evidence the official action of the Post
Office Department in the removal of Mr. Blodgett,
which removal was put in evidence by oral testi-
mony by the Managers.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Wewill not object
further. Wo think we can get in the indict-
ment somehow.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The objection is
withdrawn.
Mr. EVARTS. I ask the Clerk to road the
papers in their order.
The CHIEF J USTICE. The Clerk will read
the papers offered by the counsel.
The Chief Clerk read the papers, as follows:
A.
Post Office Dupaktmext,
J miliary 3, 1808.
It Appearing from an exemplified copy of the bill
of indictment now on iile in this Department, against
Foster Blodgett, postmaster at Augusta, Georgia,
that lie has. been indicted in the United States dis-
tiict cumt for the southern district of Georgia for
perjury: it is Ordered that said Foster Blodgett bo
suspended from the office of postmaster at Augusta,
Georgia, aforesaid; and that George W. Summers bo
designated as special a gen tofth is Department to take
chaige of the post office thereat and discharge all its
duties until further action shall be had by the Presi-
dent and Senate of tho United States.
ALEX. W. RANDALL,
Postmaster General.
Post Office Department,
Washington, D. (J., Avrilll, 1808.
This is to certify that the foregoing, marked A, is a
true copy of an original order on file in this Depart-
ment.
In witness whereof I have herounio set my hand
and caused the seal of the Post Office Dcpart-
r -I mont to be affixed, at the General Post Office
L in tho city of Washington, District of Colum-
bia, the day and year first above written.
ALEX. W. RANDALL,
Postmaster General,
B.
Tiik Post Office Department:
To idiom it may concern:
Know yc, that Foster Blodgett having been sus-
pended from thet office of postmaster at Augusta,
Georgia, under a bill oi indictment for perjury, Geoigo
W. Summers is hereby designated a special agent of
this Department to tike charge of the post office and
public property thereat, and to discharge all the
duties of the aforesaid office.
Witness my hand and the seal of said Department
rT „ *i at Washington this 3d dav of January, A. D.
LL. s.j lm ALEX. W. RANDALL,
Postmaster General.
Post Office Department.
Washington, D. C., April IT, 1868.
This is to certify that tho foregoing, marked 15. is
a true copy of ail original commission on record in
this Department.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand
and caused the seal of the Post Office De-
partment to be affixed at the General Post
Ll. s.] Office in the city of Washington, District of
Columbia, tho day and year first above wnt-
ten. ALEX. W. RANDALL,
Postmaster General.
