3318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GL03
June
amendment, to strike out in lines seven, eight,
and nine the words "paid the same amount
of pension allowed in similar cases, subject to
the provisions and limitations of the general
pension laws," and to insert "allowed and
paid a pension at the rate of twenty-five dollars
per month."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move, in the sec-
ond'line of the second section, to strike out the
words "and his father, John J. Gorham, ap-
pointed guardianand also to strike out the
word "said" and insert " his," in the fourth
line. The bill provides that the pension shall
be absolutely paid to his father. His father
may die and another guardian bo appointed.
The amendment is that the pension shall be
paid to his guardian, whoever it may be.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read the third time;
the bill was read the third time, and
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVAL OF BILLS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. W. G. Moore, his Secretary,
announced that the President had on the 10th
instant approved-and signed the following bills:
An act (S. No. 322) granting a pension to
Sherman H. Cowles;
An act (S. No. 323) granting a pension to
Michael Kelley;
An act (S. No. 344) granting a pension to
Caroline and Margaret Swartwout;
An act (S. No. 420) granting a pension to
James A. Guthrie;
An act (S. No. 421) granting a pension to
Caroline E. Thomas; and
An act (S. No. 424) granting a pension to
Bartlett and Carrie Edwards, children of David
W. Edwards, deceased.
W. W. CUNNINGHAM.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 522.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 522) granting a pension to W. W. Cun-
ningham was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. ' It is a direction to the Secretary
of the Interior to place the name of W. W.
Cunningham, late a sergeant of company C,
thirteenth New York cavalry, on the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, to commence from the
25th day of October, 1865.
The Committee on Pensions proposed to
amend the bill by inserting after th'e word
"roll," in line six, "and to allow and payhira
a pension at the rate of fifteen dollars per
month."
l'he amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The amendment was ordered to be en-
frQssed, and the bill to be read the third time,
'he bill was read the third time, and passed.
jambs s. todd.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 523.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 023) granting a pension to James S.
Todd was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides for placing on the pen-
sion-roll, subject to the provisions and limit-
ations of the pension laws, the name of James
S. Todd, of North Carolina, father of twosons
who died in the first regiment North Carolina
volunteers.
The Committee on Pensions proposed to
amend the bill by adding to it "and to allow
and pay him a pension at the rate of eight dol-
lars per month, to commence from the pas-
sage of this act, and to continue during his
natural life."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
' amended, and the amendment concurred in.
The amendment was,ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read the third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
AUSTIN M PARTRIDGE.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. _ I move "that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 524.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill
(H. R. No. 524) granting a pension to Austin
M; Partridge was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It provides for placing on the
pension-roll, subject to the provisions and
limitations of the pension laws, the name of
Austin M. Partridge, late a wagoner in com-
pany F, twenty-sixth regiment of iowa infantry,
commencing March 26, 1864.
The Committee on Pensions reported an
amendment, to insert in line seven, after the
word "infantry," the words "and allow and
pay him a pension at the rate of eight dollars
per month.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The committee with-
draw the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Thc amend-
raent will be considered as withdrawn if there
be no objection.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and, passed.
MAHALA M. STKAIOIIT.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 373.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill
(H. It. No. 373) to place the name of Mahala
M. Straight upon the pension-roll of the United
States was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
The Committee on Pensions proposed to
amend the bill by striking out the letter " A,"
in the fourth line, and inserting "M;" and also
by inserting after the word "deceased," in the
fifth line, the words "late a private in com-
pany E, one hundred and twenty-ninth regi-
ment Illinois volunteers."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after
the words "United States," iu Hne Seven,the
words "and to pay her a pension at the rate
of eight dollars per month, to commence on
the 5th day of September, iu the year 1862, and
to continue daring her widowhood."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read the third time.
The bill was read the third time and passed ;
and its title was amended so as to read, "a
bill to place the name of Mahala M. Straight
upon the pension-roll of the United States."
nancy weeks.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 463.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. No. 453) increasing the pension of Nancy
Weeks, widow of Francis Weeks, a soldier of
the war of 1812, was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. The Secretary of the
Interior is directed by the bill to increase the
pension of Mrs. Nancy Weeks, widow of Fran-
cis Weeks, late of the State of Georgia, ancT a
soldier of the war of 1812, to tea' dollars per
month, from and'after the passage of this act,
and to continue during her natural life.
The Committee on Pensions reported the
bill with an amendment in line six, to strike
out the words "a soldier of the war of 1812"
and to insert "an ensign in the revolutionary
war;" and iu line nine to strike out the words
" natural life" and insert the word "widow-
hood."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed; and
its title was amended so as to read, A bill
increasing the pension of Nancy Weeks, widow
of Francis Weeks, an ensign in the revolution-
ary war."
JOHN KELLEY.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 454. , . a .
The motion was agreed to; and tlie benate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. B. No. 4o4) granting a
pension to John Kelley. It proposes to direct
the Secretary of the Interior to place on the
pension-roll tlie name ot John Kelley, late a
private in company H, sixty-seventh regiment,
Pennsylvania volunteers, to date from the loth
of January, 1865, subject to the provisions and
limitations of the pension laws.
The Committee on Pensions reported the
bill with an amendment, to insert after the
word u volunteers n the wouds 4 and to a
and pay him a pension at the rate of eight dol-
lars per month."
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The committee with- .
draw that amendment.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
PLEASANT STOOPS.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 456. ■ , , o- .
The motion was agreed to; and the benate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 456). granting a
pension to the minor children of Pleasant
Stoops. The bill instructs the Secretary of
the Interior to place Upon the pension-roll
the names of the minor children of Pleasant
Stoops, late a member of company F, eight-
eenth regiment of United States infantry, to
date from the, day of liis death, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws.
The Committee on Pensions reported the
bill with amendments. The amendments were,
in line five to insert the names of " David
Henry Stoops, Pleasant Stoops, and Sturges
Stoops;" in line six to strike out the word
"minor" before "children," and aftertbe word
" children" to insert "under sixteen years of •
age ;" and in line eight, after the word, "infan-
try," to insert "and to pay to them or tlieir
legally-authorized guardian or guardians a pen-
sion of eight dollars per month;" so that the
bill will read:
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and ho is
hereby, authorized and- instructed to place upon
the pension-roll the names of David Henry Stoops.
Pleasant Stoops, and Sturges Stoops, the children,
under sixtoen years of age. of Pleasant Stoops, late
a member of-company 1!\ eighteenth regiment of
United States infantry, and to pay to tlieiA or their
legally-authorized guardian or guardians a pension
of eight dollars per month, to date from tho day of
his death, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws.
The amendments were agreed to.
The - biH was reported to the Senate as
amended, andtheamendments were concurred
in. The • amendments were ordered to be
engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed ;
and its title was amended so as to read, "A
bill granting a pension to the children of Pleas-
ant Stoops."
. ' BENJAMIN B. NAYLOR.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 516.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 516) for the relief
of the widow and minor children of Benjamin
B. Nay lor, late a pilot on the gunboat Pa-
tapsco. By the bill the Secretary of the Inte-
rior is directed to plac.e the names of the widow
and minor children under sixteen years of.age
of Benjamin B. Naylor, late a pilot on the gun-
boat Patapseo, on the pension-roll, at the rate
allowed by law to pilots in the Navy, to com-
mence on the 15th day of January, 1865, the
