1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
same to be subject to the provisions and limit-
ations of the pension laws, and paid out of the
naval pension fund.
The Committee on Pensions reported the
bill with amendments, in line four to strike out
the word " minor" before " children," and in
line seven to strike out the words " allowed by-
law to pilots in the Navy," and to insert the
words " of fifteen dollars per month."
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The committee with-
draw those amendments.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
SOLOMON ZACIIMAN.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 521.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 521) to place the
name of Solomon Zachman on the pension-
roll.
The Committee on Pensions reported the
bill with amendments. The amendments were
in line six after the word " roll " to insert the
•words "and to pay him;" in line seven to
strikeout the words " commencing on" and
to insert the word "from;" in lines eight and
nine to strike out the words "subject to the
limitations and requirements of the pension
laws," and to insert " to the 6th day of June,
1866, and thereafter at the rate of fifteeu dol-
lars per month during his natural life;" so that
the bill will read:
That the Secretary of the Interior be authorized
and directed to place the name of Solomon Zach-
man, of Marion county, Ohio, formerly a member of
company D, eighty-second Ohio volunteers, on the
pension-roil, and to pay him at the rate of eight
dollars per month, from the 30th day of May, 1864,
to the 6th day of June, 1866, and thereafter at the
rate of fifteen dollars per month during his natural
life.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill
was read the third time, and passed; and its
title was amended so as to read, "A bill grant-
ing a pension to Solomon Zachman."
JEREMIAH T. HALLETT.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 525.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 525) granting a
pension to Jeremiah T. Hallett. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to place on the pen-
sion-roll, subject to the provisions and limita-
tions of the pension laws, the name of Jere-
miah T. Hallett, late a member of company
I, first United States infantry, commencing
March 10, 1864.
The Committee on Pensions reported the
bill with an ameudment, to insert after the
word "infantry," in line seven, the words
"and to allow and pay him a pension at the
rate of tweiity-fij'e dollars per month."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was eoneurrcd
in. The amendment was ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
fcAK.UI E. PICKELL.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. 1 move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 659.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. No. G5U) granting a pension to Sarah E.
Piekell was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It directs the Secretary of the Inferior
to place on the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Sarah E. Piekell, widow of John
Piekell, late of the thirteenth regiment New
York volunteers, at the rate of seventeen dol-
lars per month, commencing April 6, 1866.
The Committee on Pensions reported an
amendment to the bill, to insert after the word
"volunteers" the words "and to pay her a
pension."
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The committee with-
draw that amendment.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
WILLIAM CRAFT.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 661.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 661) granting a pension to the widow
and minor children of William Craft was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. The
bill, as passed by the House of Representatives,
directed the Secretary of the Interior to place
on the pension-roll the names of the widow
and minor children of the late William Craft,
late of company H, eighty-second Pennsylva-
nia regiment, subject to the provisions and
limitations of the pension laws, to commence
April 6, 1865.
The Committee on Pensions reported the bill
with amendments. The amendments were in
line five to strike out the word' "the" and to
insert " Susan F. Craft;" and also to strike out
the words "and minor children" and to insert
"and the child under sixteen years of age;"
in line six to strike out the words "the late;"
in line seven to strike out the letter "H" and
to insert "D;" and in line eight, after the
word "regiment," to insert "ana to pay her
apension at the rate of ten dollars per month;"
so that the bill will read:
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and ho is
hereby, authorized and directed to place on the pen-
sion-roll the names of Susan F. Craft., widow, and
the child under sixteen years of age of William
Craft, lato of company D, eighty-second Pennsyl-
vania regiment, and to payher a pension at the rate
of ten dollars per month, subjoct to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, to commence
April 6, I860.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The amendments were ordered to be
engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed ;
and its title' was amended, so as to read, " A
bill granting a pension to the widow and child
of William Craft."
GEORGE It. WATERS.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 662.
The motioir was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 662) granting a
pension to the widow and minor children of
George R. Waters. The bill-, as it passed the
House of Representatives, directed the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place 011 the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the names of the widow
and minor children of George R. Waters, late
a member of the fiftieth regiment New York
engineers, commeneing November 1T, 1864.
The Committee on Pensions reported the bill
with amendments. The amendments were in
line six to insert the nameof "Mary Waters,"
and also to insert the words " the three," and
to strike out the word "minor " before "chil-
dren," and after the word "children" to
insert the words " under sixteen years of age:"
in line eight to strike out the word " fiftieth "
and insert "fifteenth," and also to strike out
the word "engineers" and to insert the words
"volunteers, and to pay her a pension at the
rate of fourteen dollars per month so tha,t
the bill will read :
Xliat the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to place on the pen-
sion-roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the names of Mary Waters, the
widow, and the three children under sixteen years of
ago, of UeorgeR. Waters, latoanremberofthetifteenth
regiment Kew York volunteers, and to pay her a
pension at the rate of fourteen dollars per month,
commencing- l\o vember 17,1864.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported * to the Senate m
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be road a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed ;
and its title was amended so as to read, " A
bill granting a pension to the widow and chil-
dren of George R. Waters."
CYRUS D. WOOD.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 663.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. 11. No. 660) granting a
pension to Cyrus K. Wood, the legal repre-
sentative of Cyrus H. Wood. The bill, as it
passed the House of Representatives, proposed
to direct the Sccrctary of the Interior to pay to
Cyrus K. Wood, of Aiiburn, Maine, father and
legal representative of Cyrus D. Wood, late of
company H, tenth regiment of Maine volun-
teer infantry, eight dollars per month from the
8th of May. 1863,'to the fitb of June, 1866, and
twenty-five dollars per-month from the 6th of
June, 1866, to the 8th of April, 1867.
The Committee on Pensions reported the
j bill with amendments. The amendments were,
in line four to strike out the words " pay to
Cyrus K. Wood, of Auburn, Mnine, father and
legal representative of," and to insert the
words "place on the pension-roll the name
of;" and in line seven, after the word "in-
fantry," to insert the words "and to pay to
him a pension at the rate of;" so that the bit!
will read:
That tho Secretary of the Interior be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to place 011 the pen-
sion-roll tho name of Cyrus 1). Wood, late of com-
pany H, tenth regiment of Maine volunteer infantry,
and to pay. to him a pension at the rate of eight dol-
lars per month from the 8th day of May, 1S63, to tho
6th day of Juno, 1866: and twenty-five dollars per
month from said 6 th day of June, 186t>, to the 8th day
of April, 1667.
The amendments were agreed to.
Tho bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendments be
engrossed, and the bill be read a third time.
The bill was.read the third time, and passed;
and its title was amended so as to read, "A
bill granting a pension to Cyrus D. Wood."
CHARLES UOULEK.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Seti-
-ate proceed to the consideration of House bilj.
No. 664.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H..
R. No. 604) granting a pension to the minor
children of Charles Gouler was considered as
in Committee of the Whole. The Secretary of
the Interior is directed by the bill to place 011
the pension-roll, subject to the provisions and
limitations of the pension laws, the names-of
the minor* children of Charles Gouler, late a
private in company P. ninth New Hampshire
volunteers, commencing April 18, 1866. The
bill also repeals an act approved April 18,
1866, entitled "An act granting a pension to
Mrs. Emeranee Gouler," and an act approved
July 13, 1866, entitled "An act amendatory of
an act entitled 'An act granting a pension to
Mrs. Emeranee Gouler.' "
The Committee on Pensions reported the
bill with amendments. The amendments were
in section one, line six, to strike out the words
"the minor" before "children" and to insert
"Willie, Ellen, and Tel lis Gouler," and after
the word "children" to insert "under six-
teen years of age;" in line eight, after the
word "volunteers," to insert " and to pay them
a pension at the rate of eight dollars _ per
month;" and in line ten to insert "to continue
until they severally attain the age of sixteen
years;" so that the first section will read:
! That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is
i hereby, authorized and directed to place on the pen-
[ sion-roll, subject to tho provisions and limitations
i of the pension laws, tho names of Willie, iiilen, ana
[ Tellis Gouler, children under sixteen years of a^e of
! Charles Gouler, late a private in company i, ninth
I Now llamnshiro volunteers, and to pay them a pen-
1 sion at the'rate of eight dollars per month, commene-
