238
SUPPLEMENT TO
not suspend this officer, without investigation
or trial, upon the simple fact of an indictment
being found against him for having taken the
teat-oath to qualify him for that office, against
whom no other complaint stood in your office?
Ansioer. I do not remember any other com-
plaint now, as I have stated before.
Question. And therefore if you answer upon
what you know, you will have to answer yes;
you did suspend him?
Answer. Yes, I did suspend liim ; and if he
had been convicted I should have asked to
have him removed.
Question. This case has been pending since
the 3d of January?
Ansioer. Yes, sir.
Question. Has it ever been communicated
by the President to the Senate?
Answer. Not that 1 know of.
Question. Did he direct you so to do ?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Did you suspend him under the
civil-tenure act?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. You took no notice of that?
Answer. Yes, sir; I took notice of it. That
was the difficulty in the case, if you will allow
me.
Question. You took no notice of it to act
under it?
Answer. I could not act under it.
Question. How many hundreds of men have
you appointed who could not take the test-
oath?
Answer. I do not know of any—none that I
know of.
Question. Do you not know that there are
men appointed to office who have not taken
the test-oath?
The Witxhss. As postmasters?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Yes, sir.
The Witnksss. No, sir; I do not know of
one—never one with my consent.
Mr. ,1OHNSON. What is your last answer?
The Witness. I say there never has been
such an appointment with my consent.
By Mr. Manager Butler:
Question, Did you learn who were the prose-
cutors under this indictment?
Answer. No, sir; 1 did not.
Queslitm. Did you inquire?
Answer. 1 did not.
Question. Whether they were rebels or Union
men?
Answer. I did not.
Question. Did you not ask whether it was a
prosecution by rebels down there against Mr.
Blodgett?
Answer. No, sir ; that was not my business.
I simply inquired as to the fact of his being
indicted for perjury in taking the oath of office.
Mr. Manager BUTLEU. Will you have the
kindness to furnish me with a copy of that
indictment, duly certified?
The Witness. 1 will do so, certainly.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. And of any other
complaint you can find against Foster Blodgett
before his trial commenced V
The Witness. I will do so.
Mr. CUKTIS. We should prefer to have it
furnished to the court, and it can be directed
to be put into the-case. I suppose that will
answer (lie purpose.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I do not know
that until 1 see it. If you had wanted it very
much you could have had it.
Mr. CURTIS. It was a mere inadvertence.
The Witness. I presume they did not think
of it, for 1 did not.
Mr. CURTIS. It was a mere inadvertence
that it was not produced.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Perhaps.
Mr. CURTIS. I wish it now produced.
[To the witness.] Will you furnish to the
Secretary of the Senate a copy of that indict-
ment?
The Witness. Yes, sir.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Furnishing it to
the Secretary without my seeiug it will not put
it into the case. If you desire it to be fur-
nished to him, very well; but I object to any-
thing being put on the files without my seeing
it; and I shall want the witness after that.
Mr. EVARTS. If it is objected to as evi-
dence, perhaps it is not worth while to pro-
duce it. The ouly object of having it here is
as evidence.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I cannot tell
whether I shall object to it or not until I see it.
Mr. EVARTS. That will be a private mat-
ter, then, between you and Governor Randall.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. We shall want the
Postmaster General with it. I shall want to
ask him some more questions after I get it.
Mr. EVARTS. Yon can do so.
The Witness. There is another similar
case in which I suspended a man last week.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Never mind about
the other case. I do not care about what you
have done since.
The Witness. I thought you might want
that.
Reexamined by Mr. Evarts:
Question. I understand your judgment as
Postmaster General was that this suspension
should be made.
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. It occurred not during a recess of
the Senate ?
Answer. No, sir; it was during the session
of the Senate.
Question. So that it was not under the civil-
tenure act?
Answer. Not as I understand it.
Mr. EVARTS. It would not be a suspen-
sion under the civil-tenure act.
Mr. Manager WILLIAMS. It was during
the recess.
Mr. EVARTS. It was not in the recess,
and the civil-tenure act does not apply to the
case. [Tothe witness.] Now, sir, this oath, for
perjury in taking which he was indicted, as you
were informed by the indictment, was in tak-
ing the oath to this office that ho held?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I object to what
was done as to the indictment until that can be
produced. *
Mr. EVARTS. I said as you stated. You
asked him the question whether the indict-
ment was not for taking a false oath. 1 ask
him if that false oath was not in qualifying for
this office which he held ?
The Witness. Yes, sir.
Question. And in which you suspended him ?
Answer. Yes, sir; that is what 1 understand.
Mr. EVARTS. That is all, sir.
Mr. Manager BUTLEll. That is all until
yon bring the indictment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to submit, if the
Senate think the question admissible, this ques-
tion to this witness, or any other member of
the Cabinet, that may be called. It may bo
contravened by the decision already made, and
I should like to have the question decided by
the Senate.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the question proposed by the Senator
from Ohio.
The Secretary read as follows :
State if, .'iff cr the 2d of March, 1S67, tho date of
the pas^iKo of tho tonuro-of-otfioo act, the question
whether tho yeeretaries appointed by l'rcsident Lin-
coln were included within the provisons of that act,
came before tho Cabinet for discussion; and if so,
what opinion was given on this question by mem-
bers of the Cabinet to tho President.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. We desire to
object to that on the ground of its incompe-
tency, and that we deem it directly witliiu the
ruling of the Senate twice or three times made
this day.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. The very same
question was voted upon.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. The very same
question.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
question taken by the Senate upon that by yeas
and nays.
Mr. HOWARD. I raise a question of order
upon that question of the Senator, that it has
been once decided by the Senate.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
has no doubt that the question may be prop-
erly put to the witness. Whether it shall be
answered is a question for the Senate to judge.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I should like,
before that question is put, to have the ques-
tion which was decided by the Senate to-day,
the third question I think it is, read from the
minutes. It was an offer covering exactly the
same ground.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The offer will be
read.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senate will allow
me, I can tell in a word the difference between
the two.
Mr. CONNESS and others. I object.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us hear that offer
read.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the offer to prove, the reading of which
is requested by Mr. Manager Butler.
The Secretary read as follows:
We offer to prove that at the meetings of tho Cab-
inet at which Stanton was present, held while the
tenure-of-civil-ofiice bill was before the President
for approval, the advice of tho Cabinet in regard to
the same was asked by the President, and given by
the Cabinet, and thereupon the question whether
Mr. Stanton and the other Secretaries who had re-
ceived their appointments from Mr. Lincoln were
within tho restrictions upon tho President's power
of removal from ofhco creatcd by said act, was con-
sidered and the opinion expressed that the Secre-
taries appointed by Mr. Lincoln were not within
such restrictions.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask that the question
propounded by the Senator from Ohio shall
now he read.
The Secretary read the question, as follows:
State if, after the 2d of March, 1SG7, the date of the
passage of the tenure-of-otiico act, the question
whether tho Secretaries appointed by President Lin-
coln were included within tho provisions of thatact,
came before the Cabinet for discussion: and if so, what
opinion was given on this question by members of
the Cabinet to the President?
Mr. FERRY. I call for tho yeas and nays
on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 2G j as follows :
YEAS Messrs. Anthony, JBayard, Buckalew,
Davis, Dixon, Doohttlc, Fessenden, Fowler, Giinies,
llendncks, Johnson, McCreery, Patterson of Ten-
nessee, lloss, Saulsbury, Sherman, Trumbull, Van
Winkle, Vickers, and Willey—20,
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Chandler, Cole,
Conkling, Conness, Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds, Ferry,
Frehnghuysen, llarlan, Howard, Howe, Morgan,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Patterson of
New Hampshire, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Stewart, Thayer,
Tipton, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—26.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Drake, Henderson, Mor-
ton, Norton, Nye, Spraguo, Sumner, and Wade—8.
So the question was not admitted.
Mr. EVARTS. Mr. Chief Justice and Sen-
ators, the counsel for the President are now
able to state that the evidence on his part is
now closed, as they understand their duty in
the matter. The conduct of the proofs, how-
ever, lias been mainly intrusted to Mr. Stan-
bery, both on the part of the counsel and for
some particular reasons in reference to bin
previous knowledge concerning the conduct of
the controversy and the matters to be given in
evidence which belonged to his official famil-
iarity with them. Mr. Stanbery?s health, we
are sorry to say, is still such as to have pre-
cluded anything like a serious conference with
them since he was taken ill. We submit it,
therefore, to the Senate that, upon such con-
sideration, it is possible some other proof may
need to be offered. "We do not at present ex-
pect that it will be so.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Chief Justice, I ask
the Managers if they liave any proof to offer
to-day?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Not till the other
side get through.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move, then, that the
court adjourn until eleven o'clock on Monday.
Mr. EVARTS. Mr. Chief Justice, we have
made this announcement. We suppose our-
selves to be through. I have only stated that
in the absence of Mr. Stanbery, it may be pos-
sible that some further evidence may need to
be offered, which we do not at all expect.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. When you are
entirely through we will commence.
