3320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO
June 20,
ing Aprii 18, 1866, to continue ontil they severally
attain tho age of sixteen years.
The amendments were agreed, to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in. The amendments were ordered to
be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third
time. The bill was read the third time, and
passed. The title of the bill was amended so
as to read, "A bill granting a pension to the
children of Charles Gonler."
SUSAN V. BERG.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 665.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 665) granting a
pension to Susan V. Berg. It directs the Sec-
retary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of Snsan Y.
Berg, widow of Charles Berg, who was killed
in the employ of the quartermasters' depart-
ment, in Kansas, on or about the 12th day of
November, 1864, at the rate of eight dollars
par month.
The Committee on Pensions reported the
bill with an amendment, to insert in line nine
the words "and to pay her a pension."
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The committee with-
draw that amendment.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
IIENRY H. IIUNTEK.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 6136.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 666) granting a
pension to Henry H. Hunter. It proposes to
direct the Secretary of the Interior to place on
the pension-roll, subject to the provisions and
limitations of the pension laws, the name of
Henry H. Hunter, a resident of Knox county,
Kentucky, who was wounded while serving
with the first regiment of Kentucky volunteer
cavalry, commencing October 7, 1861.
The Committee on Pensions reported the
bill with an amendment, in line seven to strike
out the word "and," and in line eight, after
the word "cavalry," to insert the words "and
to pay him a pension at the rate of fifteen dol-
lars per month."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
ELIZABETH BUTLER. •
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 668.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 668) granting a
pension to Elizabeth Butler, widow- of Cyrus
Butler.- It directs the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place on the pension-roll, subject to
the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Elizabeth Butler, widow of
Cyrus Butler, late a special agent in the pro-
vost marshal's office in the nineteenth Penn-
sylvania district, jind pay her as the widow of
a private, commencing October 31, 1864.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
MYRON WILKLOW.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 669.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 66>J) granting a
pe nsion to the widow and minor children of
Myron Wilklow. The Secretary of the Inte-
rior is directed by the bill to place on the pen-
sion-roll, subject to the provisions and limit-
ations of the pension laws, the names of the
widow and minor children of Myron Wilklow,
late a member of company B, forty-seventh
Ohio volunteers, commencing June 2, I860.
The Committee on Pensions reported the
bill with amendments. The amendments were,
in line six to insert the name "Sarah A. Wilk-
low," and also to strike out the word "minor"
and insert "Almira, Emma, and Mary Wilk-
low;" in line seven, after the word "child-
ren," to insert "under sixteen years of age ;"
and in line nine, after the word " volunteers,"
to insert the words "and to pay her a pension
of fourteen dollars per month;" so that the
bill will read:
That the Secretary of tho Interior be, and ho is
hereby, authorized and directed to place on the pen-
sion-roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the names of Sarah A. Wilklow,
tho widow, and Almira, Emma, and Mary Wilklow,
childron under sixtoen years of age. of Myron Wilk-
low, late a member of company B, forty-sevonth
Ohio volunteers, and to pay her a pension of four-
teen dollars permonth, commencing June 2,1865.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
It was read the third time, and passed ; and its
title was amended so as to read, "A bill
granting a pension to the widow and children
of Myron Wilklow."
ANDREW HOLMAN.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 670.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 670) granting a
pension to the widow and children of Andrew
Holman. It proposes to direct the Secretary
of the Interior to place on the pension-roll,
subject to the provisions and limitations of
the pension laws, the names of the widow and
minor children of Andrew Holman, late a
private in company G, twenty-ninth regiment
of Ohio volunteer infantry, commencing March
26, 1865.
The Committee on Pensions reported the
bill with amendments. The amendments were,
inline six to insert the name " Kezia Hol-
man," and also to strike out the word "minor"
and insert the words " the three ;" in Rne seven,
after the word "children," to insert the words
" undersixteen years of age;" and in litienine,
after the word "infantry," to insert the words
"and to pay her a pension at the rate of four-
teen dollars per month ; so that the bill will
read:
That the Secretary of the Interior bo, and hois
hereby, authorized and directed to place on the pen-
sion-roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the names of Kezia Holman, tho
widow, and the threo children under sixteen years
of ago. of Andrew Holman, lato a private in company
G-, twenty-ninth regimentof Ohio volunteer in fan fry,
and to pay her a pension at the rate of fourteen dol-
lars per month, commencing March 26,1865.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
It was read the third time, and passed.
HENRY KANEDAY.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 671.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
c'onsider the bill (H. R. No. 671) granting a
pension to the widow of Henry ICaneday. The
bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place on the pension-roll, subject to the pro-
visions and limitations of the pension laws, the
names of the widow and minor children of
Henry Kaneday, late a private in company I,
fifteenth regiment Iowa infantry, commencing
May 5, 1862.
The Committer on Pensions reported the
bill with amendments. The amendments were
in line six to insert the name of "Elizabeth
Kaneday," and also to strike out the words
"and minor children," and in line eight,
after the word "infantry," to insert, the words
"and to pay her a pension at the rate of
eight dollars per month;" so that the bill will
read:
That the Secretary of tho Interior be. and be is
hereby, authorized and directed to place on the pen-
sion-roll, subject to the provisions and hmitatoons
oi the pension laws, the name of Elizabeth Kane-
day, the widow of Henry Kaneday, late a private
in company I, fifteenth regiment Iowa infantry, and
to pay her a pension at the rate of eight dollars per
month, commencing May 5,1862.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time*.
It was read the third time, and passed.
CHARLES W. WILCOX.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 672.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as iH Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. Ii. No. 672) granting a
pension to the widow and minor children of
Charles W. Wilcox. The bill, as passed by
the House of Representatives, directed^ the
Secretary of the Interior to place on the pen-
sion-roll, subject to the provisions and limita-
tions of the pension laws, the names of the
widow and minor children of Charles W. Wil-
cox, late of company B, ninety-seventh Illinois
volunteers, commencing March 16, 1863.
The Committee on Pensions reported the
bill with amendments, to insert in line six tho
name of " Martha J. Wilcox," and also to
strike out the word " minor," and to insert
"James W., Clarinda I., Ira E., and Charles
E. Wilcoxin line seven, after the word
"children," to insert"under sixteen years of
age;" and in line nine, after the word " vol-
unteers," to insert "and to pay her a pension
at the rate of sixteen dollars per monthso
that the bill will read ;
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to place on the
pension-roll, subject to the provisions and limita-
tions of the pension laws, the names of Martha J.
Wilcox, the widow, and James W., Clarinda I., Ira
E., and Charles E. "Wilcox, children under sixteen
years of age, of Charles W. Wileox, late of company -
B, ninety-seventh Illinois volunteers, and to pay to
her a pension at the rate of sixteen dollars per
month, commencing March 16,1863.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in, and ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to
be read a third time. It was read the third
time and passed, and its title was amended so
as to read, "A bill granting a pension to the
widow and children of Charles W. Wilcox."
THOMAS CONNOLLY.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 676.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 676) granting a
pension to Thomas Connolly. The Secretary
of the Interior is directed by the bill to place
on the pension-roll, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, the name
of Thomas Connolly, late a member of com-
pany A, sixty-ninth New York volunteers.
The Committee on Pensions reported the bill
with an amendment to insert at the end of the
bill the following
And to pay him a pension at tho rate of fifteen
dollars per month, commencing on the 30th day of
June, 1865.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in, and ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to
be read a third time, it was read the third
time, and passed.
