2296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
that assumption; and I believe, looking at tliS
history of the Government from the period of
its organization to the present hour, that it is
owinj . to the equality of the States in this
Chamber that the Union has been preserved.
I do not think that it could have been pre-
served if the Government had been exclusively
in the hands of a mere numerical majority.
Periods have occurred in our history which, I
think, if properly studied, will demonstrate
the truth of what I state. Believing that such
has been the result in the past, 1 believe it will
continue to be the result in the future. A
popular Government like ours, extending over
a territory as extensive as ours, cannot be
maintained by a mere numerical vote. Prac-
tically, it would become the government of the
masses, the government in one sense of the
mob, without the restraint which onr being
divided into communities, small and large, in
this Chamber is sure to impose. We, by our
conduct—I mean the Senate, not the individual
members who now compose this'body, or who
at any time in the past have composed it, or in
the future will compose it—because of the
smallness of our number, and because of the
interest we feel in the preservation of our State
governments, operate to cheek what might be
hazardous and mischievous legislation. I am,
therefore, unwilling that, as far as the Senate
is concerned, it should in any instance, if it can
be avoided, sanction a principle which recog-
nizes the inequality of the States in this Cham-
ber. 1 am aware that that inequality exists-in
the case of the distribution of tickcts; but it
passed sub silcntio. The attention of the Sen-
ate was not called to the fact. It certainly
escaped mine. But now the honorable mem-
ber from Pennsylvania proposes a measure
which can only be maintained upon the ground
that there is an inequality, and that that in-
equality should be recognized as existing.
Against that I protest as at war with the very
principle upon which the Government was
founded, and dangerous to the continuing and
wholesome preservation of the Union.
Mr. CONNESS. I cannot have anything to
say on this subject from the constitutional point
of view; but I will take this opportunity to
say that I wish some of our good legislators
would report a provision to govern the distri-
bution of documents, making it the duty of
Senators and Representatives to distribute
them among the libraries in their States, and,
if necessary, for the reporting of those libra-
ries here, and the appointment of a secretary
or clerk to make the distribution. Then it
could not be claimed that they were given to
personal favorites, nor that they would not go
into the most general use. When I came here
first I caused a list of the libraries of my State
to be made, and it has gone on until I am dis-
tributing the documents that I receive to a list
of fifty-six libraries. At least twenty of those
have been induced to be formed since, because
they knew they would get documents in that
way. I know it has caused me some little per-
sonal difficulty because personal friends and
even newspapers have complained that I did
not furnish them with valuable documents such
as they received sometimes from other parties ;
but it occurred to me that the books were not
mine to give to anybody as a gift, but that they
were published for public use, and that the
best custodians of them were those conducting
and carrying on and maintaining libraries to
which the public had free access, if a provis-
ion of that kind could be made, and [ think it
could, I do not know any small reform that
would result in a greater percentage of good.
Before I sit down I will say that I am in l'avor
of printing this additional number of copies
asked for. No question is involved but the
one of whether we shall authorize the publica-
tion of five thousand or ten thousand copies.
I am in favor of ten thousand.
Mr. FESSENDliN. I should like to ask
my friend whether he has any good evidence
that other Senators are not as careful about
the libraries in their States as he is of those in
his State?
Mr. CONNESS. I have not. If it be a fact
that others have done as I have done, or if I
have copied from others, in either case it is,
in my opinion, the best distribution; but I
incline to think it is not a universal mode_.
Now, I ask the Senator whether he thinks it is?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have not any opin-
ion about others. I know I am very careful to
send documents to all the libraries that I know
anything about in my own State, and my col-
leagues do the same, and I have no doubt every
library in the State is supplied with public
documents.
Mr. YATES. I do not know, sir, that I
would have any objection to the principle pro-
posed by the Senator from Pennsylvania, be-
cause Illinois is already the fourth State in the
Union in population, and I think my share would
far exceed that of the Senator from Rhode
Island, or the Senator from Vermont, or the
Senator from Massachusetts. Moreover, I think
that in a very few years Illinois will be the sec-
ond State of the Union in population, and then
the distribution to which her Senators would
bo entitled upon this principle would be a very
large one indeed. But, sir, I do not think this
is the point or the place to discuss this great
constitutional question of State rights and State
equality. I think we can find other times and
other subjects upon which to discuss that great
question. I believe that the States are equal.
1 wish I could say that we had equality in the
standard of citizenship as we have constitu-
tional equality of the States in the Senate.
But, sir, I rose for the purpose of saying that
if wo go further than to ask for the publication
of enough of these books to furnish the libra-
ries I shall oppose it, becanee_ there will be a
scramble from all of our constituents for these
books which we shall be unable to supply.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I am in
favor of cultivating the spiritof economy here.
I believe groat abuses have prevailed on the
subjectof printingand distributingdocuments;
but, sir, the record of this trial is unlike any-
thing else we have had in the historyof this
country. There is a deep and abiding interest
on the subject felt by tiic people. Perhaps
there has been no document printed, and there
will be none printed for years, that will excite
so much interest as the history of this trial, no
document which the people will be so glad to
get as a correct record or history of this trial.
1 have already had applications for it; and I
presume every Senator here has had. I think
the people will not expect a rigid reform in
the way of printing to commence on this sub-
ject and at this time. They will expect that
we shall be enabled to inform some of them at
least correctly in regard to the history of this
trial. The Congressional Globe is seen by but
few persons. There are but few newspapers
that print the full history of the trial. It may
be done in New York, Cincinnati, St. Louis,
Chicago, and Boston ; but as a general thing
the newspapers give but a meager account of
the trial; no full account that would be satis-
factory.
Now, sir, on the subject of the distribution
of this document, it is said by some that the
distribution should be made to the States
equally. Why? Because the States are en-
titled to equal representation in this body.
I insist that an equal distribution of these doc-
uments would not be just. Take the State
of Delaware, with her small population ; would
it be fair to give to the people of Delaware the
same number of documents that you would
give to the people of New York, Pennsylvania,
Illinois, or Indiana ? Is there any justice in that?
It does not affect the question of State equal-
ity at all. It is only the question of the equal-
ity of population, not the question of the equal
rights of the States. We do recognize that the
population of the States is unequal. We recog-
nize it in a hundred ways. Our legislation pro-
vides foritinahundred ways, recognizes thefact
that New York lias many times the population
of Rhode Island and of Delaware: We are
bound to recognize it in a thousand ways. Wg.
do not affect the principle of the equal repre-
sentation of the States in this body by saying
that documents printed at the public expense
shall be distributed according to population.
The doctrine of the equal representation of
the States in the Senate is not to be affected
or to be overthrown by the fact that you dis-
tribute documents according to population.
These documents do not go to the States, but
they go to the people; and therefore it is right
to send them to the States according to the
number of their people. There should be
nothing done to make the doctrine of equal
representation of the States in this body more
unpopular than it is now. .There is in this
country a strong feeling, and it has developed
itself more within the last two years than,
perhaps, at any former period, against tbe
justice artd propriety of allowing Delaware,
with a population of one hundred or one
hundred and fifty thousand, to have the same
power in this body that the State of New York
has with licr four million population. I do
not sympathize with that feeling; but I say it
exists, and it is becoming stronger from year
to year. This distribution of documents or
the distribution of tickets according to the
number of Representatives in the other House
or according to population does not affect tbe
other question at all. It only recognizes the
inequality of population which we recognize
in a thousand forms and legislate for accord-
ingly. These documents are not for the States,
but they are for the people of the States, and
therefore they ought to be sent to the States
according to the number of their people.
Mr. YATES. The principle that is con-
tended for by the honorable Senator from Indi-
ana, if carried out, would amount to this: that
Indiana should have Senators in proportion to
her population; Illinois should have Senators
in proportion to her population;-and every
other State should have Senators in proportion
to her population. That is the principle for
which he contends. We cannot think of intro-
ducing this distinction between the States in
the Senate of the United States. In the House
the distinction is made. There each Repre-
sentative receives his documents in proportion
to population; but in the Senate we can only
act upon the spirit of equality. It would be
ungenerous in the highest degree for States of
a large population to encroach upon the rights
of the smaller States and destroy the constitu-
tional equality which was provided for by the
framers of the Government.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President., I had
no expectation of raising a grave constitutional
question or debate by proposing my amend-
ment to this resolution. I suppose that the
equal representation of the States in the Sen-
ate is a question of power. They have equal
power here. What is before us is a question
with reference to the exercise of power. Al-
though the Senators from the State of Dela-
ware and from the State of New York have
equal power over all qu^fetions pertaining to
legislation, they are bound to exercise their
powers in a reasonable and proper manner.
Now, sir, in the present case, when it comes
to the distribution of an extra number of pub-
lic documents, it will be but a reasonable ex
ercise of that unquestioned equality of State
power that they should be distributed accord-
ing to the demand and according to the num-
bers of the people in the respective sections of
the country. Gentlemen confound two things
which are quite distinct and independent of
each other.
Mr. Madison thought that our system of
government was a compound one, that it was
made up of two principles; that in some re-
spects it was federal and in some respects it
was national. With regard to the location of
power in the Senate of the United States it
may be considered from the former point of
view, as exclusively and entirely federal in
which State equality is maintained entire and
intact; but in the exercises of our power wt
act for a great nation, and we must act upon
principles ot equality and even-handed justice
to the people m all portions of the country
