THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator from
Maryland moves that the Senate, sitting as a
court of impeachment, adjourn until Monday
at eleven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to; and the Sen-
ate, sitting for the trial of the impeachment,
adjourned.
Monday, April 20, 1868.
The Chief Justice of the United States took the
chair.
The usual proclamation having been made
by the Sergeant-at-Arms,
The Managers of the impeachment on the
part of the House of Representatives and the
counsel for the respondent, except Mr. Stan-
bery, appeared and took the seats assigned to
them respectively.
The members of the House of Representa-
tives, as in Committee of the Whole, preceded
by Mr. B. B. Washbcbne, chairman of that
committee, and accompanied by the Speaker
and Clerk, appeared and were conducted to the
seats provided for them.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the Journal of Saturday's proceedings.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Jour-
nal of the Senate sitting 011 Saturday last for
the trial of the impeachment; but before con-
cluding was interrupted by
Mr. STEWART. I move that the further
reading of the Journal be dispensed with.
The CHIEF J USTICE. If there be no ob-
jection it will be so ordered. The Chair hears
no objection. It is so ordered. Gentlemen of
counsel for the President, do you propose to
put in any further evidence?
Mr. CURTIS. No, Mr. Chief Justice; we
consider that we have closed the evidence on
the part of the defense.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Do the honorable
Managers propose to put in any rebutting
evidence ?
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. As we are ad-
vised at present, Mr. President and Senators,
we may desire, in case one or two witnesses
subposnaed early in this trial should appear,
to call them. I will desire, however, to consult
my associates, two of whom are absent and who
are expected within a few minutes at the table,
in regard to any further statement about it.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. In _case the hon-
orable Managers desire to put in further evi-
dence after the argument it will be necessary
to obtain an order of the Senate; at least it
would be proper to obtain such order before
the argument proceeds.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. I wish to be
understood as suggestingto the presiding officer
of the Senate that I desire to consult my asso-
ciates further about it.
The CHIEF J USTICE. Certainly.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. So far as the
order is concerned, I took it for granted that
upon the suggestion made at the time the evi-
dence was closed on the part of the Managers
it would be competent for us without further
order, if these witnesses should appear, to in-
troduce them upon the stand, because the Sen-
ate will recollect, although I have not referred
myself to the J ournal of proceedings since, it
was stated by my associate Manager, Mr. But-
i,eii, in the hearing of the Senate, that we con-
sidered our case closed, reserving our right to
cail rebutting testimony or to offer some docu-
mentary testimony that might have escaped our
notice. Some such statement, I believe, was
entered upon the Journal.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am not sure that I heard
correctly the honorable Manager. I rise merely
for the purpose of inquiring whether the Man-
sigers desire to have the privilege of offering
evidence after the argument begins?
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. Not as at pres-
ent advised, although on that subject, as doubt-
less is known to honorable Senators, in pro-
ceedings of this sort, (though I am not prepared
to say that it has happened in this country ; I
am not sure but it did, however, in the case of
Justice Chase,) such orders have been made
after the final argument has been opened. I
am not advised, however, that the Managers
have any desire of that sort. I wish it to be
understood simply by the Senate that there are
one or two witnesses who were deemed im-
portant on the part of the Managers who were
early subpoenaed to attend this trial, and neither
of whom we have been able yet to see, although
we are advised that they have been in the cap-
ital for the last forty-eight hours, or twenty-
four hours at least.
Mr. YATES. I do not still understand—I
could not hear the Manager—whether he pro-
poses to introduce evidence after the examin-
ation is closed and after the argument begins.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. As at present
advised, we have no purpose of the sort. I
only made the remark I did in response to the
honorable gentleman from Maryland. I do
not know what may occur in the progress of
this trial, and I do not wish to be concluded by
any statement I have made here touching the
rights of the people under the usage and prac-
tice in proceedings of this kind.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not think there is
any such practice in the United States.
After a pause,
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I desire, Mr. Pres-
ident, to offer the Journal of Congress of
1774-75, of the First Congress, pages 121-22,
which is a report of the committee appointed
to draft u commission to the General, George
Washington, who had just been theretofor
appointed:
" Saturday, June 17,1775.
** j: •£:!.* -ft**
"The committee appointed to draft a commis-
sion to the General reported the same, which, being
read by paragraphs and debated, was agreed to as
follows:
"in congress.
" The delegates of tho United Colonies of New Hamp-
shire, Massachusetts Bay, Rhode Island, Connec-
ticut, New York, New Jersey. Pennsylvania, tho
counties of New Castle, Kent, and Sussex on Delaware,
Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, andSouthCar-
olina.
"To George "Washington, esq.:
44 We, reposing special trust and confidence in your
patriotism, valor, conduct, and fidelity, do, by these
presents, constitute and appoint you to be General
and Commander-in-Chief of the Army of the United
Colonies, and of all the forces now raised or to be
raised by them, and of all others who shall voluntarily
offer their service and join the said Army for the de-
fense of American liberty, and for repelling every
hostile invasion thereof. And you are hereby vested
with full power and authority to act as you shall
think for the good and welfare of tho service.
"And wo do hereby strictly charge and require all
officers and soldiers under your command to bo
obedient to your orders and diligent in the exercise
of their several duties.
" And we do also enjoin and require you to be care-
ful in executing tho good trust reposed in yon, by
causing strict discipline and order to bo observed in
the Army, and that the soldiers be duly exercised and
provided with all convenient necessaries.
" And youaro to regulate your conduct in every re-
spect by the rales and discipline of wars, (as here-
with given you,) and punctually to observe and follow
such orders and directions, from time to time, as you
shall receive from this or a future Congress of these
United Colonies or Committee of Congress.
"This commission to continue in force until re-
voked by this or a future Congress.
" By order of the Congress."
The point to which I offer this is that this is
the only form of commission ever prescribed
by law in this country to a military officer, and
in drafting commissions under the Constitu-
tion of the United States " the pleasure of the
President" was inserted instead of il the pleas-
ure of Congress."
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Is there any objec-
tion?
Mr. CURTIS and Mr. EVARTS. No ob-
jection.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I now offer, Mr.
President and Senators, a letter from the
Treasury Department in answer to what has
been put in as the practice of the Government
to appoint officers during the recess. [The
letter was handed to the counsel for the re-
spondent.] It is one of a series of letters
which were not brought to your attention in
the schedules which you allowed to come in.
Only so much of the practice, as I charge, as
would make on one side was put in.
[The letter was returned to the Manager.]
Mr. EVARTS. The letter we do not con-
sider as applicable to any point that we have
made either in argument or in evidence 5 nor
do we regard it as an act of the Treasury De-
partment, but simply as an expression of an
opinion of the then existing Secretary of the
Treasury. It is simply an immaterial piece
of evidence ; it is not worth while to occupy
time in discussing it.
Mr. Manager B UTLER. I only ask whether
you object?
Mr. EVARTS. I have stated all I have to
say.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. You do not.
Mr. EVARTS. No. I have stated what it
applied to.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Very well. I will
read the letter:
Treasury Department, August 23,1855.
Sir : Your letter of the 18th instant, recommending
William Irving Crandall for the appointment of
surveyor of the customs at Chattanooga, Tennessee,
is received. The oflico not having been filied before
the adjournment of the Senate, it must necessarily
remain vacant until its next session, when your rec-
ommendation of Mr. Crandall will receive respectful
consideration.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obc-
ent servant. JAMBS GUTHRIE,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. J. II. Smith, Charleston, South Carolina,
After a pause,
Mr. Manager BUTLER. If the President
will grant mo a moment. Mr. Randall did not
bring the papers which I called for to me until
since we have come into the Senate, and I
want to examine them to see what I will and
what I will not offer. [After an examination
of the papers.] Mr. Randall, you will take
the stand.
Alexander W. Randall examined.
By Mr. Manager Butler:
Question. Had you any copy of the indict-
ment against Foster Blodgett on file in your
office?
Answer. What purported to be.
Question. When was it made?
Answer. That I cannot tell you ; I suppose
about the time the original copy was filed there.
Question. Have you produced it here?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. What did you do with it?
Answer. It is in the office.
Question. Have you produced copies here ?
Answer. Yes, sir; there is a copy there
before you.
Question. A copy from where?
Answer. From the Treasury Department.
Question. Why did you not produce the copy
from your office, as I asked you?
Answer. Because that would not prove any-
thing ; I could not certify that it was a copy
without having the original.
Question. Have you produced the original?
Answer. I understand it is here. The reason
I did not produce it was I understood it was
here.
Question. Where?
Answer. Before some committee. It was
sent up here with the case. The letter of Mr.
McCulloch there explains that.
Question. Tho letter of Mr. McCulloch ex-
plains about Mr. Hopkins's case, which I dc not
mean to put in; but I mean now to deal with
Mr. Blodgett/s case?
Answer. You will find the copy of two in-
dictments fastened together in the original as
iliey are there, and I understand they are here.
That is the reason I did not bring that, for 1
could not, without the original, certify that it
was a copy.
Question. And you got a copy from the
Treasury Department this morning?
Ansiver. Yes, sir.
Question. Which you produce here, but do
not from your own office?
Answer. No, sir; I do not produce that be-
cause I could not certify without having the
original that it was a true copy; and, under-
standing the others were here in the Senate, I
did not bring it.
Question. But you brought this copy?
Answer. I had forgotten how the case came
here.
