1808.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I think, therefore, that the criticisms to which
my amendment has been subjected are quite
inapplicable, are strange, are unjust, ana de-
serve no further answer than a mere statement
of the most apparent and palpable distinctions
which exist in the very nature of things in the
constitution of our Government.
This argument is equally absurd with another
argument which may be made: that because
the States are equal in power here they are
to be equally taxed. If gentlemen will run out
their principle there will be no end to the ab-
surdities. I suppose the State of Delaware
would object very much if, upon this grand
doctrine of State equality, we should ask her
to pay into the public Treasury an equal amount
with the State of New York. And sq with re-
gard to appropriations of .the public money to
the various objects of disbursement in the
country. What could be more absurd than to
insist that our appropriations of money should
be upon this principle of territorial equality or
of State equality, instead of being according
to the common necessities and the general in-
terests of the people of the country ?
Now, sir, be it observed that the Senate has
already made provision for the distribution of
these documents among Senators upon a prin-
ciple of perfect equality, upon & per capita rale.
We have already madeprovision for that. The
individual demands of each Senator for his own
convenience and for the convenience of his
State interests are already provided for. Now,
what is proposed ? That we shall print an ex-
tra number of documents. With reference to
what? An equal demand among members of
the Senate? No, sir; but a general and com-
mon demand in the country, which is a demand
in proportion to population. The means which
we propose to supply among the people are to
be measured by the numbers in the respective
sections.
I insist, therefore, that in printing these
extra copies of this work, after the ordinary
usage of an equal distribution among the mem-
bers has been complied with and fulfilled, we
shall provide for a just and fair dislribution of
them among the people. That is all to which
my amendment points; and although I am not
very particular with reference to this question
I think that it stands upon good ground, and
that it ought to command the assent of the
Senate.
Mr. MORGAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope we shall have a
vote on this resolution.
Mr. MORGAN. I will wait a little while.
Mr. ANTHONY. I may be allowed to ex-
plain that it is of a great deal of importance,
if this printing is to be ordered at all, that it
should be ordered now ; because, if done now,
it saves the resetting of the type. I have <no
sort of preference whether the Senate votes it
up or votes it down; but I wish to have it dis-
posed of now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from New York withdraw his motion?
Mr. MORGAN. I think there are some
other persons intending to speak on this sub-
ject  
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope we shall vote
down the motion.
Mr. MORTON. I want to say one word in
reply to the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Debate is not in order
on a motion to go into executive session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion' is on the motion of the Senator from New
York, that the Senate proceed to the considera-
tion of executive business.
Mr. MORGAN. I will state that if there
are no persons wishing to speak on the subject
before the Senate I will withdraw the motion
to allow a vote to be taken.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Buckalew] to the
resolution reported by the Senator from Rhode
Island, [Mr. Anthoxy.]
Mr. MORTON. If I understood the Senator
from Illinois correctly, he said that the prin-
ciple that I advocated would give the number
of Senators to the various States according to
their population. The Senator is mistaken.
I did not say any such thing, or anything like
it. My friend misunderstood me. 1 said I
did not sympathize with that feeling which was
growing up in the country against the equal
representation of the States in the Senate; but
I said that such a feeling did exist, and was
becoming stronger. I said that this had noth-
ing to do with the question of the right of
equal representation, but simply recognized
the inequality of population, and that there
was no justice in sending as many documents
to one hundred thousand people in Delaware
as you would to four million people in New
York.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on adopting the resolution reported
by the Senator from Rhode Island.
The resolution was adopted—ayes twenty-
six, noes not counted.
OltDEK OP BUSINESS.
Mr. MORGAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration, of executive
business.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I want to say
one word.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Debate is not in order
on this motion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am not going
to debate it; but there is on the table an ap-
propriation bill that I have been waiting for an
opportunity to call to the attention of the Sen-
ate. It ought to be passed. It is to provide
for the necessary expenses of the proceedings
now before the Senate. I wish to say to my
honorable friend who makes this motion that I
do not desire to oppose it, but I wish to sug-
gest to him the importance of passing this
bill, and I doubt whether it will take us ten
minutes.
Mr. MORGAN. I shall be in favor of taking
up that bill immediately after the executive
session.
Mr. CONNESS. We shall not come out
into open session to-day.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the Senate
to consider whether they will take up the bill
at the present time or after the executive
session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is not debatable.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask the Senator from
New York to withdraw his motion while I offer
aresolution callingforinformation. Wearenot
having legislative sessions, and I cannot do it
at auy other time. I shall vote with the Sen-
ator for his motion.
Mr. MORGAN. The Senator can offer his
resolution while the doors are being closed.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask unanimous consent
to offer a resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection ? The Cliair hears none, and the
^solution will be received.
FISHERIES IN ALASKA.
Mr. CONNESS. I offer the following res-
olution :
Jleaolved, That the President bo requested to com-
municate to the Senate cojtics of any papers m the
Department of State relating to any application by
any party for exclusive privileges in connection with
the fisheries in our recent purchaso of territory from
Russia; and whether any stops have been taken, or
acts done, tending to the extension of such exclusive
privilege or sale of lands in the said Territory to pri-
vate parties or companies.
There being no objection? the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. COLE. I suggest to my colleague that
that resolution includes fisheries only.
Mr. CONNESS. It also relates to lauds.
Mr. COLE. I ask my colleague to amend
it by including "hunting and trading" as well.
Mr. CONNESS. Let the resolution be read
again.
The Secretary read the resolution.
Mr. COLE. I ask my colleague to allow the
resolution to be amended by inserting the
words "hunting, trading, and" before the
words "the fisheriesso as to read, "exclu-
sive privileges in connection with hunting,
trading, and the fisheries in our recent pur-
chase. ''
Mr. CONNESS. I have no objection to
that. I accept it. I will state to the Senate
in brief, without reading it, that I hold in my
hand quite an extensive dispatch, which has
cost twenty-three dollars in gold to send here,
touching a good deal of public feeling which
exists at San Francisco on this subject, and I
desire to obtain the information from the
proper source.
The resolution was adopted.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. MORGAN. I now renew my motion
for an executive session.
The motion was agreed to; and, after two
hours and a half spent in executive session, the
doors were reopened, and the Senateadjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, April 14, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by th'e Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxtok.
By unanimous consent the reading of the
Journal of yesterday was dispensed with.
leave of absence.
Indefinite leave of absence was granted to
Messrs. IIalsey and IIill, of New Jersey; and
Mr. Washburn, of Wisconsin.
pensions.
Mr. PERHAM, by unanimous consent, re-
ported fronl> the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions a bill (II. R. No. 1010) relating to pen-
sions ; which was read a first and second time,
ordered to be printed, and recommitted.
washington and new yobic railroad.
Mr. TABER, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the memorial of Messrs. Henry Clews
& Co., Rufus Hatch & Co., and a large num-
ber of merchants and capitalists of New York
city, praying for the passage of the bill now
before Congress for a national railroad between
Washington and New York; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
report of hon. freeman ii. morse.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State bo directed
to communicate to the House the report of Hon.
Freeman 11. Morse, United States consul at London,
on the mercantile marine and commercial policy
of Great Britain, recently made to the State Depart-
ment, and also a copy of the dispatch of Air. Morse,
No. 325, dated May 12,1s6g.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
on the return of the House from the Senato
to-day he will present certain executive com-
munications ; and he also now renews the notice
given yesterday by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Basks,] that on Thursday next,
after the House returns to this Hall, and after
the disposition of the pending resolution rela-
tive to the printing of the opening speech of
Manager Butler in the impeachment trial, b e
will call up for action House bill relating to the
rights of naturalized citizens abroad.
impeachment of the president.
The SPEAKER. The hour of twelve o'clock
having arrived, the House will now resolvo
itself into the Committee of the Whole, accord-
ing to order, and proceed to the bar of tho
Senate, following the managers and preceded
by tho chairman ofthe Committee of the Whole,
who will be attended by the Clerk and acting
Doorkeeper. There will be business to be
transacted upon the return of the House to this
Hall.
