M<d
SUPPLEMENT TO
Mr. Manager BUTLER, (to the counsel for
tlie respondent.) Gentlemen* I will detach
these, or only put iu one paper, just as you
please.
Mr. EVARTS. Of course, we understand.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I do not care to
go through detaching the copy in this one case.
Mr. EVARTS. it is Mr. Rlodgett's indict-
ment? .
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Yea, sir, T now
offer simply the indictment in Blodgett's case,
which I will read, without detaching it from
the other paper:
United States of America.
Southern District of Georgia :
District court of the United States for the southern
district of Georgia.
Novumbcb Tkkm, 1867, A. D.
The grand jurors of the United States, chosen, se-
lected, and sworn in, and for thesouthem district of
Georgia* being good and lawlul men of the said south-
ern district ot Georgia, and being charged to inquire
for the United States and for the body of the said
district upon their oaths;
Present: that heretofore, that is to say, on the 27th
day of July, in the year of our LordlSGG, one Foster
Blodgett, of the city of Augusta and county of Rich-
mond, in the State ot Georgia, ami in the southern
district of Georgia aforesaid, was appointed by the
President of the United States to the office of deputy
postmaster at Augusta a foresaid, the said office, that
is to say, the oflieo of deputy postmaster, being an
office of profit under the Government of the United
States aforesaid, in the civil department of the pub-
lic sorvicc, and that, after said appointment and be-
fore entering: upon the d atics of the &aid oflieo, and
before he, the said Poster Blodgett, was entitled to
any salary orother emoluments ariMngfrom the said
otfiec. to wit, the oflieo ot deputy postmaster afore-
said, ho, the said Foster Blodgett, was then and
there required by; law to take and subscribe the oath
hereinafter set forth, the said oath being bv law
made material and necessary to be taken and hub-
serihed by him. the said Foster Blodgett, before
entering upon the duties of the office aforesaid, to
wit, the ofiiee of deputy postmaster at AusuM a a fore-
said, .and, being so required by law, he, the said Fos-
ter Blodgett, eamo in his own proper poison before
David S. Koalii. a judge of the court of oidinary (or
thee.nunty of Richnmnd, in the State ofGoorgia. and
within the district aforesaid, andwithin thejurisdie-
fum of tbi* court, on the 5th day of September, in
(he year ot our Lord 18(H), at, Augusta aforesaid,
within the county. State, and district aforesaid, and
then and there wns duly sworn and took his corporal
oath before the said David S. lloath, a judge of the
couil of ordinary for the county of Richmond, in the
State of Georgia and distiiet aforesaid, he, the said
David S. Koath, being then and there duly author-
ized by law, and having then and thercMiihcient and
competent power, to administer the said oath to the
said Foster Blodgett in that behalf, and that there-
upon the said Foster Blodgett, having so sworn as
afoiesjiid, and not having I tic fear of God before his
eyes, but having boon moved and seduced by the in-
stigation of the devil, then and there, to wit, on the
day and year aforesaid and at tho placo last afore-
said, before the said David S. Uoath, judge of the
eouit of ordinary as aforesaid, (iie, tho'said Roath.
having then and there competent authority to ad-
minister the .said oath as aforesaid,) upon his oath
aforesaid, sworn t" before the said David S. lloath,
on the och day of September, in tho year of our Lord
18f5o, Jalsely, willlully, and con uptly did swear to the
purport and effect following, that, is to say:
"I, Foster Blodgett, (meaning tho said Foster
Blodgett,) being appointed deputy postmaster at
Augusta, in the county of Richmond anil State of
Georgia, do swear that 1 will faithiully perform all
the duties required of me and abstain from anything
forbidden by the laws in i elation to tho establish-
ment of the post office and post loads within the
United States; and that 1 will honestly and truly
account, for and pay over any moneys belonging to
the iiud United Slate* which may come into my
pos^e«sion or control, and I do further solemnly swear
that I have never volnntaiily borne arms against
the United States since 1 have been aeitizen thereof;
that I havo voluntarily given no aid, countenance,
counsel, or encouragement to persons engaged in
armed hostility thereto; that I have neither sought
nor accepted nor attempted to exeroisc thefunctions
of any office whatever, under any authority or pre-
tended authority, in hostility to the United States;
that J have not yielded a voluntary support to any
pretended government, authority, powci, or ooi^ti-
tution within the United Stares hostile or iluminal
thereto; and! do further sweat that to the best of mv
knowledge and ability X will support and defend
the Constitution of the United Suites ngaiiut all
enemies, foreign or dome-tie; that I will bear hue
faith and allegiance to the same; th.it I take this
obligation freely, withoutany mental rc-eivation or
purpose of evasion; and that T will well and faith-
fully discharge the duties of the oflieo on whieh J
am about to ent°r; so help me God."
W hereas in truth arid in fact, the said Foster Blod-
gott befoie the timeof taking the said oath as afore-
said, had voluntarily borne aims against the United
States aforesaid, he the said Foster Blodgett ha\ ing
been at that time, that is to say, at the time when ho
bore arms as aforesaid, a eiti7onof the United States
nroresaid; and wheieas in trutn and in fact he the
said Fovscer Blodgett beiiitc a citizen a-? aforesaid,be-
fore that time, that is to say, before the time of the
taking of the oath, voluntarily had given aid to
persons engaged in amied hostility to the United
States aforesaid, and had voluntarily as aforesaid
given countenance, counsel, and encouragement to
persons engaged in armed hostility to the United
States aforesaid; and whereas, in truth and fact, ho
the said Foster Blodgett being a citizen of tho Uni-
ted States as aforesaid had before that time, that is
to say before the time of the taking of the said oath
as aforesaid, accepted an office, to wit, theofiice of the
captaincy of an artillery Company in the service of
and under the authority of the so -called confederate
States, the so-called confederate States being then
and there an authority or a pretended authority in
hostility to the United States aforesaid; and whereas
in truth and fact he, the said Foster Blodgett, being
a citizen as aforesaid, had before that lime, that is
to say, before the time of the taking of the said oath,
yielded a voluntary support to a pretended govern-
ment of Georgia, the same being at that time, that
is to say at the time he, said Foster Blodgett, yielded
a voluntary support thereto, a pretended authority
in power withintheUnited States and hostile thereto.
And so the jurors aforesaid, upon their oaths afore-
said. do say that the said Foster Blodgett, by his oath
aforesaid taken and subscribed on the day and year
aforesaid, by David S. lloath, a judge of the court
of ordinary as aforesaid, falsely, willfully, and cor-
ruptly, in manner and form aforesaid did, in tho
southern district of Georgia, andwithin the juris-
diction of this court, commit willful and corrupt
perjury, contrary to tho forms of the statute in such
case made and provided, and against the peace and
dignity of the United States.
If ENHY S. FITCII,
United States Attorney for Georgia.
Indorsement.
United States of America. Southern District of
Georgia, United States District Court, November
Term, 18G7.
United States
v . hlndietmonl for perjury.
Foster Blodgett.J
Witnesses: James A. Bennett, AmbroseR. Wright,
Dr. M. J. Jones, John N. Wrav, Avern D'Antiquac,
Goorge W. Vennui ey, Allen Phillips, John L. Ellis.
A true bill.
IIENRY BINGHAM, Foreman.
S vvannah, November l!(3, 1867.
Filed November 29. IStjT.
JAMES McPIIimSOX, Clcrlc.
Mr. JOHNSON. Does it charge that he
was a captain in the rebel service?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. He was charged
with being a captain in a volunteer company.
[To the witness.] Now, Mr. Randall, upon
notice which you have put in as given to Mr.
Blodgett being sent to him, did he return an
answer, and is this paper that answer or a copy
of it? [Handing a paper to the witness.]
Answer. These are copies of the papers that
are on file. I can only swear to them as copies
of papers on file. I believe these are correct
copies.
Quesliaii. And that is a copy of his answer?
Will you look at it.
Answer. Yes, sir. I have read it all over $
I think it is.
Question. The notice left here on the '3d of
January, we have learned by tho paper which
was put in on Saturday?
I think it was the 3d of January.
Question. And on the 10th he returned this
answer ?
-'Jjiszrer. Yes, sir.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I propose to offer
it. U is :
WismxGTON, D. C., January 10,18o3.
lion. A.IV. Randall:
SIR 
Sir. EVARTS. One moment, Mr. Manager.
We suppose that there is no inquiry before this
Senate sitting as a court of impeachment as to
the truth of the charges against Mr. Blodgett,
nor as to his defenses. We put m evidence
nothing but the official action of the Govern-
ment through the Post OOice Department, and
that only in answer to an oral statement con-
cerning it which Mr. Blodgett had himself given.
Now, the Manager brings in the indictment,
and having got that in claims the right to repel
it and thus produce evidence on both sides of
the question of the reason of Mr. Blodgett's
suspension. We submit to the Senate that the
proof is irrelevant.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Mr. President, the
case stands thus: Mr. Foster Blodgett, who is
mayor of the city of Augusta, appointed by
General Pope, and a member of the constitu-
tional convention 
Mr. EVARTS. No part of that statement
is in evidence.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I propose to put it
in evidence, and am stating my case. I have got
it all here. He was a member of the constitu-
tional convention and an active Union man 
The CHIEF J USTiCE. The honorable Man-
ager will please reduce his offer to prove to
writing.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I will after I state
the grounds of it. J will put 
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
thinks it ought to be reduced to writing now,
in order that the Senate may pass upon the
question whether they will receive the evidence.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. They cannot until
I make the statement, sir.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
thinks that the same rule which was applied to
the counsel for the President yesterday ought to
be applied to the honorable Managers to-day.
The Managers should state in writing the nature
of the evidence which they propose to introduce,
and the Senate can then pass upon the question
whether they desire to hear evidence of that
description.
Mr. JOHNSON. Does the Manager pro-
pose to offer that paper in evidence itself?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I do.
Mr. JOHNSON. And nothingelse?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I propose to offer
something else besides. At presentl propose to
offerthis, and it is the first time any counsel has
been thus stopped. 1 assume, Mr. President—
I never have assumed any different—that the
same rule will be applied to-day as yesterday.
I do not want to be understood as asking any-
thing different.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The honorable
Manager appears to the Chief Justice to be
making a statement of matters which are not
in proof, and of which the Senate has as yet
heard nothing. He states that he intends to
put them in proof. The Chief Justice there-
fore requires that the nature of the evidence t hat
he proposes to put before the Senate shall be
reduced to writing as has been done hereto-
fore. He will make the ordinary offer to prove,
and then the Senate will judge whether they
will receive tlie evidence or not.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I was trying to
state that this was a part of the record pro-
duced bv the other side. It is the first time, I
have a right to say, that any counsel has been
interrupted in this wav. This 
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Does the honor-
able Manager decline to put his statement in
writing?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I am not declining
to put. the statement in writing, sir.
The CHIEF J USTICE. Then the honor-
able Manager will have the goodness to put it
in writing.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I can do it, sir,
by taking sufficient time.
The CHIEF J USTICE. It will be allowed.
The proposition having been reduced to
writing,
Mr. Manager BUTLER. This is the offer,
sir:
We offer to show that Foster Blodgett, the mayor
of Augusta, Georgia, appointed by General Pope,
and a member of the constitutional convention of
Georgia, being, because of his loyalty, obnoxious to
some portion of thccitizenslately in rebellion against
the United "States, by the testimony of such citizens
au indictment was procured to bo found against him ;
that said indictment being sent to the Postmaster
General, he thereupon, without authority of law, sus-
pended said Foster Blodgett from office indefinitely,
without any other complaint again.-t him and with-
out any hearing and did not send to the Senate the
report of such '-u^pen^on, the office being onewithin
the appointment of the President by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate; this to be proved
in part by the answer of Blodgett to the Postmaster
General's notice ot such suspension,^bemg a portion
of tho papers on file in tho Post Offico Department i
upon whieh the action of the Postmaster General
was taken, a portion of which have been put in evi-
dence by the counsel of the President, and that Mr.
Blodgett is shown by the evidence in the record to
have always been friendly to the United Stales and
loyal to the Government.
That is the offer. On this we wish to be
heaid nt such time a* the Chair will permit.
Mr. EVARTS. We object to the evidence,
Mr. Chief Justice and Senators, as being
