8322
THE OOtfGKESSIQNAL GLOBE,
June 20,
pension to William H. McDonald. It directs
the Secretary of the Interior to place on the
pension-roll, subject to the provisions and
limitations of the pension laws, the name of
William H. McDonald, late of company F, six-
tieth regiment New York volunteers, com-
mencing March 11, 1862.
The Committee on Pensions reported the
bill with an amendment, to insert after the
word "•volunteers,"-in line seven,-the words
"and t.o pay him a pension at the rate of fif-
teen dollars per month."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in, and prdered to be engrossed, and the bill to
be read the third time. It was read the third
time, and passed.
AMOS WITIIAM.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 77-1. ■
The motion was agfeed to; and the .Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. H. No. 774) granting a
pension to Amos Witham. It proposes to
direct the Secretary of the Interior to place on
the pension-roll, subject to the provisions, and
limitations of the pension laws, the name of
Amos Witham, father of Amos 0. Witham,
late a member of company A, thirtieth Maine
volunteers, commencing August 3, 18U4.
The Committee on Eensions reported the
bill with an amendment, to insert in line seven,
after the word " volunteers," the words "and
to pay him a pension al the rate of eight dollars
per month."
Mr, VAN WINKLE. I withdraw that
amendment.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.'
KR.VSTUS KINSEL.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
bill No. 775.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. It. No. 770) granting a
pension to the widow and minor children of
Krastus Kinsel. It directs the Secretary of
the Interior to place on the pension-roll, sub-
ject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws, the names of the widow and
minor children of Erastus Kinsel, lateaprivate
in company A, one hundred and twenty-fifth
regiment Pennsylvania volunteers, commenc-
ing April 7, ISlJii.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Since this bill was
reported by the Committee on Pensions, the
lady has married ; and so I desire to offer a
substitute for the bill giving the pension to the
child. I move to strike out all after the enact-
ing clause, and to insert:
That the Secretary of tho Interior is hereby author-
ized and directed to place on the pension-roll, sub-
ject to tho provisions, and limitations of tho pension
laws, the name of ltebecca Jane Kinsel, "the only
child under sixteen years of age of Erastus Kinsel,
late a private in company A, one hundred and
twcnty-lil'th regiment Pennsylvania volunteers, and 'Y
to pay her a pensiun at the rate of eight dolla s per
month, commencing April 7, 1883, and to continue
until she attains the age of sixteen years.
Mr. C0NKL1NG. I should like to inquire
what is the object and effect of this substitute ?
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The woman has
married again, and the child succeeds to the
pension. The bill originally gave the pension
to the widow, but now the widow's name is
left out and the name of the child inserted.
It does not increase, but on the contrary
diminishes the amount.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and tiie amendment was concurred
in. and oidered to be engrossed, and the bill to
be read a third time. It v/as road the third
time, and-passed; and its title was amended
so as to read, " A bill granting a pension to
Rebecca Jane Kinsel."
ZliPUANl.AH KNAVP.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I now move that tiie
Senate proceed to the consideratiou.of House
bill No. 776.
The motion was agreed:to ; and the Senate,
as in- Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (IT. B. No. 776) granting a
pension to Zephaniali Knapp, of Luzerne county,
Pennsylvania. The bill requires the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place the name of Zeph-
aniali Knapp on the pension-roll, at the rate
of eight dollars per month, to be computed
from the 1st of January, 18G7, and to continue
during his natural life.
The Committee on Pensions reported the bill
with an amendment to infei't in line five, after
the word " roll," the words "and to payliim a
pension."
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The committee with-
draw that amendment.
The bill was reported to the Sfenate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
IIAMI'TON THOMPSON.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Hduse bill
-No. .822.
Tho motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. Ii. No. 822) granting a
pension to Hampton Thompson. The bill
directs the Secretary of the interior to place
on the pension-roll, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, the name
of Hampton Thompson, late a private in com-
pany G, sixty-third regiment Pennsylvania vol-
unteers, commencing September 13, 1865.
The Committee on Pensions reported the
bill with an amendment., to insert after the
word "volunteers," in line seven, the words
'' and to pay him a pension at the rato of twent.y-
five dollars per month."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in, and ordered to be engrossed,and the bill to
be read a third time. It wae read the third
time, and passed.
GEOROE W. r.OCIvEli.
Mr. VAN WJNKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 823.
The motion was agieed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (II. 11. No. 823) granting a
pension to George W. Locker. The Secre-
tary of the Interior is directed by the bill to
place on the pension-roll, subject to the pro-
visions and limitations of the pension laws, the
name of George W. Locker, late a private in
company G, fifteenth Iowa volunteer infantry,
commencing June 7, 18G2.
'The Committee on Pensions reported the
bill with an amendment, to insert after the word
"infantry," in line seven, the words "and to
pay him a pension at the rate of eight dollars
per month."
Mr. VAN WINKLE. We withdraw that
amendment.
The bill was reported to tho Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, .and passed.
ANNIE VAUGJIX.
Mr. VAN WINKLE.. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 824.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (IT. It. No. 824) granting a
pension to Annie Vaughn. It proposes to
direct the Secretary of the Interior to place on
the pension-roll, subject to the provisions and
limitations of the pension laws, the name of
Annie Vaughn, widow of Daniel Vaughn, late
a private in company A^fifty-eighth Pennsyl-
vania volunteers, commencing December 25,
1803.
The Committee on Pensions reported the
bill with an amendment, to insert after the
word "volunteers," in line seven, the words
" and to pay her a pension at the rate of eight
dollars per month." .
Mr. VAN WINKLE.. The committee with-
draw that amendment. ,
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
JOHN S. PHELPS.
Mr. VAN-WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of II ouse bill
No. 673. .
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. ^673) granting a
pension to the widow and minor children of
John S. Phelps. The bill, as it. passed the
House of Representatives, directed the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the names of the widow
and minor children of John S. Phelps, late a
lieutenant in the thirty-fifth regiment of Ken-
tucky mounted infantry, commencing July 23,
18G3.
The Committee on Pensions reported the
bill with amendments. The amendments were,
in'line six to insert the name "Saffrona C.
l'helps," and also to strike out the word
"minor" and insert "Caleb S. Phelps;" in
line seven to strikeout the word "children"
and insert " child under sixteen years of age ;"
in line eight to insert the word "secpnd"
before "lieutenant;" in line nine after tiie
word "volunteer" to insert "and to pay her
a pension at the rate of fifteen dollars per
month for herself during widowho.od, and two
dollars per month for the said child until he
shall attain the age of sixteen years;" so that
the bill will read :
That tho Secretary of the Interior bo, and ho is
hereby, authorized and directed to placo on tho pen-
sion-roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the names of SaffronaC. Pbeips,
tho widow, and CalebS. Phelps, child under sixteen
yoars of age of John S. Phelps, late a second Heu-
tonant in tho thirty-fifth regiment ol Kentucky
mounted infantry, and to pay her a pension at the
rate of fifteen dollars per month for herself durin?
widowhood, and two dollars per month for the said
child until lie shall .attain the age of sixteen years,
cointnoncing July 23, 1863.
The .amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in, and ordered to be engrossed, and the bill
to be read a third time. It was read the third
time, and passed. The title was amended so
as to read, UA bill granting, a pension to the
widow and child of John S. Phelps."
JOHN W. IICJGIiJSS.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 825.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 826) granting a
pension to John W. Hughes. By the bill the
Secretary of .the Interior is directed to place
on the pension-roll, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, the name
oi John W. Hughes, late a private in company
I, nineteenth Iowa volunteers, commencing
February 21, 18Go.
The Committee on Pensions reported the
bill with an amendment, to insert after the
word "volunteers," in line seven, the words
" and to pay him a pension at the rate of 
dollars per month."
Mr. VAN WINKLK. I move to fill the
blank in_ the amendment with "fifteen." It
is an accidental omission.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in, and ordered to be engrossed, and the bill
to be read a third time, ft was read the third
time, and passed..
MI0IIAI5L MELLOS.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
