1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4m
ceed with that bill at this moment. Further
on in the day I shall be ready to proceed with
it. I have in progress of preparation some
amendments that 1 intend to pro.pose to it,
which I have reason to believe will be accept-
able, and as soon as I can spare a few minutes
from the Senate Chamber it is my intention to
go on with their preparation, and then I shall
be as anxious to proceed with the considera-
tion of the bill as the Senator from Kansas.
But at present, before they are fully prepared,
I prefer that the Senate shall not go on with
its consideration. 1 will say that my object is
to perfect the bill, not to delay it.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not know that the
Senator anticipated making any amendments;
but the session is so nearly through, and it is
so difficult to get up bills for the purpose of
passing them, that my own opinion is that we
must consider this bill this morning or we shall
not be able to consider it at all. I feel only
the interest that all the friends of the measure
feel; but I should like to have the Senate act
upon it now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think at this late
period of the session a bill ought not to be
put off merely because a Senator is not ready.
Mr. "tlONNESS. Yery well, sir, let it go
on. I am glad to find the Senator from Maine
in favor of some bill of this kind.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. Ii. No. 989) to
provide for an American line of mail and
emigrant passenger steamships between New
Yoilc and one or more European ports. The
question pending being on the amendment of
Sir. Moriull, of Vermont, to strikeout in sec-
tion two after the word steamships," in line
five, the words "five of;" and in line six to
strike out "and two others of not less than
two thousand tons each;" so as to make the
clause read:
At least seven first-class sea-going steamships
which shall not be of leas than three thousand tons
each, Government measurement.
Mr. POMEROY. I believe the Senator
from Vermont does not desire to press that
amendment, but proposes to withdraw it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. After con-
ference with my friend from Kansas, I am
willing to withdraw that amendment upon his
assenting to another amendment in relation to
the average rate of speed. 1 understand that
lie will assent to it, and therefore I withdraw
this.
The PRESIDENTjpro tempore. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Iowa
has an amendment that I believe he intends to
move.
Mr. HARLAN. An amendment has been
handed to me to be presented.
Mr. POMEROY. I have not seen the
amendment, but I have been told it was to be
offered.
Mr. HARLAN. I will offer it. It is to
insert at the end of the third section :
And it. in provided, 'Chat should the receipts under
any contract made in pursuance of this act exceed
the average oi ^800,000 yearly l'or the period of the
above-named twenty years, then such excess shall be
and belong to tho Post Office Department, it being
the intent and meaning of this act that the amount
the said company shall receive during the period of
the above-named twentyye.irs for the postal service
shall not exceed the sum of $800,000 yearly.
I desire to say in relation to the amendment
that it states distinctly what the parties them-
selves want; but it has not been considered by
the committee.
Mr. CONKLING. I observe that the amend-
ment says " twenty years." The time named
in the bill was changed t,o ten years.
Mr. HARLAN. Then this ought to be
changed.
The PRESIDENTjjro tempore. Theamend-
ment will be so modified.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It seems to
me that $800,000 is very much too large an
amount of subsidy. That for ten years would
be $8,000,000. By the reading of the bill I
think no one would infer that the amount of
postages to be received by the company should
ever be beyond $400,000 a year. I had no
idea that they were to exceed $400,000, and I
think no member of the committee had.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think there is a very ex-
aggerated impression as to the amount of these
postages. If this corporation were to receive
$800,000 per annum they would have to do all
the postal service between the United States
and those ports to which it is proposed they
shall carry the mails. To do that they would
have to have thirty vessels in constant service,
and I am sure that sum would not be too much
compensation for that service. I am sure it
would not be considered so by those who have
anypridein seeing steamers crossing the ocean
carrying the American flag. In order to re-
ceive all the postages they must carry all the
mails. It is only proposed that this line shall
carry about a mail a week in the first instance,
and the receipts for that would not be more
than about two thousand five hundred dollars
for the outward trip, and they would not get
probably over one hundred and twenty or one
hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars a
year. That is all they are likely to get. To
get six, seven, or eight hundred thousand dol-
lars they must be prepared to carry all the mails
that we send by way either of Queenstown or
Southampton. Probably by any arrangement
they can make within five years they will not
be able to earn one fourth, certainly not one
half of the amount of limit proposed.
The total cost of the trans-Atlantic mail ser-
vice employed by the United States Post Office
Department during the fiscal year which ended
June 30, 1867, was $551,338 01. Fifty-two
round trips between New York and Liver-
pool, via Queenstown, (at sea postage,) cost
$241,381 93.
Twenty-four and one half round trips be-
tween New York and Bremen, via Southamp-
ton, (at sea postage) cost $91,331 38. Thir-
teen and one half round trips between New
York and Hamburg, via Southampton, (at sea
postage) cost $47,577 02. Thirty-eight round
trips, $138,900. Fifteen and one half round
trips between New York and Havre, via Fal-
mouth (at United States inland and sea post-
age) cost $73,059 92. The amounts paid from
30th June, 1807, to January 1, 18(38, were as
follows:
Twenty-seven round trips between New York
and Liverpool, via Queentown, (at sea post-
age,) $104,502 20. Twenty-seven round trips
between New York and Biemen, via South-
ampton, (at sea postage) $77,171 14. Eleven
round trips between New York and Hamburg,
via Southampton, (at sea postage) $32,111 23.
Total for six months, $213,784 57, (sixty-five
round trips.)
There has been paid under the new arrange-
ments, since January 1, 1868, at the rate of
fifteen cents per ounce for letters, and six
cents a pound for printed matter, from Jan-
uary 1 to March 31, 1868:
To Ounard line, fourteen outward trips $21,026 42
To Inman line, thirteen outwaid trips  17,844 73
To Biemen line, fourteen outward trips  19,78V GO
To Hamburg line, six outward trips  11,412 55
Total for tlirco months $70,071 30
Via Queenstown, twenty-seven outwaid
trips    38,871 15
Via Southampton, twenty outward trips  31,200 15
These figures show that in no event during
the time this contract would run, would this
company be likely to receive four or live hun-
dred thousand dollars a year, if they were to
carry all the mails.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to repeat that this
amendment offered by me has not been pro-
posed by the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, and I am not sure that the amount
named in it is not greater than is necessary. I
desire the sense of the Senate on that subject.
It may be observed, however, that they will
not receive this sum of money unless it
comes in from the postages on the mail matter
carried by the parties themselves, both the
laud and sea postages on the matter carried
by this company. It has been suggested to
me, however, that a maximum of $600,000
extending over the whole period of ten years,
probably would be sufficient, and' for the pur-
pose of testing the judgment of the Senate OH
that subject, I move to amend the amendment
by striking out "eight," and inserting" "six."
Mr. POMEROY. I think that is right.-
Mr. HARLAN. I modify the amendment
in that way.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The amend-
ment is so modified.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
amend the amendment by striking out " $600,-
000," and inserting "$400,000."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to my friend
that I do not understand that there is to be an
average that one year is to make up for another.
My understanding of it was that if the yearly
pay in any one year came up to $G00r000 the
excess over that should go into the Treasury,
not that the company should go back and make
an average so as to secure the $600,000 in each
year. That is not the idea of the contract as
I understand it.
Mr. HARLAN. I think the amendment is
drawn so as to enable them to receive the
excess in one year sufficient to make up the
deficiency for preceding years.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That was not my un-
derstanding of the amendment that was to be
made. I supposed they were to take the risk.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Under the
Cunard contract, until within the past year,
the amount paid by the British Government
was ,£180,000 for all the service of the Cunard:
line, or about equal to the sum proposed at
first by the Senator from Iowa. But under
the contract for the last year the British Gov-
ernment paid the Cunard line £90,000 for all
their service. Now, it does seem to me, that
if, for the amount of service stipulated for
here in this bill, we pay $400,000 a year, we are
paying a very liberal price for the service. If
it should be conditioned as proposed by this
amendment, and the Postmaster General should
be in favor of patronizing this line, and he
should direct the mails at the western cities to
be made up on such days as would reach these
steamships and no others, this steampship
company would be at once placed in a posi-
tion to receive a very large amount of postages.
If we are to make a monopoly ofsteamships
centering at but one port, shipping by Balti-
more, Philadelphia, Boston, Portland, and
yielding the entire business to the city of New
York, it does seem to me that we ought to
have at least the service performed for $400,-
OOOayear. I trust the Senate will not vote
for any larger sum than that. Then the point
to which the attention of the Senate was called
by the Senator from Maine is certainly an
important one. They ought not in this long
course of years to make up the average sum?
that they are to receive so as to make up for
any deficiencies in the first part of the service
when they perform a very small amount of
service by the receipts toward the end of the
contract, when they have increased their num-
ber of ships. I trust that portion of the
amendment will be modified or amended by
the Senate before it passes.
Mr. CORBETT. I propose to offer an
amendment to meet the point suggested when
it shall be in order to do so. The third section
now provides:
That when the receipts of said navigation com-
pany for sea postages under any contract to be made
m pursuance of this act shall equal or exceed tho
sum of $400,000 per annum, then the right of said
company to receivo tho inland postages shall ceaso
and determine, and said company shall only receivo
the sea postages.
There I propose to insert:
Provided. Said postages shall not exceed at any
time $600,000.
So that if in the last few years the sea postage3
reach $600,000, the company may have that
sum, but shall not make an average. By
! my amendment if the whole poslages exceed
i $100,000, the inland postage is to be cut of f, ana
if it then amounts to over $400,000for the le-
! mainder of the time itshali not at any time ex-
I ceed $600,000. It seems to me that this will
