THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
241
•wholly irrelevant to this case. The evidence
concerning Foster Blodgett was produced on
the part of the Managers, and on their part
was confined to his oral testimony that he had
received certain commissions under which he
held the office of postmaster at Augusta; that
he had been suspended in that office by the
Executive of the United States in some form
of its action, and there was a superadded neg-
ative conclusion of his that his case had not
been sent to the Senate. In taking up that
case the defense offered nothing but the official
action of the Post Office Department, coupled
with the evidence of the head of that Depart-
ment that it was his own act, without previous
knowledge or subsequent direction of the Pres-
ident of the United States. In that official
order, thus a part of the action of the Depart-
ment, it appears that the ground of it was an
indictment against Mr. Blodgett. A complaint
was made that, that indictment was not pro-
duced. The Managers having procured it,
having put it in evidence, they now propose to
put in evidence his answer to that indictment
or to the accusation made before the Postmas-
ter General.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I know you do not
mean to misstate—his answer to the Postmas-
ter General's notice, not to the indictment.
Mr. EVARTS. His answer to the accusa-
tion and the evidence concerning the accusa-
tion as placed before the Postmaster General,
I understood.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Not an answer to
the indictment.
Mr. EVARTS. An answer to the indict-
ment so far as it was the accusation before the
Post Office Department. I understood you to
say so ; that is, you propose to prove that he
was friendly to the United States, and always
had been, notwithstanding he had been a cap-
tain in the rebel troops. I understood you to
say so; and now the honorable Manager states
that this paper, which is part of his evidence
to sustain Mr. Blodgett's loyalty and defeat the
accusation against him, in which Mr. Blodgett
may be entirely right for aught I know, is a
letter written by him ten days after his suspen-
sion ; and the honorable Manager states that
that letter of his, written to the Postmaster
General ten days after his suspension, was a
part of the papers upon which the Postmaster
Genera! acted in suspending him. How that
could be, in the nature of things, it is difficult
for me to see. He was suspended on the 3d.
Ten days after he wrote an answer to the in-
crimination ; and that is one of the papers on
which the Postmaster General suspended him,
it is said.
The honorable court can see that this is not
evidence introduced by us in disparagement of
Poster Blodgett. It is evidence introduced by
us to show the action of the Post Office De-
partment in the suspension, which suspension
the Managers had put in by oral testimony ;
and under cover of that the learned Manager
first seeks to introduce the accusations against
Blodgett, and then to rebut them. If this evi-
dence is rightly put in on their part we of
course can meet it on ours; and we shall have
an interesting excursion from the impeachment
trial of the President to the trial of Mr. Foster
Blodgett on the question of loyalty; and I am
instructed to say that there is a witness in the
city who can testify that he was a captain in
the rebel army; and we are ready to go on
with that proof if it is desired.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Mr. President and
Senators, I think now it will not be out of any
order either of to-day or yesterday or the day
before for me to state the grounds upon which
I offer this evidence.
Foster Blodgett was called here to show that,
holding an office which required the advice and
consent of the Senate, he had been suspended
indefinitely by the President of the United
States, as he supposed, and as we supposed, on
the 3d of January, 1868. without any fault on
his part, so far as his official duties were con-
cerned, and without any adjudication or con-
viction of any crime, and a man placed in his
Supplement—16.
J office as special agent with the same salary and
[ a little more; so that it amounted to a removal
I and putting in a man into the office as now ap-
| pears by the papers presented. Mr. Blodgett
] testified that up to the day he testified he had
! not had his case before the Senate; he could
get no redress. We thought that upon the
proposition that the President desiied to obey
the law, except that he wanted to make a ease
to test the constitutionality of il,, this was quite
pertinent evidence. He having put forward
broadly in his answer that he was exceedingly
desirous to obey the laws, the civil-tenure act
and all other laws, except that he wanted to
make a case to test the constitutionality of the
law, these facts are put in. and these facts are
yet undisputed. They called Mr. Postmaster
General Randall on Saturday, and he pro-
duced, and tliev put in, a letter of appointment
of one Summers, special agent, with a salary
therein set out. They also put in a letter in-
forming Mr. Blodgett that he had been sus-
pended from office. That letter states precisely
that itwas upon an indictment forpeijmy, not
setting out the indictment, so as to lea\e ih to
infer that Foster Blodgett had in 401110 contro-
versy between neighbor and neighbor, or citi-
zen and citizcn, somewhere committed willful
and eoirupt perjury, and that itwas so heinous
a case that the Postmaster General felt obliged
instantly to suspend him : and it was a ease,
he said, where the great law of necessity com-
pelled him to suspend him at once. In order
to meet that we asked for the indictment. We
got it at last from the Treasury Department, a
copy of it. The indictment then makes cer-
tain statements against Mr. Foster Blodgett.
Now, Mr. Foster Blodgett instantly upon being
notified—this being the !!d of January, and the
paper, which 1 shall show you, being dated the
10th—seven days only, three from ten leaves
seven, not ten, Mr. Counsel, so that inadver
teuces can take place as well on the one side as
the other 
Mr. EVARTS. If you consider it material,
1 will retract.
Mr, Manager BUTLER. I do not consider
it material only as a matter of correctness ;
that is all. As 1 say, seven days afterwaid,
being in Washington, he instantlyanswcrs and
puts on file his justification, that this was all
a rebel plot and treason against the United
States in fact. Having put that on file, that
is a part of the case.
Now, I have not said to the Senate that this
paper was that upon which Mr. Randall acted
in suspending him, but i do say it is a part of
the proceedings in the case, and it, is a paper
on which Mr. Randall acted in not returning
that suspension through the President to the
Senate. It may be said that Mr. Randall had
no business to return it to the Senate. He
had just as much business to return it to the
Senate as he had to suspend him.
We are answered, too, that they put in only
the official act of the Department. I had the
honor to explain to the Senate some days ago
that I understood an official act to be that
which was made a man's duty by law to do.
I never understood that there was any other
official act. I have always understood that
the kind of acts which a man does where the
law does not require him to do them are offi-
cious acts and not official, and I think this
was the most officious act I have ever known,
one which the Postmaster General says there
is no law for, which was justified by no statute.
A man is suspended; his reputation is ruined
as far as it can be ; the tribunal the law has
appointed before which he could have a hear-
ing, the Senate of the United States, is not
informed of it in the regular way. It affects
the President of the United States, because he
was informed of it after it was done, and he
has taken no aetion; and then when we put
him on to say to ns "I have been suspended
and cannot go before the Senate," the answer
is what? When he simply says that the an-
swer is to put in the fact that he was indicted
in order to blacken his reputation and send it
out to the country.
I never saw Foster Blodgett until the day he
was brought upon this stand. I have no inter-
cut in him any more than any other ger^Seman
of po-ition in the South. I put it to yon, if
} oi, had been treated in that way when here as
a willies under th" su'nmons of the Semite by
the Managers of t!-e House of Representatives
to testify to a fact, ami then the President, after
refusing you any hearing before the constitu-
tional tiibnnal and legal tribunal, had put iu
the fact to blacken your character that you had
been indicted, would you not like to have the
privilege of putting iu at least your answer on
record in the case, that which you did instantly?
It is said to bet lie letter of Mr. Blodgett. True,
it is; but. it also contains exhibits and other
papers which establish the facts beyond con-
troversy.
It is said here, wilh a slur, that they have
got a witness to prove that ho was in the rebel
army. 1 do not doubt it—plenty of them—
whether he was or not. But what I say-is, that
he was only a captain in a militia company, and
called into service and bound to obey the
powers t hat, be ; and he was indicted because he
\ielded to the power of the Stale of Georgia,
to compel him to hold the commission ; and
taking no commission, he had cither to go or
lose his life; and he could well swear, although
he went as a militia captain into the service,
thai he did not voluntarily go. But, however
that may be, he has a right to have before the
country that he has been traduced—a man
among his neighbors so well known that they
eleeteil him to make the constitutional law for
them: a man among his neighbors so well
known that General Pope appointed him mayor
of tiiis very town where he held the office; a
man so well known that when the State of
Georgia shall come here and demand a place
in this Chamber 1 have no doubt Foster Blod-
srelt will come and take his place beside the
proudest of you,
I say under these circumstances I feel it my
duty to put this testimony before you; and if
the mere objection is want of relevancy I put
it as a matter of justice to a witness that the
11 ouse of llepresen tati ves brought here and who
is now being oppressed by the entire power of
the executive Govern incut of the United States,
who has been confessedly, withoutlaw, against
right, suspended from his office and so removed,
can get no hearing before this tiibunal or any
other, because the Piesident controls his dis-
trict attorney and he cannot get a trial down
there, and they will not report him up here,
and he cannot get a trial here. It appeals to
your justice. 1 do not propose to go into any
excursion in trying the ease of Foster Blodgett.
I only propose to put in all the papers that
were on file in the Post Office Department
about this case that bear on my side of the case.
They have put in such' papers as bear on their
side of the case, and I propose to put in such
papers as bear on my side of the case out of
the same bundle, that they shall not pick out
such as please them and have t hem put in with-
out my picking out and putting in from the same
bundle such as please us.
Mr. EVARTS. We do not put anything
from the bundle. We put in merely the action
of the Department. You have taken a paper
from the bundle and now propose to put iu an
answer to it. That is now the statemeut of the
evidence. We have as little to do with and as
little care for Foster Blodgett as possible; hut
you brought him here and compelled us to state
the circumstances of the Department's action.
We have stated them. If his case is to be tried
by this court because it cannot be tried by any
Other, and if that is a ground of jurisdiction,
of course you may have plenty of work.
The C1HEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the offer to prove made by the honorable
Managers.
The Chief Clerk read;
We offer to show 
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Stop a moment.
Perhaps I will amend the offer a little, though
not in substanefe. With leave, sir, I will with-
