4348
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jul j 23,
obviate the objections of the Senator from Ver-
mont, and the company may during the last few
years receive between four and six hundred
thousand dollars. If the Senator from Vermont
will withdraw his amendment I will propose
this.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The amend-
ment pending is offered by the Senator from
Iowa.
Mr. NYE. I hope the amendment of the
Senator from Vermont and the amendment of
the Senator from Oregon will not prevail. The
honorable Senator from Vermont seems to be
under the apprehension that we are going to
have a steamship monopoly. I wish, for the
honor of this country, we could say that wo had
one. A monopoly, Mr. President, exists now ;
our whole transit trade and our mails are
monopolized by British ships. That is where
the monopoly lies ; and how have they obtained
that monopoly? Not by the postages to which
the honorable Senator refers, but in the first
place by large subsidies, tili their ships num-
ber enough almost in length to make a raft
across the Atlantic ocean. By the subsidies of
that nation and by the mail privileges which
they have, they have become enabled to make
a monopoly of the carrying trade of the sea.
Sir, to break up that monopoly this effort is
made to establish this line; and with what ?
With no subsidy, with nothing but the simple
earnings of the line; and when it is proposed
that the trans-Atlantic mails of the United
States shall pay for carrying themselves, the
honorable Senator from Vermont sees a mo-
nopoly in it.
Sir, we are now paying hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars a year for carrying the mails
to British capitalists and British ship-owners,
and no w when we come here and ask to estab-
lish a iine of our own ships under our own flag,
the honorable Senator is afraid of a monopoly I
Sir, I take it this Government would be willing
to make such a contract to-day generally, and
by it we could save millions. If all the mails
of the United States, internal and external,
could be carried for the postages, I repeat the
Government would save millions. Now, with
our waning eommcrce as it is, when this attempt
is made by simply paying the postages upon
the letters and packages they carry to establish
an American line, I wonder that we meet
objection here from as wise men as the honor-
able Senator from Vermont. If the postage
earned shall amount to $600,000 let them have
it. I wish there was something done to drive
every British ship from our shores that carries
our mails and takes our money from us. We
have the amount of postage receipts from the
honorable chairman of the Post Office Com-
mittee, and it shows that there is no probability
that in ten years they will reach the maximum
here fixed ; but if they do let the sum go to
this line, and it will add to the character, the
dignity, and the importance of this nation, for
the more they get the better ships they can
build.
The honorable Senator from Vermont is
almost always right in figures ; and whenever
1 differ from him in regard to figures I think I
am wrong till I look at the papers. The other
day we insisted upon it that these vessels should
be three thousand tons, nothing less. Now, sir,
there is but one vessel in the whole number
engaged in carrying the American mails in
British ships that amounts to three thousand
tons—only one. Some of them are as low as
two thousand, twenty-three hundred, twenty-
four hundred, twenty-five hundred, twenty-six
hundred tons ; so they range along. My honor-
able friend is willing that the mails should be
carried on British ships of inferior size ; but
so apprehensive seems he to be that our flag
shall again regain its influence upon the sea
and our seamanship be exhibited that he wants
even larger ships to start with than the British
have.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I withdraw
my amendment, and accept the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Oregon.
Mr. HARLAN. I withdraw mine.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the amendment
of the Senator from Oregon will be entirely
satisfactory. That is if the postages ever come
up in any one year to $600,000 they get that
Sam, and there is no average about it.
Mr. CORBETT. I move to amend the bill
by adding to the third section :
And provided further. That such postages shall not
exceed &600,u00 per annum alter the discontinuance
of said inland postages.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suppose,
by common consent, all the places in the bill
where the word "twenty" occurs will be
stricken out, and the word "ten" inserted
before "years," agreeably to the previous
vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That will
be done to make the bill conform to the action
already had.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I should like
to strike out some of the nonsense in the bill.
In the fifth section it provides that they " shall
mount an armament, if required, of two guns
each ;" all these vessels always have two guns
to fire salutes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It will not do any
harm.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is no sort
of consequence. I think the whole section
might as well be stricken out. It provides
also for " one apprentice to bo instructed in
engineering and seamanship."
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Ver-
mont had a bill the other day which said that
it should not be a precedent for other bills. 1
objected to that clause and wanted it stricken
out; but he would not have it stricken out,.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
insert this proviso at the end of the second
section:
And provided, That tho average rnto of spood of
tho steamships of the said Navigation Company shall
not bo less than that of tho stoamships of other lines
upon tho same or similar routes; and if fortlio [.pace
of three months the trips successively of tho stoam-
ships of said company shall be made in longer timo
than that employed by other stoamships as aforesaid,
then any contract made under tho piovisions of this
not shall coaso and determine at the pleasure of the
Government of the United Ktates.
I take it there is no objection to that.
Mr. POMUROY. The only objection Ihave
to it is that it looks as if wo wore advertising
to all nations that we are going to have a race
across the ocean with them.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Not at all.
Mr. POMEROY. I say it has that look.
Mr. FREL1NGHUYSEN. If I understand
the amendment, it seems to me it is very ob-
jectionable. The suggestion made by the
Senator from Kansas that it is encouraging
racing across tho ocean is a good objection.
The whole subject will bo under the control
of the Department as the bill stands.
Mr. POMEROY. In the western waters
some years ago when boats undertook to go
very fast and race with each other a great
many blew up.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If we are to
have a largo contract of this kind we do not
want to make it without the power to term-
inate it provided the other party does not per-
form it according to its stipulations. All that
is stipulated here is that they shall average
the rate of speed of other vessels engaged upon
similar routes, and if for the space of three
months they fail to do that, we can then term-
inate the contract without paying damages.
That is all the proposition is. Is it to be sup-
posed that if we have steamers that are at all
equal to those of other companies, they can
fail for twelve successive voyages, that is for
three months, once each week? The thing is
absurd ; but unless there is a provision of this
kind they may go on and perform the service
in fourteen or fifteen days, aud yet the Gov-
ernment have no power to terminate the con-
tract.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
ask if it is not equally absurd to suppose that
an American line of steamers will run in less
time than a foreign line ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. They do.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mom*
ing hour having expired, the Chair must call
up the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. NYE. I hope we shall a vote on this
bill.
Mr. POMEROY. Let the unfinished busi-
ness be laid aside for a few minutes.
Mr. CONNESS. I apprehend there is no
chance of getting this bill through in a few
minutes. If Senators are going to oppose such
a provision as that which has been offered by
the Senator from Vermont to this bill it is
time to discuss it.
Mr. POMEROY. I shall make no further
remarks on the subject.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to be heard on
this proposition. That an average amount of
speed such as is made by other lines shall not
be secured on this line seems to me very
absurd.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday may be passed over
if there be no objection.
Mr. CONNESS. Let it go over for a little
while.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
hears no objection ; and the unfinished busi-
ness will be passed over, and the consideration
of House bill No. 939 continued. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I had sup-
posed that this was fairly agreed upon. I with-
drew my other amendment on that understand-
ing. I so understood it in conference with the
Senator from Kansas. Now, if there be an
opposition raised here to this provision, which
is manifestly proper, I shall feel at liberty to
propose any amendments.
Mr. CONKLING. Is there opposition to it?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I understand
that there is.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to under-
stand from the Senator from Kansas whether
there is any objection to this amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. I shall make no objec-
tion.
Mr. CONKLING. I understand there is
no objection.
The ameudment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in.
national capital life insurance company.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
am instructed by the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia to report a bill which merely
adds a single word to an act heretofore passed,
by way of correction. I hope it will be con-
sidered now.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 hope not. I hope we
shall go on with the unfinished business. It
has been postponed for a week for almost
everything.
Mr. CONKLING. I understand this is a
mere formal matter which can take but a mo-
ment. It is to change a single word in a bill.
Mr. CONNESS. A bill already passed?
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir. It is merely
to correct a verbal mistake.
^ Mr. PATIERSON, of New Hampshire. It
is merely to add one word to a bill already
passed. J
Mr. CONNESS. I have no objection.
By unanimous consent the bill IS. No. 642)
amend charter of the National Capital
Lite Insurance Company was read three times,
and passed. It proposes to change the title
oi the act entitled "An act to incorporate
the JNational Capital Insurance Company,"
approved March 2, 1867, to "An act to incor-
porate the National Capital Life Insurance
Company."
executive business.
Mr. CORBETT. _ I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive bus-
iness. 1 desire to slate upon that motion, that
there are a fare number of nominations to some
very important offices, revenue offices and oth-
