1276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
will reduce the pay of the men employed there
to $1 66 a day.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The com-
mittee thought that there was a larger number
of drawkeepers employed there than is neces-
sary. We do not propose to decrease the pay,
but to reduce the number.
Mr. LOGAN. This amendment does not
say so.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It appro-
priates a certain amount for this purpose
which the committee think iS quite sufficient!
ihc committee did not think that so large a
number of them was necessary to take care of
the draws.
Mr. LOGAN. Then I suggest that the
number be diminished, because, under this
amendment, the same number of men will be
retained but their pay will be reduced.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That will
depend on the party having the matter in
charge. The committee thought it advisable
to appropriate a given amount for the purpose
of carrying out the object.
Mr. LOGAN. Their pay will be cut down
to $1 66 a day, while the pay of others simi-
larly employed is two dollars a day. You
ought to mention the number that shall be
employed.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentlemaa sug-
gest any amendment to be received by unan-
mous consent?
Mr. LOGAN. I do not; I merely call atten-
tion to the reduction. I do not know what
amendment I could offer. I only desire that
they shall be paid the same amount they have
received heretofore.
The amendment was agreed to.
Thirtieth amendment:
Strike out "$100,000" and insert "$40,000" in fol-
lowing clause:
For publishing the laws in pamphletfoim and in
newspapers of the States and Territories and in the
city of Washington, &100.000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Thirty-first amendment:
Insert "rent" after "fuel" in following clause,
under heading "For the general purposes of the
building occupied by the State Department:"
For contingent expenses of said building, namely,
for fuel, lights, repairs, and miscellaneous expenses,
810,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Thirty-second amendment:
In same clause strike out " $10,000" and insert
"$25,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Thirty-third amendment:
Add to clause relating to Bureau of Internal Rev-
enue the following:
Provided, That, until a solicitor is appointed in
accordance with law no part of the moneys hereby
appropriated shall be applied in payment of services
properly pertaining to such office.
The amendment was agreed to.
Thirty-fourth amendment:
Strike out " and sub-Treasuries" in the following
clause:
For furniture, carpets, and miscellaneous items for
the Treasury bureaus and sub-Treasuries, $35,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Thirty-fifth and thirty-sixth amendments:
Strike out "additional" and insert "temporary;''
also strike out" per acts of April 7 and July 23,1866,
in the following clause:
For additional clerks in the Pension Office, per acts
of April 7 and July 23,1866, $20,000.
The amendments were agreed to.
Thirty-seventh amendment:
Strikeout "$22,000" and insert "$40,000" in the
following clause:
Office of the Commissioner of Pensions:
For stationery engraving, and retouching plates
for bounty land-warrants, printing and binding the
same, office furniture, and repairing tho same, ana
miscellaneous items, including two daily newspa-
pers. to be filed, bound, and preserved for the use
of the office, and for detection and investigation of
fraud, $22,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Thirty-eighth amendment:
Strike out the following:
For enabling the Secretary of the Interior to rent
such rooms in the vicinity of the Department, for the
use of the Pension Office, as may be deemed neces-
sary for tho transaction of business of that office,
from November 1,18(57, to June 30,1869, $3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The thirty-ninth amendment was merely
verbal, and was agreed to.
Fortieth amendment:
Insert in the portion of the bill relating to "office
of Paymaster General" the following:
Forthreeclerksofclassthree,authorized byclause
in the act of February 25,1803, $4,800: Provided, That
said clcrks shall not be continued after the 30th of
June, A. D. 1869.
The amendment was agreed to.
The forty-first amendment was merely ver-
bal, and was agreed to.
Forty-second amendment:
Strike out " $6,-100" and insert "$5,600" in the fol-
lowing clausc under the heading "office of Commis-
sary General:"
For lour clerks of class two, $6,400.
The amendment was agreed to.
The forty-third amendment was merely verbal,
and was agreed to.
Forty fourth amendment.
Strike out tho following:
Signal Office:
For two clerks of class two, $2,800.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Thisamend-
ment was moved in Committee of the Whole
by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Coburn.]
1 have here a letter from the otlicer in charge
of the Signal Oilice, indorsed by General Grant,
in which it is stated that this appropriation is
absolutely necessary. The War Department
is furnishing these signals to all the different
Departments of the Government, and a very
large amount of work has accumulated and it
is necessary to have this appropriation. The
gentleman from Indiana has read the corre-
spondence to which I have referred, and I
think he is now satisfied this amendment should
not be made.
Mr. COBURN. The correspondence is sat-
isfactory to me.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The hour of the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Wasiibuiine] has now
expired. If there is no objection his time will
be extended so as to allow him to explain any
amendment when necessary.
No objection was made.
Forty-fifth amendment:
Strike out "^7,500" and insert "$15,000" in tho fol-
lowing clause:
Office of the Paymaster General:
For blank books, stationery, binding, and miscel-
laneous items, $7,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Forty-sixth amendment:
Strike out "four" and insert "six" before the
words "clcrks of the fourth class" in tho following
clause:
For compensation of the Assistant Secretary of the
Navy, $3,5U(); chief clerk, &2,20U; one fourth-class
clerk, (also as disbursing clerkj ^2,000; four clerks
of tho fourth class, kc.
The amendment was agreed to.
Forty-seventh amendment:
On page 31 strike out in lines seven hundred and
fifty-eight and seven hundred and fifty-nine the
woids " three clerks of the first class, $3,600."
The amendment was agreed to.
Forty-eighth amendment:
On page 32 strike out in line seven hundred and
sixty-one tho words "seven hundred and twenty"
and insert in lieu thereof the words " eight hundred
and forty."
The amendment was agreed to.
Forty-ninth amendment:
On page 33 strike out the following:
For compensation of the chief of the Bureau of
Construction and Kepair, b3,500; chief clerk $1,800;
one draughtsman, $1,400; five clerks of the second
class, $7,000; one clerk of the first class, $1,200; one
messenger, $1,000; one laborer, $720,
And insert in lieu thereof the following:
For compensation of the chief of the Bureau of
Construction and Repair, $3,500; chief clerk, $1,800:
one draughtsman, a?l,400; one clcrk of class four,
two clerks of class three, and two clerks of class two,
$7,800; one messenger, $1,000; one laborer, $720.
The amendment was agreed to.
Fiftieth amendment:
On pago 36, in line eight hundred and sixty-nine,
insert after the word "thousand" the word "dol-
lars."
The amendment was agreed to.
Fifty-first amendment.
On page 36, after line eight hundred and seventy-
three, insert the following paragraph:
For twenty-five clerks in dead-letter office, under
act of July 21,1862, $20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Fifty-second amendment:
On page 37, at the end of line eight hundred and
ninety-nine, insert the following:
Statistician, $2,000; assistant chemist, $1,600; as-
sistant superintendent of experimental garden and
grounds, $1,200; assistant superintendent of seed-
room, $1,200: disbursing clerk $1,800.
The amendment was agreed to.
Fifty-third amendment:
On page 37, in line nine hundred and two, strike
out " six" and insert "ten;" so as to make tho para-
graph read as follows:
Agricultural statistics:
For collecting statistics and material for annual
report, $10,000: Provided, That hereafter the accounts
of the Agricultural Department shall be audited by
the Fifth Auditor of the Treasury Department.
The amendment was agreed to.
Fifty-fourth amendment:
On page 39, at the end of line nine hundred and
forty-five, insert "and fifty;" so as to make the
paragraph read:
I?or wages of workmen and adjusters, $150,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Fifty-fifth amendment:
On the same page, after the word "wastage," in
line nine hundred and forty-eight, strike out the
words "in addition to available profits;" so as to
make the paragraph read as follows:
For incidental and contingent expenses, repairs,
and wastage, $50,000: Provided, That hereafter all
tho "available profits" oi' the United States Mint
and branches shall be covered into the Treasury.
Fifty-sixth amendment:
In the same line strike out "fifty" and insert
"eighty," so as to make the appropriation $80,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Fifty-seventh amendment*
On page 39, at the end of line nine hundred and
fifty-one, insert the words " to be expended only by
a specific appropriation;" so as to make the para-
graph read:
For incidental and contingent expenses,' repairs,
and wastage, $80,000: Provided, That hereafter all
the "available piofits" of the United States Mint
and branches shall be covered into the Treasury, to
be expended only by a specific appropriation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Fifty-eighth amendment:
On page 46, after the word "expenses," in line
eleven hundred and twenty-three, insert the words
of the Assembly;" so as to make the paragraph
read:
For compensation and mileage of the members of
the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and con-
tingent expenses of the Assembly, $20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Fifty-ninth amendment:
# On the same page, at the end of same paragraph,
insertthe words, "Prodded, That the several amounts
herein appropriated for the expenses of the Legis-
lative Assemblies shall only be expended in payment
lor biennial sessions after the 1st of July next.''
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to he
engrossed for a third reading • and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
The question being on the passage of the
bill,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for
the previous question.
1 he previous question was seconded and the
mam question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was pass*M.
Mr. WAbHBUiiNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed: and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. WASHBUIINE, of Illinois. I rise to
move that the rales be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
i'hole on the state of the Union, to proceed
to^tlie consideration of the Array appropriation
The SPEAKER. It is the duty of theChair
to state that the morning hour would now com-
