242
SUPPLEMENT TO
draw that and take one which covers the same
points, but is much shorter, which has been
drawn up by one of my associates.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the offer to prove now made by the hon-
orable Managers.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
The defendant's counsel having produced from the
flies of tho Post Office department a part of the rec-
ord showing the alleged causes for tho suspension of
Foster Blodeett as deputy postmaster at Augusta,
Georgia, we nowproposo to give in evidenco the res-
idue of said record, including tho papers on iiie in
the said case, for the purpose of showing: the whole
of the ease as the same was presented to the Post-
master General before and at the timcof the suspen-
sion of the said Blodgett.
Mr. EVARTS. Our objection to that offer,
as we have already stated, is that it does not
present correctly the relation of the papers.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
will submit the question to the Senate, The
original offer to prove has been withdrawn.
The offer which has just been read has been
substituted. Senators, you who are of opinion
that the evidence now proposed to be offered
should be received will say ay ; contrary opin-
ion no. [Puttingthcquestion.] Tho noes have
it. The evidence is not received.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 should like to have the
yeas and nays on that, if not too late.
The CHIEF J USTICE. It is too late. If
there be 110 objection, however, the Chief Jus-
tice will again pnt the question on taking_the
yeas and nays. There seems to be no objection.
Mr. CAMERON. I object.
Mr. Manager BUTLER, (tothewitness.) Mr.
Randall, I have been informed that you desire
to make some statement about this removal.
If it dues not put in anything that the Presi-
dent said or anybody else I shall not object.
The Witness. I expressed to a gentleman
this morning a wish to explain the circumstances
under which I made this suspension. It was
one of those eases which there is no provision
of law to meet, like several others that we have,
and one that I passed upon this last week. The
copy of this indictment was brought to me, and
tho district attorney at the same time ov about
the same time, soon afterward at any rate,
came to me anil made statements of the cir-
cumstances under which it was found. Under
the tenure-ol-ollice law, if wo acted under that,
the President would have 110 power, as I un-
derstood it, to suspend any ollieor during the
session of the Senate. The only thing he could
do would be to send up the name of some man
in his place, removing Mr. Blodgett. It oc-
curred to me that this violation of the law by
Mr. Blodgett might be merely a technical vio-
lation of the law. If it was a technical viola-
tion of the law—I am telling now what my
reasoning was on tho subject—if it was true
that he was forced into the rebel service and
got out of it as soon as he could, and this vio-
lation of the oath of office law, in taking that
oath was merely a technical violation for which
he was indicted, I did not want him turned out;
and for that reason I took the responsibility
of doing this thing, of making this suspension
and puttinguspecial agent in temporary charge
of the ollice until wc could ascertain more fully
what the facts were in the ease and what action
ought to be taken. Those are the circumstances
under which this thing was done.
By Mr. Manager Butler :
Question. Why did you not report it to tho
President for his action?
Answer. I told the President what I had
done.
Question. When?
Answer. Afterward ; as I stated before.
Question. Why did you not report it before
you undertook to take the responsibility. Did
you not suppose he would turn him out?
Answer. Because the only thing he could do,
if he did anything, was to send to the Senate
some other nomination, turning this man out.
Question. That is to say, if I understand
you, following the law, the only thing he could
do was to send to the Senate the name of some-
body in place of this man, removed ; and you
thought, breaking the law, you could do some-
thing better?
Answer. I do not put it in any such shape
as that. I stated it just exactly as it occurred.
I did not want the man turned out if this was
a mere technical violation of the law 011 which
he was indicted, and if he was an honest man.
That was the reason I was disposed to ascer-
tain the facts. It may have been a technical
violation of the law ; but I assumed the doing
of it for the purpose of not having an act oi
injustice done to him if he was an honest man.
Question. Was the Senate in session on the
3d of January last?
Answer. 1 cannot tell you whether it was in
session on that day or not.
Question. Was there not a recess?
Answer. There may have been ; I do not
remember now.
Question. Then the reason that the Senate
was in session did not apply to the ease?
Anstoer. I considered the Senate in session.
I do not look upon arecess for two or three or
five days as a recess of the Senate, in the sense
of the Constitution. I do not remember whether
the Senate was actually in session on that par-
ticular day.*
Question. You deemed it to be in session,
and you treated it as if in session?
Answer. I considered the session as con-
tinuing.
Mr. Manager B UTLER. That is all.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 should like to ask a ques-
tion of the witness. I will reduce it to writing.
The Witness. One suggestion I forgot to
make which I wish to mention. The reason
why something was not further done in the
case is that 1 was trying to get information on
this subject, and then this trouble began, and
this case has lain long without any intention to
delay it, and no further action luis been had.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. By trouble you
mean the impeachment, I suppose?
The Witness. Yes, sir; I had no time to
have copies made, but I have brought here the
original papers which were tiled at the time he
was appointed. I did not know whether you
would want them.
Mr. Manager BUTLElt. No, sir ; I do not
want to see them.
The CHIEF J USTICE. The question pro-
posed by the Senator from California has been
submitted in writing, and will be read by the
Secretary.
The question propounded by Mr. Connkss
was read, as follows:
Have you ever taken any step since your act sus-
pending Foster liludgott in fuitlicr investigation of
his caso?
Answer. Yes,sir; in trying to secure informa-
tion. There is considerable information among
the papers here 011 the subject.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. That is what we
offered to put in.
Tho Witness. Beyond what yon offered to
put in.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I only offered one
thing at a time. We have no more questions
to ask the witness.
Mr. CURTIS. Nor we.
Mr. Manager BUTLER, I now offer, Mr.
President, an official copy of the order creating
the military department of the Atlantic, and
putting General Sherman into charge of it.
Mr. EVARTS. What does that rebut? I
am not aware that we have given any evidence
011 that subject.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I)o you object ?
Mr. EVARTS. We do, unless it is relevant
and rebutting. I do not recall any evidence
that we have given concerning the department
of the Atlantic.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. It is put in to show
part of the action of the President at tho same
time, on the same day that he restored General
Thomas. That date was not fixed until after
General Thomas came on to the stand. The
object is to show what was done militarily on
that same day. That is the reason why it is
put in.
Mr. EVARTS. I do not sec any connec-
tion with General Thomas's testimony. The
only connection the honorable Manager states
is that he learned from General Thomas when
he was restored, as if he did not know that
before. It was all public when he was re-
stored. It does not connect itself at all with
any evidence we have produced. If it is put
on the ground that it was forgotten or over-
looked, that is another matter ; but to bring it
in as rebutting is a consideration which we
cannot consider well suggested.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Mr. President,
when I speak of learning a thing in the trial
of a cause I mean learning it in the course of
the evidence during the trial, not what I know
in the country from the newspapers, because
they are not always the best sources of knowl-
edge. I say that General Thomas testifies thai
on the 13th of February the President niadi
an order that he should be restored to his po-
sition as Adjutant General. That was fixed by
his testimony; it was not fixed before. That,
was an order given on the 13 th to General Grant,
which was not published, a private letter or
order. Now, I want to show that on that same
day, or the day before, this new military division
was made here, and General Sherman ordered
to the command of it, showing the acts of the
President at or about the same time. The
presiding officer has so well told us heretofore
the competency of the acts of a party about
the same time as being a part of the res f/estce,
and the Senate has so often allowed testimony
to coino in to that effect, that I cannot con-
ceive why this cannot be competent. It is
part of the things done by the President 011 the
same day, or the day before Thomas was re-
stored. I do not mean to say a word on the
question whether it is rebutting: I do not
understand that that rule belongs here.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. On the part of the
honorable Managers, it is proposed to give in
evidence an order establishing the department
of the Atlantic. The Chief Justice will sub-
mit the question to tho Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY'. Iaskfortheyeasanduays.
The ypas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUCK ALE W. Mr. President, I ask
for the reading of a question submitted to Gen-
eral Sherman by the counsel for the defense in
reference to this very matter. If our Clerk
will turn to the record he will lind that a question
was put to General Sherman as to the estab-
lishment of the department of the Atlantic,
which was ruled out.
The CHIEF J USTICE. The Secretary will
read the question referred to.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. We shall not trouble
the Senate. This being a matter of public
document, I suppose we can refer to it in the
argument. Wo withdraw the offer.
The CHIEF J USTICE. The offer to prove
made by the honorable Managers is withdrawn.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I have now, Mr.
President and Senators, a list prepared as care-
fully as we were able to prepare it in the time
given us, from the laws, of the various officers
in the United States who would be affected by
the President's claim here of a right to remove
at pleasure. That is to say, if he can remove
at pleasure and appoint ad interim, this is a
list "of officers taken from the laws, with their
salaries, being a correlative list to that put in
by the counsel, showing the number of officers
and the amount of salaries which would be
affected by the President. In order to bring
it before the Senate I will read the recapitula-
tion only thus:
"In the Navy, War, State, Interior, Post Office,
Attorney General, Agiiculture, Education, and
Treasury, the officers are 41,G5S;__the grand total 01
their emoluments is §21,180,730 87 a year.'
I propose that the same course shall be taken
with this as with the like schedule, this being
a compilation from the laws, that it be printed
as part of the proceedings.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Is there any objec-
tion ?
Mr. EVARTS. If it shows what it is there
is no objection.
The document is as follows :
