3324
THI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
No. 496) granting a pension to Riley H. Smith
was read the second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. The Secretary
of the Interior is directed by the bill to place
upon the pension-roll, subject to the provis-
ions and limitations of the pension laws, the
name of Riley H. Smith, late a private in com-
pany D, third regiment West Virginia cavalry
volunteers, and allow and pay him a pension
at the rate of fifteen dollars per month, from
the 6th of June, 1866, to continue during his
natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
catharine wands.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 497.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 497) for the relief of Catharine Wands
Was read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It directs the Sec-
retary of the Interior to allow and pay to Cath-
arine Wands, mother of John Wands, late a
private in company I, seventh regiment New
York heavy artillery volunteers, now on the
pension-roll, her pension from the 3d of June,
1864, the date of her son's death, until the
22d of January, 1868, on which date her pres-
ent pension commenced.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third lime, and passed.
anna m. iiowakd.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 498.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 498) granting a pension to Anna M. How-
ard was read the second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It authorizes
the Secretary of the Interior to place upon the
pension-roll, subject to the provisions and limit-
ations of the pension laws, the name of Anna
M. Howard, mother of George W. Howard,
late a private in company C, eleventh regiment
New Jersey volunteers, and allow and pay her
a pension at the rate of eight dollars per month
from the 12th of February, 1864, to continue
during her widowhood.
The bill was teported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 450)
relative to filing reports of railroad companies,
with an amendment, in which the concurrence
of the Senate was requested.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 1035) authorizing
the Manufacturers' National Bank of New
York to change its location; and a bill (H. R.
No. 1282) authorizing certain banks named
therein to change their names, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
representation of arkansas veto. '
The message further announced that the
President of the United States having returned
with his objections the bill (H. R. No. 1039)
to admit the State of Arkansas to representa-
tion in Congress, to the House of Representa-
tives, in which House it originated, the House
had, in conformity with the Constitution, pro-
ceeded to reconsider the bill, and having passed
the same by a two-thirds vote, the objections
of the President to the contrary notwithstand-
ing, transmitted it, with the President's objec-
tions, to the Senate.
martin wiiitt.
Mr.'VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 499.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
499) granting a pension to the widow and child
of Martin Whitt, deceased, was read the second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It is a direction to the Secretary of
the Interior to place on the pension-roll, sub-
ject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws, the name of Margaret Whitt,
widow of Martin Whitt, late a private in com-
pany B, fourth regiment Kentucky volunteers,
and to allow and pay her a pension at the rate
of eight dollars per month for herself during
widowhood, and two dollars per month for the
child of Martin Whitt until it shall attain the
age of sixteen years, commencing September
19, 1863.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
lucinda r. johnson.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move to take up
for consideration Senate bill No. 500.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill
(S. No. 600) granting a pension to Lucinda R.
Johnson was read the second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to direct the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place upon the pension -roll, subject to
the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Lucinda R. Johnson, widow
of Doctor Bluford Johnson, of Illinois, late a
contract surgeon in the military service of the
United States, and to pay her a pension at the
rate of seventeen dollars per month, to com-
mence March 7, 1865, and to continue during
her widowhood.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
harriet w. pond.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that we pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
501.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 501) granting a pension to Harriet W.-
Pond was read the second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole: It is a direc-
tion to the Secretary of the Interior to place
on the pension-roll the name of Harriet W.
Pond, wife of Pond, formerly Harriet
W. Stinson, and to allow and pay to her as in
her own right, and not subject to the claim or
control of her husband, a pension at the rate
of seventeen dollars per month, to commence
on the 21st day of August, 1864, and to con-
tinue during her natural life.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. There are some pecu-
liarities about this bill, which, as it is an
original Senate bill, I think it proper to bring
to the notice of the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. Let it go; I understand
all about it.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. If no explanation is
desired, very well.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
julia whistler.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate .bill
No. 516.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 516) granting a pension to Julia Whistler
was read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to place
on the pension-roll, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, the name
of Julia Whistler, widow of William Whistler,
late a colouel in the United States Army, at
the rate of thirty dollars per month, to com-
mence December 3, 1863, and to continue
during her widowhood.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
henry brown.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move now to pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
517.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 517) granting a pension to the widow and
children of Henry Brown, was read the sec-
ond time, and considered as in- Committee of
the Whole. It is a direction to the Secretary
of the Interior to place on the pension-roll,
subject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws, the names of Rehma Brown, the
widow, and Nancy J., Alvey F., Sarah C., and
Henry, children under sixteen years of age of
Henry Brown, late a private in company K,
tenth regiment Tennessee cavalry volunteers,
and to pay her a pension at the rate of eight
dollars per month during widowhood, and two
dollars per month for each of the children,
until they shall attain the age of sixteen years,
commencing January 31, 1864.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
john p. petty.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move now to take
up for consideration Senate bill No. 518.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 518) granting a pension to the widow and
child of John P. Fetty was read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Secretary of the Interior, under its pro-
visions, is to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the names of Fannie Fetty, the widow,
and Ethel May Fetty, child under sixteen years
of age, of John P. Fetty, late a private in com-
pany I, fourteenth regiment West Virginia
infantry volunteers, and to pay her a pension
at the rate of eight dollars per month for her-
self during widowhood, and two dollars per
month for the child until she shall attain the
age of sixteen years, commencing October 31,
1864.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed lor a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
emma m. moore.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move to take up
for consideration Senate bill No. 519.
The motion was agreed to 4 and the bill (S.
No. 519) granting a pension to Mrs. Emma
M. Moore was read the second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. By
its terms the Secretary of the Interior is to
place upon the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Mrs. Emma M. Moore, widow of
Edwin W. Moore, and to pay her a pension at
the rate of thirty dollars per month, from the
5th day of October, 1865, during her widow-
hood.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move to amend
the bill by striking out "thirty dollars," in
the seventh line, and inserting " twenty-five
dollars."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. This, Mr. President,
is also a peculiar case; but as the Senator from
Kansas says he knows all about it, I shall not
explain it unless an explanation is asked for
by some Senator.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading,' and it was read the third time,
and passed.
martha stout.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move to take up
next for consideration Senate bill No. 520.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 520) granting a pension to Martha Stout
was read the second time, andconsidered®as in
Committee of the Whole. The Secretary of
the Interior is to place on the pension-roll, sub-
ject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws, thenameof Martha Stout, widow
of Tinson Stout, late a private in the Daviess
county company of home guards, Kentucky
militia, and to pay her a pension at the rate
of eight dollars per month, to commence on
the 11th day of August, 18G4, and to continue
during her widowhood.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
