1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1272
mence if the House should not go into the
Committee of the Whole. *
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
House will agree to waive the business of the
morning hour.
_ Mr. FLANDERS. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a moment that I may present a
resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Very well.
REGISTRATION OF VOTERS IN TERRITORIES.
Mr. FLANDERS, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Reftoluc.fl, That the Committee on Territories be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of provid-
ing by law for a uniform system of registration of the
legal voters in all the Territories of the Unitod
States, and that said committee bo instructed to re-
port by bill or otherwise.
EGYPTIAN LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY.
The SPEAKER laid before the House, by
unanimous consent, a translation forwarded
by the United States consul general at Egypt
of the rules and orders of the first Legislative
Assembly over held in Egypt—a communica-
tion brief and novel in its character; which
was referred to the Committee on the Rules,
and ordered to be printed.
lkave of absence.
Mr. McCarthy was granted leave of absence
for three days.
ARMY APPROPRIATION RILL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the rules be suspended, and the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on the Army appro-
priation bill.
The SPEAKER. It is the duty of the Chair
to state that if the House does not go into
committee the morning hour will commence
for reports from committees.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
02, noes 86.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania, de-
manded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Williams and
Mr. Phelps were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 68, noes 80.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Washbuka, of Wisconsin, in
the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration
'of the special order, being House bill No. 058,
making appropriations foi the support of the
Army for the year ending June 30, 1809, and
for other purposes.
• The bill was read in extenso a first time for
information.
The bill was then read by paragraphs for
amendment.
The Clerk read as follows :
For expenses of recruiting and transportation of
recruits, $100,000.
Mr. DODGE. I move to increase that to
8150,000, and I do so for the purpose of ask-
ing the committee who have this bill in charge
upon what ground they have placed the reduc-
tion here made? I should like to know the
ground upon which they placed their action.
Mr. BLAINE. On the ground of the figures
that came to us from the General of the Army.
They have been made in accordance with the
specific recommendation of General Grant. 1
suppose that is sufficient.
Mr. WOOD. I should like to ask the gen-
tleman who reports this bill whether any por-
tion of the amount proposed to be appropriated
by this bill, making an aggregate of over thirty-
three million dollars, is for the purpose of
reconstruction in the southern States; and
also whether this amount of $33,OtK>,000 is to
be appropriated on the recommendation ot the
General of the Army, without any details by
which the House may be instructed whether
this expense is necessary or not?
Mr. BLAINE. I cannot hear the gentle-
man or I would be glad to answer him.
Mr. WOOD. My question is, whether this
$33,000,000 it is here proposed to appropriate
for Army purposes is in addition to that appro-
priated for the five military departments ?
Mr. BLAINE. There has been nothing
appropriated for that purpose except by the
deficiency bill for the current fiscal year. This
is for the expenses of the Army for the ensu-
ing fiscal year. There is no specific appro-
priation for reconstruction otherwise than as
pay for the troops in those States, and they
would bo paid if they were elsewhere.
Mr. WOOD. Another question. I wish to
know whether 1 understood him to say that the
amount called for by this bill is the amount
recommended by General Grant?
Mr. BLAINE. Yes, sir.
Mr. WOOD. Does he consider that is a dispo-
sition toward economy in expending $03,000,-
000 at a lime of profound peace for one depart-
ment of the Government?
Mr. BLAINE. I have to say in reply to the
gentleman from New York, so far as the ques-
tion of the extravagant cost of the Army and
its reduction is concerned, it will be brought
before this House on a proposition for its
gradual and immediate reduction.
So far as the support of the present Army
goes, 1 wish to remind the gentleman from
New York there has never been a time any-
thing like the economy or like the small sum
has been asked for as is now asked by General
Grant.
I have further to say—and in this I am only
repeating what I said a few days since—that
there is little more than half a million dollars
appiopiiated for a regiment by this bill,
whereas the old Army almost uniformly eopt a
million or more for a regiment: and J do not
make any allowance for the difference between
currency and gold. It used to be a million in
gold : now it is only half a million in paper.
Mr. V, 001). Do I understand the gentle-
man from Maine to say that in time of peace
at any time in the history of this Government
before 1801 $83,000,000 have been called for
to support the Army alone?
Mr. BLAINE. 1 have this to say: before
the war there was $25,000,000 asked for the
Army consisting of nineteen regiments, while
to-day there is 832,000.000 asked for the Army
consisting of sixty regiments.
Mr. WOOD. Then I am right; this is the
largest sum ever asked for.
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman is right, also,
in saying that a regiment under the Demo-
cratic administration preceding the war cost
more than double in gold what it costs now
under General Grant in paper.
Mr. WOOD. We will see as to that when
the debate goes on.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I call the
attention of the gentleman from Maine to the
estimate that is placed on our tables, which is
evidently unfair to the House, inasmuch as
General Grant has revised it. Why have we
not had the revised estimate printed?
Mr. BLAINE. If the gentleman at the time
this additional revised estimate was sent to the
Committee on Appropriations by order of the
House had asked for its printing it would un-
doubtedly have been done. I do not see any
special advantage in having it printed, because
it is now printed in the bill which members
have had laid on their desks.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Tf the com-
mittee wished to deal fairly with the House
they would have had that estimate printed, and
not placed on our tables a false estimate.
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman is very loose
in his language or does not understand what it
means when he talks about the committee
dealing unfairly with the House in presenting
! a false estimate. In the regular estimates sent
| to the Treasury Department there was about
sixty-one mulion dollars proposed for the Army.
It is well known that afterward General Grant
sent to this House a revised estimate in which
he cut down the expenses some twenty odd
million, and that was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, who have reported this bill
in express and literal compliance with the rec-
ommendation of General Grant. If the gen-
tleman thinks that fact can be made any more
manifest in print by being printed in one form
than another he is welcome to his assertion.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. The point
I make is this: that the printed estimate laid
on our tables differs very materially from the
estimate upon which this bill is based. The
gentleman says that members of the House
know that a new estimate was made. How do
we know it ? Perhaps we onght to know it,
but wo have had no estimate before us.
Mr. BLATNE. The gentleman will find it
here in the bill, which agrees with the revised
estimate.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Then the
gentleman says he has in his hands the written
estimate. I say it is unfair to the House.
Every member ought to have it.
Mr. BLAINE. What does the gentleman
propose to do about it?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I propose
to see that estimate.
Mr. BLAINE. Here yon have it.
Mr. DODGE. I withdraw the amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
For pay of the Army, $15,000,000: Provided, That
the expenditure of the money herein appropriated
shall be limited and controlled by the following con-
dition, namely: until the military force is reduced
to twenty-five regiments of infantry, seven regiments
of cavalry, and five regiments of artillery no new
commission shall be issued in any regiment except
to those who are by law entitled to appointments as
second lieutenants by graduation at tho United States
Military Academy; and the Secretary of War is
hereby directed to consolidate regiments as rapidly
as the requirements of tho public service and the
reduction in the number of officers will permit, until
the aforenamed minimum is reached. But this pro-
vision shall not be construed to deprive any officer
in commission of whatever promotion may be open
to him by the occurence of vacancies among his su-
periors in rank, such promotion, however, to be
always made so as to facilitate and not obstruct the
consolidation of regiments.
Mr. BLAINE. I propose to modify the pro-
viso to that scction.
Mr. PILE. I rise to a point of order. I
submit that that proviso is new legislation, and
is not in order in an appropriation bill.
Mr. BLAINE. I have no objection to that
proviso being stricken out on the point of
order, and then I will move to insert a differ-
ent proviso.
The CHAIRMAN. With the consent of the
committee, the proviso will be stricken out. ,
No objection was made, and the proviso was
stricken out.
Mr. BLAINE. I now move to insert the
following proviso:
Provided, That the expenditure of the money
herein appropriated shall be limited and controlled
by the following condition, namely: until otherwise
ordered by law no new commission shall be issued in
any regiment except to those who are entitled bylaw
to appointment as second lieutenants by graduation
at the United States Military Academy. But this
provision shall not be construed to deprive any offi-
cer of whatever promotion may be open to him by
the occurrence of vacancies among bis superiors in
rank.
I desire to make a brief statement to the
House. The House has voted once, I think,
with almost entire unanimity in favor of a re-
duction of the Army to a peace establishment,
both sides of the House vying with each other
in their unanimity in its favor. Now, the
Army can only be reduced in one of two ways.
We may wait and take no gradual measure tor
it until we reach a point where we have got to
muster out a very large number of officers en
masse. That' is a contingency which I do
not for one wish to see us come to. It is a
hard thing after a man has been commissioned
in the Army and has made all bis arrangements
for an army life, and cut himseif loose from
every other channel and aspect and prospect
of business, to have him mustered out. But
of course it must be done rather than keep up
an expensive military establishment. W e can-
not afford to run an army for anybody's ben-
efit, but we can strike the golden mean and
reduce the Army by simply stopping appoint-
ments. If there be no appointments made in
the Army from this time forward until Con-
gress shall otherwise direct, the Army will
