4350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 23,
less in resisting aggressions from other nations.
Shall we abandon the sure defense we have in
our merchant marine and fold our arms and
see every sail driven from the ocean? We
must wait th-e slow conclusions of regularity
and order; we must fight by rule; we must
first build a navy, and before we have com-
pleted it find ourselves as the Alabama found
us. No humiliation to our country has equaled
the Alabama question. In war retaliation
becomes at times a measure of the utmost
humanity, and the issuing of letters of marque
for reprisals has averted one war with Prance,
and the fear of them have kept off the strong
arm of jealous nations throughout our his-
tory as a nation. The Senator counsels us
to abandon this our strongest arm and come
an our defenseless condition to resist the attack
of well armed, hostile forces; or, for the sake of
regularity of proceedings, he would burden the
people with a great debt and great taxation to
maintain large standing armies and navies.
Prior to the civil war we could have armed
our merchant service with letters and have
banished British commerce from the ocean in
a short period. When the emergency came
what did we do? We lay upon our back, re-
fused, from a spirit akin to that which animates
the Senator, to make the only defensive arm we
had available, and saw, one after another,
every armed vessel driven from the sea, and
British shipping in their place. This was a
great blunder; yes, a great crime. Our remedy
gone, in deep humiliation we watched for the
conclusion of the war to wipe out the disgrace.
We could at one time have placed cannon
on every merchant vessel and swords in the
hands of our gallant tars, who would have
applied the simple law of self-preservation and
have saved us. We closed the war, and now
wait for measures that will in some degree
satisfy our wounded honor. And we have trea-
ties sent here and reasons adduced that enable
a fQreign Power to regulate for us our own cit-
izenship. What deeper humiliation than, first,
to permit the destruction of our property, then
the regulating of the political status of our
citizens ?
No grander spectacle has been presented
in the history of nations than the recent act
of Britain, when she extended her strong arm
in a remote quarter of the globe, in an
unknown country, with an uneven chance of
success, and at great expense, to protect and
cover from the kandsofa presumptuous Power
a few simple British subjects.
We have taken from Englishmen much of
our law and love for liberty. We acknowledge
our obligation. But, sir, this example which
die has set us in protecting the liberties of
British subjects from the aggressions of for-
eign Powers is deserving of greater praise
ottering than her whole past glorious contests
for constitutional law and liberty of the citizen.
Under the lead of the Senator from Massachu-
setts we cannot refuse to follow her glorious
example. God forbid!
The question has never been presented to us
as it is now presented. We have been remiss.
We have neglected onr duty to ourselves and to
those we invite to our shores. We have per-
mitted the little and the great to trample
under their feet our laws, and bid us defiance
time out of mind. When returned citizens of
the United States have been imprisoned and
punished for being such we remonstrate ; our
ministers have remonstrated. These remon-
strances, though constantly repeated, have
availed nothing. We come to-day and accept
the German version as to who is an American
citizen. How long would Great Britain per-
mit any Power to contravene her laws? An
American soldier, born in Germany, raised to
high r ink it may be, and in one year's service
becomes an American citizen, visits the land of
his birth and is arrested and compelled to work
out and sutler penalties that were attached to
a citizenship a portion of which perhaps was
while battling for our institutions. We were
weak when we declared war against Great Brit-
ain for violating the deck of American ships
in search of men deserting from theirs or men
subjects of hers. Did we ever abandon the
doctrine that the flag covers and protects the
deck and all thereon, as well as it covers and
protects the land and inhabitants throughout
its jurisdiction ? Certainly not; and we have
held that even a slave taken voluntarily by its
owner into a free State became thenceforth a
freeman. This even in the face of the all-
powerful negro aristocracy of the South who
then controlled our Government. Shall we
not accord to a free white Englishman or
Scotchman or Irishman or German as much?
Did these Powers not permit and encourage
their inhabitants to leave their jurisdiction?
Why should they when they return require
service from them ? Shame, sir, that we must
consent to give less to such citizens when we
have given it to the black men of the South;
and shame, double shame, on those Powers
who make terms and qualifications toward
those they have abandoned: but far deeper
shame 011 us for admitting any Power to regu-
late onr citizenship. Can a man hold any
divided allegiance ? Under our law, no.
Under our treaties for four years he may
exercise the privileges of a citizen of the United
States, and at the same time be a subject of a
foreign Power. A Power that voluntarily per-
mits its citizens to leave its jurisdiction, con-
serts to the jurisdiction of another Power, and
cannot compel his return from the second
Power , and when such person consents to the
abandonment of the^ane by the assumption of
the other he may return to the first-named
Power freed from all former political disabili-
ties. Though there may be among them men
owing military service, the last Power that
assumes final jurisdiction can never be required
to make such a discrimination, for it is mani-
festly absurd to ask one nation to aid in the
arrest of a deserter, or in the aid of restrict-
ive acts touching such person, for this would
be asking one nation to aid another in the exe-
cution of its laws. If a nation effects to pre-
vent its citizens from leaving its jurisdiction,
failing, it has no remedy as a Power too weak
to enforce its acts, may not call on another
for help, nor is such power entitled to hold as
a subject those it has 110 power over. If this
is not international law it is the law that this
people will stand by. It is the law of progress
and of necessity. It is the law of electricity
and of steam. No international law has yet
been written touching these now forces.
Can you stop the people of Europe from com-
ing to the rich inheritance here? We desire
it. These interests make the demand. Can
you consent that any restraint can be put on
one class of American citizens and withheld
from another by a foreign Government? Cer-
tainly not. It is a contradiction. It is not
practical. You may make treaties withdraw-
ing your rights and privileges of citizens
which our law has conferred toward those
who leave the country. It will avail nothing.
It will stand as long as the law which disfran-
chises deserters stands ; until it comes before
the courts. They say you must first convict
of crime ; desertion is no crime in times of
peace. Stamp a man with the full insignia of
an American citizen, and your honor, your
plighted faith, your best interest, demands that
no former political obligation shall detract from
full allegiance to his new country.
I would in defense of this principle urge,
first, retaliation; then reprisals; then war.
For all of which we have illustrious and bene-
ficial precedents in both English and American
history. I would hold up to public condemna-
tion him who would introduce any qualifica-
tion touching a public law, least of all one
touching the rightof an American citizen to life,
liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. A Gov-
ernment does not deserve to exist, it is not fit
to be, that disregards the principle.
As to the policy of the easy introduction of
foreigners to our citizenship 1 have nothing
to say; 1 perhaps should oppose it. As to the
Irish, who are more subjects of church and
priests than they are interested by the princi-
ples of a republic, I might exclude them en-
tirely. But the law stands, nevertheless, with-
out discrimination or qualification, and I will
not sit idly by and witness a violation of our
law, such violation being enforced by hostile
acts of a foreign Power. Repeal your law or
enforce it. None of the precedents quoted by
the honorable Senator stand a moment in face
of an American citizeu in prison, or held to
service by another Government contrary to the
law of this land, and no penalty can be adopted
and enforced that is too strong to meet such
an emergency.
Mr. YATES obtained the floor.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senator from
Illinois to yield to me for a few moments. I
desire to leave to-night not to return for the
rest of the session, and there are a few little
matters in my charge that will not take long,
which, with the indulgence of the Senate, I
should be glad to bring up now.
Mr. YATES. Very well.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to call up a pen-
sion bill in favor of the widow of General
Hackleman. Two other bills on the same basis
were passed the other day.
Mr. CONNESS. Not while this bill is being
considered.
Mr. MORTON. I will say to the Senator
from California that I am about to leave the
Senate for the session.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator is aware that,
pending the consideration of the bill now
before the Senate, a great deal of other busi-
ness has been done by my consent, but I think
it is time the bill was disposed of. I am per-
fectly willing that it shall be rejected by the
Senate; it is now worth nothing, in my opin-
ion ; but I shall not consent, for one, to any
other business transpiring until it is disposed
of. I desire at least to get rid of it.
Mr. MORTON. I will say to the Senator
from California that the business I desire to
present will take but a few minutes.
Mr. CONNESS. It is only a few minutes ago
since I gave way, when one objection would
have stopped it, to the passage of a bill pre-
sented by the Senator from New Hampshire.
There was a very plain understanding in the
Senate that this bill should be gone on with ;
and yet as soon as that was disposed of there
was a motion, which very nearly carried, to go
into executive session.
Mr. WILLIAMS. There will be a meeting
to-night to consider pension bills.
Mr. MORTON. I am going away in the
evening train.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will entertain the motion of the Senator from
Indiana if there be no objection.
Mr. CONNESS. I have objected, and I
cannot help it, although I do not wish to
object.
Mr. THAYER. Then to accommodate the
Senator from Indiana I move that the bill
under consideration be laid aside informally.
Mr. CONNESS. The bills which the hon-
orable Senatorfrom Indiana has in charge can
be taken up in the Senate afterward and passed
whether he be here or not. I will present
them to the Senate or any other Senator will.
Mr. MORTON. I shall be compelled to
leave the Senate in a very little while, and that
was the only reason I presented the matter now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
torfrom Nebraska moves that the pending bill
be laid aside informally.
Mr. CONNESS. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator lrom Nebraska make his motion to
postpone for any particular time?
Mr. CONNESS. I liope the Chair will go
on with the business under the rules. What is
the question befoie the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the question to be on laying a^ide
the pending bill informally, but that is a motion
which can only be entertained, by unanimous
consent, and objection lias been made.
^r- THAYER. I move that the pending
bill be laid aside for twenty minutes.
