2303
THE OGNGRBSSIOMr
April 15;
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have stated
that they cover th3 current year.
Mr. CRAGIN. That is what is- meant. It
is-estimated what it will cost to pay clerks of
co.tnmit.tees and pay these o'ther officers up to
the* 1st day of Jaiy next. Now, I wish to say
one word more. There is one item here, an
appropriation of $15,000 for additional mes-
sengers. These messengers have not received
any iptiy since last January. There was no
money to pay them for February or for March,
and there will be none until this bill passes.
I know that many of them are in great distress.
Mr. DIXON". I wish to say a few words
with regard to this item of $50,000. I have
nothing to say about the other items upon
which the Senator from Maine has spoken.
When this discussion commenced I did not
fully understand it; I think I can now throw
some light upon it. The honorable Senator
from Maine has stated the condition of it in
Such a manner that I think I understand it. I
have no doubt that somebody has an interest
in getting this appropriation as large as possi-
ble. Who it is I do not know. I do not say
it is an officer of the Senate. 1 know, of
course, it is no member of the Senate. I do
not say it is Mri Forney or any other officer,
but it is always the disposition of parties who
are to have the use and advantage of money
to make the appropriation as large as possible.
What did the Senator tell us in the first in-
stance ? He said this was for past expenses,
in reply to my inquiry; and I understand him
to say now, although there is a small item
running to next July for the payment of cer-
tain messengers, that this is a delicieney for
past expenses.
Mr. MO MULL, of Maine. This bill is to
meet the deficiencies not provided for which
already exist, and which will exiSt at the end
of the current year. Of course it runs to the
end of the year.
Mr. DIXON. So I understand. At first I
understood the Senator to say that it was all
for past expenses; bat now I understand that
some portion of it is to run for the fiscal year;
but, of course, that is a small portion. Now,
what does the Senator tell us? He tells us
there are bills before the Committee on Con-
tingent Expenses amountinglo $20,000, which
ought to be paid. Well, let them be paid;
make an appropriation for their payment.
There is no proper mode by which this'money
can be expended when appropriated except
after having been audited by the honorable
chairman ot the committee. Here is $30,000
proposed to be appropriated which is not now
due, and is not necessary now to be appropri-
ated. I do not know who proposes this largo
expenditure. It attracted my attention in the
first place because it was so much larger as a
deficiency for con tingentexpenses than has here-
tofore been the case, and I knew of nothing
which should occasion very great additional
expense.
The honorable Senator speaks of the pay of
witnesses. There is an appropriation in the
bill for witnesses, or for the expenses of this
impeachment trial. The Senator from New
Hampshire says that that has been provided for
partially in advance by an arrangement made
by him with the Secretary of the Senate. That
is provided for by the appropriation of $10,000
ill this very bill. I have no doubt that the
whole of this money comes properly under the
head of contingent expenses; but i was going
to ask the very question which was answered
by the honorable Senator from Maine. I was
going to ask the chairman of the committee
what was the amount of the bills now before
that committee which needed payment, if he
could tell.
Mr. CRAGIN. If the^ Senator from Con-
necticut will give way, I will make a statement.
He seems to argue to the Senate -as though
there were some twenty thousand dollars of
bills that had not been presented to the com-
mittee, or had been presented and were not
Approved, or had not been paid. 1 can say to
him and to others that there has been more
money paid actually than has been appropri-
ated for under this item; that is, $15,000 have
been taken from other appropriations to pay
under this one item, and there is an actual de-
ficiency in addition to the bills which have not
been presented and paid.
Mr. DIXON. If that is the case, then it is
wholly wrong. That is an utterly improper
ol.i ot' U'.unacting business; and is a suffi-
cient reason why this appropriation should not
be made. I have no donbt that the object of
having an appropriation of $50,000—of course
I do not reflect on the chairman of either of
the committees—is to very conveniently pay
certain expenses which perhaps are proper; I
do not know; I would not say they are im-
proper ; but they ought t,o be looked into. I
now move to reduce this appropriation to
$20,000.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
not now in order.
Mr. DIXON. The honorable chairman has
stated to us that the bills now duo and audited
by the committee amount to $20,000. If so,
let us make an appropriation to pay those, and
then let us see what is necessary next to be
done.
The Senator talks of deficiencies. That is a
very convenient mode of explaining an ex-
pense which has been incurred. What does
lie mean by a deficiency? How do we know-
that it is a deficiency? Who is to pay it?
Who is to audit it? There may bo possibly a
desire somewhere to have cortain bills paid.
Lot thorn be presented to the committee ; let
the committee audit them, and when they are
audited let them be paid; but I am utterly
opposed to making in the dark an appropri-
ation of $50,000 here, which is actually for the
contingent fund of the Senate, without know-
ing what it is for, and especially when we are
told that the whole amount of bills now before
that committee, and really the whole amount
of deficiency, is only $20,000. 1 therefore
move to strike out "$50,000 and" insert
"$20,000."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That mo-
tion is not now in order.
Mr, THAYER. I desire to make a state-
ment, and 1 do so at the request of the Secre-
tary, and I make it now so that it may go out
with what has been stated here. He states
that his first suspicionsin regard to a deficiency
occurred in November last, lie called Mr.
Wagner's attention to the subject, and Mr.
Wagner made a voluntary admission that he
had taken this money and had used it. He made
a statement in writing, which is now in Colonel
Forney's possession, and which any Senator
can see. Mr. Wagner accounted for the greater
part of the money. One item was thatheowed
$10,000 on some property in Pennsylvania, for
which he was called upon sooner than he ex-
pected, and that he had taken out money for
that purpose and for other purposes. Colonel
Forney authorizes me to say thatthatvoluntary
statement is in his possession and can be seen
at any time; and furthermore, that on finding
this out every dollar was paid into the Treasury
by him, as certified by the Comptroller.
Mr. CAMERON. In order to put this thing
right I move that a committee be appointed
to investigate the accounts of the Secretary of
the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That mo-
tion is not now in order.
Mr. CAMERON. The statement made by
the Senator from Nebraska comes in such a
shape that 1 have no right to doubt its authen-
ticity or its correctness ; but 1 have great re-
spect for the old man who was the pay clerk
of the Secretary of the Senate. I have known
him for twenty-five or thirty years myself, and
I do not think there is a man in the whole
State of Pennsylvania who knew him, as I
said a while ago, who ever doubted his integ-
rity. I do not think it is fair that that man's '
fame and character and all the labor of ids i
long life should be destroyed by the single
statement of a man now in authority. He is
a relation of-Mr. Forney's., '.Ho is a man .of
accounts. Nobody ever believed that Mr.'
Forney pretended to keep any accounts.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let us pass this
bill, and then you can make your motion after-
ward.
Mr. CAMERON. If it can be agreed after-
ward to appoint a committee of investigation'
I will not object to the bill. With that under-
standing I shall not oppose the passage of the
Mr. HENDRICKS. I shall detain the Sen-
ate but a moment. The Senator froift Maine
has suggested that every Senator ought to have
informed himself about this appropriation of
$50,000 for miscellaneous items, and says that
if we had read the book that he had in his
hand it would have informed us.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I did not say
that. I beg the Senator to be a little careful
how he states me if he intends to represent
what I said.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then, by a combi-
nation of words and gestures, he made the im-
pression on the Senate that by examining this
book we would have it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What I said was
that if the Senator was not informed as to the
expenditure of the contingent fund of the Sen-
ate it was his own fault, as it was the fluty and
the practice of the Secretary to publish it to
the Senate and to the country.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not admit that I
am able t,o understand accounts merely because
it is the duty of somebody to publish them
who has not discharged that duty.
• Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But he has
published them.
Mr. HENDRICKS. This book to which
the Senator refers is a report of the payments
from the contingent fund of the Senate for the
year ending December 3, 1866. It has not
anything to do with this bill; and the Senator
lrom Maine will not say that it has. But he
says there is another book something like this,
that is going to be published directly ; and it is
our own fault, if we do not know what is in that.
I wish I could know what is in all books in ad-
vance of their publication. It would save me
a great deal of work in reading them after they
came out. [Laughter.]
Now, I have thought it my duty to call atten-
tion to this appropriation of S50,000 for mis-
cellaneous items which being for that we know-
nothing about. I have done it in good faith.
My mind is not satisfied on the subject, and I
think we ought to strike it all out. 1 will vote
for the proposition of the Senator from Con-
necticut, to strike out $80,000 of it and leave it
$20,000, though I would prefer to vote to strike
it all out.
_ The Senatorfrom Mainehas referred toother
items ot this bill which I did not speak of at
alland among others is an appropriation of
$17,000 for deficiency in the payment of the
Capitol police. How did that deficiency occu i\?
lhe salary of the Capitol police is lixod by
law; their number is fixed by law. Who has
appointed morepolicemen than thelawallowed.
and who has paid them more money than the
law fixed for their salary, that there "should lie
a deficiency? _ Then this bill provides '-for
additional policemen and incidental expenses
thereof.'' What does that mean ? That is an
amendment inserted in the bill by the eommit-
jj- • , you mean by providing lor
additional policemen? Upon whose recom-
mendation? Upon what public necessity?
What property is there to guard that is not
sufficiently guarded that there should be this
additional appropriation?
RAG-IN, Does the Senator want a
reply ?
4i Not now; when 1 am
through. ' tor additional policemen and in-
cidental expenses thereof!" 1 do not take
to policemen very readily. In most cities that
1 am acquainted with the public safety is really
more endangered by the policemen than from
the public; and as a general thing I wmilj
rather trust my person and «<y property iu the
custody of the common people than to tha
