mm
THE .eONGEESSMMi' GLOBE.
Jtine^dj
which tbis constitution has been brought to the
attention of Congress are considered. It is not
unreasonable to suppose that efforts will be
made to modify its provisions, and especially
those in respect to which this measure prohib-
its any alteration. It is seriously questioned
whether the constitution has been ratified by a
majority of the persons who, under the act bC
March 2, 18C7, and the'acts supplementary
thereto, were entitled to registration and to
vote upon that issue. Section ten of the sched-
ule provides that—
" No person disqualified from voting or registering
under this constitution shall vote for candidates tor
auy.offiue, nor shall be pemittietltovotelbr therati-
fication or rejection of the constitution at the polls
herein authorized." ' •
Assumed .to be in force before its adoption,
in disregard of the law of Congress, the con-
stitution undertakes to impose upon the elector
other and further conditions. The fifth sec-
tion of the eighth article provides that "all
persons, before registering or voting," must
take and subscribe an oath which, among
others, contains the following clause:
" That I accept tho civil and political equality of
all men, and agree not to attempt to deprive any
person or persons, on account of race, color, or pre-
vious condition, of any political or civil right,privi-
lege, or immunity enjoyed by any other class of
men."
It is well known that a very large portion of
the electors in all the States, if not a large
majority of all of them, do not believe in or
accept the political equality of Indians, Mon-
golians, or negroes with the race to which they
belong. If the voters of many of the States
of the North and West were required to take
such an oath as a test of their qualification,
there is reason to believe that a majority of
them would remain from the polls rather than
comply with its degrading conditions.
How far and to what extent this test-oath
pievetited the registration of those who were
qualified under the laws of Congress it is not
possible to know ; but that such was its effect,
at least sufficient to overcome them all and
give a doubtful majority in favor of this con-
stitution, there can be no reasonable doubt.
Should the people of Arkansas, therefore,
desr'irig to regulate the elective franchise so as
to make it conform to the constitutions of a
large proportion of the States .of the North and
West, modify the provisions referred to in the
"fundamental condition," what is to be the
consequence ? Is it intended that a denial of
representation shall follow? And if so, may
we not dread, at some future day, a jecurrence
of the troubles which have so long agitated the
country? Would it not be the part of wisdom
to take for our guide the Federal Constitution,
rather than resort to measures which, looking
only to the present, may in a few years renew,
in an aggravated form, the strife and bitterness
caused by legislation which has proved to be
ill-timed and unfortunate?
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, June 20, 1808.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the mes-
sage be printed, and that the subject be post-
poned until Monday.
The motion was agreed to.
executive session.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire very much to have
the attention of the Senate to several District
bills, and it is not now quite the usual time
for adjournment; and I think if the Senate
would give the Committee on the District of
Columbia an hour to-day we could dispose of
several bills that will not elicit discussion, and,
perhaps, in this way economize time very
much.
Mr. SHERMAN. There was rather an
understanding that we should not do anything
but pension business to-day, and we have not
a quorum, so that if there was any dispute on
any bill it could not be passed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Chair understand the Senator from Ohio to
persist in his motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir ; I move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
The motion was agreed to j and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, ,and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, June 20, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntoh.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
laws of montana.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
copy of the laws of Montana Territory ; which
were referred to the Committee on the Terri-
tories.
mail skuvice in dakota and montana.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is that pending at the adjournment yesterday,
being Senate joint resolution No. 134, author-
izing a change of mail service between Fort
Abercrombie and Helena. The joint resolu-
tion had been read three times', and thegentle-
mau from Minnesota [Mr. I>6nnbm.y] had
called the previous question, pending which
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Delano] moved
that the joint resolution be laid upon the table.
The question was taken, but'no quorum voted.
The gentleman from Ohio called for the yeas
and nays, pending which the House adjourned.
The question now is upon ordering the yeas
and nays on the motion' that the joint resolu-
tion be laid on the table.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was again taken upon the mo-
tion to lay the joint resolution on thetable, and
it was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon seconding the
previous question.
Mr. WARD. If the previous question is
not seconded, will it then be in order to move
to refer this joint resolution to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. ^ And it will kill it.
Mr. WARD. The chairman of that com-
mittee [Mr. Faunsworth] seems to be friendly
to the measure, and I desire to refer it to his
committee for investigation.
* M''-FAK,NSWORTH. We have investigated
it informally.
Mr. WARD. Are the committee prepared
to report in its favor?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I .think they are.
Mr. DONNELLY. It is utterly impossible
for the committee to report on this joint reso-
lution at this session if it is referred to them.
To refer it will be to kill it.
Mr. 1I1GBY. Have not the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads a measure of a
similar.character now before them?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Not that I am
aware of.
Mr. ITIGBY. I understood they had.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. O! yes; I think
they have ; a bill or petition or something of
the kind.
Mr. H1GBY. Did not a majority of the
House Committee and ail the members of the
Senate Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads unite in a joint request to the Post
Office Department to make the change here
contemplated?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think that is so.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Is there any exigency
in this business that justifies taking this joint
resolution out of the ordinary course ? Why not
refer it to a committee for examination, even if
they do not report upon it until the next
session?
Mr. DONNELLY. It is very important
that this joint resolution should pass now, so
that the parties who may take the contract may
have time to build the necessary station houses,
depot houses, and" bridges'duritrg the coming
fall. -
Mr, WARD. Is it not, always jnade a,pre-
text for putting large bills through at the .heal
of a session, that, we" have not timre for com-
mittees to. examine them? I have noticed that
the largest jobs that have gone through Con-
gress io the way of expenditures come up at
the heel of the sessiori, and the pretext always
is that they cannot be examined by committees
for. want of time. I insist that we should take
time to examine this scheme, involving, as it
does,an increased-expenditure to the extent of
$70,000.
Mr. DONNELLY. I insist upon the pre-
vious question.
The question was taken upon seconding the
previous question ; and upon a division there
were—aves 44, noes 32 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, and Mr.
WARD, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Donnelly
and Mr. Ward were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 60, noes 35.
The Speaker voted in the affirmative; and
accordingly the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
The joint resolution was then ordered to a
third reading; and it was accordingly read the
third time.
Mr. WARD demanded the yeas and nays oh
the passage of the joint resolution.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
eighteen, noes not counted.
Mr. WARD demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered.
The SPEAKER. More than enough have
voted for tellers to order the yeas and nays,
and they will be considered ordered, if there
be no objection.
. There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 57, nays 50, not voting
82 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Delos B.. Ashley,
Beaman, Buck, Blair, Coburn. Donnelly, Driggs,
Eklridge, Farnsworth, l'ox. Goliad ay, Grover, Haight,
lligby, ILotchkiss, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Johnson,
Jones, J udd.Kelsey, Knott, Koontz, Lincoln, Lough-
ridge, Marvin, McClurg, McCormick, Moorheitd,
Morrcll, Morrissey, Mungen, Newcomb, O'Neill,
Paine, Poland, Prico, Sawyer, Sitgreaves, Smith,
Starkweather, Stokes, Taber,Taffe, Taylor, Lawrence
S. Trimble, Trowbridge,Twicheli, Van Aernam,Van
Trump, Cadwalader 0. Washburn, JamesF. Wilson.
Windom, Woodbridge, and Woodward—0".
NAYS—Messrs. Bailey, Baker, Baldwin. Boatty.
Benjamin, Benton, Boutw-ell,Buckland,Oake,Reader
W. Clarke, Cobb, Cook, pornell. Uullom, luck ley,
Kggleston, Eta, Ferriss, Garfield, Gctz, Glossbrenner,
Harding, Hawkins, Hill, Holman, Chester D. Hub-
bard, Julian, Ketch am, George V. Lawrence, May-
nard, McCaithy. Mercur, Moore, Mullins, Urth,
Plants, Polsley, Pmneroy, Scotield, Spalding, Aaron
r - Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens, John Trimbifc, Van
Wyck. Ward, Henry 1>. Washburn, Wiiham B.
Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams, and John T.
Wilson—50.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Archer,
Ainell, James M. Ashley, Axtell, Banks. Barnes,
B.irnum. Bingham. Blaine^Boj-Sr, Bromwel!, Brooks,
Broomall, Burr, Butler, Cary, Ohanler. Churchill,
Sidney Ciarke.Covode, Dawes, Delano. Dixon, Dodge,
Lliot," Perry, Fields, Finney, GravcK, Griswold,
Halsey, Hooper. Hopkins, Asahel W. Hubbard,
ltichard I). Hubbard, Huiburd, Humphrey,Hunter,
Kelley, Kerr, Kitchen, Laflin, William Lawrence,
Loan, Logan, Lyneh, Matlory, Maishall, MeOui-
lough, Miller, Myers, Niblack, Nicholson, Nann,
Perham, Peters, Phelps, Pike. Pile, Pruyo, liandail,
Kaum, .Robertson, llobins>on, lio&s, iSchenck, Selye,
felianks, Shellabjirgor, Stewart, Ston<$, Thomas,
Upsou, \ an Auken, Burt Van Hora, Robert X. Van
Horn Bhhu B. Washburne, William Williams, Ste-
phen P. Wilson, and- Wood—8J.
So the joint resolution was passed.
During the vote,
Mr. HILL stated that Mr. Myers was paired
with Mr. Kaxdall.
The reading of the vote was, by unanimous
consent, dispensed with.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. DONNELLY moved to .reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed j
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion wag agreed to.
