1868
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
policemen, and for these particular policemen
and their devotion to this country I have
not so great an admiration since their pro-
ceedings yesterday, when they refused to let
a soldier, because he carried the American
flag, go on to the Dome of the Capitol, when
every man, woman, and child iu the United
States has a right to go there. This is the
class of men for whom we are going to appro-
priate $17,000 of additional money. For what
purpose? I did not intend to speak of this
until the Senator brought it out.
Mr. HARLAN. I will inquire of the Sen-
ator from Indiana if he knows the fact to exist
as he has just stated it?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was not present. I
know it a good deal in the same way that the
Senator from New Hampshire said he knew
how these accounts stood between Mr. Wagner
and Colonel Forney, because somebody told
him.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator will allow
me, I know he would not intentionally state an
untruth  
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was told by a person
who said he was present that a policeman
stopped this man, Sergeant Bates, and would
not lot him go upon the Dome of the Capitol
with his flag, but took him in a hack and took
him away from the Capitol, while the mass of
persons were allowed to go into the Capitol. A
gentleman who was present told me that.
Mr. HARLAN. I understand this to be the
fact: that the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings gave an order to admit this Sergeant
Bates to unfurl his flag from the Dome of the
Capitol; that this order was presented to the
Sergeant-at-Arms; that he wrote across it to
the Capitol police to permit the, sergeant to
enter the building with the committee that at-
tended him, but not to admit the populace, the
crowd of miscellaneous persons who were pres-
ent; arid when this order written across the
permission of the Commissioner was read the
parties took personal offense and left.
Mr. THAYER. Perhaps I can add some in-
formation on this subject. I understand the
Senator from Wisconsin acted as chairman of
the committee of ceremonies on the occasion,
and perhaps he can inform the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. Oh, no; I did not.
Mr. THAYER. 1 mean the other Senator
from Wisconsin.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If this is to become im-
portant I will state—I was not chairman of the
committee 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If this is not
in order, I object. I want to know what has
become of my bill.
Mr. CONKLING-. Let us hear this.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I was not present my-
self when Sergeant Bates undertook to enter
the Rotunda of the Capitol. All I know of that
is what Sergeant Bates told mo this morning.
He stated to me that when he arrived at the
door of the Rotunda the captain of the police,
or the person in charge, refused him admission ;
that is to say, refused his admission with his
flag. If he desired personally to come into the
Rotunda. he oould do so; but he could not come
in and bring the flag with him. He stated that
he, or those who accompanied him, had the
order of General Miehler, allowing him to as-
cend with his (lag to the Dome of the Capitol.
Mr. CAMERON. It was not the flag that
was objected to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The flag was what was
objected to, not the man. He applied for ad-
mission, and it was refused. It was refused
upon the ground that it was necessary that the
order of General Miehler should be indorsed
by the Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate. That
was applied for by Mr. eldiudge, of the House
of Representatives, and obtained. Then Ser-
geant Bates attempted again to enter, and was
again refused, because the order was not also
indorsed by the Sergeant-at-Arms of the House
of Representatives. They searched about for
the Sergeant-at-Arms of the House, but were
unable to find him. The people who aecom-
- panted Sergeant Bates were standing onthe
outside in the rain, and they found it was im-
possible for him to make an entrance with his
llag. He applied for the' privilege of coming
in and putting his flag just in the Rotunda of
the Capitol; and it was refused. Those are
the facts as they were stated to me.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania to the amendment of the com-
mittee, to strike out "$50,000" and insert
"$40,000."
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the ques-
tion, and declared that the ayes appeared to
have it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask for a
division.
Mr. CAMERON. I made no such motion
as that.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I made the motion to
restore the bill to the original amount. That
was simply my motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion was to strike out "$50,000" and insert
"$40,000."
Mr. BUCKALEW. Yes, sir; so as to leave
the aggregate amount precisely as it was when
the bill went to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The honorable
Senator from Pennsylvania is undoubtedly very
sincere in his desire to reduce the bill and save
a little money in that vfay, and rather than
divide the Senate under the circumstances I
think I will not object, but allow the honorable
Senator to have his way in that fit of economy.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on agreeing to the amendment of
the committee as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The next amendment of the committee was
to insert after the word "police," in line four-
teen, the words " and for additional policemen
and additional expenses thereof;" so that the
clause will read:
For deficiency in the appropriation for the payment
of the Capitol police, and tor additional policemen
and incidental expenses thereof, $17,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike outlines
twenty-one and twenty-two, in the following
words:
For deficiency in the appropriation for stationery,
$7,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in.
The bill was ordered to he engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed. The title of the bill was amended so
as to read: "A bill making appropriations for
the expenses of the trial of the impeachment
of Andrew Johnson, and other contingent ex-
penses of the Senate for the year ending June
30, 1808, and for other purposes."
accounts of secretary op senate.
Mr. CONKLING and Mr. CAMERON ad-
dressed the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from New York.
Mr. CONKLING. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. CAMERON. I believe I had the floor.
Before a motion to adjourn is made I desire to
submit a motion iu regard to the subject which
has just been discussed. I ask the Senator
from New York to withdraw his motion for a
moment to enable me to do so.
Mr. CONKLING. I withdraw it for the
Senator.
Mr. CAMERON. I now move that the
Committee on Contingent Expenses of the
Senate be instructed to investigate the accounts
of the Secretary of the Senate and report to
the Senate.
Mr. BUCKALEW. _ This, I suppose, is in
the nature of a resolution. I do not object to
it in form, but if we are to appoint a commit-
tee to examine into the conduct of our Secre-
tary I think there is another subject that should
be referred to them, and that is his conduct and
proceedings, as an officer of the court of im-
peachment, in discussing the trial which is
pending before the Senate acting as a court.
I think that is a more important question, pos-
sibly, than the little matter of monev.
Mr. CONKLING. If this is to give rise to
debate I cannot withdraw my motion for that
purpose. _ I withdrew it for a moment to hear
a suggestion from the Senator.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The Senator can hardly
interpose his motion at this moment, while I
am on the floor. I am not going to take time.
I was going to propose to my colleague, for the
purpose of simplification of the proceedings
with reference to our Secretary, that the com-
mittee he proposes take both these subjects in
charge.
Mr. WILSON and Mr. CONKLING. I hope
not.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to have this mat-
ter of the accounts settled now, and after
awhile I shall go with my colleague cheerfully;
but now I beg to adhere to my original motion.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I willnotinsist upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, to instruct the Committee to Audit and
Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate
to investigate the question mentioned by him.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. Now I renew the motion
to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
wednesday, April 15, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
By unanimous consent the reading of the
Journal of yesterday was dispensed with.
leave of absence.
Indefinite leave of absence was granted to
Mr. Trimble, of Kentueky.
order op business.
The SPEAKER. The'Chair will state that
on the return of the House from the Senate
to-day he will, in accordance with t*he right
reserved, call the States and Territories for
bills and joint resolutions for reference to ap-
propriate committees, and not to be brought
back by a motion to reconsider.
impeachment of the president.
The SPEAKER. The hour of twelve o'clock
having arrived the House will now resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole, accord-
ing to order, and proceed to the bar of the
Senate, following the managers and preceded
by the chairman ofthe Committee of the Whole,
who will be attended by the Clerk and acting
Doorkeeper. There will be business to be
transacted upon the return of the House to this
Hall.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole, in obedience to
the order, and proceeded to the bar of the
Senate.
At four o'clock p. m. the Committee of the
Whole returned to the Hall, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair,
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois, made the
following report: The Committee ofthe Whole
have, according to order, attended the managers
to the bar of the Senate sitting as a court of
impeachment fortlie trial of Andrew Johnson ;
progress has been made in the trial, and the
Senate, sitting as a court of impeachment, has
adjourned until twelve o'clock to-morrow.
leave 01? absence.
Indefinite leave of absence was granted to
Mr. Stewart, Mr. Holbrook., and Mr. Laflix.
call of tiie states.
The SPEAKER stated that in accordance
with the notification tliis morning he would call
the States and Territories for bills "and resolu-
