THE CONGRESSIONAL GrL(
June 20,
The bill provides for the change of the name
of the City National Bank of New Orleans to
the Germania National Bank of New Orleans,
whenever the board of directors of said bank
shall accept the new name by resolution of the
board, and cause a copy of such resolution,
duly authenticated, to be filed with the Comp-
troller of the Currency; provided such accept-
ance shall be made within six months after the
passage of this act.
Section two provides that all the debts,
demands, liabilities, rights, privileges, and
powers of the City National Bank of New
Orleans shall devolve upon and inure to the
Germania National Bank of New Orleans,
whenever such change is effected.
Sections three and four contain similar enact-
ments providing for the change of the names
pf the National Bank of Piattsburg to the Vila
National Bank of Piattsburg.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is this a private bill?
The SPEAKER. The Chair regards this as
a private bill. On page 15 of the Digest will
be found this language:
" It has been the practice in Parliament and also
in Congress to consider as private such as are ' for
the interest of individuals, public companies or cor-
porations, a parish, city, county, or other locality.'"
Mr. FARNSWORTH^ I would suggest that
this bill, if I understand it, changes a public
law.
The SPEAKER. That is very often done
by private bills.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Would a bill in
relation to the Pacific railroad changing the
existing law be a private bill ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will rule upon
that question when it comes up. There is a
general pension law, but every special pension
law passed by Congress changes that general
law in regard to certain persons, and yet such
bills are always held to be private bills.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Those are bills for
the relief of private persons.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that
this is clearly a private bill, and the question
is on ordering it to be engrossed ana read a
third time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It seems to me that
this is a way of whipping the devil round the
stump, by closing up the affairs of one bank
and starting another withoutgoing through the
process required by law at the present time ;
and if that is the case, I am against it.
Mr. POMEROY. I will state that the object
of the bill is not to accomplish any such pur-
pose. I am as strongly opposed to that as the
gentleman is. Its object is simply this: the
House all understand that at the original organ-
ization of these national banks the old original
bank names had to be surrendered, and, as was
the case in the celebrated Stickney family,
whose children were all named: first Stick-
ney, second Stickney, third Stickney, and so
on, these banks were required to be named
first national bank, second national bank, and
so on; and all that is sought to be accom-
plished is simply to change the names of the
banks to such names as the parties desire.
This is now allowed, the original system
adopted of requiring them to be known by
numbers having been abandoned by the Treas-
ury Department itself. In the organization of
national banks for some time past the old sys-
tem has been abandoned and they have been
allowed to take such names as they desired.
There is a particular reason why they desire
to have the name of this bank in New Orleans
changed to the " Germania National Bank."
The bank stock and the bank have passed
almost, entirely into the hands of Germans,
and they wish to make it in its character and
in its direction such as to attract the confidence
and support of the German citizens of New
Orleans, and they are very anxious to have it
known as the Germania National Bank. The
reasons assigned were such that the Committee
on Banking and Currency unanimously agreed
to it, as they did also in the other case. In the
other case the change proposed is simply to
insert the name of the individual who is and
has been at all times the ruling man of the
bank in place of " second." That is all. It
does not change the location of the bank ; it
does not change the securities nor the circula-
tion nor the liabilities in any way or manner.
I will ask the previous question on the bill.
Mr. M ON GEN. Will the gentleman allow
me a moment?
Mr. POMEROY. Certainly.
Mr. MUNGEN. As I understand the ori-
ginal national banking law, or by the Treasury
regulations, the banks were required to take the
name of the locality and a number in numerical
order. No w, it seems to me that there is some-
thing in a name. I think the security of.United
States stocks ought to give faith and assurance
enough to the Germans of New Orleans or of
any other place as to the redemption of the
notes of a bank—their issue being based on
Government bonds. You might call it the
Hamburg bank or the Amsterdam bank or the
Rotterdam bank or any other bank, but I do not
think it would add to the credit or responsibil-
ity thereof. I like German names, as General
Scott did; but I fail to see the necessity for this
change of name. I apprehend it will involve
some new and additional expense. I presume
the next step will be to return the old ifsue and
have a new issue printed with the new name
on it. I think it is only an additional expense,
without any corresponding benefit. I see no
particular objection to it, neither do I see any
particular necessity for it.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know that there
is anj public necessity requiring this to be done.
But it is only giving to these banks the same
right in adopting names that half of the other
banks have had. In pursuance of regulations
of the Secretary qf the Treasury, and not
according to law, banks at first were required
to adopt numerical designations, but afterwards
that was not required. I now call the previous
question.
The previous question was secouded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PO MEROY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REPORTS OF PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANIES.
Mr. PRICE. I ask consent to report back,
with an amendment, from the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad, Senate bill No. 450, rela-
tive to filing reports of railroad companies.
The SPEAKER. This is a public bill, and
will require unanimous consent for its consid-
eration at this time.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Let the
bill be read.
The bill was read. The first section provides
that the reports required to be made to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury on or before the 1st day
of July of each year, by the corporations created
by or entitled to subsidies under the provisions
of an act entitled "An act to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from the
Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, and to
secure to the Government the use of the same
for postal, military, and other purposes," ap-
proved, July 1, 1862, and the acts supplemental
to and amendatory thereof, shall hereafter be
made to the Secretary of the Interior on or
before the 1st day of October of each year, the
reports to furnish full and specific information
upon the several points mentioned in the twen-
tieth section of the act of 1862, and shall be
verified as therein prescribed, and on failure
to make the same as herein required, the issue
of bonds or patents to the company in default.
shall be suspended until the requirements of
this act shall be complied with b£ such com-
pany: and the reports hitherto made to the
Secretary of the Treasury under that act shall
be transferred and delivered by him to the Sec-
retary of the Interior, to be filed by him.
The second section provides that the corpo-
rations created by the provisions of the acts of
Congress approved July 2, 1864, and July 27,
18G6, and known as the Northern Pacific Rail-
road Company, the Atlantic and Pacific Rail-
road Company, and the Southern Pacific Rail-
road Company, shall make reports to the
Secretary of the Interior on pr before the 1st
of October of each year, as are required to
be made by the Union Pacific railroad and
branches, under the provisjons of the first sec-
tion of this act, and on failure so to do shall
be subject to the like suspension.
The third section provides that the reports
required froin the commissioners appointed to
examine and report in relation to the road of
any of the corporations whereto reference is
made in this act, shall be addressed to and filed
in the Department of the Interior; and so much
of any and all acts as requires any reports from
such companies, or any officers thereof, to be
made to the Secretary of the Treasury, is hereby
repealed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I under-
stand that this is merely a proposition to chatige
the method of making reports on the part of
these companies. Under existing^ laws some
are to be made to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury and some to the Secretary of the Interior.
This bill simply requires that all the reports
shall be made to the Secretary of the Interior.
I think that is very proper, and therefore will
make no objection to it.
The amendment reported from the commit-
tee was to add to the bill the following:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That in addition
to the eight subjects referred to in section twenty of
the act of July, 1862, to be reported upon, there shall
also be furnished annually to the Secretary of the
Interior all reports of engineers, superintendents,or
other officers who make annual reports to any of
said railroad companies.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. PRICE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
election contest m'kee vs. young.
Mr. COOK. I now call up'the contested-
election ease of McKee vs. Young, in relation
to the ninth congressional districtof Kentucky.
The resolution, reported by the majority of
the Committee on Elections were read as
follows :
jllesolved, That J. D. Young was not legally elected
a member of the House of Representatives of the
fortieth Congress from the ninth congressional dis-
trict of Kentucky.
Resolved, That Samuel McKee was duly elected a
member of tho House of Representatives in the
iortieth Congress from tho ninth congressional dis-
trict of tho State of Kentucky.
Mr. COOK. There was another resolution
reported frorn the Committee of Elections some
time before those just read. I ask that it also
be now read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Hesotyed, That John P.Young, having voluntarily
given aid, countenance, counsel, and encouragement
to persons engaged in armed hostility to the (Jnited
fetates, is not entitledto take tho oath of office as a
.Representative in this House from the ninth con-
gressional district of Kentucky, or to hold a seat
therein as such Representative.
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, if I can get the
attention of the House for a short time, i think
I can make clear the reasons for the adoption
of the resolutions just reported.
On the 9th of July, 1867, the Committee of
Elections made their first report in relation to
the Kentucky election cases, which report was
adopted by the House. In that report the com-
mittee say:
"The committee are of opinion that no person who
has been ongaged in armed hostility to the Govern-
ment ot the United States, or who has given aid and
comtorttoits enemies duringthe late rebellion, ought
t0 je Permitted to be sworn as a member of this House
and that any specific and apparently well-grounded
charge ot personal disloyalty made against a person
claiming a seat as a member of this House ought to
be investigated and reported upon before such per-
f™LS-per*flttf-d110 tako>he seafc; but all charges
touching the disloyalty of a constituency in a State
in wnieh loyal civil government Was not overthrow^
