246
SUPPLEMENT TO
RECAPITULATION TOTAL.
Number of Total
Department. Officers, annual salary.
Navy    1,720 $3,171,773 00
War  3,033 4,907,831 04
State  394 797,600 00
Interior  54& 457,870 00
Post Office  34,72? 9,811,699 27
Attorney Genera!  146 90,700 00
Agricultural  1 3,000 00
Education  1 4,000 00
Treasury  1,023 2,036,263 56
Grand totals  41,588 $21,180,736 87
Errors excepted. == =
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Mr. President, I
have the honor to offer now from the files of
the Senate, in the first place, the message of
Andrew Johnson nominating Lieutenant Gen-
eral William T. Sherman to be general by
brevet in the Army of the United States on
the 13th day of February, 1808.
Mr. EVARTS. Under what article is that
offered? With what intent?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. That is under the
eleventh article and under the tenth.
Mr. EVARTS. The tenth is the speeches.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I should say the
ninth; I beg pardon.
Mr. EVARTS. That is the Emory article.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. That is the Gen-
eral Emory article.
Mr. EVARTS. Do you offer this on the
ground that the conferring the brevet on Gen-
eral Sherman was with indent to obstruct the
reconstruction act?
Mr. Manager BCJTLER. I offer it valeat
quantum. 1 referred to it in the argument I
have already made. The statement which I
made in the opening upon that question has
been twice read—once, I believe, by yourself,
and once, 1 am certain, by Mr. Curtis.
Mr. EVARTS. It does not seem to us, Mr.
Chief Justice and Senators, to be relevant, and
it certainly is not rebutting. We have ofl'cred
no evidence bearing upon the only evidence
you offered under the eleventh article, which
was the telegrams between Governor Parsons
and the President on the subject of recon-
struction. We have offered no evidence on
that subject, and we do not see that this ap-
pointment  
Mr. Manager BUTLER. They may be both
passed upon at once to save time. 1 offer, also,
theappoinlmeutby brevet ofGeorgc Ii. Thomas
to bo lieutenant general anil then general by
brevet, two brevets on the 21st, the same day
that Mr. Stanton was removed.
Mr. EVA UTS. What was the last paper?
Mr. Manager BUTLEU. The last paper
was the appointment by brevet of Major Gen-
eral George H. Thomas first to be lieutenant
general by brevet and then general by brevet;
and that was done on the same day that Mr.
Stanton was removed, the 21st of February.
Mr. EVARTS. Mr. Chief Justice and Sen-
ators, it is very apparent, that this does not re-
but any evidence we have offered. It is then
offered as evidence-in-ehiof that the conferring
of brevets on these two officers is in some way
within the evil intents that are alleged in these
articles. We submit that on that question
there is nothing in this evidence that imports
any such evil intent.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. I only wish to say
upon this that we do not understand that this
case is to be tried upon the question of whether
evidence is rebutting evidence or otherwise,
because we understand that to-day the House
of Representatives may bring in a new article
of impeachment if they choose, and go on with
it ;_but we have a right to put in any evidence
which would be competent at any stage of the
cause anywhere.
Mr. EVARTS rose.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Excuse me a mo-
ment.
Mr. EV ARTS. I wish to ask a question.
When does our right to give in evidence end?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. When you get
through with competent and pertinent evi-
dence, I suppose.
Mr. EVARTS. I supposed there was a
different rule for us?
Mr. Manager BUTLER. No, sir; that is the
rule that I am claiming now, putting in com-
petent and pertinent evidence, not a different
rule. I beg you will not misunderstand me.
In many of the States—I can instance the
State of New Hampshire—I am sure the rule
of rebutting evidence does not obtain in their
courts at all. Each party calls such pertinent
and competent evidence as he has up to the
hour when he says he has got through from
time to time; and in some other of the States
it is so applicable, and no injustice is done to
anybody.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
will submit the question to the Senate. The
honorable Managers propose to put in evi-
dence the nomination sent by the President to
the Senate on the 13th of B'ebruary, 1868, of
Lieutenant General Sherman to be general by
brevet, and the nomination of Major General
George H. Thomas, sent to the Senate on the
21st of February, 1808, to be lieutenant gen-
eral by brevet and general by brevet.
Mr. ANTHONY called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask that the offer may
bo again read. It is not understood.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
will state it. The offer was not reduced to
writing. It is very brief, and the Chief J ustice
will state it.
Mr. HOWARD. I respectfully ask that the
Chair will again announce it to the Senate.
The CHIEF J USTICE. He was about to do
so. The honorablo Managers propose to put
in evidence the nomination of Lieutenant Gen-
eral Sherman to be general by brevet, sent to
the Senate on the 13th of February, 18(18 ; also,
the nomination of Major General George II.
Thomas to be lieutenant general by brevet
and to bo general by brevet, sent to the Senate
on the 21st of February, ]Si>8. Senators, you
who are of opinion that this evidence shall bo
received will, as your names are called, answer
yea; those of the contrary opinion, nay.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 35 ; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Anthony, Cole, Fessenden, Fowler,
Grimes, llendej*on, Morton, Roi-s, iSumner, Tipton,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, Willey, and Yates- -14.
N" A YS—-M essrs. B ucka lew, Cameron, C;tttei I, Chand-
ler, Colliding, Conaoss Corbett.Ci agin. Davis, Dixon,
Dooliuie, Drake, Kdmunds, Ferry, Frchnpfhuy.«en,
llrtilnn, Hendricks, Howard, Howe, Johnson, Mc-
Crocry, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Patterson ol ISew Hampshire, Patterson of Tonnes-
pee, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart,
Thaver, Vickors. William1?, and Wilson—35.
NOT VOTING-—Messrs. Bayard, Norton, Nyc,
Saulsbury, and Wade—5.
So tlie Senate refused io receive the evidence
offered.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Mr. President, I
have the honor to say that the case on the part
of the Managers is closed, and all witnesses
who are here under the subpoena of the Sen-
ate, at the instance of the Managers, may be
discharged.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Does the Chief
Justice understand that the case on the part
of the President is closed?
Mr. EVAttTS. We are able to make the
same announcement as regards witnesses who
are attending on the part of the defense under
subpoena; and this announcement on both sides,
we assume, precludes almost necessarily any
attempt to proceed with evidence again.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The honorable
Managers will please proceed with their argu-
ment.
_ Mr. Manager BOUTWELL. Mr. Chief Jus-
tice and Senators, it has fallen to me, upon the
judgment of the Managers, to make the first
argument on the part of the House of Repre-
sentatives in the close. It is very likely that I
shall be obliged to occupy the larger part of a
day in presenting to the honorable Senate the
views which I shall feel it my duty to offer.
Under these circumstances, I have to ask that
the Senate will do me the favor to adjourn until
to-morrow morning at the usual hour, when I
shall be prepared to proceed.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Chief Justice, I move
that the Senate, as a court of impeachment,
adjourn until eleven o'clock to-morrow.
Several Senators. Say twelve o'clock.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The rule now fixes
eleven as the hour of meeting.
Mr. EVARTS. Mr. Chief Justice, may I
be heard a moment?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. On a motion to
adjourn no debate is in order.
Mr. JOHNSON. I withdraw the motion.
^Mr. EVARTS. Of course I do not rise
with the view of making the least objection to
the suggestion on the part of the honorable
Managers, which seems to us to be entirely rea-
sonable, but to couple with it a statement to
which I beg the attention of the court for a
moment. Our learned associate, Mr. Stan-
bery, has, from the outset, been relied upon by
the President and by the associate counsel to
make the final argument in this cause; and
there are many reasons, professional and others,
why we should all wish that this purpose should
be carried out. It has been liis misfortune, in
the midst of this trial and after it had proceeded
for a fortnight, to be taken suddenly ill. The
illness, of no great gravity, is yielding to the
rcmediesprescribedand to the progress of lime,
so that he now occupies his parlor, as we found
him this morning. The summing up of a cause
of'this weight in many aspects, regarding the
testimony and the subject and the situation, is,
of course, a labor of no ordinary magnitude,
physical and otherwise, and Mr. Stanbery is of
the opinion, in which we concur, that he will
need an interval of two days, added to what in
the course of the trial would probably bring
liim to his feet in the argument, to have the
adequate strength for that purpose. Tt might
have been left until the day on which he should
liave appeared, and then have the request made
for a day or two's relief in this regard; but it
occurred to us to be fairer to the Managers
that the interval of repose should be interposed
at a time when it would bo useful and valuable
to them also, as the proofs are not entirely
printed in the proper form for reference, and
the hitter voluminous evidence on the subject
of appointments and the routine of the practice
of the Government is such as to require con-
siderable investigation in order to point out to
the Senate the etficacy on the one side of, or
the answer on the other to, the proofs. It is,
therefore, our duty now to suggest (coupling it
with the suggestion of the Managers, that until
to-morrow should be given for the propriety of
the more agreeable introduction of the argu-
ment on their part,) that we ask that you con-
sider this statement which I have made to you,
and see whether it is not better in all respects
that the matter should now be disposed of. I
think the Managers will concur that this is the
proper iime to consider it and accommodate
matters to the providential interference with
the leader of the President's counsel and his
confidential friend and adviser.
Mr. J-OIINSON. What is the motion?
Mr. EVARTS. The suggestion is that an
internal of two days should be given now,
instead of waiting till Mr. Stanbery shall come
in ; and 1 understand the Managers will agree
it is better it should occur now than later.
Mr. YATES. I move that the Senate ad-
journ until Wednesday.
Mr. Manager BOUTWELL. Mr. Presi-
dent  
Mr. YATES. I withdraw the motion if the
Managers desire to be heard.
Mr. Manager BOUTWELL. Mr. President,
if it shall be the pleasure of the Senate to con-
sider favorably the request made by the learned
counsel for the respondent, which is a question
of public duty on which I can express no opin-
ion, I certainly should desire that the time to
be granted should be granted at once. I may
say that if I had consulted my own feelings
exclusively I should have made the request for
a day more of time for further examination of
