1280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
what I say, the impropriety of undertaking to
thrust into an appropriation bill what may be
needed as a general law, when every man
with his eyes open knows that it will entail
consequences which will render necessary
other and further and still more general legis-
lation immediately after. All I rose for was
to insist that this whole mode of legislating
upon general subjects in appropriating bills
is all wrong, and the gentleman's illustration
lias helped me to establish my proposition.
Mr. BLAINE. Before the gentleman sits
down I desire to ask him one question, or two
questions, probably.
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly, three of them,
if the gentleman wishes.
Mr. BLAINE. The first question is, does
the gentleman favor maintaining an army of
sixty regiments as a permanent peace estab-
lishment?
Mr. SCHENCK. I am for maintaining our
Army as it is just now until certain matters shall
have been disposed of not likely to be settled
in less than a year. I see no necessity for
decreasing the Army until these matters are
disposed of. Bat 1 am not putting myself on
that ground at all, and the gentleman need not
cross-examine me on that point.
Mr. BLAINE. I thought the gentleman
expressed himself willing to be questioned.
Mr. SCHENCK. Not on that point. I
believe there is a general disposition, as soon
as the circumstances of the country will per-
mit, to resort to some system for the reduction
of the Army whieh shall be fair to those who
are now in it and shall at the same time take
care of the public interest and of the public
Treasury. What I object to isthat this piece
of a reform of that kind, carrying with it con-
sequences which will hereafter render some-
thing else necessary to be done, should be
thrust into an appropriation bill. Now, all I
ask is that every general provision of this kind,
providing for a partial reduction ot the Army
upon any such incomplete or lame plan as this,
shall be kept out of this appropriation bill, and
that the proper committee of this House, or
any member of the House who has a scheme
upon that subject, shall bring forward a bill to
be taken up for consideration and disposed of
in the way of general legislation.
Mr. BLAINE. Members perfectly under-
stand this question, I think, and there is no
need for any further discussion of it. There-
fore I move that the committee now rise tor
the purpose of closing debate.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Wasii-
burn, of Wisconsin, reported that the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union had,
according to order, had the special order under
consideration, being House bill No. 658, making
appropriations for the support of the Army toi
the year ending June 30, 1869, and for other
purposes, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
message ?r0m the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had passed, with amendments. House
bill No. 208, extending the time for the com-
pletion of the Dubuque and Sioux City railroad,
m which amendments the concurrence ot ttie
House was requested.
enrolled joint resolution.
Mr HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled a joint resolution (II.
II. No. 203) for reducing the expenses ot the
War Department, and for other purposes; when
the Speaker signed the same.
indian aifairs.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior, relative to the Vr^s"
fer to the Interior Department of jurisdiction
over certain Indian matters now exercised by
the Treasury Department; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and or-
dered to be printed.
aujiy apl'hopbiation bill.
Mr. BLAINE. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the special order, the Army appro-
priation bill; and pending that motion, 1 move
that all general debate upon the bill be closed
at once, and that all debate upon the pending
paragraph be closed in ten minutes alter the
Committee of the Whole shall have resumed
the consideration of the subject.
The question was taken on the motion to
close debate; and it was agreed to.
The question was then taken on the motion
to go into the Committee of tho Whole, and it
was agreed to. t
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of tho Whole on tho state of the
Union, (Mr. Washburn, of Wisconsin, in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
special order, being the bill (H. R. No. 658)
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending the 30th of June,
1869, and for other purposes.
The pending question was upon the amend-
ment to insert the following :
Provided, That the expenditure of the money
herein appropriated shall be limited and controlled
by tho following condition, namely : until otherwise
ordered by law no new commission shall be issued m
any regiment except to those who are entitled by law
any rcguiit.MiL uAuqn w ~ - v. --
to appointment as second lieutenants by graduation
at the United States Military Academy; but this
provision shall not bo construed to deprive any oineer
of whatever promotion may be open to him by the
occurrence of vacancies among his superiors in rank.
Mr. BLAINE obtained the floor, and yielded
five minutes to Mr. Washisuk.v, of Indiana.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Mr. Chair-
man, the whole subject of the reduction of, the
Army was, by order of the House, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs. That com-
mittee has had the subject under investigation,
and whenever it has an opportunity will report
the result of its action. The same committee
has in its charge, and will, I trust, be ready soon
to report another bill having a material bear-
ing on this subject—I mean the bill which is
known as the military education bill, a meas-
ure which the War Department has submitted to
us—proposing that in various colleges through-
out the States professorships, with the view to
military education, shall be established, and
that, with regard to appointments to vacancies
in the Army, graduates of those colleges shall
stand on an equality with the graduates of West
Point. The amendment now pending would
entirely preclude any provision of that kind.
Sir, by establishing military professorships
we can educate in colleges in the various fetates
men who will be as well qualified for officers
of the Army as the graduates of West Point. I
hope that we shall not upon the present bill
take any action which will preclude the House
from adopting such a measure, by which our
system of military education will be distributed
throughout the States among various colleges,
instead of being localized in a single institu-
tion. I trust that this amendment will not be
adopted.
Mr. BLAINE. I now yield three minutes
to the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Pile.]
Mr. PILE. Mr. Chairman, this proviso is
a very shrewd attempt at doing just what it
says it does not do. It is an attempt to intro-
duce new legislation under the guise—I had
almost said the Yankee guise—of limiting an
appropriation. If this proviso should be
enacted, with no other provision of law on the
subject, then no commission in the Army can
be issued except as there directed ; and it will
become a standing provision of law, extend-
in"' beyond the term of this appropriation bill
into the next year, and the next, and so on
until repealed. That the proposition is out of
order seems to me very clear. It proposes to
legislate upon the subject of issuing commis-
sions in the Army—a subject foreign froifi the
matters embraced in these appropriations. It
is independent and absolutely new legislation.
As has been remarked by the gentleman who
preceded me, [Mr. Washbotjt, of Indiana,J
this whole subject is before the Committee on
Military Affairs. A bill whieh is intended to
be homogeneous in its character, covering the
whole question of reducing the Army, consol-
idating the regiments, regulating the process
of appointment, the classes from which ap-
pointments shall be made, and introducing new
features into our system of military education,
is in process of preparation, and will be ready
to be reported to the House when the commit-
tee shall be called. This piecemeal legislation
in regard to the reduction of the Aimy in an
appropriation bill appears to me unwise and
uncalled for. I trust and believe that the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, whenever it shall
be called, will report a bill on this subject which
will bo satisfactory to the Houseand to the
country. I hope that this new legislation will
not be introduced into this appropriation bill*
Mr. BLAINE. Mr. Chairman, in the few
minutes remaining of my time I desire to say
that this Army appropriation bill contains less
of what the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Pile J stigmatizes as independent and obnox-
ious legislation than any Army appropriation
bill which has been brought before the House
within the kibt ten years. By looking back
over our statute-book, gentlemen will see the
large amount of independent legislation tnat
has been put upon Army appropriation bills.
The committee, in preparing this bill, have been
exceedingly careful in regard to that matter.
But let me call the attention of the committee
to this fact: that when gentlemen earnestly
desire to put through any measure, they can,
by putting it on an appropriation bill, make
sure of it. 1 do not know what kind of a bill
the Committee on Military Affairs will bring
forward in regard to the reduction of the Army.*
I understand that one of its provisions will be
to hand over the control of Indian Affairs to
the War Department. That measure was de-
feated in this House last winter, although I
voted for it.
Mr. PILE. The gentleman will permit me
to correct him. No such measure is before
the committee.
Mr. BLAINE. You do not know what will
be bound up in the bill which the Military
Committee will introduce. Here we have a
naked, direct, plain issue, whether the Army
shall be maintained at sixty regiments or
whether we shall provide for its gradual reduc-
tion from this time forward until it is reduced
to a point where Congress says it shall stop.
Mr. PILE. Let me ask the gentleman a
question.
The CHAIRMAN. The time for general
debate has expired.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 04, noes 33: no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers: and ap-
pointed Mr. Logan and Mr. Blaine.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 54, noes 84.
So the amendment was agreed to.
message from the president.
The committee informally rose.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Wiuliam
Gr. Moore, one of his secretaries.
The committee then resumed its session.
army appropriation bill.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I ask to go back in order
to move to strike out the seventh and eighth
lines. They ought to be stricken out in view
of the statement made by the gentleman from
Maine.
Mr. BLAINE. I object to going back.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Let me make a sugges-
tion. I think the committee has resolved the
Army shall be reduced from sixty to thirty-
seven regiments.
Mr. BLAINE. We have done no such
thing.
Mr. VAN WYCK. We have in effect, and
I would like to know what necessity there is
for recruits and transportation if that be done ?
