2304
THE CONGRESSIONAL <JLO®S.
April 1%
tions for reference to appropriate committees,
and not to be brought bade by a motion to
reconsider.
acting assistant surgeons' pensions.
Mr. O'NEILL introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1011) supplementary to the several acts relative
to pensions, proposing to extend their provis-
ions to acting assistant surgeons disabled by
wounds or disease while performing tlie duties
of assistant or acting assistant surgeons; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
exploring expedition.
Mr. CULLOM introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 201) to authorize the Secretary of
War to furnish supplies to an exploring expe-
dition ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affaire.
RiailTS op riparian owners.
Mr. SAWYER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1012) defining the rights of riparian owners of
land acquired by purchase from the United
States on the Menomonee river, in the StateB
of Michigan and Wisconsin; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
hitcucock's revolving iron forts.
Mr. HIGBY introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 252) in relation to Hitchcock's
revolving iron forts; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the joint se-
lect Committee on Ordnance.
miss dorothy l. dix.
Mr. MAYNARD introduced a bill (H. It.
No. 1013) conferring the franking privilege
upon Miss Dorothy L. Dix; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and
ordered to be printed.
memphis, etc., pacific railroad.
Mr. MAYNARD also introduced a bill (II.
R. No. 1014) to aid the Memphis, El Paso,
and Pacific Railroad Company of Texas in the
construction of a railroad and line of telegraph
from the Mississippi river to the Pacific ocean,
and to secure to the Government of the United
States the use of the same for postal, military,
and other purposes; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be
printed.
session for. debate.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I desire,
with the consent of the House, to offer a reso-
lution, not for action at this time, but to go
over until to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. Under the order of the
House that cannot be done at this time. But
the gentleman can now give notice that to-
morrow he will ask leave to submit a resolu-
tion.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Then I
will give notice that to-morrow, on the return
of the House from the Senate Chamber, I will
ask the House to take a recess until seven
o'clock, in order to allow members who choose
to make speeches an opportunity to do so with-
out reference to any action of the House, but
in order that those speeches may be published
and sent to the country.
Allow me to say one word in relation to my
reason for doing this, so that members may re-
flect upon it. It is now very plain that the
Senate will not allow the managers on the part
of the House to speak and lay before the pub-
lic the reasons which they may have in support
of the impeachment of the President, except
so far as those who have been selected for that
purpose may do so. And it is believed that
there may be some advantage in laying before
the country the reasons which they have.
I have, therefore, deemed it right to give
notice of my intention to offer the resolution
of which I refer, merely for the consideration
to the House, not for its action at present;
aud I give the notice at this time in order that
members may have until to-morrow to reflect
upon it and determine whether it would be ex-
pedient to make such an arrangement as I have
suggested, in order that speeches maybe made.
I know there are four or five very able speeches
written, not by the managers only, but by others,
on the subject of impeachment. Whetherornot
it would be prudent to make such an arrange-
ment is a question for the consideration of
members. J give this notice now in order that
I may not bo concluded to-morrow from sub-
mitting the proposition to the House.
The SPEAKER. By the order of the House
no business can be transacted this afternoon
cxcept that of which notice was given; that is,
the introduction of bills and joint resolutions
for reference merely, in order to accommodate
members who have bills which they desire to
get before committees for consideration.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wasii-
burxe] and the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Banks] have already given notice that
to-morrow, on the return of the House to this
Hall, they will endeavor to get the House to
dispose of the pending resolution in relation to
the printing of Manager Butler's argument,
and then to have action taken on the bill in
regard to the rights of American citizens in for-
eign States. The Chair would therefore suggest
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] that Friday would bo a better time than
to-morrow for an evening session.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I would
inquire of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] if he proposes that the man-
agers shall make their speeches to the House
instead of to the Senate?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I was about to make the
same inquiry. It looks as if it was a proposi-
tion to make the arguments hero in the House
before the case is closed in the Senate.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. All I can
say to the gentleman is that it looks very much
now as if the trial were fast approaching its
close. I have already said that I have given
notice of this proposition as a precautionary
measure, so that I may not be precluded from
offering it to-morrow or next day if I choose
to do so. I am not sure that I shall offer it.
Mr. VAN AUKEN. I desire to inquire of
my colleague [Mr. Stevens, of Pennsylvania]
whether the object of this proposition is to
forestall the action of the Senate in regard to
how many speeches shall bo mado in closing
the impeachment trial ?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. As I un-
derstand, the Senate has decided that matter.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is called
for, and the pending question is upon ordering
the main question on the resolution reported
from the Committee on Printing relative to
the publication of the argument of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order,
the pending question being undebatable.
Mr. ELDRlDGrE. I do not wish to indulge
in any debate. I simply desire to ask of the
Committee on Printing that they shall report
the resolution I offered with reference to the
publication of the argument of Judge Curtis,
so that the House may act on the matter.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I did not
call the regular order for the purpose of cut-
ting off that proposition.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. What I desire is that
the House shall act on the two propositions
together. Unless this be assented to, I shall
feel it my duty to require the presence of a
quorum to act upon this question. If both
propositions be acted on at the same time,
there will be no objection on this side of the
House.
Mr. MAYNARD. The chairman of the
Committee on Printing [.Mr. Lafi.ix] ig not
now present.
Mr. CULLOM. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
(at four o'clock and ten minutes p. m.) ad-
journed. _____
petitions, etc.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees :
By Mr. BROOMALL: The petition of many
citizens of Chester and Delaware counties, in
Pennsylvania, praying for the passage of a law
extending the right of suffrage in the District
of Columbia to women.
By Mr. EGGLESTON: The petition of
Mrs. Sarah Johnston, praying for a pension.
Also, two petitions from 200 citizens of the
District of Columbia, praying for the passage
of the bill to authorize the building of a rail-
road from Washington to Cincinnati.
By Mr. FERRISS: A memorial of John
H. Ryenson and 100 others, citizens of New
York city, in favor of a national railroad be-
tween the commercial and Federal capitals of
the nation.
By Mr. O'NEILL: A memorial of Law-
rence Wall, for arrears of pension.
By Mr. STEVENS, of New Hampshire:
The vote of the town of Hillsborough, in New
Hampshire, in favor of the taxation of United
States bonds.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana: The pe-
tition of Marshal N. Snodgrass, for pension.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, April 16, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. II. Gray, D. D.
impeachment of the president.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore called the
Senate to order and at once vacated the chair
that it might be occupied Iby the Chief Jus-
tice.
The Senate sitting for the trial of the im-
peachment having adjourned,
The President -pro tempore resumed the chair
at four o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.,
when, on motion of Mr. HOWE, the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, April 16, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
By unanimous consent the reading of the
Journal of yesterday was dispensed with.
leave of absence.
Mr. Field and Mr. Kitchen obtained leave
of absence indefinitely, and Mr. Archer till
next Monday.
impeachment of the president.
The SPEAKER. The hour of twelve o'clock
having arrived, the House will now resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole, accord-
ing to order, and proceed to the bar of tlie Sen-
ate, following the managers an<J preceded by
the chairman of the Committee of the Whole
who will bo attended by the Clerk and acting
Doorkeeper. There will be business to be
transacted upon the return of the House to this
Hath
T1'e House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole, in obedience to
the order, and proceeded to the bar of the
Senate.
At four o'clock and forty-five minutes p. ra
the Committee of the Whole returned to the
chair & Speaker having resumed the
Mr! WASIIBURNE, of Illinois, made the
following report: The Committee of the Whole
have, according to order, attended the mar,
agers to the bar of the Senate sitting as a court
of impeachment for the trial of Andrew Johif
son; progress has been made in the trial ami
the Senate, sitting as a court of impeachment
has adjourned unUl twelve o'clock tomorrowJ
