THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the record and more cureful preparation than
I have yet been able to make ; but under the
circumstances of the trial I did not feel at lib-
erty to ask that favor or consideration upon my
own account. I have only now to say that if
it is the judgment of the Senate that time
should be granted to the learned counsel who
is to close for the respondent it would cer-
tainly be very desirable on my part that the
time should be granted at once, and that we
may all have the benefit of it in preparing what
we deem it proper to say.
Mr. EVARTS. One word, if I may be in-
dulged. The honorable Senators will also per-
ceive that if Mr. Stanbery's resolution and
expectation should be disappointed, it is then
a matter of some importance for us of the de-
fense to supply his place as well as we may on
an unexpected emergency, and a little time in
that behalf also would be valuable to us.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Chief Justice, I move
that the Senate, sitting as a court of impeach-
ment, adjourn until Thursday morning.
Several Senators. Say Wednesday.
Mr. Manager LOGAN. If the gentleman
will withdraw the motion for a moment, 1 de-
sire to make a request of the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly; or rather I
would submit the motion in this form: that
when the Senate, sitting as a court of impeach-
ment, adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet at
eleven o'clock on Wednesday morning.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest twelve o'clock
instead of eleven. ["No, no."]
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The rule now fixes
eleven as the hour of meeting.
Mr. Manager LOGAN. I merely desire to
make a request. Is this the proper time to do
it, sir?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. It is.
Mr. Manager LOGAN. Mr. President and
Senators, I desire to make a request of the
Senate before the adjournment, as doubtless
hat will be granted upon the statement of the
honorable counsel for the President and the
Managers, as they both seem to desire this ex-
tension of time. I have not presumption
enough to ask of the Senate permission to ad-
dress them on the issues presented for their
consideration, nor do I desire to do so ; but I
ask that I may be permitted to file to-day the
printed argument which I have prepared that it
may become a part of the record, without taking
;he time of the Senate, inasmuch as the evi-
dence on both sides, for the prosecution on the
part of the people and for the respondent, has
been closed.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I move
that leave be granted to the Manager to file his
argument.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. That involves a
change of the rules, and it cannot be done if
there is any objection.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I object.
Mr. JOHNSON. May I ask the honorable
Manager whether the argument is now in print?
Mr. Manager LOGAN. It is, and I am
ready to file it at once.
Mr. STEWART. I make the motion that
leave be granted, and that the Manager furnish
a copy of his argument to the other side.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The order cannot
be made except by unanimous consent, as it
involves a change of the rules. Is there unani-
mous consent?
Mr. BUCKALEW. I object.
Mr. WILSON. I ask that the rule bearing
on this matter be read.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the twenty-first rule.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"XXI. The case, on each side, shall be opened by
one person. The final argument on the merits may
be made by two persons on each aide, (unless other-
wise ordered by the Senate, upon application for
that purpose,) and the argument shall be opened and
closed on the part of the House of Representatives."
Mr. Manager LOGAN. Mr. President, the
:eason I made the request to-day—if it is
ienied, as a matter of course I shall not renew
it—was that I might present the argument I
have prepared, to the counsel for the respond-
ent, that they, if they saw anything worthy of
reply in it, might have an opportunity of reply-
ing in their argument.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The rule permits
argument by but two counsel, one in opening
and one in the close on the part of the Man-
agers and two on the part of the President.
The question of changing the rule has been
frequently before the Senate and the Senate
has uniformly refused to alter it. An order can
be submitted to-day to be considered on the
next day of meeting, but not for present con-
sideration except by unanimous consent.
Mr. HOWE. I did not hear any objection.
The CHIEF1 J USTICE. Objection has been
made.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I object.
Mr. Manager BOUTWELL. Mr. President,
before the adjournment of the Senate I should
like to call the attention of the counsel for the
respondent to a feature of the testimony. It
happens that the Managers, as I suppose, under
the construction given to the rule, are to pro-
ceed first in the argument. A large mass of
testimony has been introduced upon the sub-
ject of removals and appointments. At the
present time I am not informed whether there
are special cases on which the counsel for the
President rely. I think it may be proper for
me at this time to ask them whether there are
cases upon which they purpose to rely as fur-
nishing precedents for the course pursued by
the President on the 21st of February.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, I will make
a motion, to lie over until to-morrow, that the
twenty-first rule be so modified as to allow the
honorable Manager 
The CHIEF J USTICE. The order will be
reduced to writing.
Mr. STEWART. I have drawn up an order
which I submit in writing.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator from
Nevada submits an order, which will be read
by the Secretary.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Ordered, That the honorable Manager LooANliave
leave to flic Ins wiittcn argument to-day and furnish
a copy to eacli of the counsel for the respondent.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I submit,
as a substitute for that, to go over with it, the
following:
That the Managers on the part of the House of
Representatives and the counsel for tlio respondent
have leave to file written or printed arguments before
the oral argument commences.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The order sub-
mitted by the Senator from Nevada is under
consideration unless objected to.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I mean my objection
to apply to all this.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. It is objected to.
For information, the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Ohio will be read.
Mr. STEWART. I will accept the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Ohio as a
substitute for my proposition.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The order as now
proposed will be read for information.
The Chief Clork read as follows :
Ordered, That the Managers on the part of the
House of Representatives and the counsel for the
rcspondenthave leave to file written orpnnted argu-
ments before the oral argument commences.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The present con-
sideration of the order is objected to ; it will
lie over until to-morrow.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. Chief Justice, the
motion now made is a change of the rule, and
I object to it.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. It is already ob-
jected to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I now renew the motion
that when the Senate, sitting as a court of im-
peachment, adjourns, it adjourn to meet at
eleven o'clock on Wednesday.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
sitting for this tiial do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Sen-
ate, sitting for the trial of the impeachment,
adjourned until Wednesday, the 22d instant.
Wednesday, April 22,1868.
The Chief Justice of the United States took
the chair.
The usual proclamation having been made
by the Sergeant-at-Arms,
The Managers of the impeachment on the
part of the House of Representatives and,the
counsel for the respondent, except Mr. Stan-
bery, appeared and took the seats assigned to
them respectively.
The members of the House of Representa-
tives, as in Committee of the Whole, preceded
by Mr. E. B. Washbcrne, chairman of that
committee, and accompanied by the Speaker
and Clerk, appeared and were conducted to
the seats provided for them.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the minutes of Monday's proceedings.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I move that
the reading of the Journal be dispensed with.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Unless there be
some objection it will be so ordered. The Chair
hears no objection. It is so ordered. Senators,
the business under consideration when the Sen-
ate adjourned on Monday was an order offered
by the Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Stewart,]
which the Clerk will read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Ordered, That the Managers on the part of the
House of Representatives and the counsel of the
respondent have leave to file written or printed argu-
ments before the oral argument commences.
Mr. VICKERS. Mr. President, I beg leave
to otfer this as a substitute.
The CHIEF J USTICE. The Secretary will
read the substitute.
The Ciiiee Clerk. It is proposed to strike
out all of the proposed order, and insert in
lieu thereof:
As the counsel for the President have signified to
the Senate, sitting as a court for the trial of the im-
peachment, that they did not desire to file written or
printed arguments, but preferred to argue orally, if
allowed to do so : Therefore,
liesolved. That anytwo of thoManagorsotherthan
those who under the presont rule are to open and
close the discussion, and who have not already ad-
dressed the Senate, be permitted to file written argu-
ments at or bel'oro the adjournment of to-day, or to
make oral addresses after the opening by one of the
Managers mid the first reply of the President's coun-
sel, and that other two of the counsel for tho Presi-
dent who have not spoken may have the privilege
of reply, but alternating with tho said two Managers,
leaving the closing argument for the President and
the Managers' final reply to be made under the ori-
ginal rule.
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Chief Justice, it may
have some bearing possibly on the vote which
is to be taken on this proposition if I were to
state what I am now authorized to state, that
the extent of Mr. Stanbery's indisposition is-
such that it will be impraeticablc for him to
take any further part in this trial.
The CHIEB1 JUSTICE. Senators, you who
agree to the amendment proposed by way of
substitute by the Senator from Maryland will
say ay.
Mr. CONNESS called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. YATES. I ask for the reading of the
amendment.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. _ The Secretary will
read tho original proposition and also the
substitute.
The Chief Clerk read the order proposed
by Mr. Stewart and the amendment of Mr.
Vickers.
The question on the amendment being taken
by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas 26, nays 20;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buekalew, Cragin, Davis, Doolit-
tle, Edmunds, 1'esseuden, Fowler, lYelingrhuysen,
Grimes, Hendricks, Johnson, McCreeryv Morrill of
Maine, Morton, Norton, Patterson of New Hamp-
shire, Patterson of Tennessee, Sanlsbnry, Sprague,
Tipton, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Vickers, Willey,
Wilson, and Yates—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Chandler, Con-
ness, Corbett, Drake, Ferry, Henderson, Howard,
Howe, Morgan, Morrill of Vermont, Pomeroy,
Ramsey, Ross, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer,
and Williams—20.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cole,
Conkling, Dixon, Harlan, Nye, and Wade—8.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Cali-
fornia, [Mr. Cole,] who sits by my side, has
been called suddenly to leave the city on
