1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
justice in it. No American citizen, whether
lie is a native born or a naturalized citizen, or
whether he has simply declared his intention
to be naturalized, should be denied the pro-
tection of the Government of the United States.
Two parties are now before the people of
the United States. In 1864 the Democratic
party of the United States, representing every
State in the Union, assembled in Chicago, and
presided over by Horatio Seymour, the can-
didate of the Democratic party at this time
for the Presidency, declared by solemn resolu-
tion that the war which was then being prose-
cuted to suppress the rebellion was a failure.
The man who presided at the head of that
convention which made that declaration, and
which sent discouragement to our troops in
the Army, and encouragement and aid and
sympathy to the rebels, is now the declared
candidate of the Democratic convention lately
assembled in New York for the Presidency of
tjie United States. Sir, we met that conven-
tion before the people, we met them upon the
field of battle, and we planted our flag where
ever traitor hands had pulled it down. We
consigned that convention, presided over by
Horatio Seymour, upon that issue that the war
was a failure, to the tomb of oblivion, and we
triumphed, and gloriously triumphed.
But, sir, that was not all. That convention
declared that there should be no proclamation
of emancipation, that there should be no free-
dom to the slaves of the South. The Repub-
lican party took up the issue, and they have
given life and liberty to four millions of God's
long oppressed and downtrodden poor. This
is what has been accomplished by the Re-
publican party. Not only that, but the Repub-
lican party, opposed by the whole strength of
the Democratic party, said they would confer
the rights of freemen in the South upon these
four millions of the oppressed, and they have
done so.
I rise now simply to say that the mission of
the Republican party is to give liberty to the
captives and rights to the emancipated; to con-
fer not only freedom but equal rights and equal
suffrage upon every man on the whole con-
tinent of North America, whether in the North
or in the South, without distinction of color,
race, or condition.
Moreover, the Republican party now plants
upon its banner, in defiance of all opposition,
that without regard to nativity, wherever a
man may be born, in any empire, upon any
continent or island, wherever the American
flag floats, there will float protection to the
American citizen, whether he be native born
or naturalized, whether he be born in this
country or any other land. Mr. President,
this is the doctrine; this is the gospel of the
Republican party—equal rights to all at home
and abroad ; equal rights to all without regard
to color or nativity. X could not let, this oc-
casion pass without, saying that this is the fl.tg
beneath which we fight; this is the ensign by
which we conquer.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Michigan.
Mr. HOWARD. I call for the' yeas and
nays upon that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 19 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs.Cameron, Chandler, Conness, Cor-
hctt, Cragin, Harlan, Howard, MoCrcery, Morgan,
Nye, Osborn, Pattei'^onof Tennessee, Ramsey, ltice,
Sawyer, Sprague, Stewart, Thayer, AVade, Welch,
Williams, Wilson andYates—23.
Dc
lie  .      
ot New Hampshire, Pomeroy, Sherman, Sumner,
Trumbull, Van Winkle. Vickers, and Wiiley—h).
A13SKNT—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Cattell, Cole,
Davis, Dixon, Drake, Edmunds, Fowler, Grimes,
Henderson, Howe, Kellogg, McDonald, Morrill of
Maine, Norton, Pool, Robertson, lloss, Saulsbury,
Tipton, and Whyte—22.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FE11RY. I have an amendment which
I wish to offer in the nature of a substitute for
the whole bill, f move to strike out all of the
preamble and all after the enacting clause,
40th Oont«. 2d Skss.—No. 2*73.
and substitute after the enacting clause the
amendment that I send to the Chair.
Mr. CONNESS. It is not in order.
Mr. B'ERRY. If it is not in order I will wait
until it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands it to be in order. I understand
it as a substitute for the bill.
Mr. FERRY. In the nature of a substi-
tute.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President 
Mr. FERRY. Let it be read, and we shall
see.
Mr. CONNESS. This is a substitute for
the preamble and bill. I ask whether it is in
order to act on the preamble now at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not.
Mr. FERRY. Then I will leave out the
part in regard to the preamble, and move to
strike out all of the bill after, the enacting
clause, and insert:
That, all naturalized citizens of the United States
while in foreign States shall be entitled to, and shall
receive from this Government, the same protection
of persons and property that is accorded to native-
born citizens.
Sec. 2. And be it further cnacted, That whenever
the rights of any citizen of the United States who
may be m any foreign country shall be infringed by
the Government of that country, it shall be tho duty
of the President of the United States to extend to the
citizen so injured the protection of this Government
by every necessary means in accordance with the
law of nations and the Constitution, treaties, and
laws of the United States.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on this amendment as a substitute for
the bill.
Mr. STEWART called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. CONNESS. This question has assumed
a great many shapes since it has been before
the Senate; and this I think one of its most
effeminate ones ; one of its most lame and im-
potent ones. If language could be employed
so that less could be expected from any act
passed on the subject there could be no greater
success realized than in the language employed
here. I should expect it would get the votes
of those who simply desire to otfer to men
incarcerated in prison fine words and plati-
tudes, but of none others.
Mr. FERRY. The subject-matter which has
engaged the attention of the Senate so long is
one which, in my judgment, does require some
legislative action. We have had from time to
time in the history of this Government com-
plaints made of the action of foreign Govern-
ments upon such of their former subjects as
had become naturalized citizens of the United
States. It was evident early that the difficulty
grew out of the old doctrine of perpetual alle-
giance held generally by the European Powers
and practically denied in this country under
our system of naturalization. It was, there-
fore, evident to every intelligent man that it
was impossible to accomplish a perfect rem-
edy except through the treaty-making power.
To change the law of nations by a municipal
statute is a thing which every intelligent per-
son knows cannot be accomplished. Conse-
quently the Government for a considerable
period past has been taking the right, proper
course to remedy the evils complained of,
to wit, by negotiation and the exchange of
treaties.
But recently there has been in one foreign
country an insurrection, more or less formid-
able. J n that insurrection citizens of the United ]
States, both naturalized and native born, are j
said to have been auxiliaries. I do not know !
whether the fact was so or not. It is said to j
be so. The insurrection was unsuccessful, and |
citizens of the United States were arrested, j
charged with violation of the municipal law of i
the country in which they were arrested, con- i
victed, andare now imprisoned. It is asserted 1
that the conviction and imprisonment are
wrongful, contrary to the law of nations, and
especially contrary to the principles of this
Government, so far as those principles demand
its protection to its naturalized as well as its
native citizens. Now, sir, I hold, and 1 have
always held, as a matter of national duty, that
wo must extend to our naturalized citizens all
over the globe, wherever they may go in the
pursuit of business or pleasure,.the same pro-
tection which we extend to out native-born
citizens ; and the object which is sought to be
accomplished by this bill is to effectuate such
protection whenever it shall be needed.
The difficulty we have tad is this: we have
been undertaking to pass a municipal law
which could not have any extra territorial effi-
cacy for the purpose of affecting the status of
citizens of the United States charged with
offenses against the municipal laws of other
countries. No one, I suppose, not even the
Senator from California, desires that this Gov-
ernment shall do more than protect its citizens,
whether native or naturalized, against injuries
inflicted upon them by foreign Governments.
Mr. CONNESS. Certainly not.
Mr. FERRY. But my friend, the Senator
from California, desires a bill to point out some
specific kind of protection in some specific
mode. I must say that in my judgment the
original bill, as passed by the House of Repre-
sentatives and referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations in the Senate, in attempting
to point out a specific mode of extending this
protection went back in civilization and under-
took to introduce here into our practice cus-
toms which have been abandoned by the civil-
ized world for ages.
The thing which we wish to do, and which
we ought to do, is to impose upon the Presi-
dent of the United States, the executive power
of the country, a specific duty which he shall
be enabled to perform without the necessity of
referring the subject-matter in every instance
to Congress. I have not been in favor of the
propositions here made to refer the informa-
tion the President may receive to Congress,
because the delay thus occasioned might be
very injurious to the rights of American citi-
zens, and yet the President of the United
States might not feel authorized, without legis-
lation, to employ some of the means known
to the law of nations, and which he might ex-
ercise by the law of nations, for the protection
of American citizens injured by foreign Gov-
ernments without a reference of the subject-
matter to Congress, as in Congress rests the
responsibility of declaring war and making
peace, and the President might feel, without
legislation authorizing him to take the prelim-
inary steps which might ultimately lead to war,
that he ought not to take them without a ref-
erence to Congress.
The amendment which I have proposed
clothes expressly the President of the United
States, without a reference of the information
which has been communicated by him to Con-
gress, with the power of using all the needful
means to extend the protection of the Govern-
ment over a citizen who is injured by a foreign
Government—all needful means known to the
law of nations and under the Constitution,
treaties, and laws of the United States. I ask
what more can any reasonable man want? I
am not a naturalized citizen; I am a native-
born citizen, but I, for one, as a native-born
citizen, would ask no further law than that
which is embodied in the amendment which I
have presented, anywhere upon the face of this
broad earth; for wherever 1 might be, under
the operation of that law I should feel that
the Executive of my couutry would employ
whatever needful means were authorized by
the law of nations and the organic and other
laws of the United States for my protection
if I were injured abroad. If there be nothing
else under this bill, and under the series of
movements from which this bill has originated,
than an honest desire to protect the citizens of
this country in their rights while temporarily
abroad, in my judgment this amendment is all-
sufficient for both native and naturalized. If
there be any other motive underlying the bill
I do not know what it is; I do not say that
there is: but, it is a motive which is not revealed
in the discussions of eitherof these two Houses,
and therefore not a matter for my considera-
tion here.
