1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2305
KEW MEXICO CONTESTED ELECTION.
The'SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before t.he House evidenceiti the contested-
election case ot Chaves vs. Clever, from the
Territory of New Mexico ; which was referred
to the Committee of Elections.
FOURTEENTH CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House proceedings of the
Legislature of Arkansas upon the ratification
of the fourteenth constitutional amendment;
which were referred to the Committee on Re-
construction, and ordered to be printed.
CRIMES AGAINST HIE UNITED STATES.
Mr. SPALDING, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. It. No. 1015) to amend
an act entitled "An act for the punishment
of certain crimes against the United States,"
approved April 30, 1790, so as to extend the
time within which certain offenses may be
prosecuted ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Re-
vision of the Laws of the United States, and
ordered to be punted.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I move
that the reference of all those bills and other
propositions be reconsidered.
The SPEAKER. Daring tlie pendency of
the President's trial in the Senate such is the
order of the House that bills and joint reso-
lutions shall be introduced for reference only
and not to be brought back by a motion to re-
consider.
VALLEJO AND HUMBOLDT BAY RAILROAD.
Mr. JOHNSON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (FI. R. No. 1016) granting
lands to the State of California for the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph line from
Vallejo to Humboldt bay ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.
OSAGE INDIAN LANDS.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I ask unanimous
consent to present the following resolution:
Rffolvcd, Thnt the Secretary of the Interior is
hereby requested to immediately ?ucpend thesale of
ail l.trid;? ceded and sold ro the United States by
treaty wiih tfieat and Little Osage Indians, pro-
claimed J.inunry 20.1S37, and now adveUised to take
place at ilumboldt, Kansas, on and after the 1st of
May next.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not object to its
being referred to the Committee on the Public
Lauds.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. If the gentleman
will listen to a short explanation he will not
object lo the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. RANDALL. It is an important mat-
ter, and should go to a committee.
Subsequently Mr. Randall withdrew his
objection, and the resolution was adopted.
SPEECH OF MANAGER BUTLER.
Mr. GARFIELD. I call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is,
" Shall the main question be ordered to be now
put on the resolution reported from the Com-
mittee on Printing for the printing of forty
thousand copies of the opening speech of Man-
ager Bctj.er in the trial of the President of
the United States?"
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridgh] moved an amend-
ment to that resolution, which the Chair de-
cided could not be received ; that under the
law it must be referred to the Committee on
Printing. Desiring that nothing shall be done
which will be unequal or unjust in this matter.
I move that the pending resolution, with the
resolution of the gentleman from Wisconsin,
for the printing of Mr. Curtis's speech, be re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing.
The SPEAKER. The resolution of the
gentleman from Wisconsin has already been
referred to that committee.
Mr. MAYNARD. I must object to it. They
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 145.
do not stand upon the same footing. The
speech of Manager Bctlek is the speech of an
officer of this House in the discharge of an
official act.
Mr. GARFIELD. I do not controvert that;
but let both go to the committee for considera-
tion.
Mr. CHANLER. I make the point that
debate is not in order.
Mr. KELSEY. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
A quorum, or nearly so, is present.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that there be a call of the House.
'Mr. RANDALL. Let us see first, by a
count, whether u quorum is present.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I with-
draw ray motion for the present.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
the gentleman from Ohio to move to recon-
sider the vote by which the previous question
was seconded.
Mr. GARFIELD. That is what I desire.
The House divided; aiul there were—ayes
55, noes 27 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Mr. Garfield and Mr. Elduidce.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes GO, noes 22; still 110 quorum
voting.
Mr. GLOSS BRENNER moved that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. HfGBY demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. CHANLER called for tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered, and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
The House then refused to adjourn.
MESSAGE l'LIOM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forxey,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed a bill (S. No. 4(5*2) making ap-
propriations for the expenses of the tiial of the ,
impeachment of Andrew Johnson and other !
contingent expenses of the Senate for the year j
ending June o0, 1868, and for other purposes ; ;
in which he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the House.
CALL OF THIS II0URE.
Mr. GARFIELD. I now move that there
be a call of the House.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 50, noes 20.
The roll was accordingly called ; when the
following-named members failed to answer to
their names:
Most*. Allison, Archer, Arnell, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Axtol), Bailey, Baldwin,Barnum.
Ben man, Bei)j,imin,Benton,Bm£ham.Blaine,]3*.ur,
Brooks, Burr, Butler, Churehi.l, Dixon, Dodgro,.Don-
nelly, Kcklev, Tarns worth, Fen y, Finney, Fox,G«>tz,
Golhuliiy, Giaveiy. Gti^wold, Grovcr, Haight, ilal-
pey, Hill, llolman, Hooper, Hopkins, UolchkisN
Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hum-
phrey, Hunter, Hurersoll, Julian, Keiley, Kerr,
Kitchen, Knott, L.iiim, WilUam Lawrcnce, Loan,
Lo-.m. Loujbiidin\ Lvnch, M.ir-.hjiil, Marvin, Mc-
C.n tbv, Mi'Cormiek, MeCullouuh, Mooie, Morgan,
Morrell, Morri^ey. Munjren, Kewcomb. Jublnck,
Pike, Poland. Pomeroy, Pticc, Pruyn.Xlo^. Sawyer,
Sehenek, feeiye, Shelhibarirer. Si'greave^, Thaddeus
Stevens, Stewart, Stokes. St one. Thomas, John Trim-
ble, Trowbi ids?e, Twiehel), \ an Trump, Van Wyck,
Ward, Cadv.nl.idt'r C. Washburn,Tnomas William,s
Wood, Woodbridgo, and Woodward.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state be-
fore the doors are closed aud the call pro-
ceeded in, if that be the order of the House,
that ninety-four members have answered to
their names, which, with the Speaker, would
make one less than a quorum. The Chair was
desired by a sub-committee of the Committee
of Ways and Means, Mr. Schcnck, Mr. Alli-
son, and Mr. Hooper of Massachusetts, to
state that they are in consultation in the trans-
action of their business in a room at the Treas-
ury Department, and will come whenever sent
for when the House proceeds to business.
Mr. KELSEY. If we adjourn now, will this
business be the first thing in order to-morrow?
The SPEAKER. * It would be except for
the order that the House shall, at twelve
o'clock, proceed to the Senate Chamber, If
notice be given, it will be resumed when the
House returns from the Senate Chamber.
Mr. KELSEY. Then I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. Vi ASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman to withdraw that motion for a
moment to enable me to have a bill from the
Senate referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
Mr. KELSEY. I withdraw the motion.
SENATE CONTINGENT EXPENSES.
On motion of Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illi-
nois, by unanimous consent, the bill (S. No.
402) making appropriations for the expenses
of the trial of the impeachment of Andrew
Johnson, and other contingent expenses of the
Senate for the year ending June 80, 1868, and
for other purposes, was taken from the Speak-
er's table, read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
CHANGE OF KEFEItENCE.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is requested
by the gentleman from New York [Mr. Lin-
coln] to state that the report of the Secretary
of War, transmitting papers relative to the
claim of J. E. Reeside for services as a con-
tractor, was erroneously referred to the Com-
mittee 011 the Post Office and Post Roads.
The Chair stated at the time the communication
was presented that he thought it ought to go to
the Committee on Military Affairs, but the
House oidered it to be referred to the Post
Office Committee on account of the name of
the contractor. It appears that the Chair was
correct, and, if there be no objection, the Com-
mittee 011 the Post Office and Post Roads will
be discharged from the further consideration
of the report, and it will be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
POST U0UTE IN ILLINOIS.
Mr. COOK, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. 1U17) to extend a mad
route from Serena to Ottawa, in the State of
Illinois; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
CALL OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. KELSEY. Can less than a quorum of
the House dispense with further proceedings
under the call of the House?
The SPEAKER. Certainly.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that further pro-
ceedings in the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. DRIGGS, (at
five o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By Mr. CHANLER : A memorial of mem-
bers of the New Yoik Corn Exchange, in favor
of the construction of the New York and Wash-
ington railway, arid asking for the passage of
the bill now before Congress.
By Mr. COBB: The petition of General J.
B. Moore and others, for a post route from
Muscoda, Grant county, to Richland Center,
Richland comity, Wisconsin.
By Mr. PETERS i The petition of Ransom
Ilorton and others, for .the predion of Aroos-
took county, in the State of Maine, into a dis-
trict for the collection of customs.
Also, the petition of David Dudley and others,
for same.
Also, the petition of C. F. A. Johnson and
others, for same.
Also, the petition of Daniel Randall and
others, for same.
Also, the petition of L. Powers and others,
for same.
By Mr. WOODWARD : A memorial of the
Philadelphia Drug Exchange.
