1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1281
The Clerk read as follows :
For commutation of officers' subsistence, $2,133,-
413.
Mr. WOOD. I move to reduce it to
$2,000,000.
Mr. Chairman, I do that for the purpose of
referring to a remark made by the gentleman
from Maine at the commencement of the dis-
cussion on this bill. I understood him to say
the aggregate amount of the appropriation
called for by this bill is no more than hereto-
fore appropriated under Democratic adminis-
trations. Now in referring to the appropria-
tions for the year ending the 20th of June,
1861, I discover the whole aggregate amount
of appropriations in the Army appropriation
bill was $10,489,033. The amount required
for the pay of the Army at that time was
$3,591,000 as against $15,000,000 called for
by this bill.
It is apparent, therefore, that the gentleman
was laboring under a very grave misapprehen-
sion as to the amount of money expended for
military purposes heretofore. I repeat, if the
House earnestly desires the reduction of the
expenditures of the Government it does ap-
pear to me that they should begin at once with
a department which in one item calls for an
expenditure equal to what was almost the entire
expenditure of the Government at a not very
remote period. If we are to have economy
here is where we should begin.
The gentleman says this is for the support
of sixty regiments. Now, there is not ohe
regiment that is nearly full. i will give the gen-
tleman an opportunity to answer me that ques-
tion, whether these sixty regiments are full, or
anything like full? I ask him whether there
are sixty thousand or fifty thousand or forty
thousand men who are proposed to-day to be
Drovided for by this bill? 1 pause for a reply.
Are they full or nearly full?
Mr. BLAINE. They are not.
Mr. WOOD. How near full are they?
Mr. BLAINE. By General Grant's order,
excepting cavalry, theservice has been reduced
to the minimum.
Mr. WOOD. What is that?
Mr. BLAINE. Fifty men to a company.
Mr. WOOD. That would make in the aggre-
gate ?
Mr. BLAINE. About forty-two thousand
men for the Army.
Mr. WOOD. Here is a proposition to ap-
propriate §33,000,000 for forty-two thousand
meu. By the deliciency bill next year it will
be run up to an aggregate of $50,000,000 for
the purpose of keeping up forty-two thousand
men.
Mr. BLAINE. I hold in my hand the esti-
mate of the expenses of the War Department
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 18G1, and
it is over twentyJthree million dollars. I ask
for a vote.
Mr. SCHENCK. i more to amend the
amendment by reducing the amount from
$2,133,413 to $1,800,000, and I will give my
reasons, founded upon the premises furnished
by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Blaixe.]
The gentleman informs us that the reduction of
the number of officers will be one hundred and
ninety-five for the present year. _ About sixty
graduate at West Point. Taking the sixty
from one hundred and ninety-five leaves one
Inmdied and thhty-five officers. That is a re-
duction of just fifteen per cent, from the whole
number of officers. Now, here is an appropri-
ation '-for commutation of officers'subsistence,
1?2,1!!3.113" in the face of the amendment just
made, which is to reduce, during the coming
year, the number of officers fifteen per cent.
1 take the gentleman's own figures, and taking
oft' fifteen per cent, from the whole amount
appropriated I reduce it to $l,Slo,000. It is
a nu'ie matter of arithmetic, about which the
committee can satisfy themselves. We have
adopted a rule bv which one hundred and thirty-
five otlieers less"than we have now are to be
provided for in the next fiscal year. I propose
to reduce the appropriation accordingly.
Mr. BLAINE. 1 oppose the amendment.
40tii Co:sv.. 2r> Sk*s.—No. SI.
The gentleman's figures are not correct in re-
gard to the total number of officers in the Army.
Mr. SCHENCK. I took your own figures.
Mr. BLAINE. You took the wrong column.
I ask for a vote.
-Mr. WOOD. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I move mine as an
original amendment, to strike out $2,133,413
and insert $1,800,000.
The question being taken on the amend-
ment, there were—ayes 50, noes 20; no quorum
voting.
Mr. BLAINE. Let it be considered as
adopted.
The amendment was accordingly adopted.
The Clerk read as follows:
For commutation of forage for officers' horses,
§20,000. 1
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to reduce that
amount fifteen per cent. I move to strike out
$20,000 and insert 817,500.
Mr. BLAINE. Does the gentleman intend
to apply the same rule to all officers in the
Army? Does he propose to apply his arith-
metic to all the captains and lieutenants of
infantry who are not entitled to horses ?
Mr. SCHENCK. This general legislation
is thrust upon us without an opportunity to
cipher; therefore we have to arrive at the
result upon such bases as we have. As the
committee have decided to re'duce the number
of officers for the next fiscal year at the rate
of fifteen per cent., I propose to reduce the
appropriation for the officers that amount. 1
know it will not come out exactly right, but
we have not time to cipher out these things as
they are forced upon us in these appropriation
bills.
Mr. BLAINE. If the committee wish to
indulge the gentleman with this pleasantry 
Mr. SCHENCK. No pleasantry.
Mr. BLAINE. Or factiousness, if you
please; whatever any one may choose to call
it, of course they can delay the passage of this
bill. I desire to state that this bill has been
reduced with the utmost possible care, in view
of the fact of this amendment, and reduced on
the basis of this amendment. Every calcula-
tion that could be made at Army headquarters
by those who furnish supplies has been made
with the utmost exactness.
Mr. BAUM. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask if General Grant recommends this pro-
viso ?
Mr. BLAINE. Yes, sir; he did.
Mr. HIGBY. I ask the gentleman if there
was not over one hundred thousand dollars
appropriated last year?
Mr. BLAINE. Yes, sir; over one hundred
thousand dollars.
Mr. PILE. I desire to know if General
Grant directly recommended this proviso. I
want the answer to that question on record.
Mr. BLAINE. If the gentleman is so de-
sirous of putting it on record, I will state that
at his headquarters to-day at twelve o'clock
I submitted the proviso that appears in the
printed bill. He objected to having the num-
ber of regiments reduced as was proposed ; ^he
objected 10 specifying the number; and then I
wrote, according to his dictation, the exact and
literal—verbatim, et punduaiim, et literatim— j
amendment which 1 have proposed. Is the j
gentleman satisfied? Does he mean to raise a t
question of veracity with me on that statement ?
Mr. PILE. Oh, no.
Mr. BLAINE. And more than that the
very provision to all intents and purposes wnich
has"been voted bv this lloiise to-day is now on
the Speaker's table from the Senate, having
been put into a bill by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs of the Senate with
the concurrence and advice of General Grant.
The difference is just this: the biU from the
Senate simply says that there shall be no fur-
ther second lieutenants appointed, and this
proviso says that no new commissions shall be
lfe*Mr. BAUM. I understood the gentleman
to state to the House that the estimates ^on
which this bill is based were mado with refer-
ence to the adoption^ of this proviso, and Me
also states that this bill contains the estimates
as General Grant gave them,
Mr. BLAINE. Yes, sir.
Mr. EAUM. And then, in answer to my
question, he says that General GranJ; to-day at
twelve o'clock approved of his proviso. -
Mr. BLAINE. Yes; and it has had the ap-
proval of General Grant for the last six or eight
days. •
Mr. EAUM. How is it possible, if General
Grant only gave his concurrence in the pro-
viso to-day, that he made his estimates with
reference to the proviso?"
Mr. BLAINE. General Grant gave his con-
currence six or eight days ago. I was merely
speaking as to the literal form of the amend-
ment.
Now, what difference does it make? Who
in the world is it who is guilty of the bad taste
of obtruding General Grant's name here at all
times, as though we could not legislate about
an Army bill or have any independent legis-
lation in the House without asking whether
General Grant approves it? I never proposed
to use the name of General Grant in legislating
here. I have too much respect for General
Grant to be obtruding his name in that way
into this House. It was introduced by the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. PiLif] and the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Raum.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word. In the
estimates from the War Department laid before
the House I find,'' For commutation of forage
for officers' horses, $20,000," and in this bill
I find that same item. That estimate was
made for the whole Army as it is, counting all
the regiments full of men and officers.
Now, what do I propose? I do not arraign
the House for what they have done or for the
peculiar mode in which they propose to reduce
the Army, but I say that in reducing it in thai;
way, by the admission of the gentleman him-
self who represents the committee that reported
this bill, they have provided for reducing the
number of officers fifteen per cent, of the whole
number, and I propose, as a consequence of
that, to reduce each of the appropriations in
the same ratio.
Now, it will not do to say that this is " pleas-
antry," that it is " faction." I want it under-
stood that I stand here as a Representative of
the American people, with precisely the same
right to offer an amendment to this bill and to
give my reasons for it and to insist on the
soundness of those reasons as the committee
have under the order of the House to report
the bill; and 1 say that if this House wants to
be consistent, when it has adopted a scheme
foi^ reduction of the number of the officers
of the Army, they ought not to go on afterward
by one item and another of appropriations ap-
propriating for the full number of officers esti-
mated lor without taking that reduction into
account. If that is not plain English, and sep-
arate from anything like ufaction," I do not
understand what it is ; and as to pleasantry,
this matter of dollars and cents is too serious
a matter to be dealt with in any light manner
by anybody. I want to cut our coat accoru-
ing to our cloth, and if gentlemen reduce the
size of the cloth, why we must make the coat
a little less, or if, to reverse the figure, we do
not require so large a coat, we must not use so
much cloth. 1 hat is all.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to state that the
appropriation for this same object last year
was $101,600. We this year propose to ap-
propriate less than one fifth of that amount.
Mr. SCHENCK. What is the amount called
for in the estimate? . , . . j *
Mr. BLAINE. The estimate is cut dowff
to a very low figure, and after we had revised
and rerevised that matter and had discussed
the point fully the general opinion was that the
amount had been placed too low in the original
estimate, and that this item would probably be
found deficient,, the only one, I suppose, that
will be deficient. I am quite sure the Com-
mittee of the Whole will not think $20,000 too
