m
SUPPLEMENT TO
account of a matter of deep interest to his
family. He wished me to say this to the
Senate in explanation of his absence.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question re-
curs on the order as amended.
Mr. CONNESS called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered ; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 20, nays 2G; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cragin, Davis, Doolit-
tlo, i'owler, Hcmirieka, Johnson, McCrcery, Morton,
Norton, Patterson of jSTew Hampshire, Patterson of
Tennessee, Saulsbury, Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull,
Yjokers, Willoy, Wilson, and Yates—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Cattcll, Chandler, Con-
ness, Coibett, Drake, Edmunds, Ferry. Fessenden,
Fielinuhuysen, Uriine*. Hendeison, Howard, Ilowe,
Moroni, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Pomeroy, Ram-soy. Ross, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart,
Thayer, Van Winkle, and Williams—20.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cole,
Coukling, Dixon, Harlan, Nye, and Wade—8.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. VICKERS. Mr. President, I send an
order to the chair.
_ Mr. Manager STEVEN'S. Mr. Chief Jus-
tice, I desire to make an inquiry; and that is
whether there is any impropriety in any Man-
ager's publishing a short argument after this
vote. After the motion made here on Mon-
day some few of us, I among the rest, com-
menced to write out a short argument. I ex-
pect to finish it to-night, and, if the first vote
had passed, I meant to file it. I do not know
that there is ftny impropriety now in printing it
except that it will not go into the proceedings.
I would not like to do anything which would
be improper, and 1 inquire whether there would
be any impropriety?
Mr. FKKRY. Mr. President, I inquire
whether it would be in order to move the
original order upon which wo have taken no
vote, introduced, I think, by the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumnkr.]
The CHIEF J (JSTICE. It would not. As
the Chief Justice understands the matter is
finally disposed of. A proposition has been
offered by the Senator from Maryland, [Mr.
VicKKttH, ] which will be read for information.
The Chief Clerk-read the order proposed by
Mr. Vickbus, as follows:
That otio of the M.makers on tho part of tho
Houm' he permitted t,o lt!e his printed iirtfunieiu be-
fore tho adjournment ot to-day, ami that a fter an oral
opciiiux hy a Manager and the reply ot' one of the
!'r<".ideiit eounsel, another o! tin, l'i CMilrut's coun-
sel sha 11 have the piiviletfe ot tilincr a u-riHcn or of
making an oral address, to he followed hv t heel oritur
speech ofone of the President's counsel and the final
reply of a Manager under the existing rule.
The CHI Kb' J [JSTICE. This order is in tho
•nature of an amendment of (he rules, and can-
not. be considered now unless by unanimous
consent.
Mr. CONNESS. That was offered, Ibclicie,
two days since, if J am not mistaken, by the
Senator from Nevada.
The CHIEF .1 LSTICK. it has just been
olTered by the Senator Irom Maryland. It'there
is no objection it will be now considered.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 offer a substitute for it.
The CHIEF .JUSTICE, It is before the
Senate for consideration, and the Senator from
California proposes a substitute.
Mr. SHERMAN. J should like to have it
read again. Jt was not heard.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. In a moment.
The Secretary will read the order proposed by
the Senator from Maryland, and also the sub-
stitute pi oposed by the Senator from California.
The Chief Ci.kiik The order as proposed
by the Senator from Maryland is:
Or'lricl, That one of tho Managers on the part of
tho Mouse he permitted to iUe his punted ai^iunent
before the adjournment of to-day. and that after mi
oral opening hy a Manager, and the reply of one of
the Treculent's counsel, another of the President's
counsel shall have the privilege ot filing a written or
of making an oral address, to be followed by the
closin? speech of one of the President's counsel, and
the final reply of a Manager under the e.\iaLmgnile.
The Senator from California pi eposes to
amend by striking out all after the word
"oidered"' and inserting:
That such of the Managers and counsel for fhe
President, as may c loose to do «o have leave to file
arguments before Friday, April 21.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question is
on the amendment proposed by way of substi-
tute.
Mr. CONNESS called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I would move to lay
the resolution and amendment on the table ;
but I desire to have the order and amendment
read again.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The order and
proposed amendment will be read again.
The Chief Clerk read the order and the amend-
ment.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I wish to
modify my amendment so as to read "on or
before Friday, April 24."
The CHIEF J USTICE. That, modification
will be made if there be no objt ction. The
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buckalew,] to lay on the
table the proposition and pending amendment.
The motion was not agreed to.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question re-
curs on the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from California. Upon that question the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 25; as follows :
YEAS—Meters. Cameron, Cnftcll, Chandler,Cowk-
linff, Oonness, Corbett, (Irflirin, l>r:ikc, Ferry, Il'-nder-
m>u, Rowaid, MovnU oi Vermont, Patterson of New
fhunpi-hne, Pomeroy, Iiamsev, Sherman, Stewart,
Sumner, Thnycr, Tipton, Willoy, Williams, Wilson,
and Yate«—
"NA Ytf—Messrs. Anthony, Baynrd, Buckalew, Da-
vis, Dixon, ])oohltlc, Ij<!mun<Ls, Ke^eiulon, Vowler,
Frelhiffhuy^en. (Vrime.s. Hendricks Ilowe, Johnson,
MeOeety, Morgan, Morton, Norton, Patterson of
'IVnno-'M'e, Salisbury, Sprague, Trumbull, Van
Winkle, and Vn-kot^—
NOT VOTING—Me^rs. Cole, Harlan, Morrill of
Mamo, Nye, and W-ido—5.
So tho amendment was not agreed to.
The OlIII'jl'1 JUSTICE. Tho question re-
curs on the order proposed i)y the Senator from
Maryland, [Mr. Vu'KKRs.]
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to amend the
order by inserting " two " instead of "one"
before tho words "of the Managers," at the
beginning of the order.
Mr. 8II15 KM AN. Say "all."
Mr. JOHNSON. No: I will not say all;
that would be objectionable.
Tho (Hi I Kb1 -f ITSYIOK. The cjnovtion is on
the amendment of the Senator from .Maryland,
[Mr, Joiixsox,] to strike outgone'" and in-
sert " two.'?
The question being put, the Chief Justice
declared that the amendment appeared to be
airreed to.
Mr. CONKLIXG called for a division.
Mr. UOWAHi). 1 ask how the order will
read if amended ?
Tho OUlKLMUSTrCK^ It is proposed io
strike out "one" in the first, line and insert
j "two;" so as to read: "That two of the
i Managers on the patl of the House be per-
! miited to file, Ac."
| Mr. CONKFjIXG. I beg to withdraw the
i call for a division ; I made it under a misap-
I prehension of the amendment.
I The GIIlKb1 JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
announced the vote as agreed to. The amend-
ment, then, stands as agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. What is the state of the
question now, the amendment adopted?
The CHIKF JUSTICE. The amendment
is adopted. The question is on the order as
amended.
Mr; Manager WILLIAMS. Mr. President
and Senators, I beg leave to suggest, as I do
very respectfully, that the effect of this order
as it now stands, requiring that any argument
which may be presented shall be in print to-
day, will be to leave the matter substantially
as it was before, because there is but one of
the Managers, as I believe is well understood.
Although three of them would like to put in
arguments, there is but one of them who is so
prepared just now; that is to say, whose argu-
ment is in print. So that, in this shape, it
would be keeping the word of promise to the
ear and breaking it to the liope.
Mr. JOHNSON. What time would the
Manager like?
Mr. Manager WILLIAMS. Ifyou would say
"written'' instead of "printed," it would be
satisfactory.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the order be
so amended that "the Managers shall have
leave to file written or printed arguments."
The CHIEF JUSTICE. It is moved to
strike out the word " two" 
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
does not understand the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will the Secretary read
the first clause, and I will submit an amend-
ment.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary
will read the first clause.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Ordered, That two of the Managers on tho part of
the House bo permitted to file their printed argu-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the language
be, "The Managers on the part of the House
be permitted to file printed or written argu-
ments."
Mr. FESSENDEN. That cannot be done
without reconsidering the vote by which we
inserted the word " two."
The CHIEF J USTICE. A motion to strike
out the word " two" and insert anything else
will not be in order; but a motion to add the
words " or written" will be in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will then move to recon-
sider the vote adopting the amendment of the
Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Joiixsox,] insert-
ing the word '4 two."
Tho CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator from
Ohio moves to leconsider the vote by which
the word "one" was stricken out and " Uvo"
was inserted.
The motion was not agreed to.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question re-
curs on theamendment to insert after the word
,k printed" the words "or written."
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to have the order
reported, so as to know when these written
arguments arc to be filed. [" To-day."] Then
I ask unanimous consent to inquire whether or
not it is expected that the counsel for the
President will examine these written arguments
to-day and be able to make a reply to them to-
morrow morning?
The CHIEF'JUSTICE. The question is
upon adding after the word "printed*' the
words i; or written."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I ask that the order be read,
as modified.
| The Chief Clerk read as follows:
| Ordered, Tli.il two of the Managers on the part of
1 the llon-e he peimilted to tile their printed or wrir-
1 ten hi lco men n bet oi u the adjournment oi to-duj, a ?id
I tha t .!U<t an oi ul aijruinenf by one Manager and tho
] icply ot one of the President's counsel, another of
j the l'i cedent's eo u -sel shall have the pmilose of
filing a written oi of makins? an oral address to bo
j followed by the elo>inj? ■speech of one ot tbePreM-
I dent's eouii:-el and the final reply oi a Manager under
: the existing rule.
i Mr. COKBETT. Mr. President, I move to
| insert in place of the word " another" the word
I •• two," so as to make it the same on the part
| of the President's counsel as on the part ot the
! Managers.
j The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Clerk will
| read the order as it stands now, and as it will
i be if amended as proposed.
I Mr. FO W'LBH. Mr. Chief Justice, the noise
j is so great in the Hall that we cannot hear.
I The CHIEF JUSTICE. Conversation in
| the Senate Chamber must be suspended.
1 Mr. FOWLER. Particularly in the galleries,
i 'The CHIEF JUSTICE. Conversation in
! the Senate Chamber must be suspended, in-
i eluding the galleries.
j The Chief Cleric. It is proposed to strike
| out the word "another" before the words "of
i the President's counsel," and to insert "two;"
i so that the order will read:
: Orderp/l, That two of the Managers on the part of
f the House bo permitted to file their printed or writ-
I ton arguments before the adjournment of to-day, ana
