2306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
IN SENATE.
Friday, April 17, 18G8.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, I). D.
impeachment of tiie president.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore called the
Senate to order and at once vacated the chair,
that it might be occupied by the Chief Justice.
The Senate, sitting for the trial of the im-
peachment, having adjourned,
The President pro tempore resumed the chair
at four o'clock and forty-two minutes p. m.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that when the
Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet at
eleven o'clock to-morrow morning.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. EDMUNDS, the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, April 17, 1868.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
By unauimous consent the reading of the
Journal of yesterday was dispensed with.
sale of iron-clads.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Navy, relative to the sale of
certain irou-clads, in compliance with the act
of February 2, 1808 ; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
cotton claims.
Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted tlie following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and adopted :
llcsohcd. That the clerk of the Court of Claims bo
directed to inform this House of the number ofjudff-
monts rendered in the said Court of Claims in the cot-
ton claims, the amount thereof, and in whoso favor
rendered, and also to state tho nature and character
of the claims presented, and by what attorneys pros-
ecuted.
tax on distilled spirits.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and adopted:
Jlesolvcd, That tho Secretary of tho Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to furnish this Ilouso with
a statement which shall show tho nmountof tax col-
lected on distilled spirits since the 1st day of January
last.
mtlntisa of impeaciimknt report.
Mr. MILLEIl, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted tho following resolution ; which was
referred to the Committee on Printing under
the law:
Remlved, That the Committee on Printing be, and
arc hereby, requested to order to bo printed ten thou-
sand additional copies of the impeachment trial for
tho use of the members of this ilousc, to be by them
distributed.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. As a quorum of the House
is now m the^ city, the Chair, under the au-
thority given him by the House, will announce
that if upon any day the House shall return to
tho Hall before three o'clock it may be ex-
pected that business will be transacted. If
the House shall not return until after that time
then no business will be done, unless special
notice shall have been previously given.
Mr. GARFIELD. Will any business be
done this afternoon ?
The SPEAKER. No notice has been given
of any. The Chair will make the announce-
ment, if any gentleman desires, that business
may be expected when the House returns this
afternoon.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Oh, no;
I hope not.
The SPEAKER. No notice has yet been
given.
Mr. GARFIELD. Is there a quorum of the
House here?
The SPEAKER. There are one hundred
and ten members in the city.
impeacidient of tiie president.
TheSPEAKER. Thehouroftwelveo'cloek
having arrived, the House will now resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole, accord-
ing to order, and proceed to the bar of the Sen-
ate, following the managers and preceded by
the chairman of the Committee of the Whole,,
who will be attended by the Clerk and acting
Doorkeeper.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole, in obedience to
the order, and proceeded to the bar of the
Senate.
At four o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.
the Committee of the Whole returned to the
Hall, and the Speaker having resumed the chair,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, made the
following report: The Committee of the Whole
have, according to order, attended the managers
to the bar of the Senate, sitting as a court of
impeachment for the trial of Andrew Johnson ;
progress has been made in tho trial, and the
Senate, sitting as a court of impeachment, has
adjourned until eleven o'clock a. m. to-
morrow.
hour of daily meeting.
The SPEAKER. As the Senate, sitting as
a court of impeachment, has adjourned to
meet to-morrow morning at eleven o'clock, if
there be no objection the House will meet at
that hour.
Mr. WOOD. I object.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I think the objection was
not made in time.
Mr. WOOD. I submit that I made the
objection in time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the
objection was in time.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that the House
now take a recess until to-morrow morning at
eleven o'clock.
Mr. WOOD. I submit there is no quorum
present, and it is not competent to change any
rules of the Ilouso.
The question was taken upon tho motion for
a recess ; and upon a division there were—
ayes 27, noes 10 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER. As it requires a quorum
for the House to take a recess the Speaker
now gives notice that at eleven o'clock to-
morrow morning he will bo here with the chair-
man of the Committee of the Whole, [Mr.
Wasiihukne, of Illinois.] and, as a matter of
respect to the Senate, will, with such members
as may be here, attend tho managers to tho
bar of tho Senate ; and at twelve o'clock he
will take his seat as Speaker of the House in
this Hall.
Mr. WOOD. I raise the question of order
whether that will be the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York raises a question of order which tho Chair
declines to entertain.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the House adjourn.
Tho motion was agreed to; and the House (at
four o'clock and tifty minutes p. m.) adjourned.
memorials.
The following memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. KELSEY: A memorial of William
B. Ogden, Abram C. Boll, and others, praying
for tho passage of House bill No. C21, which
provides for a military and postal road between
Washington, Distrietof Columbia, and the city
of New York.
By Mr. NIBLACK: A memorial of Andrew
Reinfort, late of company B, fifty-eighth regi-
ment of Indiana volunteers, praying for a
pension.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, April 18, 18G8.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
impeachment of tiie president
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, called the
Senate to order, and at once vacated the chair
that it might be occupied by the Chief Justice.
The Senate sitting for the trial of the im-
peachment having adjourned,
The President pro tempore resumed the chair
at three o'clock and thirty-eight minutes p. m.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the hour of
meeting hereafter, until further order of the
Senate, be at eleven o'clock each day.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I object to that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
is made to the consideration of the proposed
order. ,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand the Sen-
ator from California to move that hereafter the
Senate meet at eleven o'clock, not the court
of impcaehment.
Mr. CONNESS. What is necessary to be
done the Senate will know.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator irom Cali-
fornia can vary his motion.
Mr. CONNESS. To get out of this difficulty
I move that the Senate adjourn until eleven
o'clock on Monday morning.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest that eleven o' clock
be the time for meeting until otherwise ordered.
Several Senators. Order! order!
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That in-
fringes a rule of the Senate, and, objection
having been made, cannot be considered now.
The question is on the motion of the Senator
from California, that the Senate adjourn to
meet on Monday morning at eleven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, April 18, 18i>8.
Tho House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxtox.
By unanimous consent the reading of the
Journal of yesterday was dispensed with.
impeachment of tiie president.
The SPEAKER. The hour of twelve o'clock
having arrived, the House will nowresolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole, according to
order, and proceed to the bar of the Senate,
following the managers and preceded by the
chairman of the Committee of the Whole, who
will be attended by the Clerk and acting Door-
keeper. The Chair will add that it being
manifestly unseemly that during the defense,
which is now progressing, the deliberations
of tho Senate should be disturbed by an an-
nouncement, the Chair has notified the Chief
Justice, presiding ill the Senate on the trial
of the impeachment, that he will not expect
an announcement of the members and office is
of the House on their appearance at this hour.
The House then resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole, in obedience to
the order, and proceeded to the bar of the
Senate.
At throe o'clock and forty minutes p. m. the
Committee of the Whole returned to the Hall,
and the Speaker having resumed the chair,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, made the
following report: The Committee of the Whole
have, according to order, attended the managers
to the bar of the Senate, sitting as a-court of
impeachment for the trial of Andrew Johnson :
progress has been made in the trial, and tho
Senate, sitting as a court of impeachment,
has adjourned until next Monday at eleven
o'clock a. m.
daily hour of meeting.
The SPEAKER. The Chairdesires to state
that when the objection was made yesterday to
changing the hour of meeting of the House of
R®Pr®s°nt®tlvcs ^ correspond with the hour
™nt^ haa faed for the commence-
ment of the trial upon each day, it was the im-
presbion of the Speaker, as well as of the Jour-
nal cleil, that that question had been already
settled by the House. But the Journal was not
then at hand ; and as several srentlemon m,nn
tho right of the Chair insisted that the absence
of a quorum should be disclosed for the i > -
pose of preventing the order beh g made the
Chair did not desire, upon his more reco'lles-
