4354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 23,
I am sorry that my friend from California
deems the amendment effeminate, but it is an
addition to the present body of the law, and it
is an addition which, in my judgment, will
confer upon the Executive of the country au-
thority which lie can employ for the protection
of our citizens abroad, and it is a notice to all
the Governments of the world that the execu-
tive authority of the United States will employ
the means which we thus authorize and direct
him to employ.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask the
Senator from Connecticut a question. After
the President has exhausted negotiations in
trying to procure the release of an American
citizen arrested abroad, the amendment then
provides that he shall resort to all means
authorized by the law of nations and by the
Constitution, treaties, and laws of the United
States. I ask him no w to specify those means;
whether he refers to the withdrawal of diplo-
matic intercourse or the suspension of com-
mercial relations ; whether his amendment, if
it means anything at all, does not carry a vast
power with it. I want him to specify the means
that the President may resort to under it.
Mr. FERRY. It does carry with it the
power to suspend diplomatic intercourse. It
does carry with it the power which has been
exerted within the last few years by the fleets
of this Government upon the coast of Japan.
When that Government imprisoned American
citizens or infringed upon their rights the
fleets of the United States compelled that
Government to yield and give to the citizens of
the United States their rights. I would prefer
to leave with the executive authority of the
United States the discretion as to the means
which he should employ for the purpose of
securing the rights of American citizens abroad,
believing that the Executive would not resort
to the final arbitrament of war, or measures
which should lead necessarily to war, until the
legislative department also bad been informed
of the condition of things.
Mr. MORTON. I will ask the Senator if it
authorizes the President to suspend commer-
cial relations, and if it authorizes him to use
the Army and Navy, is not that war?
Mr. FEKliY. It authorizes him to use pre-
cisely what the amendment itself suggests.
We have got to give to some power 111 this
country, either the executive or the legislative
department, the authority to extend the pro-
tection which in the second section of the
original bill we all agree without exception in
this Chamber should be extended to American
citizens abroad. I think that under the amend-
ment that I have presented any infringement
upon the rights of American citizens abroad
will be remedied and redressed by the inter-
position of the executive authority using, as
it would be under our system the inevitable
tendency of the executive authority to use,
such preliminary means as would be carried
out subsequently, if they were not effective, by
the legislative department exercising its power
in declaring war.
Mr. CONNESS. I beg my friend from In-
diana not to suppose that there is any war in
1 his amendment suggested by theSenator from
Connecticut. On the contrary, it is peaceful.
It is as quiet as a summer morn. If adopted,
it will never lead to the disturbance of one
human mind in the United States of America,
nor without the United States of America. It
is one of those broad declarations, in effect
like the common air, which serves some pur-
pose, but no particular purpose. I very much
prefer the amendment offered by the Senator
from Michigan, with some reconciliation of its
language with that to which it is appended, or
the amendment offered by the Senator from
Oregon.
While we have been talking here on this sub-
ject 1 sent out and obtained an article perti-
nent to this question, and I propose to read it
as a part of my remarks. 1 ask the attention
of the Senate to it. It is a leading article in
the New York Sim of yesterday, a paper edited
by one of the ablest writers in this country. It
is not a party paper, and I present what it
says both as to the facts stated and the conclu-
sions drawn therefrom, as a fair index of pub-
lic opinion on this subject, and as very much
at variance with the statement of facts asserted
yesterday by the Senator from Massachusetts,
the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations. It is predicated upon a particular
case, that is one case, the arrest and detention
of the prisoners taken from the Jacmel
packet. It will be remembered that some of
those have been discharged by Great Britain,
and have reached the United States. All that
were discharged were native Americans, and
no native Americans now remain in custody.
All that were held and are now in confinement
were naturalized citizens. 1 proceed to read
the article:
" The Caac of Warren and Coftlcllo.—The ease of
Colonels Warren and Costollo, who wero arrested
and convicted in Ireland on a charge of being con-
nected with the Jacmel expedition, and which wo
havo so frequently alluded to in these columns, was
brought under the notico of the British Govern-
ment in the House of Commons on last Thursday
night. Ijoid Hnyo stated that thero was no peou-
liar feature in tho case which would load the Gov-
ernment to dopart from tho usual course of tho law;
that is, in plain English, they must serve out tho
term of their imprisonment; that their claim to be
regarded as American citizens is utterly ignored;
that our naturalization laws are held in contempt by
the British Government, and afford no protection
whatever to such American citizens as Colonels War-
ren and Costello. Notwithstanding the opinion of
Lord Mayo, we regard this as a very peculiar case—
so peculiar as to bo at this moment not only engross-
ing the attention of our Senate, but exciting tho docp
interest of the entire American peoplo, whoso na-
tional consequence abroad has been lowered in the
persons of those men who are now held in a British
prison without having boon tried according to that
form of international law which, as American citi-
zens, they demanded."
That relates to tho making up of the jury,
they having been denied the privilege of tho
statute provided by Great Britain itself of giv-
ing a mixed jury:
"The same evidence, tho same informers, the same
agency, and espionage were brought to boar against
Colonel Kagle and the other captives of tho so-called
expedition, and yet they wore released and permit-
ted to return to this country. Is it not somewhat
peculiar that Warren and Castello should bo doomed
to lie in jail whilo their fellow-voyagers are set at
largo? It would be more peculiar still if our people
should allow this subject to rest with tho statement
of Lord Mayo, and tho appeals for justico of any of
our citizens who may have been illegally tried to be
stifled within the four walls of an English dungeon.
The action taken by Colonel Warren at the time of
his arraignment has forced tho whole naturalization
question upon the attention of the British Govern-
ment and driven them into acorncr from which there
is no safe retreat, and thus embittered them against
him; and they aie resolved, if forced to relinquish
their old feudal claims, to retain and wreak their
vengeanco upon his person.
" The British Government arc not, it would seem,
acting in good faith with us regarding this naturaliz-
ation question, for Lord Stanley stated in tho Houso
of Commonsalso on Thursday evening that although
they were prepared to accept the American view of
it, still that he declined to make a treaty at present,
as tho royal commission is still considering the gen-
eral subject, and for tho additional reason that time
■will not permit the passage of a bill at the prosent
session of Parliament.
"in view of such language the Senate should act
promptly on tho bill which is now before it. What-
ever legislative action England may think fit to take
in this matter tho duty of our Government is clear.
We are the aggrieved party, tho rights of our citizens
have been invaded, and we cannot afford to have
theirrecogmtion everywhere, in every country under
the sun, postponed for a single day."
But, sir, we do.
"This is a question of national importance, and
must not be diplomatically trilled with."
Thus speaksone of the independent journals
of this country, not written in the interests of
any political party, nor seeking votes, but rep-
resenting an American opinion, the existence
of which cannot be denied on this subject.
Sir, in face of the facts alleged, and which are
unquestionably true as stated in this article, we
are here trifling with the question, and propos-
ing general declarations thatgive the President
of the United States no more power than lie
has to-day; that make it his duty to perform
no specific action, that do not take one single
step to the release of our incarcerated and
oppressed citizens.
I regret, Mr. President, very much, indeed,
that I felt it to be my duty to press this ques-
tion upon the attention of the Senate. It has
been to me a very unpleasant task. But, sir,
I could not fill the place I hold here and do
less than I have done._ I regret more deeply
Still the manner in which it has been received
and treated, the efforts from time to time to
avoid action on the subject, the preference
given again and again to motions to go into
executive session, to consider first one bill and
then another, the attempts to put it aside, and
finally the manner in which we meet it. 11 it. a
question, it appears to me, in which we are nil
equally interested, and upon which it becomes
our first duty to act. I cannot conceive, with-
out endeavoring to add any force of language
to the statement, how any man can rest quietly
while he knows and is conscious that one of
our citizens is deprived of his rights of liberty.
To deny that that is the case is to deny the
plainest and most palpable facts. The denial
may be made here again and again, but the
millions of this country will believe the state-
ment to be true. It has been stated, and I
reiterate it, that both political parties recog-
nize this opinion in the country and have made
declarations which are creditable to them upon
this subject. Let us stand up to the declara-
tions we have made. Let us exact only what
is right, and let us submit to nothing that is
wrong.
Mr. CONKLING. _ Mr. President, I like to
consider this subject in the spirit of the accom-
plished journalist and thinker whose article a
few moments ago was read. It is an important
subject, deeply interesting and disturbing in
many of its bearings ; and because it is so it is
fit in this Council Chamber to be deliberately
treated and to receive, in such form as legisla-
tion in regard to it may take, at least that meas-
ure of discernment which we find when we open
our statute-books at large.
1 do not believe that the conviction felt with
regard to it here is confined to any one or two
Senators; nor do I believe that intense and
extravagant language in denunciation of this
measure or of any measure is likely to conduce
to its perfection or to the wise conclusion of
the Senate. Legislation, in its best estate, is
the average judgment of the members of the
body by which the legislation is matured : and
when to this measure is given the best em-
bodied judgments of the Senate it lias received
from us nil that we have the power to give.
I agree with the Senator from Connecticut
in thinking that a large part of the difficulties
with which we have met are difficulties of ad-
ministration, if they be faults at all. The Sen-
ator truly said that disrespect, want of consid-
eration, has been shown for our naturalization
laws. That is not tho fault of those laws, as
he justly intimated, but it is precisely what
the statement imports, that laws upon our
statute-book have not in extra territorial con-
sideration received the weight and been allowed
the action and the force which we would gladly
claim for them.
In this statement there is a great deal to
curtail the function of legislation ; yet I am
not disposed to deny that legislation may be
made useful on this subject; and for myself I
can assure the Senate, and assure anybody who
observes the action of the Senate that I have
but one purpose in the votes I give on this sub-
ject ; that purpose is to arrive at the best con-
clusion, to adopt the most perfect and the most
effectual measure to secure respect for the
rights of all our citizens, be they native or
adopted, in every land, however remote it may
be. I think, sir, speaking of the legislative
action of those around me, that is the purpose
of the whole Senate without, perhaps, that en-
thusiasm, that warmth of espousal, that demon-
strative enthusiasm which, for reasons having
nothing to do with considerations of legislation,
particular persons may feel.
Now, Mr. President, coming to the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Connecticut,
I think his position as its mover is very like
that ot a plaintiff in ejectment, who should be
permitted to recover 'more upon the weakness
of his adversary's title than upon the strength
of his own. I do not mean to disparage his
