1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1283
engineers with the report of Brevet Brigadier
General Thorn on the survey of the Penobscot
river ; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
ARM? APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. _ BLAINE. I move the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and pending that motion I
move all further debate on the pending para-
graph be closed in five minutes after its con-
sideration shall be resumed.
The motion to close debate was agreed to ;
and also the motion to go into committee.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Washburn, of Wisconsin, in the
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of
the special order, being the Army appropria-
tion bill.
The CHAIRMAN stated that debate on the
pending paragraph had been limited to five
minutes.
Mr. PILE. I only desire to say, sir, in refer-
ence to the recomrtiendation said to have come
from the General of the Army, I understood
the gentleman who has charge of this bill, in
answer to a question of the gentleman from
Illinois, to say that General Grant approved
of the proviso in the bill, including the con-
solidation of regiments.
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman misunder-
stood me. I said that in reference to the con-
solidation of regiments he distinctly disap-
proved of it.
Mr. PILE. Then the gentleman and I
understand his position precisely alike.
I wish to say this, further, so far as allu-
sions to General Grant are concerned, as to the
taste of bringing in Grant's name,I have only
to say the gentleman from Maine used his name
before 1 did. Out of his own mouth do I con-
demn him. The gentleman from Maine and
the gentleman from Illinois both alluded to
General Grant before I did.
Mr. BUTLER. I want the gentleman to
state what General Grant did recommend, as
he understands it?
Mr. PILE. It is before the Committee on
Military Affairs, and it is not proper for me to
state what takes place there.
Mr. BUTLER. I beg pardon ; these papers
belong to the House, and not to the committee.
Mr. PILE. I wish merely to say that since
the proviso has been adopted reducing the
number of officers fifteen per cent, we should,
of course, reduce the other appropriations
accordingly. I hope, therefore, the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck]
will prevail.
Mr. BUTLER. I have not been answered
yet. What did General Grant recommend?
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Schexck, there were—ayes 41, noes
50 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Schexck and Washbdrxe, of
Illinois.
The eommitt,pe divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes fifty-eight, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For payments in lieu of clothing for officers' ser-
vants, $250,000.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to strike out
"$250,000" and insert" $100,000." I am not
going to enter into any explanation about Gen-
eral Grantor the Army in any general way, but I
desire to put this thing directly before the com-
mittee. General Grant, it seems, recommended
the proviso which has been adopted, and by
that proviso the number of officers will be re-
duced at the rate of fifteen per cent, during
the present year. Now, we have had trom the
War Department, when he was Secretary of
War. an estimate for the coming year, and in
that estimate this item does not agree with the
same item in the appropriation bill. His esti-
mate is $277,308 for payments in lieu of cloth-
ing for ollicers' servants. In the bill it is
$250,000 for this. item. Thus the Committee
on Appropriations have agreed to throw off
some twenty-seven thousand dollars. That is
not, however, fifteen per cent, of the whole.
Now, I propose to cut itdown fifteen percent,
from what was originally estimated for with
the whole number of officers. That will reduce
the -appropriation to about one hundred and
sixty thousand dollars.
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman's arithmetic
is sadly at fault. A reduction of fifteen per
cent, would bring it down to about $225,000.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman proposes
to reduce it to $225,000. Very well; if it is
reduced to that sum I am willing. That will
probably cover the percentage. I discover such
a discrepancy between the estimates we have
here and the new estimates that, like other
gentlemen here, I am somewhat confused by
them. I will withdraw my amendment to allow
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine] to
move to make it to 8225,000.
Mr. BLAINE. Very well.
Mr. SBLYE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by making it $200,000. I simply wish to
know from the committee whether this appro-
priation in lieu of clothing for officers' servants
is a usual appropriation ?
Mr. BLAINE. It is, and is entirely in
accordance with the Army regulations and
the laws. I have consented to the reduction
proposed by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck, ] merely to expedite the passage of
the bill.
Mr. SELYE. I wish to say that this idea
of servants is a very obnoxious thing to the
tax payers of this country. They do not like
it. They would rather have these officers paid
by a diiect appropriation, allowing a specific
amount of pay, without putting in any of these
allowances for servants. I have no servants ;
no member here has servants that I know of.
Even the President of the United States, you
did not allow him servants. Now, if the com-
mittee will put in a specific amount sufficient
to cover all the pay of these officers it will suit
me better.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment.
Mr. SBLYE. I withdraw it.
Mr. PILE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out $225,000 and inserting
$212,500. Fifteen per cent, on $250,000, as
I.make it, is just $37,500, deducting the latter
sum from the former leaves $212,500. It is
stated that the original estimate was $277,000.
Perhaps it was made, as most of these esti-
mates are made, too large, more than was
needed, with the expectation or understand-
ing that it would be reduced by the Committee
on Appropriations. Does the gentleman say
that the $250,000, as it is in the bill, was not
intended to meet this expense for the Army as
it now stands? If it was, then it can be re-
duced fifteen per cent., in accordance with the
ratio of reduction adopted by the House in the
number of officers in the Army, and that would
make exactly $212,500. It is no answer to say
that the original estimate was $277,000. The
appiopriation made by the committee was
$250,000, and that was intended to cover this
expense for the Army as at present consti-
tuted, with the present number of officers, and
if we reduce the number fifteen per cent, of
course we can reduce this appropriation fifteen
per cent.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The question was then taken on Mr. Blaine's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I move to strike out
line thirty-six. which is "for contingencies of
the Army, $00,000." I do not understand
the necessity for such an appropriation as this
of $00,000 or of any other amount for con-
tingencies of the Army. The committee will
see by examining the appropriations in this
bill that they are very liberal, and meet every
possible want of the Army, even its stationery
and postage. And when these liberal appro-
priations are made for the officers for servants,
for transportation of men, for transportation
of baggage, for stationery and postage, why is
there any necessity for an appropriation for
contingencies to the amount of $60,000? It
is getting to be time that these appropriations
to the different Departments for contingencies
should be discountenanced by Congress. We
should not place large sums in the hands of any
Department that they can use without any
accountability. I can see no necessity for this
item, as every want of the Army is provided for
by a special appropriation, and therefore I
move to strike it out.
Mr. BLAINE. Thisappropriationis$40,000
less than that made last year for the same pur-
pose and $40,000 less than is asked for. It
is quite obvious that in administering so large
an appropriation as $33,000,000 for so large
an Army as ours it is almost impossible to
foresee and classify every little item that may
come up. If you send to the War Department
for an extraordinary amount of information,
which necessitates a large amount of copying,
they have to hire extra clerks. Sometimes
legal questions arise in which extra counsel
have to be employed; and there are various
other unnamable and altogether unforeseen
circumstances arising in which it is impossible
to classify the expenditures. And $60,000 is
regarded as a very small appropriation to meet
such expenditures. I hope the item will riot
be stricken out. If it is not altogether out of
order to say that anybody has conferred with
an officer of the Government, I will say that I
conferred with the War Department this morn-
ing with reference to this appropriation, and it is
regarded as the smallest amount with which **
they can possibly get along. I should say,
however, I did not confer with the Secretary
personally, lest that might be an offense, but
with the gentleman who represents him on this
point.
Mr. VAN WYCK. After the organization
has been so long in existence it is perfectly
evident that the Secretary of War and the Gen-
eral of the Army can report to Congress for
what they wish specific appropriations. I do
not understand that there is any necessity for
the Army organization to employ counsel any-
where; and the only other reason for this ap-
propriation suggested is that they may be called
upon to copy some documents. I think if you
will go through the Department of the Army
and nearly every other Department you will
find that one half of the persons employed as
clerksare really much of the time doing nothing
at all. But the gentleman suggests that, in the
future, during the coming year, we may ask
the General of the Army to give us copies of
documents. Well, Congress is in session two
thirds of the time, as the gentleman says, and
it is perfectly competent for Congress, when
it asks for information, to vote them additional
supplies, if it is impossible for them to furnish
it without. But these appropriations are lib-
eral. aud cover every possible contingency.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This in-
cludes the expense of burying men and offi-
Mr. VAN WYCK. No ; that is provided for
by giving the quartermaster's department mil-
lions of dollars.
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate is in
order.
The question was taken on Mr. Van Wyck s
amendment, and it was disagreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraph:
For medical and hospital department, $200,000:
Provided, That all sums that have accrued to the
credit of tlie medical and hospital department irom
the sale of medical and hospital stores, or
other source, are hereby covered into the .treasury.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to amend the para-
graph just read by striking out the proviso
and inserting in lieu thereof the following :
Provided, That all balances to the credit of th$
medical and hospital department accruing from the
«ale of medical and hospital stores?, or trom any other
source shall be covered into the Trea&iu y at the close
of the current fiscal year; and thereafter all such
balances shall be likewise covered into the Treasury
as rapidly as they accrue.
