THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that after an oral opening by a Manager anil Iho
reply of one of the President's counsel, two of the
President's counsel shall have the privilege of filing
awrittcn or of making an oral address, to be followed
by tlio closing speceh of one of the President's coun-
sel and the linal reply of a Manager under the exist-
ing rule.
Mr. EVARTS. Mr. Chief Justice and Sen-
ators, it' you will allow me to say one word oil
this question, as the rule now stands two of the
President's counsel are permitted to make oral
arguments. By the amendment, without the
modification of inserting "two" instead of
"another," we understand that three of the
President's counsel will be enabled to make
oral arguments to the Senate. That is as many
as, under any circumstances, would wish or be
able to do so.
Mr. Manager STEVENS. Mr. Chief Jus-
tice, this would embarrass the Managers among
themselves very much. Would it not do to
say that " the Managers and the counsel for
the President may file written or piinted argu-
ments between this and the meeting of the
court to-morrow?" That would disembarrass
us of all our difficulties, and I cannot perceive
its inconvenience.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. Chief Justice, I move
to lay the resolution on the table, and I ask
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. NELSON rose.
Mr. BAYARD. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I ask
if the order was not adopted.
The CHIEF J UST1CE. It has not been.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understood it to be
adopted.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. It has not yet been
adopted. An amendment was adopted, but
the vote has not been taken on the order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I should
like to inquire what the question before the
Senate is prior to the motion to lay on the
table?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The motion to lay
on the table is withdrawn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the motion pend-
ing ?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The motion pend-
ing is to strike out the word " another" and
insert the word "two."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would ask the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to appeal to the
Senator from Oiegon to withdraw that amend-
ment. The counsel do not ask it.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, as the order
is satisfactory to the President's counsel as it
now stands without the amendment I withdraw
the amendment.
TheCHIEF JUSTICE. The question is on
adopting the order. The Clerk will read it as
it now stands.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Ordered, That two of tho Managers on the part of
the House bo permitted to file their printed or written
arguments before the adjournment of to-day, and
that after an oral opening by a Manager and the
replv of one of the President's counsel, another of
tho President's counsel shall have the privilege of
filing a written or of making an oral address, to bo
followed by tho dosing speech of one of the Presi-
dent's counsel and the final reply by a Manager under
the existing rule.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask for the reading again
of the first part of the order.
The Chief Clerk read the order.
Mr. CONNESS. That, Mr. President, I
desire to suggest 
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator from
California can speak by unanimous consent.
Mr. CONNESS. I will not ask consent, nor
speak. I move, at the instance of one of the
Managers, to amend so that it will read " before
to-morrow noon," that that length of time be
given to file either written or printed argu-
ment, as they are not ready to-day.
Mr. GRIMES. How can the other side
reply to-morrow ?
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to offer a
substitute.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The first question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from California, [Mr. Conxess.]
The amendment was agreed to.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question now
is on the substitute proposed by the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. IIexdehsoS".] The Clerk
will read it.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Strike out all after the word " Ordered" in the
original proposition, and insert:
That all tho Managers not delivering oral argu-
ments may bo permitted to file written arguments at
any timo before tho 24th instant, and the counsel for
the President not making oral arguments may file
written arguments at any time bciorc Tuesday, the
28th instant.
Mr. HENDERSON called for tl e yeas and
nays on the amendment, and they were or-
dered.
Mr. THAYER. I move to lay the whole
subject on the tablo.
Mr. SPRAG UE called for the yeas and nays,
and tliey were ordered; and being taken, re
suited—yeas 1", nays i>7; as follows:
YEA:-!—-Messrs. Buekalew, Oonkling, Dixon, Boo-
little, Edmunds, Grimes, Hcndeison, McUrecry, Nor-
ton, Ross, Spraguc, Thayer, and Williams—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Cattell, Chand-
ler, Conness. Corbett, Cragin, Davis, Drake, Ferry,
Fossenden, Kowler, l'Velingliuysen, Harlan, Hend-
ricks, How.nd, llowe, Johnson, Morgan, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Patterson of
New Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee, Pomeroy,
Ramsey, Saulsbury, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner,
Tiptoa, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Vickers, Wiiley,
Wilson, and Yates—-'7.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Bayard, Colo, Nye, and
Wade—1.
So the motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
"Tho CHIEF JUSTICE. The question is
on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Missouri, to strike out all after the word
" Ordered" and to insert what will Be read by
111ptftw
Mr. HENDERSON. Before it is read I
desire to modify it so as to make it read,
"Monday, the 27th," instead of "Tuesday,
the 28th."
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the amendment, as modilied.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Strike out all after the word "Ordered," and in-
sert:
That all the Managers not delivering oral argu-
ments may be permitted to file written aiguments
at, any tune bciorc the 21th instant, and tho counsel
for the President not making oral arguments may
file written arguments at any time beforo Monday,
the 27tli instant.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will say "before
eleven o'clock on Monday, the 27th instant,"
so that they will be in at the time of meeting.
Mr. DOOLI'lTLE. Mr. Chief Justice, I
desire to inquire of the Chief Justice whether
under that rule nil the Managers would not be
permitted to deliver oral arguments?
Mr. HENDERSON. It does not change
the present, rule.
The CII1EF J USTICE. The Secretary will
read the order proposed.
Mr. EVARTS. Mr. Chief Justice and Sen-
ators, as we understand the order now pro-
posed, it would not enlarge tho privilege of the
President's counsel in addressing the court.
Any liberality that should be shown by the
Senate, so far as it could be availed of by the
President's counsel under the peculiar circum-
stances in which they ate placed, would prob-
ably need to include an opportunity on their
part to make oral addresses.
Mr. NELSON. Mr. Chief Justice and Sen-
ators, I have felt and still feel an almost irre-
sistible repugnance to saying anything to the
Senate upon this subject. In the first place,
in the view which I entertained of the Consti-
tution and laws of onr country, I regard it as a
matter of right in tho President of the United
States to appear by counsel. I suppose, follow-
ing the analogies of courts of justice, that the
Senate, sitting as a court, have the right to
regulate the number ol'counsel and to confine
it within reasonable limits. Inasmuch as the
Senate had indicated, by a rale which was
adopted before the commencement of the trial,
the number of persons who were to address the
Senate in the progress of the trial, 1 felt reluc-
tant to ask that any alteration of that rule
should be made in behalf of the President's
counsel for the very simple reason that it has
never been to me a source of satisfaction to
attempt to address an unwilling audience, and
mnch less would it be a source of gratification
for me to attempt to address the Senate-when
they had indicated by a rule that they were un-
willing to hear further argument. Oil a former
occasion I stated to the Senate that intending
on our part faithfully to .adhere to the rale
which you had prescribed for the conduct and
management of the trial, two of the President's
counsel had determined not to address the Sea-
ate ; that three others of the President's coun-
sel had assumed, with our consent, the man-
agement and direction of the case, and that in
our arrangement it was left to them to make
the argument before the Senate. As an appli-
cation was made on the side of the Managers
to enlarge the number, I thought that it would
not be improper on our part to ask to be per-
mitted to appear for tho cause and to argue it.
Since I made a few brief observations to the
Senate tho other day, Mr. Stanbery, up'O'n
whom we relied to make tho leading argument
in behalf of the President, has been confined
by sickness. It is uncertain whether he will
be able to address the Senate at all j the Jirob-
abilities at present are that he will not; and
even if ho should make the effort, the chances
are that he will be unable to make that argu-
ment to the Senate which he had intended to
make.
Under these circumstances I desire to say
to the Senate that 1 would like to he permit-
ted to address the Senate in behalf of the
President. Indeed, I desiro that the rule shall
be so enlarged as to give all the President's
counsel the privilege of addressing the Senate,
either orally or m writing, as we may find con-
venient to do. I have stated that, owing to
the circumstances indicated, we have not pre-
pared written arguments; and it is too late
now for the two counsel who had not intended
to address the Senate to make such prepara-
tion ; but in the progress of the case I have
made such notes and memoranda that I think
I could argue the case before you; and 1 feel
constrained by a sense of duty to ask the Sen-
ate, uudcr these circumstances, to allow the
whole of the counsel to make addresses.
1 beg leave to assure you, Senators, that in
doing this I am not animated, as 1 trust, by a
spirit of idle vanity, and by the desire to make
an address in a great cause like this. 1 have
lived long enough in the world to know that
sometimes we can make more by our silence
than by an effort to make a public address. I
am satisfied from my experience that great
risks attend such an effort, especially when we
attempt to address the Senate or any other
assembly extemporaneously; and were I to
consult my own feelings and inclinations, I
would not make this request; but, under the
peculiar circumstances by which we are sur-
rounded, if the Senate ate willing to enlarge
the rule, I choose to take the risk and to take
my chances of endeavoring to argue the case
before you, and I feel, Senators, that,, under
existing circumstances, this is not an unrea-
sonable request.
I may say, although I am not expressly
authorized to do so, that 1 am satisfied the
President desires that his cause shall be au-
gued by the two additional counsel whom he
lias provided in the ease, besides the three
counsel who were heretofore selected for that
purpose; and 1 trust you will not deny us this
right. 1 trust that you will feel at liberty to
extend it to all the counsel in the case. If we
choose to avail ourselves of it we will do so.
I have no sort of objection, so far as I am
concerned, that the same right shall be ox-
tended to all or to more than an equal num-
ber of the Managers on the other side. I trust
that the resolution will be so shaped as to em-
brace all the counsel who are engaged in the
cause in behalf of the President. I do not
know that under these circumstances 1 shall
be able to interest the Senate at all. But it is
a case of great importance. On the trial of
Judge Chase, six of the managers were per-
mitted to address the Senate, and five of the
