43 56
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 23,
proposition which on its face looks dashing,
looks vigorous, looks effective, are restrained
from doing so by some want of interest which
they feel in the subject, some lack of zeal to
reach the end. That is a great mistake, I
believe, as to a majority of this body. I know
that it is an entire mistake as to myself, for
the proposition which shall receive my vote
first and last is that one, based upon sound
principles, which seems to me to be the most
effectual and the most certain in securing the
rights of those whom we are seeking to pro-
tect ; and as between the proposition as it now
stands and the amendment offered by the hon-
orable Senator from Connecticut I shall vote
for his amendment, not because it is weaker
on the one hand, not because it is rasher and
more likely to be productive of war, as has
been suggested, on the other, but because, mak-
ing the case my own, looking at my own inter-
est, if I were thrown into a British dungeun I
would rather have all the powers of my Gov-
ernment exercised with the discretion tolerated
by the pending amendment than to have the
abrupt experiment of withdrawing from the
country in which I might be detained the rep-
resentative of my own Government, and ban-
ishing from my own Government the repre-
sentative of that Government, leaving the two
parties estranged from each other, and me to
abide the fortunes of some shadowy by and by.
Mr. HOWAHD. Mr. President, the hon-
orable Senator from New York has directed
his remarks in the main against the amend-
ment which I had the honor to offerand which
the Senate has already adopted. He criticises
the amendment because he thinks it may en-
courage rash conduct on the part of the Ex-
ecutive.
Mr. CONKLING. No, sir; I beg the Sen-
ator's pardon ; I did not say that.
Mr. HOWARD. I will state to the Sena-
tor what he said. Commenting upon the amend-
ment, he asked: suppose the President of the
United States should receive a dispatch across
the Atlantic cable that an American citizen was
thrown into confinement in Europe, and sup-
pose the President should instantly ou the re-
ceipt of the telegraphic dispatch across the
cable act upon the ease and return a peremptory
demand upon the British Government for the
liberation of the prisoner, what then ? He
foresees that great trouble might arise in such
a case.
Now, Mr. President, is it fair to use language
like this in the way of commenting upon that
amendment? Doesthehonorable Senatorsup-
pose that any President of the United States,
whether it be the present Executive or some
other Executive, would act so precipitately as
he seems to apprehend he might? Does he
suppose that any President would make a
peremptory demand upon the Government of
Great Britain for the rendition of the prisoner
without having consulted upon the subject in
Cabinet council, without having held a diplo-
matic correspondence with the proper British
authorities on the subject? Why, sir, this ex-
ample of danger which he holds up before us
is a thing which is never likely to occur unless
we have for President some insane man who
is without reason, whose passions nothing can
moderate, and who desires merely to involve
us in a war with a foreign country. He might
as well point out to us that a similar danger
would arise from the communication of some
spiritualistic medium to the President of the
United States that a similar transaction had
occurred. No, sir, there is no ground for any
such apprehension. Would he be content to
act upon the credit of a cable dispatch upon
any subject of moment, any public matter which
concerned the interests of the people of the
United States? Would he act without nego-
tiation upon paper, without consul tingthe Brit-
ish Government through our minister at the
Court of St. James, without consultingthe min-
ister of the British Government here? _ No,
sir; I know he would not; so that there is no
ground for any such apprehension. The whole
field is left open and unembarrassed by my
amendment until there has been a formal de-
mand made by our Government upon the for-
eign Government.
The President by that amendment is not
required to make a demand at once, and it is
implied from the very language of the amend-
ment and the very nature of the case that such
a demand should be preceded by the usual and
ordinary negotiations between the two Govern-
ments. Now, sir, I put this to the honorable
Senator: after having duly considered the
case, after having negotiated and discussed the
subject as a faithful Executive, and his Cabinet
undoubtedly would do so in all cases, and after
the Executive, being thus advised by his Cabi-
net, shall have come to theconclusion to make
a peremptory demand upon the foreign^ Gov-
ernment for the redress contemplated in the
amendment, would the Senator from New
Yoilc continue diplomatic relations one mo-
ment after the refusal of such a demand?
Could it be done with dignity? Could it be
done with self-respect? The demand would
necessarily imply that our own Government
have obtained all the information practicable
on the subject; that they have considered the
question in all its bearings, and have solemnly
made up their minds to make tho demand.
When the demand is made it is the voice of
the United States requiring that the offending
Government shall do us justice and surrender
up the prisoner. But instead of this, it seems
that the honorable Senator from New York,
after the demand shall have been refused by
the olfendmg Government, would double our
number of diplomatic representatives at the
foreign Court, would send over additional
diplomats to continue the negotiations and
tease the foreign Government to comply with
our demand. Sir, is that the conduct of a
nation who is conscious of its own rights,
who is able to show by its own strength the
justice of its own claims? No, sir, it would
be merely to belittle the Government in the
eyes of the world to follow up a negotiation
after a peremptory demand had been made
and refused.
Mr. President, I have one word to say re-
specting the amendment offered by the honor-
able Senator from Connecticut. If I compre-
hended its terms and effect while it was read
at the desk I think it opens the door quite too
widely; it gives too much discretion to the
President of the United States. In such a
case it authorizes him, if I understand it, to
employ any means known to the Constitution
or laws of the United States, any means recog-
nized by existing treaties, any means recog-
nized by the law of nations to obtain redress.
This would lead at once to war. Instead of re-
quiring the President to give the usual admon-
ition in the form of withdrawing our minister,
it would, by its very terms, authorize the Presi-
dent to launch the bolts of war in the first
instance against the offending Government.
Surely I cannot suppose the Senator from New
York would place such a power in the hands
of the President. Surely 1 cannot suppose the
Senator from Connecticut would place such a
power in the hands of the President. I do not
think the Senator from New York would con-
sent to such a delegation of discretionary
authority. 1 am opposed to it, sir; but at the
same time, where there has been a negotiation,
and where our own Government have come to the
conclusion that our claim i?. just, and have seen
fit to make a formal demand for the liberation
of the prisoner, I would go so far as to command
the President of the United States to with-
draw our representative from the foreign Gov-
ernment and cease to hold intercourse with the
minister of that Government here. I would
show a resentment, admonishing the offending
Government that its conduct wasleadinggradu-
ally to a collision of anus. These intimations,
in all cases I may say I think would probably
finally lead to a peaceful solution of the ques-
tion. I would not leave such a question as this
to stand upon such vague generalities, such
inconclusive language as that which is couched
in the amendment of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania.
If we legislate upon this subject at all let
us express our purpose in our legislation. As
the law now stands the Senator from New
York very well knows the President of the
United States has no legal right to make a
demand for the liberation of an American
citizen abroad. I think I am correct about
this; if I am wrong he can easily set me right.
I think the time has come when there ought
to be a statute which can be appealed to by the
American citizen abroad who is suffering in-
justice at the hands of a foreign Government.
I think that the American nation is powerful,
wise, and spirited enough to understand its own
rights, and to defend those rights as against
all foreign Governments. I think the time has
come when the name of " American citizen "
should be as much respected as was the name
of " lioinan citizen" throughout that almost
boundless empire in ancient days. I think our
legislation is defective upon the subject, and
that we ought to place upon our statute-book a
law which regulates the rule of conduct for the
executive power of the United States in such an
exigency.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I voted against
an executive session with a great sense of its
importance this morning, but with the suppo-
sition that we should be able to reach a vote
upon this question without much further dis-
cussion; and I had not thought it possible that
under any circumstances I should get my own
consent to say a word upon this question; and
1 do not propose to detain, at any length, the
Senate now. I had supposed that I should
follow, as I usually do where I have no very
distinct notions of my own, the action of the
appropriate committee; but since the debate
has been extended I have turned my attention
to this bill, and I want to say in a very few
words how it strikes me.
The difficulty, in my mind, has been to fix-
ing s-ome just and definite idea of what we want
to accomplish. It probably results from the
fact that, 1 have paid very little attention to the
discourse that the object aimed at has been so
shadowy in my mind; but turning to this bill
1 find that the object to be accomplished is
explicit, the principles which are character-
ized here as American principles, and which
ought to be sustained it is said, are clear, well
defined, and distinct; and I understand in this
the committee were unanimous, and 1 under-
stand as a matter of fact that the Senate is
quite unanimous on the principles which ought
to be maintained, and the rights of citizenship
which ought to be vindicated, both as to native
and naturalized citizens. What are they as
defined by this bill? The first section of the
bill declares that it shall be an offense for any
officer of the Government of the United States
to deny the right of expatriation. That the
committee characterize as a high American
doctrine ; the right of expatriation the Ameri-
can Congress will vindicate. Very well; we
stand on that.
What is the next proposition? The next
proposition is that all naturalized citizens of
the United States when in foreign States shall
be entitled to the same protection as native
citizens of the United States. That is the cor-
roilary, of course, of the first proposition. The
whole bill turns on these two distinct propo-
sitions: first, it is the great American doctrine
that the foreigner has aright to expatriate him-
selt and become an American citizen, and be-
coming an American citizen no officer of the
American Government shall be allowed to ques-
n, j ar*d further, it shall be the duty
of this Government to protect the rights of the
foreigner having become an American citizen
precisely as we protect the rights of the native
born. Ot course this goes upon the assump-
tion that there is a discrimination now in the
practice oi foreign countries against American
citizens in this respect: that while one rule is
applied to the native citizen another and a dif-
