250
SUPPLEMENT TO
counsel for the defendant were permitted to
address the Senate; and in a great case like
this, one of such momentous magnitude, a
case in which the whole country is interested,
is it asking, Senators, too much at your hands,
that you will enable us to present his case in
the best manner that we may be able to do
under the circumstances by which we are sur-
rounded ?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question is
on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Henderson.] The Sec-
retary will read the original proposition again,
and also the amendment.
The Chief Clerk. The original order is as
follows:
Ordered, That two of the Managers on the part of
the Uousebe permitted to file their printed or written
arguments on or before eleven o'clock to-morrow,
and that after an oral opening by a Manager and
the reply of one of the President's counsel, another
of tho President's counsel shall have the privilegeof
filing a written or making an oral address, to be fol-
lowed by the closing speech of one of the President's
counsel and the final reply of a Manager under tho
existing rulo.
Theamendmentof the Senatorfrom Missouri
is to Strike out all after the word "ordered"
and insert:
That all tho Managers not delivering oral argu-
ments may bo permitted to lile written arguments at
any time before the 21th instant, and the counsel for
the President not making oral arguments may file
written arguments at any time beforo eleven o'clock
of Monday, tho 27th instant.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I rise to
make an inquiry, whether the proper construc-
tion of the amendment offered by the honor-
able Senator from Missouri does not open the
door and repeal the twenty-first rulo ; in short,
whether it does not allow all tho counsel on
the part of the accused and sill the Managers
who may see fit to make oral arguments in
the final summing up ?
Mr. CONNESS. To make that——
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to debate.
Mr. CONNESS. To make that entirely clear,
I move to insert the words "in accordance
with the twenty-first rule."
The CHIEF JUSTICE. "Subject to the
twenty-first rule."
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, "subject to the
twenty-first rule."
Mr. HENDERSON. I accept the modifi-
cation. That is what.it means now.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the substitute, us modified.
Tho Chief Clerk read as follows :
Ordered, That all the Managers not delivering oral
arguments may bo permitted to filo writton argu-
ments at any time beforo tho 24th instant, and the
counsel for tho President not making oral argu-
ments may file written aiguments at any time ai'lor
eleven o'clock of A! ondny, tho 27th instant, subject,
however, to tho tweuty-lirst rulo.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to insert that lan-
guage at the beginning after the word " that1
so that it will read " that subject to the twenty-
first rule" so and so shall be done.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 suggest, after the
words "oral arguments,'" to insert "except
the two Managers delivering oral arguments
under tho tweiitv-lirst rule."
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
will suggest to the Senator from Missouri that
his object will be attained by accepting the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Cal-
ifornia, inserting the words "subject to the
tvventy-fiist mle."
Mr. CONNESS. I ask if it was my privi-
lege to offer it as an amendment. I do not
know why it was not, accepted.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Tho Chief Justice
understood it to be accepted.
Mr. CONNESS. I suggest to the Secretary
to write it.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. It was written and
was accepted, as the Chief Justice understood,
and then after it was accepted the Senator
from Missouri proceeded still further to mod-
ify his amendment.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask the Secretary to
read it again as I moved it.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Ordered, Thai, subject to tho twenty-first rulo, all
the Managers not delivering oral arguments may be
permitted to file written arguments at any time be-
fore the 24th instant, and the counsel for the President
not making oral arguments may file written argu-
ments at any time before eleven o'clock of Monday,
the 27th instant.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senatorfrom
California moves to amend the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Missouri by in-
serting after the word " that " the words "sub-
ject to the twenty-first rule."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is an amendment still
in order?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. It is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to strike out all
after the word " that " and insert what I send
to the Chair.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to
amend the amendment by striking out all after
the word "that" and inserting:
As many of the Managers and of the counsel for
tho President as desire to do so be permitted to filo
arguments or to address tho Senate orally.
Mr. EDMUNDS, Mr. STEWART, and
others called for tho yeas and nays, and they
were ordered.
Mr. CORBETT. I call for the readingagain.
The CHIEF J USTICE. The Clerk will re-
port the order, the amendment proposed, and
the proposed amendment to the amendment.
The Chief Clerk. The order originally
proposed is as follows :
Ordered, That two of the Managers on tho part of
the llouso be permitted to file their printed or writ-
ten arguments on or beforo eleven o'clock to-mor-
row; and that after an oral opening by a Manager
and the reply of ono of the President's counsel an-
other of the President's euunsel shall have the priv-
ilege of filing a written or of making an oral address,
to bo followed by tho closing speech of one of the
President's eounscl and tho final reply of a Manager
undor the existing rulo.
The Senatorfrom Missouri [Mr. IIuxdkrsox]
proposes to amend that by striking out all after
the word "Ordered" and inserting:
That, subject to the twenty-first rule, all tho Man-
agers not delivering oral aiguments may be permit-
ted to file written arguments at any time beforo the
21th instant, and tbe counsel for the President not
making oral arguments may file written arguments
at any time beloro cloven o'clock of Monday, the
27th instant.
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull]
proposes to amend the amendment by striking
out all after the word "that" and inserting:
As many of tho Managers and of tho counsel for
tho President as desire to do so be pennitted to file
arguments or to address the Senate orally.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question is
on the amendment proposed by tho Senator
from Illinois to the amendment of the Senator
from Missouri.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 2!), nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buekalew.Conkling, Cra-
gin, Davis, Doolittle, JKdinumls, Perry, Fessenden,
Fowler, Grimes, Henderson, Jiondncks, Johnson,
MeOrcery, Morrill of Maine, Norton, Patterson of
Now Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee, llamsey,
Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague, Tipton, Trumbull,
Van Winkle, Vickers, Willey, andYates—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Camel on, Oattetl, Chandler, Con-
ncss, (Jorbett, Dixon, Drake, Frehnghuysen, Harlan,
Howard, Llowo, Morgan, Morrill of Vermont, Mor-
ton, Pomeroy, Ross, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, and
Williams—20.
NOT VOTING— Messrs. Bayard, Cole, Nye, Wade,
and Wilson—5.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The CHIEF J USTICE. The question re-
curs on the amendment as amended.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I move to amend fur-
i ther by adding at the end of the amendment
! the following words :
But the conclusion of tho oral argument shall be
b> one Manager, as provided in the twenty-first
rule.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That would be so neces-
sarily.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Thequestion recurs
on the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Hexdersox,] as amended on the
motion of the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbull. ]
Mr. CAMERON. I rise to inquire whether
a substitute would be in order now.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. An amendment to
either proposition will be in order. Does the
Senator from Pennsylvania propose to offer an
amendment?
Mr. CAMERON. Yes, sir, by way of sub-
stitute.
The CHIEF JUSTICE._ It will be in order
to move a substitute to strike out all after tho
word "that" in the amendment.
Mr. CAMERON. I send my amendment
to the Chair.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to strike
out all after the word "that" in the amend-
ment as amended and to insert:
All the Managers and all the counsel for thePresi-
dent bo permitted to file written or printed argu-
ments by eleven o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I wish to
inquire whether that is offered as a substitute
for the original proposition or for the amend-
ment.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. For the amend-
ment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I rise to a point of
order, that it is not in order on account of our
having voted that the amendment should stand
as it is.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice is
of opinion that it is in order as an amendment.
The question is on tho amendment proposed
by the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cam-
eron,] to strikeout all after the word "that"
in the amendmentas amended and insert what
has been read.
Mr. HOWE. I move to lay the order and
the amendment on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The CHIEF JUSTIC E. The question recurs
on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cameron.]
The amendment was rejected.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question recurs
On the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri as amended on the motion of the Senator
from Illinois.
Mr. YATES. I move to strike out all after
tho word "that" and insert the following.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Yates.]
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to strike out all after the word "that"
and to insert:
Four of tho Managers and four of tho counsel for
the respondent be permitted to make printed or
written or oral arguments, the Managers to have tho
opening and closing.
Mr. YATES called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 move to amend by in-
serting at the close " subject to the limitation
in the twenty-first rule" as to the closing of
the case, because otherwise all the Managers
might close.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The amendment
is not in order, unless it is accepted by tho
Senator from Illinois. The Senator from
Maryland proposes to add "subject to the
limitation of the twenty-first rule." Does the
Senator from Illinois accept the amendment?
Mr. YATES. Yes, sir.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask unanimous con-
sent to make an inquiry. Does not this order
allow all four of the Managers to reply after
all four of the President's counsel have
spoken ?
Mr. JOHNSON. Not as it is now amended.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
thinks it does not. The Secretary will read
the amendment as it now stands.
The Ciiief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the amendment by striking out all after the
word "that" and inserting:
Four of the Managers and four of the counsel for
the respondent be permitted to make printed or
written or oral arguments, the Manageis to have the
opening and closing, subject to the limitation of tho
twenty-first rule.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the reading of the
twenty-first rule.
