3332
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
tee have arrived. I will give briefly the reasons
which induced the committee to come to the
conclusion that Mr. McKee was entitled to the
seat from the ninth congressional district of
Kentucky. The official majority returned for
Mr. Young was 1,470 votes. Prom the testi-
mony I think it is clear that of these 625 votes
were east by men who had been soldiers in the
rebel army. The condition of these soldiers
at that time was this: the rebel armies had
surrendered to the Union armies, and upon the
condition that the company and regimental
officers signed paroles for their men and the men
were allowed to return to their homes, there to
be unmolested by the UnitedStates authorities
so lolig as they remained faithful to tlieir paroles
and obeyed the laws where they resided. This
is a part of the public history of the country.
These men, then, were in the condition of
paroled prisoners of war. They were not in-
cluded in the amnesty proclamation of the
President. Prior to this election, on the 29th
of May, 1805, the President of the United
States issued an amnesty proclamation specially
excepting from such amnesty, under the tenth
exception, all men in the rebel army who had
been citizens of States in which loyal State
governments had not been overthrown. These
men, then, were paroled prisoners of war,
specially exempted from amnesty in the Presi-
dent's proclamation. They were like the rebel
soldiers in the field, excepting the fact that
they had been captured.
Mr. ADAMS. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. COOK. Certainly.
Mr. ADAMS. The ground upon which the
gentleman places himself is that these soldiers
are paroled prisoners of war, and especially
excepted from this amnesty.
Mr. COOlv. I do not think that is quite a
fair statement of it.
Mr. ADAMS. That is the way I understood
it: that they were in the condition of paroled
soldiers excepted from amnesty. If they had
not been excepted from amnesty they would
not be in the condition of paroled prisoners.
Is that your position?
Mr. COOK. My position is this : that hav-
ing been surrendered on parole they were in
the condition of paroled prisoners of war; that
their condition had not been changed by any
amnesty proclamation.
Mr. ADAMS. That is what I want to come
at. You say they were in the position of
paroled prisoners of war because they had sur-
rendered and gone home. Now, I desire to
ask if there is any proof that any considerable
portion of the men who are charged with being
rebels were in the war at the close of it, or were
included ill the terms of surrender. On the
contrary, is there not an absence of proof to
show that they were in the war at its close and
that they were under the terms of surrender?
Mr. COOK. The proof is that these men
were soldiers in the rebel army. In relation
to many of them the time is identified when
they were such rebel soldiers, but in relation
to many others it is not so identified by the
proof. But if they were soldiers in the rebel
army and residents of the State of Kentucky
who"had left the State for the purpose of join-
ing the rebel army, they were either men who
had been surrendered by the officers of the
rebel army at the time the surrender was made,
or there is no proof whatever that they had left
the army and had changed their condition as
rebel soldiers. If, indeed, they were citizens
of Kentucky, and had left that State for the
purpose of joining the rebel army, then I insist
they came within the provisions of the act of
Congress which declares that where men desert
from the service of the United States, or go
fiwa.y so as to avoid the draft, they are consid-
ered as having waived their right of citizen-
ship in the United States. In either event they
were not entitled to vote at this election.
It seems to me absurd to say that men who
were fighting to destroy this Government might
be shot on the field of battle, might be made
prisoners of war and confined in prison for the
purpose of preventing their destroying the
Government by force of arms, and yet that it
is impossible to prevent their voting to accom-
plish the same object. I desire to submit this
question fairly to the House. The proof in
relation to the matter is that these men were
at some time or other during the continuance
of the war rebel soldiers.
Mr. ADAMS. 1 do not wish to be trouble-
some, but a question occurs to me here. The
gentleman remarked 
Mr. COOK. I yield only for a question.
Mr. ADAMS. It is necessary to preface it
in order that it should be understood. The
gentleman slated that he could not see the dif-
ference, inasmuch as the war was over, in
their condition now and when they were in the
army except that they had been captured. I
will ask the gentleman if he does not know
that Congress, wherever it professes to have
the right to regulate the question of suffrage,
has not undertaken to deny to rebels the right
to vote simply because they were rebels ? Has
it been the policy of Congress, in States whore
they have the control of this question, to deny
to rebels the right to \ote simply because they
were rebels except such as were officers above
a certain rank ?
Mr. COOK. I understand it to have been
the policy, first of the proclamation of the
President, and then of the reconstruction acts
of Congress, to proscribe who may vote in the
organization or reconstruction of those State
governments ; that is, in the preliminary pro-
ceedings therefor.
Mr. ADAMS. I will ask the gentleman if
he does not think the vote to establish or insti-
tute a form of government is just as important
and as great an act of sovereignty as a people
can perform ; and if it does not require as full
and as complete an amnesty, and as full and
complete a removal of disabilities for the pur-
pose of voting upon that subject, as for the
purpose of voting tor thegovernment of a State
reformed and reestablished?
Mr. COOK. I will answer that question by
saying that I do not believe that a rebel soldier,
captured or otherwise, whether paroled or
not, ought to vote in the election of men who
are to make laws for the nation in this House ;
and that if the rule which the House has
adopted be right to refuse seats here to men
who have been engaged in armed hostilities
to this Government, it is right to reject the
votes of men who have been endeavoring by
force of arms to overthrow the Government.'
That is my view of the subject.
Now, it is proven that (1'25 men who voted
for Mr. Young were rebel soldiers; and this
proof embraces but a portion of the district.
It is alleged by the contestant that it was
impossible to take proof through the whole of
the district in relation to rebel soldiers, because
he could not get the officers before whom the
notices were given, or any officers in some
portions of the district, to take the proof.
Eight hundred and eighty-three of the major-
ity given for Mr. Young in this district was
given in precincts where some one or more of
the officers of the election had been a rebel
soldier. I understand the law of Kentucky to
be that rebel soldiers were disqualified from
acting as judges of election in any manner.
That is my understanding of the law. 1 will
quote the law upon which I rely as sustaining
this view. Before I do that, however, 1 wish
to refer very briefly both to the decision of the
Supreme Court of the United States and the
decision of the supreme court of the State ot
Kentucky as to what the status of these rebel
soldiers was who were not included in any act
of amnesty, nor included in any law removing
disabilities.
The Supreme Court of the United States, in
the celebrated prize cases, uses this language
in relation to these men :
"They have ca*t off the;r allegiance and made war
on their Government, and are none the less enemies
hecausc they are traitois."
The supremo court of the State of Ken-
tucky, in the caseot Blame cs. Adams Express
Company, which I hold in my hand, in speak-
ing of Morgan's band—a hand raised in Ken-
tucky, commanded, as I understand, by an
officer of the State of Kentucky, and in all
respects standing on the same ground as
who had served in the rebel army used tins
language:
"Public policy, and consequently the law holds
common carriers to a peculiar responsibility ex-
tremely stringent, admitting no excuse for the ..-■<
of goods except an act ot l*od or ol a l>ublie cincurly
which could not by anyP™Pe''oareori"'"!ta,°i,1™
have been averted. £lo other human force tl an that
of a public enemy will exonerate the carrier .because
otherwise he m'mlxt fraudulently muster or combine
with a firco to rtb himself, 'fliconly question m the
ease is was Morgan's band, in the technical sense, a
pubhc enemy, ami the answer depends on whe her
the strife in which they were hghting is a o v l wa .
War is either international or eivil, foreign or domes-
tic Insurrection, however violent or formidable, is
not   ar. Civil war is preceded by .in?u" ®°Yn '
however magnified and matured into war in its le,, t
imate sense, and when so characterized, tl■« W1'®8
are belligerents ana respectively entitled tobel igr
ent rights. And history records no civil war more
flagrant or gigantic than tliatm which ourcountrjis
now engaged. If this be not war what i  war, and
when 01- where did it ever race and desolate and
destroy? It has been so treated at home and abroad
by our own Government in all its Departments as
woll o.s by foreign Governments, and if it be war now
it was as certainly war, and asmueh war,on tbeiitn
of May. im."
Both by the decision of the Supreme Court
of the United States and by the decision of
the supreme court of Kentucky these men are
held to be public enemies, and the question, it
seems to me, presents itself whether men who
have been enrolled in the armies of the public
enemies of the United States are legal voters
to select the law-makers of the Government,
the officers of the Government, at a time when
they have not in any manner received th 'ben-
efit of any amnesty or any law removing disa-
bilities 't That is the simple question which I
desire to present to the House.
Mr. JONES. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a question ?
Mr. COOK. Yes, sir.
Mr. JONES. I desire to ask him if he is
not aware that the Kentucky Legislature passed
a law in the year 1805 granting an amnesty to
all persons who joined in the rebellion ?
Mr. COOK. No, sir ; I am not. I ain aware
that they repealed the law which formerly
existed on the statute-book.
Mr. JONES. They passed a law in 18U5
that all persons who joined in the rebellion
should be restored to their rights as citizens.
Well, then, 1 would ask the gentleman an-
other question. The Constitution of the Uni-
ted States says that electors for Representa-
tives in Congress shall havethesame qualifica-
tions as electors for the most numerous branch
of the State Legislature. That being the fact,
had not the Legislature of Kentucky a right to
grant that amnesty and to say who shall be
voters?
Air. COOK. Mr. Speaker, if the laws of
Kentucky provided that the whole confederate
army which was in Kentucky, composed in
considerable part of the residents of Kentucky,
should have the right to vote in electing mem-
bers of this House, I do not think that this
House ought to recognize that right, and that
the public enemies of the United States ought
not to control the Government of the United
States.
Mr. JONES. That may be the gentleman's
opinion, but I ask him to look to the Consti-
tution of the United States. The only provis-
ion in the Constitution in regard to the qualifi-
cation of electors for Representatives in the
Congress of the United States is that which I
have referred to.
Mr. COOK. I cannot yield for an argu-
ment.
Mr. JONES. The States have a right to
regulate suffrage, and no law of Congress has
yet been passed in contravention of that.
Mr. COOK. It is contended that men who
have been engaged in armed hostility to the
United States, unless disqualified by the laws
of Kentucky, have a right to vote in elections
of members of this House. That is the propo-
sition, and that proposition I deny. The same
