2308
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
the Secretary of the Interior, in response to the
resolution of the House of the lGt,h instant,
relative to the suspension of the sale of certain
lands ceded to the United States by the Great
and Little Osage Indians ; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
CLERICAL FORCE IN PATENT OFFICE.
TheSPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, transmitting a communi-
cation from the acting Commissioner of Patents,
relatiye to the necessity of increasing the force
of clerks and the accommodation for said
clerks; which was referred to the Committee
on Patents, and ordered to be printed.
INDIAN APPROPRIATIONS.
. The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secretaiy
of the Treasury, transmitting a communica-
tion from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
relative to the necessity of an early appropria-
tion for the purpose of subsisting friendly In-
dians ; which was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
COTTON CLAIMS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the clerk of the Court of Claims, in compliance
with the resolution of the House of the 17th
instant, as to the number of judgments ren-
dered in said court in cotton cases ; which was
referred to the Committee of Claims, and
oidered to be printed.
LEAVE OF ARFENCE.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Van
Aukex for one week, and to Air. I'oi.sley for
three weeks.
ARGUMENT OF MANAGER BUTLER.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
is the consideration of the following resolution,
reported from the Committee on Printing, on
the 31st of March, on which the previous ques-
tion was seconded:
Resolved, That there be printed for tho use of this
House live thousand copies of the opening addles
of Hon. Bknjimin E. Buti.ee, one of the Manager*
on the part of the JJouso of Kcpresentatives on the
trial of Andrew Johnson, of the United
States, before the Senate, with the accompanying
brief of law authorities, and forty thousand copies
without the accompanying brief.
When this resolution waslast under considera-
tion the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]
moved to reconsider the vote bv which the
previous question was seconded upon the res-
olution. The question was taken, and no quo-
rum voted. That is now the pending question,
and the Chair will appoint Mr. Garfield and
Mr. Elmudge to act as tellers.
The question was taken : and the tellers re-
ported that there were—ayes 50, noes 137 ; no
quorum voting.
Mr. BANKS. I move that there be a call
of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
unanimous consent will be given to have this
resolution recommitted to tho Committee on
Printing, who will, no doubt, adjust this whole
matter to the satisfaction of this House.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. There is no objection on
this side of rtie House to that being done.
Mr. BANKS. If that can be donn, I will
withdraw my motion for a call of the House.
No objection being made, the motion for a
call of the House was withdrawn, and the res-
olution was recommitted to the Committee on
Printing.
CENTAL SYSTEM.
Mr. PILE, byunanimous consent, presented
the resolutions adopted by the St. Louis Mer-
chants' Exchange, concerning the cental sys-
tem : which were referred to the Committee on
Coinage, "Weights, and Measures.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
is the consideration of House bill No. 768. con-
cerning the rights of American citizensin foreign
States.
Mr. BANKS obtained the floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. I have been
directed by the Committee on Appropriations to
report back to this House Senate bill No. 402,
making appropriations for the expenses of the
impeachment, trial, and one other item not con-
nected with that subject. I hope there will be
no objection to its consideration at this time.
Mr. BANKS. I do not think I can yield for
that purpose.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is a mat-
ter of great public necessity, and I suppose the
gentleman will not object to it if no one else
objects to it.
Mr. BANKS. If there is no objection to
the bill T will yield.
No objection was made.
EXPENSES OF IMPEACHMENT TRIAL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the
Committee on Appropriations, reported back
Senate bill No. 402, making appropriations
for the expenses of the trial of Andrew John-
son, and other contingent expenses of the
Senate, for the year ending June 30, 18GS, and
for other purposes.
Mr. SPALDING. I would inquire if there
arc any amendments reported to this bill?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will
inform my colleague on the Committee on Ap-
propriations [Mr. Spaldixo] that this is the
same bill which was considered in the com-
mittee this morning.
Mr. SPALDING. I know there was one
matter left undetei mined. I want to know what
was done with the $40,000 item.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will
explain that.
Mr. BANKS. I must object to this bill
being considered now if there is to be any
lengthened discussion upon it.
Mr. CUANLER. Let there be five minutes'
explanation.
Mr. BANKS. Very well.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The bill
contains several items: one of $10,000 for the
expenses of tho impeachment trial; one of
$40,000; and then an item of $17,000 to pay
the Capitol police. The Committee on Ap-
propriations have directed mc to report those
three items, proposing to leave the other items
to abide the fate of the ordinary deficiency bill.
If the House proceed to the consideration of
this bill 1 shall move, in addition to what the
committee report in favor of, the appropria-
tion of $15,000 to pay the laborers over there,
who. I understand, have not had a dollar of
pay since last December.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. What is the aggregate
amount of the items in the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There are
items of S10,000, $10,000.$] 7,000, and $15,000.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 understand that the
appropriation of $15,000 is not already in tho
bill, but that the gentlemanfrom Illinois pro-
poses ro add it as an amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is in the
bill now ; but the Committee on Appropria-
tions of the House decline to recommend the
adoption of that item, for the reason that they
thought it should go into the ordinary defi-
ciency bill: but in consequence of an explana-
tion 1 have had this morning—and 1 make this
statement more particularly for the benefit of
my friend from Ohio [Mr. Spalding]—in regard
to these messengers, who have waited since last
December for their pay, I propose upon my own
responsibility to ask the House to adopt the
appropriation providing for their compensa-
tion. The House can vote for the proposition
or not, according to its own judgment.
Mr. SPALDING. I would like to know
what the item of $40,000 is for? The com-
mittee has not been informed upon that sub-
ject.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I propose
to explain.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman from
Illinois allow me to ask one other question ?
Oh, no ; you are not to
I have not
I wish to Inquire whether this bill contains any
" cat under the meal," which is to be brought
to view by the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Wilson] or the gentleman from Ohio. [Mr.
Schexcic?] I wish to know whether we are to
be entrapped, as we were on a former occa-
sion ?
Mr. SPALDING.
be entrapped.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois
seen any " cat under the meal."
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
this is an appropriation bill, and does not now
contain any legislation; and if any should be
proposed if/would not be in order, not being
germantyro the bill.
Mr. /ft ASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
thinlyuiat the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Eli/ridge] has any reason to believe that the
mniittee on Appropriations would foist any-
ing upon the House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. No, sir. I will do the
gentleman the justice to say that I do not be-
lieve he would do anything of that kind; but
the gentleman will remember that once, when
we gave unanimous consent for an apparently
unobjectionable bill, we found ourselves in the
dilemma of being entrapped.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I trust
the House will never be deceived by anything
which I may state.
I wish now to say a word in reply to the in-
quiryof my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding.]
1 was directed by the Committee on Appro-
priations to inquire into the item of 340,000
for miscellaneous expenses. It is for a great
number of expenses tor which the vouehersare
tiled in the Seriate. I have not had time to go
over them ; but I have been assured by the
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Morrill,] the chair-
man of the Senate Committee on Appropria-
tions, one of the most careful and correct men
who has ever had charge of appropriation bills,
that he went over these items carefully, one by
one, and that they are amounts actually due.
Under this statement of the circumstances I
have thought it my duty, under my instructions
from the committee, to consent to" that item.
Mr. SPALDING. I ask my colleague on
the committee whether he has learned that
these expenditures are for legitimate purposes
in the Senate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Entirely so.
Mr. SPALDING. Are they connected with
the impeachment?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illi nois. They are
not all connccted with the impeachment; hut
they are all for legitimate purposes, as I have
been informed by the chairman of the Senate
Committee on Appropriations. I conferred
with him this morning, and he said that if I
would refer to the debate as reported in the
Globe I would find the matter all explained. I
have not, however, had time to do so. With
these remarks I leave the question to the
consideration of the House.
Hie SPEAKER. The bill as passed by the
Senate will be read.
n w'"cl1 was read, proposes to make
the following appropriations for the payment
ot the expenses of the trial of the impeachment
of Andrew Johnson, and other contingent ex-
penses of the Senate of the United State*, for
the year ending Ju„e 30, 1808: for expenses
of the trial of the impeachment of Andrew John-
son, President of the United States, $10,000-
for miscellaneous items, $40,000; for'defi-
ciency in the appropriation for the payment of
the Capitol police, and for additional policemen
and incidental expenses thereof, §17,000 ; fo>-
deficiency ill the appropriation for the pavmert
of additional messengers, $15,000: for defi-
ciency in the appropriation for defraying die
Sfc /d™t,0n °f the Senate Chamber?
So,000, foi deneiency m the appropriation fo 
furniture and repairs, $5,000; for deficiency?,
the appropriation for clerks 1o comm tee,
pages, horses, and carryalls, $15 (jot) '
Mr WASHBURNE, ofHlinois^Mr. W-r
I will again state that the Committee on \ ,
propnations agreed to recommend the Xikii!'-
