THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the twenty-first rule.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"XXI. The ease on each side shall be opened by
one person. The final argument 011 the merits may
be made by two persons on each side, (unless other-
wise ordered by the Senate upon application for that
purpose,) aiJd the argument shall be opened and
closed on the part of the House of Representatives.*'
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question is on
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Yates] to the amendment as
amended proposed by the Senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Henderson.] Upon this question
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 31 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Colliding, Corbett, Cra-
gin, Davis, Doolittle, Fowler, Hendricks, Howard,
McCreery, Morgan, Morton, Norton, Saulsbury,
Sprague, Van Winkle, Vickers, and Yates—IS.
NAYS—Messrs. AnLhony, Bayard, Cameron, Cat-
tell,Chandler, Dixon, Drake. Edmunds, Ferry, Fes-
senden, Frelingliuysen, Grimes, llarian, Henderson,
Howe, Johnson, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Patterson of Tennessee, Poineroy, Ramsey,
Boss, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton,
Trumbull, Willey, Williams, and Wilson—31.
NOT VOTING.—Messrs. Cole, Conness, Nye, Pat-
terson of New Hampshire, and Wade—n.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question re-
curs on the amendment as amended.
Mr. FRELiNGHUYSEN.^ I should like
to hear the original proposition, as moved, I
believe, by the Senator from California, read.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I move
to postpone the further consideration of this
subject until the close of the first argument on
the part of the Managers. I think that argu-
ment ought to proceed.
The motion was not agreed to; there being
on a division—ayes 10, noes 22.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question recurs
on the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Henderson] as amended on motion
of the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull]
to the original proposition made by the Sena-
tor from Maryland, [Mr. Vickers.] Both the
original order and the proposed amendment
will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The original order is as
follows:
Ordered, That two of the Managers on tho part of
the House be permitted to lile their printed or writ-
ten arguments on or before eleven o'clock to-morrow,
and that alter an oral opening by a Manager and the
reply of one of the President's counsel another of
the President's counsel shall havo the privilege of
filing a written or of making an oral address, to be
followed by the closing speech of one of tho Presi-
dent's counsel and the iinal reply of aManager under
tho existing rule.
The amendment as amended proposes to
strike out all after the word ' • Ordered'' and to
insert:
That as many of the Managers and of the counsel
for the President as desire to do so be permitted to
file arguments or to address the Senate orally, but
the conclusion of tho oral argument shall be by one
Manager as provided in the twenty-first rule.
The CHIEF JUSTICE put the question on
the amendment as amended and declared him-
self at a loss to decide the result.
Mr. HOWARD called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered : and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 28, nays 22 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Conkling, Cragin, Davis,
Dixon, Doolittle, Edmunds. Ferry, Fessenden, Fow-
ler, Grimes, Henderson, Hendricks. Johnson, Mc-
Creery, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Norton, Patter-
son ol Tennessee, Saulsbury,Sherman, Sprasue, Tip-
ton, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Vickers, Willey, and
Yates—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard. Buckalew, Cameron, Cat-
tell, Chandler, Corbett, Drake, Frelinghuysen, Har-
lan, Howard, Howe, Morgan, Morrili of Vermont,
Patterson of New Hampshire, Pomcroy, Ramsey,
Ross, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Williams, and Wil-
son—22.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Colo, Conness, Nye, and
Wade—-i.
So tho amendment as amended was
agreed to.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question
recurs on the order as amended.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 28, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cragin, Davis, Doolittle,
Ferry, Fessenden, Kowler, Grimes, Henderson, Hend-
ricks, Johnson, MeCreery, Morgan, Morrill of Maine,
Morton, Norton, Patterson of Tennessee, Ramsey,
Saulsbury, Sherman, Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull, Van
Winkle, Vickers, Willey, Wilson, and Yates—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Buekalew, Cameron, Cat-
tell, Chandler, Conkling, Corbett, Dixon, Drake, Ed-
munds. Frelinghuysen, lfarlan, Howard, liowe,
Moriili of Vermont, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Pomeroy, Ross, Sprague, Stewart, Thayer, and Wil-
liams—22.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Cole, Conness, Nye, and
Wade—4.
So it was
Ordered, That as many of the Managers as desire
to do so be permitted to file arguments or to address
the Senate orally; but the conclusion ot the oral
argument shall be by one Manager, as provided in
the twenty-first rule.
The CHIEF J USTICE. Gentlemen Man-
agers on the part of the House of Represent-
atives, you will please to proceed with the argu-
ment.
Hon. JOHN A. LOGAN, one of the Man-
agers of the impeachment on the part of the
House of Representatives, thereupon, under
the order just adopted by the Senate, filed the
following argument:
Mr. President aud Senators : When one in
public life is suddenly called to the discharge
of a novel and important public duty whose
consequences will be great and whose effects
will be historical, he must betray an inordinate
self-esteem and an unpardonable lack of mod-
esty if he did not at the outset acknowledge
his diffidence and solicit forbearance.
And, sirs, more than any other man do I
feel that it becomes me to invoke the charity
and to ask the leniency of this honorable tri-
bunal. For surely never since the foundation
of this Government has there been east upon
any of its servants a duty so high ami import-
ant in its nature, so unusual aud unexpected
in its character, and so full of good or ill in its
consequences as She duty with which the Man-
agers on behalf of the people now find them-
selves charged, and one part of which I now
reluctantly lind myself called upon to perform.
I shall be sustained throughout my effort by
the consciousness that the cause I in part repre-
sent is too great to be weakened by my weak-
ness, and by the sincere hope that however
feeble may bo my efforts, and however appa-
rent may be my imperfections, 1 shall not be
accused of a want of fairness, or found lacking
in concession and candor.
I wish to assure you, Senators—I wish most
earnestly and sincerely to assure tho learned
and honorable counsel for the defense—that
we speak not only for ourselves but for the
great body of the people when we say that we
regret this occasion, and we regret the neces-
sity which has devolved this duty upon us.
Heretofore, sirs, it has been the pride of every
American to point to tho Chief Magistrate of
his nation. It has been his boast that to that
great office have always been brought the most
preeminent purity, the most undoubted in-
tegrity, and the most unquestioned loyalty
which the country could produce. However
fierce might be the strife of party; however
clamorous might be the cry of politics ; how-
ever desperate might be the struggles of leaders
and of factions, it has always been felt that the
President of the United States was an admin-
istrator of the law in all its force and example,
and would be a promoter of the welfare of
his country in all its perils and adversities.
Such have been the hopes aud sueh has been
the reliance of the people at large ; aud in con-
sequence the chief executive chair has come
to assume in the hearts of Americans a form
so sacred and a name so spotless that nothing
impure could attach to the one and nothing
dishonorable could taint the other. To do
aught or to say aught which will disturb this
cherished feeling will be to destroy one of the
dearest impressions to which our people eling.
And yet, sirs, this is our duty to-day. We
are here to show that President Johnson, the
man whom this country once honored, is un-
fitted for his place. We are here to show that
in his person he has violated the honor1 and
sanctity of his office.' We are here to show
that he usurped the power of his position and
the emoluments of his patronage. ! We are
here to show that he has not only will fully vio-
lated the law, but has maliciously commanded
its infringement. We are here to show that
he has deliberately done those things which he
ought not to have done, and that he has crim-
inally left undone those things which he ought
to have done.
He has betrayed his countrymen that he
might perpetuate his power, and has sacrificed
their interests that he might swell his authority.
He has made the good of the people subordi-
nate to his ambition, and the harmony of the
community second to his desires. He has
stood in the way which would have led the
dismembered States back to prosperity and
peace, and has instigated them to the path
which led to discord and to strife. He has
obstructed acts which were intended to heal,
and lias counseled the course which was in-
tended to separate. The differences which he
might have reconciled by his voice he has
stimulated by his example. The questions
which might have been amicably settled by his
acquiescence have been aggravated by his
insolence ; and in all those instances whereof
in our articles we complain, he has made his
prerogatives a burden to the Commonwealth
instead of a blessing to his constituents.
And it is not alone that in his public course
he has been shameless and guilty, but that his
private conduct has been incendiary and ma-
lignant. It is not only that he has notoriously
broken the law, but that he has criminally
scoffed at the framers of the law. By public
harangue and by political arts he has sought to
cast odium upon Congress and to insure credit
for himself; and thus, hi a Government where
equal respect and dignity should be observed
in reference to the power and authority con-
ferred upon each of its several departments, he
has attempted to subvert their just proportions
and to arrogate to himself their respective
jurisdictions. It is for these things, Senators,
that to-day he stands impeached; and it is be-
cause of these that the people have bid us
prosecute. That we regret it, I have said; that
they regret it, I repeat; and though it tears
away the beautiful belief with which, like a
drapery, they had invested the altar, yet they
feel that the time has come when they must
expose and expel the sacrilegious priest in
order to protect and preserve the purity of the
temple.
Yes, Senators, Andrew Johnson, President
of the United States, now stands arraigned at
this bar to answer to the high crimes and mis-
demeanors which an indignant and outraged
people have at length alleged against him.
This trial has given us many surprises, but no
one fact lias given us more surprise than the
tone of complaint which by his counsel he has
assumed. Of what should he complain? Did
he think that he could proceed in his unwar-
rantable course forever with impunity? Did
he suppose that he could break down every rule
and safeguard in the land and that none should
say him nay ? Did he believe that because the
people were for a time stricken into silence by
the audacity of his acts they would suffer in
sadness and continue to be dumb ? Did he not
know that they were jealous of their liberties
and rights, and in the end would punish him
who attempted to tamper with either; and now
that they are visiting upon him the inevitable
result of his misdeeds is it of this that he com-
plains? He should rather give them thanks
that tliey have spared him so long, aud be
grateful that their magnanimity has preserved
him to this hour. Is it of the articles alleged
against him that he complains?
Sirs, the people have selected the latest but
not the greatest instance of his dereliction.
They have hesitated, in the first instance, to
think that the actions which they knew were
insidious were intended to be revolutionary.
