1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
33S3
right to protect itself which authorized the Gov-
ernment to send troops into the State of Ken-
tucky, not upon the call of her Governor, not
upon the call of her Legislature, to subdue an
armed rebellion against the United States by
capturing and destroying the rebel armies upon
the soil of Kentucky. The same right exists
to prevent the destruction of the Government
by the election of officers who shall control the
Government for the same ends._
The Constitution provides, in the second
section of the first article, that—
"The House of Representatives shall be composed
of members chosen every second year by the people
of the several States."
Now, my position is that a public enemy is
no portion of the " people of the several
States.1'
Mr. JONES. Read on a little further.
Mr. COOK, (reading:)
"And the electors in each State shall have the quali-
fications requisite for electors of the most numerous
branch of the State Legislature."
Mr. JONES. Exactly.
Mr. COOK. It is incompetent for the Legis-
lature of the State of Kentucky to make electors
of men who are not people of the State of Ken-
tucky ; and if any persons are public enemies
they are not people of Kentucky, not a part
of the body-politic and public enemies at the
same time.
Mr. .1 ONES. Then I would ask the gentle-
man to show me any law of Congress which
provides that these gentlemen shall not vote?
Mr. COOK. I decline to yield further. I
will give the gentleman full opportunity to
make his speech. I hold that armed enemies
of the Government in Kentucky are not people
of the State of Kentucky within the meaning
of the Constitution. And these men are, by
the decision of the Supreme Court of the
United States, and of the supreme court of
the State of Kentucky, public enemies of the
Government. I will now refer to the laws of
the State of Kentucky, which I think dis-
qualify these enemies of the Government from
being judges of election. In Myers's Supple-
ment, page 450, is the following :
An Act to amend section one, article three, chapter
thirty-two, title ■'Elections," of the Revised Stat-
utes.
Bp it c/utrfpd bp the General An".etnbly of the Common-
wealth of Kentucky, That hereafter, so ion.? as there
arc two distinct political parties in this Common-
wealth, the sheriff, judges, and clerk oi election, in
all cases of election by tue people under the Constitu-
tion and laws of the Umted States, and under the con-
stitution and laws of Kentucky, shall be so selected
and appointed as that one of the judges at each phicc
of voting shall be of one political party, and the
other judge of the other or opposing political party:
and that a like difference shall exist at each pl/ice of
voting between the sheriff and eierk of elections:
Provided, That there be a sufficient number of the
members of each political party resident in theseveral
prceinets as aforesaid to fill said offices. And this
requirement shall be observed by all officers of this
Commonwealth who have the power to appoint any
of the aforesaid officers of election, under the pen-
alty of a fine of $100 for each omission, to be recov-
ered by presentment of the grand jury.
That act was passed February 11,1858. On
the 15th of March, 18G2, the following act was
passed :
An act to amend an act entitled 44 An act to amend
section one, article three, chapter thirty-two, title
'Elections,' of the Revised Statutes," approved
February 11,1858.
Sec. 1. That in construing the act approved Feb-
ruary 11,185S, to which this is an amendment, those
who have engaged in the rebellion for the overthrow
of the (Tovernment, or who have in any way aided,
counseled, or advised the separation of Kentucky
from the Federal Union by force of arms, or adhered
to ihose engaged in the effort to separate her from
the Federal Union by force of arms, shall not be
deemed one of the political parties in this Common-
wealth within the provisions of the act to which this
is an amendment.
tfhc. 2. This act to take effect from and after its
passage.
Mr. JONES. Will the gentleman yield to
me ?
Mr. COOK. Not now.
Mr. JONES. I want to read an act passed
bv the Legislature in 1805.
"Mr. COOK. I am familiar witn that law,
and the gentleman can read it when he comes
to speak. . .
I understand that the law which I have just
read provides that judges of election shall not
be selected from those who were engaged in
the rebellion for the overthrow of the Govern-
ment, or who in any way aided, counseled,
or advised the separation of Kentucky from
the Union by force of arms, or adhered to those
engaged in the effort to separate the State from
the Federal Union by force of arms. That
constitutes the disqualification.
And the rule has been well settled that where
an officer of election is disqualified from hold-
ing the office, that election is invalid. The
rule is different where the judge selected is
competent to hold the office, but has not been
qualified according to the forms of law. But
if the judge or clerk or sheriff of the election
is disqualified by the law from holding the
office, it is precisely the -same in principle as
though the election was held without any officer
whatever.
There are numerous authorities upon this
question. It has been repeatedly settled in
this House. I will refer to the authorities
without reading them particularly. The first
case is that of Eastman vs. Scott, in the first
volume of Contested Election Cases, page 275.
in which that rule was held. The same rule
was beld in another case, and the same rule
was held during the present session in the case
of Delano vs. Morgan, which has been decided
and approved by the House. In the case of
Bennett vs. Chapman, of Nebraska, this same
rule was also held. I will now read from the
Contested Election Cases, from 1834 to 18G5,
page 212, Bennett vs. Chapman :
" Persons assumed to act as judges of election and
clerks w.ere appointed without the requirements of
law. This is quite sufficient of itself, according to
well-settled principles repeatedly established bythis
House for the rejection of the entire poll at Archer.
In the case of James Jackson vs. Anthony Wayne, of
G-eorgia, first session of Second Congress, it was de-
cided by this House that when the law regulating tho
election required that three magistrates should pre-
side at the election, areturn by three persons, two of
whom were not magistrates, was defective. The right
of suffrage, great and inestimable as it may be, is
nevertheless a right regulated and qualified by law.
Indeed, it can only be properly exercised m conform-
ity to the requirements of law; without these it would
soon cease to be valuable."
I hold, therefore, the lav/ to be well settled
that where persons acted as officers of election
who were disqualified by the law from holding
that office, the entire poll where such officers
officiated should be rejected. Such a poll has
no more authority than if it were held by
officers who were noil-residents or not citizens
of the United States. It gives no validity to
the election. But I will not discuss this ques-
tion at any length at present.
Mr. BECK. I ask the gentleman how he
answers the provisions of two statutes of Ken-
tucky, which I ask permission to read, as they
are short. First, the act of December 19,
ISO-"), provides:
"That an act entitled'An act to amend the fifteenth
chapter ot the levised statutes entitled "Citizens,
Expatriation, and Aliens,'" passed March 11,18U2, be
and the same is hereby repealed, and all persons
who may have lost any constitutional, legal, or other
right 01' privilege by the operation ot said act shall
bo and are hereby restored to the full and tree usa
and enjoyment of the same as completely as if such
act had never been passed; and this act shall be a
bar to any prosecution or indictmcnt growing out of
said act."
The other act, passed January 13, 1866,
provides that the power to pardon persons who
| have committed treason is vested in the Gen-
! eral Assembly, and that all persons who have
! at any time before committed treason against
i the Commonwealth shall be absolved from all
pain sand penalties.
Mr. COOK. I cannot yield further. I un-
derstand that repealed an aet different from
the one the gentleman has stated. It applied to
the act I hold in my hand, an act in reference
to the expatriation of citizens, and it does not
refer to the act I have quoted. The act I
quoted was the act of March, 1802, and is not
the act repealed by the act quoted by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky.
Now, if you reject the votes of men who had
been in the rebel army, if you throw out the
votes taken and certified by the men disquali-
il fied by the law of Kentucky from acting as
officers of election, then Mr. McK.ee is entitled
to a seat upon this floor by a majority of forty-
one votes. The whole question as to the right
of Mr. McKee to a seat, in my opinion, turns
upon the decision of the two points:
First. Can a man be elected to a seat in this
House by the votes of soldiers of the rebel
army? and, second, can votes be counted
which were taken and certified by men who
were also rebel soldiers, who, by the laws of
Kentucky, are disqualified from acting as offi-
cers of election? The decision of these ques-
tions by the House must determine the right
of Mr. McKee to the seat claimed by him.
Mr. Speaker, before I sit down I move the
following resolution, that the contestant may be
heard in this case:
llesulved. That Samuel McKee, contestant in the
case now being considered, be permitted to address
the House.
Mr. UPSON. Under the rules of the House.
Mr. COOK. I accept that as a modification
of my resolution.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, before I pro-
ceed to consider the last report which has been
laid upon our tables from the Committee of
Blecticms iu this case, I desire briefly to reply
to some positions assumed by my colleague,
on the committee, in his remarks this morning,
because they seem to be somewhat disconnected
from the other part of the subject.
It is said, in the first place, that Mr. Young,
who received a majority of 1,479 votes in the
race for election to Congress in this ninth dis-
trict of Kentucky, is not a loyal man, and
therefore ought not to be allowed to take the
oath required by the act of 18(52. In the
minority report, which I had the honor, in the
first instance, to submit to this House in refer-
ence to this case, I discussed this branch of
the case at some length and examined in a
spirit of fairness the evidence touching this
point. I do not intend now to go over that
evidence at any considerable length, for my
time will not permit me to do it; hut I do
invite the attention of gentlemen to that report
to the end that they may at least do them-
selves, if not me, the justice to be advised
what the facts are touching this case, so that
they can act and decide intelligently on the
final vote. The report of the majority sub-
mitted on the 18th instant is strangely brief,
meager, and unsatisfactory. It states con-
clusions, but gives no evidence.
It is first charged that he fed rebel soldiers.
The proof on that point, Mr. Speaker, does
show that on several occasions Judge Young
did furnish provisions to men who were en-
gaged in the rebel service. The testimony also
shows, and in some instances from the mouths
of the same witnesses, that some of the best
Union men in the ninth congressional district
did just the same thing ; and that they did it
under circumstances which divested the act of
every element of criminality, of every particle
of disloyalty ; that they did it under circum-
stances under which every principle of law, of
morality, aud of humanity, justifies the doing
of it, under circumstances under which you,
Mr. Speaker, and I would have done it. Many
times under circumstances of absolute com-
pulsion. Many times under the influence of
fear. Other times for the purpose of saving
Union men from having their property taken
from them by brute force.
I presume that the statement of Mr. Hall,
with regard to the " basket of provisions," will
not be taken by an intelligent jurist as evi-
dence of anything except the mere tact that he
may have seen a negro with a basket. He
does not even know what was in the basket;
the negro only told him. He does not say
that it was intended for the rebels at Boyd's,
or that he knows it ever reached them, and,
what is more material than all, he neither says
nor intimates that Young was at home at the
time, or, if at home, that he knew a syllable
about what the negro was doing with the basket,
what he intended to do with it, what it con-
tained, or anything about it. Whatever may
