252
SUPPLEMENT TO
They preferred to attribute to the frailty of his
mind what they should have ascribed to the
duplicity of his heart; and when, day after day,
the evidences of his falsehood became stronger
and stronger, when month after month the
baseness of his purpose became more and more
palpable, and when session after session the
proof of his desertion became more and more
convincing, still they hesitated, until further
hesitation as to him would have been certain
destruction to them, and they presented through
us, nothismostflagrantoffenses, butonlyhislast
off'endings. Should he complain that they de-
nounce for the lesser when he is equally guilty
of tlie greater crimes? Is it of this tribunal
that he complains? You, Mr. President, pre-
side, and most worthily preside, over the Su-
preme Court, which is the court of last resort
m all this land. To you and your associates is
left the final arbitrament of the most grave and
importantcontroversies which concern our peo-
ple. By your education and habityou are fitted
to pass upon serious issues. You are raised
by your jurisdiction above the ordinary pas-
sions and prejudices of the lesser courts ; and
this of itself is a guaranty of your impartiality
in a forum like this. And you, Senators, by
the theory and structure of our Government,
are constituted its most select and responsible
legislators. By tho arrangement and disposi-
tion of the functions of our Federal powers,
you occupy a sphere the exact parallel to which
is found in no other Government of the world.
You are of the President, and yet so far sep-
arated from him that you arc beyond his flat-
teries and above his threats. You are of the
people, and yet so far removed from them that
you are not affected by their local excitements;
you are not swayed by their passions, nor influ-
enced by llieir tumults. When the Constitu-
tion fixed the age of eligibility to the Senate it
was that your minds should be matured and
that your judgments should be ripened ; it was
that you should have come to that period when
reason is not obscured by passion and wisdom
is gathered of experience. To such an august
body have the people committed their griev-
ances ; and of this lie certainly should not com-
plain. Does he complain of us? Sirs, it may
be that he does ; but yet [ feel that he should
not. What we have done wo have done
promptly, but none the less reluctantly. We
felt, as citizens, the irresistible conviction that
this man was false to every citizen ; and we
felt, as Managers, that we did not dare to jeop-
ardize, by unseemly delay or fatal favors, the
safety of a nation. We thought—
" It it wove done, when 'lis done, then 'twere well
It wcrodouo quickly."
There had been too much dallying with trea-
son already. If but a few short years ago
traitors had been quickly seized and speedily
punished there would never have been a shot
fired in rebellion. If plotters had been made
to feel the early gripe of the law there never
would have been a resort fo arms. When we
looked back and recalled the memories of our
battle-fields; when we saw the carnage amid
the slain, the unutterable woe of the wounded ;
when we remembered the shriek of the widow
and the sob of the orphan; when we reflected
on the devastation of our land and the bur-
dens now on our people; when we turned us
about and saw in every direction the miseries
and the mischiefs winch follow every war, no
matter how just, and when we remind our-
selves that ail this would not have been had
treason been executed for its overt acts before
yet its hands were red: and when we felt, as
we do all feel, that to delay might bring all
this and more upon us, we could not, ami did
notpan.se. We urged this trial at "railroad
speed." In view of such results self-preser-
vation would have dictated that we should ask
for lightning speed." Ought he to complain ?
If he is guilty, then there is no speed too great
for his deserts. If he is innocent, there is
none too great for his deliverance. It is the
fact, then, that wc have desired to advance
this case with ail possible speed; but it is not
the fact that we have advanced with all pos-
sible rigor. We only desired to be just; we
did not wish to be severe. If we had been
actuated by any spirit other than a sense of
our high duty we might have given the Presi-
dent cause to complain. We might have asked,
and asked it in the strength of authority, too,
that pending the trial he should have been
placed under arrest, or at least suspended from
his office. The English practice would have
sanctioned this. May, in his treatise on the
law, privilege, &e., of Parliament, says:
"If thea,ccusedbeapeerhe is attached or retained
in custody by orderof ttio House of Lords; ifacom-
moner, he is taken into custody by the sergeant-at-
aims attending the Commons, by whom he is de-
livered to tho gentleman usher of the black rod, in
whoso custody ho remains until ho is admitted to
bail by tho llon-e of Lotds, or otherwise disposed of
by their order."—Chapter 23.
In Wooddcson we find it was customary for
tho Commons to request the Lords that the
person impeached "may be sequestered from
liis seat in Parliament or be committed, or that
the peers will take order for his appearance,
according as the degree of the imputation jus-
tifies more or less severity." The Commons
demanded that Clarendon be sequestered from
Parliament and committed. (0 Howell's State
Trials, 395; 11 Howell, 733.)
Lord Stafford was sequestered in 1641. (2
Nalson's Collections, 7.)
In the matter of the impeachment of Blount
it was ordered by the Senate as follows, July
7, 1797 :
"That the said William Blount be taken into tho
custody of tho messenger ot this House until he shall
outer into recognizance, himself in the sum of %'Jh-
000, with two suflieient sureties in tho Him of S11,000
each, to appeal and answer such articles of impeach-
ment as may tie exhibited against him."
On the 18th day of June, 178>S, in the Vir-
ginia convention, George Mason objected to the
pardoning power vested in the President for
ordinary crimes. Mr. Madison, in reply, said :
" There is one security in this ease to which gentle-
men may not haveadverted ; if t he President bccon-
neeted in any suspicious manner with any person,
and there bo grounds to believe ho will shelter him,
tho llousc of Representatives can impeach him; they
[evidently referring to tho Senate, or the Senate in
connection with the House (ean remove him if found
guilty: thru dot vuipt'/uf lam rchrn itiiprctn/, and the
power will dc\ olve upon tho Vlee I'lcsideut."
Therefore, as we have not asked what we
might have so consistently demanded, I feel
that, he has no ground of discontent with us.
What, then, is he to answer? He is to make
defense to the charge of high crimes and mis-
demeanors which ihe people of the United
States, in virtue of their sovereignty, do pro-
claim against him. I wish to bo distinctly
understood when [ say that the allegation
comes from the people in their sovereignty—■
in their supreme capacity as the rulers of us
all. liy rcmembeiing this we may escape from
the narrow confines of legal technicalities, and
be governed by more extended and liberal
rules than prevail in Ihe courts of tho common
law. It shall not be truthfully said that the
charges which come from a whole people are
ft ivolous and vain; it shall not longer be claimed
that that which a community in its aggre-
gate capacity asserts is insufficient and of no
avail ; the mighty mass of men who are the
nation—the great unit of minds who are this
U nion—of minds enlightened, of thoughts pro-
found, of discrimination quick, and purpose
steady, of hearts free, of souls resolved, of all
the elements which make this nation what it
is—a nation young in years, but mature in
action. The murmur of this nation is mighty,
and its accusations cannot be ignoied. Here,
at least, it may bo said: " tax populi vox
DeV'—"the voice of the people is the voice
of God."
It is for this reason that neither a demurrer
to test any questions of law or a motion to
quash to decide any questions of fact has
ever been permitted to be interposed against
any article of impeachment, no matter where
over or whenever such has been presented.
And yet, before issue joined upon the present
occasion, it was asseverated against those who
favored this proceeding that they were about
to pervert the Constitution, to submerge the
law, and further their partisan ambitions by
the proclamation of charges which on their
face are fabulous and weak, if not absurd and
contumacious; and in the answer*which this
respondent has made he has announced, as one
of the issues upon which you are to pass, that
several of our articles are insufficient in law
and inadequate in fact. I repeat, sirs, that
this is an anomalous answer. The fiat of a
people when solemnly pronounced against one
to whom they have delegated official favors
and whom they have charged with derelictions
of official duty can never be treated as an empty
sound, nor their inquiry regarded as an idle
ceremony. And here I wish to impress upon
these triers the important fact that every arti-
cle which we here present stands in the light
of a separate count in an indictment, and must
be decided as a separate issue on its own mer-
its. It should not be permitted, where any
count is found to contain matter of substance,
that the accused should have a verdict of not
guilty because of insufficiency in matters of
form.
It is the rule that all questions of law or of
fact are to be decided in these proceedings by
tho final vote upon the guilt or innocence of
the accused. It is also the rule that in determ-
ining this general issue Senators must con-
sider the sufficiency or insufficiency in law or
in fact of every article of accusation. But the
insufficiency which they are to consider is not
the technical insufficiency by which indictments
arc measured.. No mere insufficiency of state-
ment, no mere want of pieeision, no mere lack
of relative averments, no mere absence of
legal verbiage can inure to the benefit of the
accused. The insufficiency which will avail
him must bo such an entire want of substance
as takes all soul and body from the charge
and leaves it nothing but a shadow. Neither
shall the respondent be allowed to escape be-
cause of any immaterial variance between the
averment and the proof. Tf we have succeeded
in sustaining the principal weight of each sep-
arate article, then we are entitled to a finding
upon each. These are the propositions which I
gather from the following authorities: Trial of
Judge Peck, page 232, (Mr. Wirt, counsel for
respondent;) Mr. Webster, in the trial of Judge
Prescott, page 25 ; Mr. Shaw, in the same case,
page 45; report from the committee of tho
House of Commons appointed to inspect the
Lords journals, April 80, 1794.
Story, on tho Constitution, says:
"It is obvious that tho strictness of tho forms of
proceeding in eases of ofienses at common law aro
ill adapted to impeachments. Tho very habits grow-
ing out ol judicial employments, the rigid mannerin
which the discretion ot judges is hunted and fenced
in on all sides, in order to protect poisons accused of
erimcs, by rules and precedents, and tho adherence
to technical principles which, perhaps, distinguishes
this hianeh ot the law more than any other, arc all
ill adapted to tho trial of political offenses in the
broad course of impeachments." * * 11 *
"There is littloteehmealin the mode of proceeding:
the charges aro sufficiently clear, and yet, in a general
form, there arc few exceptions which arise in the
application of evidence which grow out of mere
technical rules and quibbles; and it has repeatedly
been seen that the functions have boon be-tter under-
stood and more liberally and justly expounded by
statesmen than by more lawyers. An illustiious in-
staneoof this sort is upon recoid in the case cf tho
trial of Warren Hastings, who' e the question whet tier
ail impeachment was abated bya dissolution ot Par-
liament was docidetl m tho negative by the Houso
of Lords as well as tho House of Commons, against
what seemed to be the -vcight of professional opin-
ion."—Story, sees. 7G~\ 7l>3.
WHAT ARB IMPEACHABLE OFFENSES?
The next question which it is proper to ask
is, for what crimes and misdemeanors may an
officer be impeached? Can he be impeached
for any other than an indictable offense? The
authorities certainly sustain the Managers in
asserting that he may be. We cannot search
through all the cases, as they are too numer-
ous, but will call the attention of the Senate
to some that should be regarded as good au-
thority, and the opinions of those who should
be regarded as learned in the law.
