4358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 23,
days—in discussing this matter which has
already taken about three days, and I feel there-
fore inclined to say a few words on it as I am
a member of the committee that reported the
bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.^ Before the
Senator proceeds the Chair desires to state
the question. It appears that the Senator from
Oregon proposes to amend the same section
that the Senator from Maine proposes to dis-
agree to, and the first question will be on the
motion of the Senator from Maine, to strike
out that portion of the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole, to which he objects,
and then the motion of the Senator from
Oregon will be in order.
Mr. HOWARD. I desire to modify the
amendment which I presented before, so as to
leave it discretionary with the President to re-
call the representative from a foreign Govern-
ment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have the same objec-
tion to that. As the bill stood amended by the
amendment of the Senator from Pennsylvania
I had no objection to it. It was then substan-
tially a legislative declaration that all citizens,
whether native or adopted, should stand upon
the same level, and that it should be the duty
of our Government to protect t'nem alike in
all places and under all circumstances; that
is just as far as I think we are entitled to go ;
and it further provided that in case negotia-
tion should fail in point of fact resort should
then be had to Congress by a statement of the
facts. If it should be a question of that sever-
ity as in the judgment of the President of the
United States to need the interposition of
Congress, then that interposition was to be
appealed to.
Now, sir, my objection to legislating in the
manner proposed by the amendment of the
honorable Senator from Michigan is that it
assumes to do what Congress in the nature of
things ought not to assume to do, in my judg-
ment. There are certain things that belong
to the executive power. There are certain
other things that belong to the legislative
power. It is impossible in the nature of things
for Congress to foresee what should be done,
particularly in any one case, and yet this
amendment moved by the honorable Senator
from Michigan proposes to designate precisely
what course shall be adopted in advance, be-
fore we know what the case is, and before we
know what difficulties may surround it, and
before we know what may be the consequences
of the act that we render mandatory upon the
President. We gain nothing by anything of
that description.
Gentlemen talk about the necessity of point-
ing out this matter to the President and dic-
tating the course. Let me ask Senators it' it
is possible to believe that we shall have an Ad-
ministration in this country dependentupon the
will of the people, and desirous to keep the
good will of the people, that will not do all
that it can do with reference to the protection
of our citizens abroad, whether native or
adopted. It is a question of national honor
which no Administration dares to trifle with.
Everything will bo done unquestionably that
can? be done. I believe everything has been
done by this Administration, and I believe that
the Secretary of State has in fact gone further
than he had any authority to go in employing
counsel to defend men who were in difficulty
abroad ; but let that pass.
What I say, then, is that I do not apprehend
the slightest danger of any omission of duty
on the part of any Administration that we
shall ever have in this country so long as that
Administration is elected. They will do it from
the necessity of keeping the good will of the
large mass of the people. And yet, sir, we
here undertake by legislation to point out to
the executive Government, which, from the
nature of things, is and ought to be intrusted
with all these matters of diplomatic relations
and all negotiations with foreign Governments,
precisely what they shall do in a given case
which we know nothing about, and which may
be surrounded by circumstances that we cannot
foresee. Sir, in my judgment it is the most un-
wise thing in the world. In my belief it was
never before attempted in any Government on
the face of the earth to legislate as to what should
be done in a given case in its foreign relations
by that department of the Governmentto which
are intrusted the foreign relations of the coun-
try, and we ought not to interfere with it. I
say, therefore, that, in my judgment, the adop-
tion of that amendment only tends to make us
ridiculous in undertaking to foresee what we
cannot, and to point out a course of action
under circumstances about which we can know
nothing in advance.
That is my objection to the amendment of
the Senator from Michigan. 1 infinitely pre-
fer to that the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Oregon, because it does not
attempt to designate what shall bo done;
but better than either, in my judgment, and
in fact comprising all there is of value in
the amendment of the Senator from Michigan,
is the amendment that was adopted on the
motion of the Senator from Pennsylvania. It
covers the whole ground in proper language
and in appropriate words. It points out that
it is the will of Congress that the executive
Government shall lake all proper steps in all
such cases, a thing unnecessary in itself, but
if we are going to do anything it amounts to
nothing more than that; and it ought not to
amount to anything more than that, because it
is a matter upon which, as 1 said before, we
cannot properly undertake to determine what
particular thing shall be done.
Sir, you must have some confidence in your
Government, and leave the executive part of
it to its appropriate sphere. I know we have
a right to pass laws ; but in all such cases, in
my judgment, the passage of laws undertaking
to interfere with that which is appropriate to
another department of the Government is inju-
rious, and must necessarily be so.
Mr. President, as I said before, we can do
nothing but declare the principle ; and if the
Government does not do its duty the people
will remedy it, and we must leave the proper
remedy to those who have it in their hands. 1
do not believe that any good is to come of the
kind of interference we propose. Where does
this bill come from? We cannot, in the nature
of things, lind a remedy for it. My colleague
was perfectly right in criticising the remedies;
he only did not go quite far enough. Ho
should have said that m the nature of things
no remedy could be found.
Mr. MURK ILL, of Maine. Unless you in-
tend to provide a remedy, there should be no
bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What has experience
taught us in respect to this very bill'! It came
from the House of Representatives with one
remedy. We repudiated it. All the study the
House of Kepresentatives and their Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs could give us was a
resort to reprisals, and that was rejected at
onco unanimously by the Committee on For-
eign Relations on the part of the Semite, and
almost unanimously, if not quite so, by the
Senate itself. There was a remedy, and we
abandoned that. Now, gentlemen are finding
some other remedies. We have had some half
dozen of them, and they all amount to nothing
except this : that we declare the principle we
adopt in regard to it, and what is the duty of
the Government, unless that of the honorable
Senator from Michigan, which is more definite,
but which is objectionable for the reason I have
stated, that it undertakes to cure a case that it
does not know anything about. There is the
difficulty. After we have tried all these things,
and found these differences of opinion, why
should we not leave the hill as it was left ou
the amendment of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania? It stood well there, and I think we
had better stand upon that still.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 rise to make a sugges-
tion in regard to the order of business. There
are a number of executive nominations before
us that ought, to be referred to the appropriate
committees, and if we could go into executive
session for about ten minutes and make those
references before the recess it would expedite
the transaction of business. I do not wish to
interfere with this bill if my frieud from Cali-
fornia thinks he can get a vote.
Mr. CONNESS. I think we are near a vote
now, and if we go into executive session at this
time we shall not have a legislative session
again before the recess. I hope we shall be
allowed to go on with this bill for a few min-
utes, and I think we can get a vote.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I shall postpone my
motion'for a few minutes longer; but if the
Chair will give mo the floor I shall certainly
make the motion again before the recess.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
gives the floor to those who speak for it first.
Mr. ANTHONY. I speak for it now.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to inquire whether
the amendment offered by me in Committee of
the Whole is now amendable in the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
was to concur in the Senate with the amend-
ments made in committee. The Senator from
Maine excepted the amendment to the third
section, and his motion, if properly put, is to
strike out that portion of the section which
was inserted on the motion of the Senator
from Michigan.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to make a small
amendment to the amendment which I offered,
so that it shall leave it discretionary with the
President whether to recall our minister fioui
the foreign Government or not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can be
modified if there be no objection.
Mr. 110 WARD. I suppose by common con-
sent it can bo amended.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to the modifi-
cation unless the Senator modifies the other
part of it also, so as not to make it imperative
on the President of the United States to sus-
pend negotiations with the minister of any for-
eign Government here.
Mr. HOWARD. The truth is, that the
amendment as it now stands does not express
the idea which I had originally. In making a
slight modification at the Clerk's desk I omit-
ted to use such phraseology as would carry out
my exact idea. I wish to have my amend-
ment come fairly before the Senate, and there-
fore ask that it may be modified so as to read in
this way: "That the President of the United
States may withdraw,&c., and in the second
clause to say that he shall discontinue corre-
spondence with the resident minister of that
country here.
Mr. HARLAN. I am not sure that I under-
stood the Chair. Did the Chair rule that an
amendment made in committee was not amend-
able in the Senate ?
Ihe PRES1DING OFFICER. The question
was on concurring in the Senate with the amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole,
and the Senator from Maine excepted this par-
ticular amendment, and the Senator from Maine
now proposes to concur with the amendments
made as in Committee of the Whole, with an
amendment, which is t.o strike out the portion
of the third section that was inserted on the
motion of the Senator from Michigan. It is in
order to concur with an amendment; it is in
order to concur wiLhout amendment ; or, it is
in order not to concur at all.
Mr. HARLAN. When the question shall
be taken on the amendment proposed by the
oenator from Michigan, 1 suppose it will be in
°Nuramend it as that Senator now proposes.
1 he PRESIDING OFFICER. Certamlv it
vvm ihe question uow is on the motion of
the Senator from Maine, to strike out that por-
tion of section three which was inserted on the
Senator from Michigan.
Mr. hEbSEiVDEN. I understand the ques-
tion to be whether the Senate will concur with
that amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 hope the Senate wil"
allow me to mudtfV it.
The PliESlDlNU OFFICER. It appears
