3334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
have been the motive or intention of the trans-
action, it nowhere appears that Young had any
knowledge of or connection with it whatever.
And the same is true of the testimony of the
negro man Spottswood Deadman, upon which
the committee seem to have arrived at the con-
clusion that Mr. Young actually gave aid and
comfort to the rebellion. The witness testifies
as follows:
" Question. Where do you reside?
^ Answer. At Mount Sterling, Kentucky.
Question. What do you know of Mr. Young's loy-
alty during the war?
" Answer. When the rebels were passing through
Owingsville, where I was theti living, and whore Mr.
Young lived, ho took a very active part in feeding
them and conveying provisions to them. He always
talked in favor of rebellion, and when rebels were
passing through he would take them to his house and
teed them. He also swapped a horse with Colonel
Morgan, who was in the rebel service.
"Question. What do you know about Mr. Young
feeding rebels ?
" Answer. I saw provisions going from his house,
and saw him taking rebels to the house.
"Question. Did not Union men give the rebels some-
thing to eat?
"Answer. Of course they did. They were forced to
do so.
" Question. Is that the only aid you know of Mr.
Young giving to the rebellion?
"Answer. I believe it is.
" Question. At the time you speak of, when Mr.
Young sent provisions to the rebel cam| , nobody
was forced to feed them unless he chose ?
" Ajisioer. No, sir.
" Question. It was a voluntary act?
'' Answer. It was voluntary.
Question. There had boon no force used on either
side up to the time General Nelson cainc into the
State ?
"Answer. No, sir.
" Question. When was it that you speak of?
".Answer. In 1861, at the commencement of thewar,
I saw Mr. Young's boy, Louis, carrying provisions to
the camp, which was about two miles out."
Whether this witness is more intelligent than
the generalmass of negroes in Kentucky it is not
necessary to inquire, but I would invite atten-
tion to the character of his statements, and let
candid and impartial minds determine forthem-
selves what weight they are entitled to. He
says: " When the rebels were passing through
Owingsville, where I was then living, and where
Mr. Young lived, he took a very active part in
feeding them, and in conveying provisions to
them." But what does this "very active part"
which Mr. Young took in feeding the rebels
turn out to be I When carefully criticised, it
seems, according to his own statements, that
"in 1881, at the commencement of thewar,
he saw Mr. Young's boy, Louis, carrying pro-
visions to the camp, which was about two miles
out." How often? Let him answer himself:
" Question. About how often did you see food going
out from Mr. Young's house to tkoseeamps or squads
of rebels ?
"Answer. Two or three or four times."
The broad assertion which this witness make,s
with such avidity, that Mr. Young "took a
very active part in feeding lebels and convey-
ing provisions to them," seems to have been
justified in his mind by having seen another
person altogether, the "boy Louis," two or
three or four times, "carrying provisions to
the camp, which was about two miles out;"
but does he show that Young had anything to
do with it? Does he state the quantity or
kind of provisions, or that Young ever knew
of their being carried to the camp? Does he
state how he knows that the provisions ever
went to the camp at all, which was two miles
out? But where is the "boy Louis?" He
could have told whether Young sent him with
the provisions, and surely his testimony was
not omitted by the contestant on account of
his color, race, or condition, and his industry
in hunting up other witnesses justifies the con-
clusion that if he would have testified to any-
thing to Mr. Young's prejudice Mr. McKee
would have produced him. "He would take
rebels to his house and feed them," says Dead-
man ; yet how does he know whether they were
fed or not? He may have seen rebels going
to Young's house in company with Young, but
does it necessarily follow that Young fed them
or encouraged them in their enterprise in any
way ? He says that Young swapped horses with
Colonel Morgan; yet Morgan himself swears
that Youngconseuted to orrathersuggestedthis
arrangement to save the horse of Mr. Barnes,
one of his Union neighbors, less able to lose
it, an act which should rather be applauded
as one of neighborly kindness and generosity
than paraded as an evidence of disloyalty and
treason. Taking the whole of Deadman's tes-
timony together, I am utterly unable to find
that it furnishes anything like satisfactory evi-
dence of an act or expression calculated or
intended to forward the cause of the rebellion;
and besides, it should be borne in mind, while
considering the testimony of Hall and Dead-
man, that it is proved by John Trumbo and
others that while the rebels were encamped at
Boyd's, in 1801, they sent into town and com-
pelled the citizens to send them food. It may
be conceded that the boy Louis did take pro-
visions out to the rebel camp two or three or
four times in 1801; that; rebels were seen in
Young's company, and going to his house;
yet I insist that there is not an iota of proof
that Young even knew that the provisions
were sent, or that he ever spoke a word of
encouragement to the rebels; and surely it
will not be said that a man whose integrity
even his political enemies speak of as unim-
peachable shall have a stigma cast upon his
good name, be deprived of the position to
which he has been fairly elected, and his con-
stituents deprived of their right to be repre-
sented by the man of their choice, 011 such
flimsy, unsatisfactory, and incoherent evidence
as this.
Such is the case in reference to Judge Young's
feeding rebel soldiers. He did sometimes take
them to his house; he sometimes gave them
food and lodgings ; and the testimony shows
in many cases he did these acts for the express
purpose of protecting Union men in the town
where he lived—his neighbors and fellow-citi-
zens and friends—from being outraged by
these men. Is that criminal ? Will this House
decide that the laws of humanity in times of
public strife are suspended, and that men must
act like brutes, like bitter personal enemies,
like monsters of the forest, toward each other?
The next charge which the majority of the
committee seem to have come to the conclu-
sion "is made to appear by clear and satisfac-
tory evidence" is, that Mr. Young pointed out
a Union soldier to some rebels, who captured
him and carried him off at Young's suggestion.
The only witness who testified to this fact is
Greenup Nickell, a worthless rascal and felon,
who relates the circumstance as follows :
"In thespringofl803 Iwas on my way from Mount
Sterling, Kentucky, home. Alter passing Owings-
ville. between Owiugsville and Stato Bridge, 1 was
met by a squad of confederate -soldiers, as they culled
themselves, in number from fifteen to twenty, as near
as 1 can remember. They told me they were goiug
into Owingsville, and did not allow anybody to go
out until they got ready, and that I must go back
with them, which 1 did. After they roue into the
town there was a pretty general rushing of the town
people, who came up or out to see them. Among
others who came there was a certain gentleman
came down toward where I was, and up to the men
who hud me m charge, and close by where I was
standing; he was pointing his linger in the direction
of a certain house, and named the house, but I don't
now rememberthe name of sa.id house, and told the
men that in that house there was a " Yankee soldier,"
and to go for him, which the rebel soldiers did. A
part of the lot went to the house, and some who
remained near me turned toward the gentleman,
whom I did not know, and spoke to him and said:
"How are you, Judge Young?" This same man
whom they called Judge Young, and apart of the
rebel soldiers, turned away from me and engaged in
conversation in rather a lower tone of voice than
at first. I did not hear what was then said, but in a
very short time a partof the same men went olf, and
in a few minutes returned withsome horses, upon one
of which they mounted the prisoner tbey had taken,
and soon after moved of. Before they returned with
the horses the man whom they called Judge Young
went off, and I did not theu again seo him any more."
Before proceeding to examine this statement
it should be remarked that the testimony of this
witness was taken nnder very singular circum-
stances. It seems, from an examination of the
numerous notices served in this case, that Mr.
Young was first notified that the deposition of
Greenup Nickell would be taken in Carter
county on the 4th of September. (See H. Doc.
IS, pp. 88, 8'J.) Mr. Young attended, and the
witness was not produced. Mr. McKee then
gave notice that he would take the deposition
of Nickel! in Rowan comity, on the 80th and
31st of October. Mr. Young's attorney was
present to cross-examine, and again the wit-
ness was not produced.- (H. Doe. 13, p. 75.)
Mr. Young, 011 the 2!0th day of August, had
notice served on Mr. McKee that, he would take
the deposition of Thomas W. Greeu in Mays-
ville, Mason county, 011 the 14th and loth days
of November; and 011 the 2d_ day of Novem-
ber Mr. McKee again gave notice that he would
take the deposition of this witness at Morgan
county, on the 13th and 14th ot that month,
when it would be impossible, in the very nature
of things, for Young to reach therefrom Mays-
ville, or go from there to Maysviile in time to
take the depositions at the latter place. Had
Nickell known Young personally there would,
perhaps, have been nothing at all peculiar in
the circumstance that his attendance could not
be procured until Young was compelled to be
absent, but it does become somewhat suspi-
cious when taken in connection with the fol-
lowing statement in his testimony :
"Question. Ilavo you seen him since? and if so,
state the circumstances.
"Answer. I don't know whether I have ever seen
him since or not, but at February court, just previous
to the May election last, 1 was m court in the court-
house at Moorehcad, and while the court was going
0111 heard some one speak out,'How areyou, Judge
Young?' 1 was at once reminded of the same expres-
sion I had heard at Owingsville, and turned to see
who it was. Tom Hayes, who had been a captain in
the rebel army, was standing near, and 1 took him to
be the man, trom the voice, who then addressed the
man he nailed Judge Young. I was not acquainted
myself with J udge Young, but when 1 saw him there
in the court-house at Moorohead I took lnm to be
the Sitmo I had seen at Owingsville, and believe that
he was the same man. These are the only two times
1 have seen Judge Young, if this was him."
Could Young bave been present and the
witness been compelled to meet the question
face to face, " Is this the man to whom you
allude?" his anwer might have exploded the
whole testimony, just as Willis Hockaday's
affidavit was when he was brought face to face
with Young. But the statement of this wit-
ness does not seem to carry the air of truth
upon its face. It has the limping, uncertain
style of one who is conscious of swearing to a
falsehood, who has a general idea of the outline
of the lie he is to tell without having fixed up
the minute details. He says, "After they rode
into town there was a pretty general rushing
of the town people, who came up or out to see
them. Among others who came there was a
certain gentleman came down toward where 1
was, and up to the men who had me in charge,
and close by where I was standing; he was
pointing his finger in the direction of a certain
house, and named the house, but I don't now
remember the name of said house," &c. This
does not look like the simple, unvarnished
language of truth. He carefully forgets the
name of the certain house; cannot mention the
names of any of the crowd who " came up or
out;" and, besides, he is careful to place Jo.
Wells, the only man he recognized at all, so
far off as not to be able to see or hear the
"certain gentlemen who came down toward
where he was, and up to the men who had
him in charge, and close by where he was
standing.'' Superadded to those suspicious fea-
tures, this witness is proved by Judge Moore,
a lawyer of Washington city and former resi-
dent of Kentucky, who testifies to having
known him well while lie. Moore, was county
judge in Kentucky, to be a man of notoriously
| bad character, and utterly unworthy of belief
| on oath; and besides all this, such conduct as
} the_ testimony of this witness would, by impli-
' cation, attribute to Mr. Young is utterly incon-
sistent with his whole course during the war.
Why was not this man Nickell produced and
examined by Mr. McKee when Judge Young
or his attorney could he present? Why was
the matter so managed by him that he could be
j sure of an ex parte examination of his witness?
| Is it an unjust conclusion to assume that he
| feared the result of a cross-examination or to
i have his facile witness confronted by his iu-
| tended victim? If there had been a fair and
i proper examination of this scamp the result
i would have, no doubt, develop ed another such
