1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
that the whole of section three as it now stands
is an amendment, a part of it was inserted on
the motion of the Senator from, Pennsylvania
and a part of it on the motion of the Senator
from Michigan, and both those amendments
now constitute one section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I move to strike
out that part which was adopted on the motion
of the Senator from Michigan.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
fiuui Maine moves to amend the section by
striking out that portion of it which was in-
sorted on the motion of the Senator from
Michigan.
Mr. CONNESS. Let the Clerk read the
section and the words to be stricken out, and
let us vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read. '
The Chief Ci.rr.k. The third section, as
amended in Committee of the Whole, reads as
follows:
And be it further enacted. That it shall be the duty
of the President to exert all his powers under the
Constitution and laws for the protection and relief
of citizens of the United States abroad, and to report
promptly to Congress from time to time all eases
where justice or relief shall be relused to such citi-
zens by the Government of any foreign country.
And whenever any citizen of the United States shall be
or shall have been unlawfully arrested or unlawfully
detained by any foreign Government it shall be thc_
duty of the President on receiving information thereof
to demand the release and liberation of such citizen;
and in case of the refusal or unreasonable delay of
such foreign Government to release such citizen, it
shall be the duty of the President to withdraw the
diplomatic representative of the United States from
suoii foreign Government and to refuse to uold turtlier
diplomatic correspondence with any representative
of such foreign Government until justice shall be
done in the matter by such Government.
The Senator from Maine moves to strike out
the latter clause, beginning with the words
"and whenever."
Mr. HOWARD. I trust the Senate will
allow me to modify the clause by making it
read, "the President may withdraw the diplo-
matic representative of the United States from
such foreign Government, and shall hold no
further diplomatic correspondence with any
representative of such foreign Government,"
&c. It expresses my idea better.
Mr. ANTHONY. The last clause is made
mandatory.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, and the first discre-
tionary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be so modified unless objection be
made. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. SUMNER. I would remark, on the
proposition of the Senator from Michigan, that
the first part of it is already implied in the
amendment of the Senator from Pennsylvania,
which has been adopted; and the second part,
so far as it is mandatory, I think might be very
inconvenient in the conduct of our foreign rela-
tions. It certainly carries into detail in ad-
vance instructions which I do not think it expe-
dient for Congress to enter upon. I think it
will be enough for us to declare, as we do in
the first and second sections of the bill, the
general principles, and be as abstemious as pos-
sible with regard to those details which may
be necessary in their application. I hope,
therefore, the amendment of the Senator from
Michigan will be rejected.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator from Michigan a question. In the amend-
ment proposed by him he uses the word 11 un-
lawful." In judging whether the arrest and
confinement are unlawful will that be decided
by the laws of this country or by the laws of
the country where the arrest is made? If an
arrest should be unjust and oppressive, and
yet be according to the finding of some grand
jury or other proceeding in court, would it be
unlawful in the sense in which the Senator
uses the word?
Mr. HOWARD. I suppose that the only
practical construction to be given to that word
" unlawful'' would be this: that the arrest
and detention must be contrary to the laws of
nations, contrary to the rights of an American
citizen under the laws of nations. That is the
construction which I give to it, and the idea
which I had in rny mind.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Maine, to strike from the third section that
portion which was added to it in committee on
the motion of the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. HOWARD called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered ; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 21, nays 2-5 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bucltalcw, Oattcll, Conk-
ling, Doolittle, Drake, Ferry. Fessendcn, Freling- j
huysen, Harris, McCrecry, Morrill of Vermont, Pat-
terson of New Hampshire, Pomcroy. Ross, Sherman,
Sumner, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Vickers and Wll-
ley-21.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Cole, Conness, Corbett,
Harlan, Hendricks Howard, Ilowe, Kellogg, Mc-
Donald, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Nye, Patterson
of Tennessee, Ramsey, Sawyer, Sprague. Stewart,
Thayer, Tipton, Wade, Welch,Williams,Wilson and
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott. Bayard. Cameron, Cra-
gin, Davis, Dixon, Edmunds, Fowler, Grimes, Hen-
derson, Morton, Norton, Osborn, Pool, Ilice, llobert-
son, Siiulsbury and White—18.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. "W7LLIAMS. I move now to strike out
the third section and substitute the proposition
that I offered in committee.
Mr. CONNESS. Now let that be read.
The Chief Clerk read the words proposed to
be inserted, as follows:
That whenever it shall be made known to tho
President that any citizen of the United States has
been unjustly deprived of his liberty by or under the
authority of any foreign Government, it shall be the
duty of the President forthwith to demand of that
Government the reasons for such imprisonment, and
if it appears to be wrongful and in violation of the
rights of American citizenship, the President shall
forthwith demand the release of such citizen; and if
the release so demanded is unreasonably delayed or
refused, it shall be the duty of the President to use
such means, not amounting to acts of war, as ho may
think neccssary and proper to obtain or effectuate
such release; and all the lactsand proceedings rela-
tive thereto shall, as soon as practicable, be com-
municated by the President of the United States to
Congress.
Mr. WILLIAMS called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 33, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony,Cameron,Cattell,Conness,
Cragra, Fessenden, Frelingbuyscn, Harlan, Harris,
Hendricks, Kellogg, McCreery, Morgan, Mori ill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont.Osborn, Patterson of New
Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee, Pomeroy, Ram-
sey, Eoss, Sherman, Sprague,Stewart„Thayer,Tipton,
Vickers, Wade, Welch, Willey, Williams, Wilson,
and Y.ates—33. „ „ ,
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Chandler, Colo, Conk-
ling Corbett, Doolittle, Drake, Ferry, Howard, Howe,
Nye. Rice. Sumner, and Van Winkle—14. _
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Davis. Dixon,
Edmunds, Fowler, Grimes, Henderson, McDonald,
Morton, Norton. Pool,Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer,
Trumbull, and Whyte—17.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole as it has
been amended on the motion of tho Senator
from Oregon.
Mr. FESSENDEN". On tliat I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 cannot vote for the prin-
ciple embodied in that amendment.^ I am very
well satisfied with that portion of it which re-
quires the President of the United States in
such cases to make demand on the foreign
Government for an explanation and for the
release of the person restrained of his liberty ;
but I am not willing to place in the hands of
the President of the United States that broad
and almost illimitable discretion which the Sen-
ator from Oregon gives to him by this amend-
ment. The President of the United States is
authorized by the amendment to use any means
not amounting to acts of war—I believe I re-
peat the language correctly—which he ^may see
lit in order Fo effectuate the object. Now, sir,
what are some of the means not amounting to
acts of war? This enables the President of
the United States to put an end to all inter-
course between the people of the United States
and the foreign Government. That is not an
act of war. It authorizes thg President to
make reprisals on the persons arid properly ol
the offeuding Government for the purpose of
righting the wrongs complained of. Strictly
and technically speaking reprisals are not acts
of war; but, as we know very well, both the
stoppage of commercial relations and the exer-
cise of the right of reprisals almost always lead
to actual war.
I do not wish to take up the time of the Sen-
ate on this subject; but the Senate wilt see if
they scan this amendment that it opens discre-
tion widely, entirely too widely, I think, to the
President of the United States. It enables
him substantially and practically to involve
this country in a war with a foreign nation at
his own discretion by ordering the cessation
of commercial intercourse or by ordering re-
prisals, neither of which technically and legally
speaking amounts to an act of war according
to the code of war and according to the laws
of nations. .Now, sir, I will never consent to
give the President this broad and dangerous
discretion. The Constitution of our country
commits to Congress entirely the war-making
power; and the President of the United States
has no more to do with it than has the hum-
blest magistrate in the country, without an act
of Congress. I shall therefore vote against
the bill if this clause is insisted.upon. We are
in the habit of giving too much discretion to
the President. I would be glad to narrow it
down, to keep the Executive of this nation
within th© boundaries fixed by the Constitu-
tion, and as they were understood to be fixed
by the fathers of the Republic. I will not en-
able the President to launch a war upon this
country without consulting Congress. If you
pass this amendment you enable him to in-
volve this country in war without any appeal
or reference to ourselves sitting her-e in the
two Houses. That is the long and the short
of it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not believe that the
President will have any more power under this
amendment to involve the nation in war than
he has at this time. Assuming that the Pres-
ident is a dishonest, unfaithful, unwise Chief
Magistrate, he can involve this nation in war
to- morrow or at any other time. He possesses
ample power to involve the nation iu war. If
you propose any remedy at all, you must invest
the Executive with some discretion, so that he
may apply the remedy to a case as it may arise.
As to England or France he might adopt one
policy to relieve a citizen imprisoned by either
one of those countries; as to the Barbary Pow-
ers, he might adopt another policy; as to the
islands of the ocean, another. With different
countries that have different systems of gov-
ernment he might adopt different means. But,
sir, the Senator from Massachusetts read law
the other day to show that the acts which the
Senator from Michigan has designated would
be acts of war; and this amendment was changed
so as to avoid any objection of that kind which
tho Senator has made against it.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
the trouble about this whole subject is, in my
opinion, that we are trying, to do what is impos-
sible to be done. If a citizen of this country
is maltreated by another nation there is but
one remedy, and that is to compel that nation
to respect the rights of our citizens, and that
means war ; just exactly the same remedy that
England took toward Abyssinia. It is war.
Now, the bill contains in my opinion all that
is necessary. Everybody who is familiar with
the history of the question knows that the diffi-
culty in reference to the rights of American
citizens abroad has been that our own jurists
laid down the doctrine that citizens of other
countiies had not the right of expatriation ;
and whenever any negotiation transpired be-
tween our nation and another nation they right
away quoted to us our own authorities.
I have here before me Story, where the doc-
trine is broadly slated that the right cf expat-
riation does not exist; that a nation has a rig
to control its native-born citizens. _ Now, wnat
do we do by this bill? We negative all^ these
U declarations of our jurists and say that the
f right of expatriation does exist and will be
I insisted upon by this country. Having done
