1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2311
of an act entitled "An act to establish a uni-
form system of bankruptcy throughout the
United States," approved March 2, 1867, was
read a first and second time, recommitted to
the Committee on Revision of Laws of the
United States, and ordered to be printed;
and also ordered to be printed in the Globe.
The SPEAKER stated that a motion to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was recom-
mitted would be regarded as laid upon the
table.
The bill is as follows:
A bill in amendment of an act entitled "An act to
establish aunilorm system of bankruptcy through-
out the United States," approved March 2,1867.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United Staler of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the provisions of the second clause of the
thirty-third section of said act shall not apply to the
cases of proceedings in bankruptcy commenced prior
to the 1st day ot June, A. D. 1869, and the time dur-
ing which the operation of the provisions of said
clause is postponed shall be extended until said 1st
day ot June, A. D.1869; and said clause is hereby
so amended as to read as follows: in all proceedings
in bankruptcy commenced alter the 1st day of June,
im, no discharge shall be granted to a debtor whose
assets shall not bo equal to fifty per cent, of the
claims proved against his estate, upon which he shall
be liable as the principal debtor, unless the assent in
writing of a majority in number and value of his
creditors to whom he shall have bccome liable as
principal debtor, whoshali have proved theirclaims,
be filed in the case at or before the time of the hear-
ing of the application for discharge.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That said act be
further amended, as follows: the phrase "presented
or defended" in the fourteenth section of said act
shall read "prosecuted and defended;" the phrase
"non-resident debtors," in line five, section twenty-
two, of the act as printed in tho Statutes-at-Large,
shall read "non-resident creditors;" that the word
"or" in the next to the last line of the thirty-ninth
scction of the act shall read " and;" that the phrase
"section thirteen" m the forty-second section of said
act shall read "section eleven;" and the phrase "or
spends any part thereof in gaining" in the forty-
fourth section of said act shall read "or shall spend
any part thereof in gaining;" and that the words
"with tho senior register, or," and the phrase "to
be delivered to the register," in the forty-seventh
section of said act, be stricken out.
Sec. 3. And be it further enactcd, That registers in
bankruptcy shall have power to administer oaths in
ail cases and in relation to all matters in which oaths
may be administered by commissioners of the circuit
courts of the United States; and such commissioners
may take proof of debts in bankruptcy in all cases,
subject to the revision of such proofs by the register
and by the court, according to the provisions of said
law.
1ught3 of american citizens abroad.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 768) concerning the rights
of American citizens in foreign States, reported
from the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the
pending question being upon the motion of Mr.
Banks, to recommit the bill.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, the bill now
before the House has been for a long time
under consideration, and I have taken every
possible opportunity to press it for final action
m the House. I do not wish now to consume
the time of the House in its discussion, but I
am willing to follow the general judgment of
the House in regard to its disposition. My
own desire would be to have the previous ques-
tion ordered at this time, and then I shall be
willing to give half of my hour to gentlemen
who desire to discuss the bill, and I shall want
the remainder of the time to explain any objec-
tions that may be made to it, if there be any
objections urged.
Mr. ELIOT. Before the previous question
is called I desire to send to the Clerk's desk
an amendment, upon which I shall ask the
action of the House. It is an amendment of
which I notified my colleague when the bill
was under discussion some time ago. I ask
that it be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
In section third, commencing on the ninth line,
strike out the words. "The President shall be, and
hereby is, empowered to order the arrest and detain
in custody any subj ect or citizen of such foreign Gov-
ernment who may be found within tho jurisdiction
of the United States," and to insert in lieu thereof
the following words, "Such delay and refusal shall
be regarded as an offense to the United States in-
compatible with the continuance of friendly relations
with such foreign Government."
Mr. BANKS. I have no objection to th~at
amendment being submitted to the House. I
believe it was the judgment of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs that it had better be sub-
mitted to a vote. I withdraw the motion to
recommit, and allow the amendment to be
offered.
Mr. ELIOT. Then I offer the amendment.
Mr. JENCKES. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me to offer a substitute in order that
it may be submitted to a vote of the House.
Mr. BANKS. I will hear it read.
The substitute proposed by Mr. Jexckes
was as follows:
That the right of expatriation, and also the right
of naturalization under the conditions imposed by
law be, and they hereby are, declared to be and to
have been a part of the public law recognized by the
United States, and the executive department ot the
Government shall insist upon the recognition of these
rights by tKe Governments of all other nations; and
if such rights shall in any case or in any manner bo
contravened by the Government of any foreign State,
contrary to the intent and purposes of this act, it
shall be the duty of the Executive to give informa-
tion of the same to Congress without delay, in order
that means may be taken with effect for the protec-
tion of any citizens of the United States in any rights
which may have been interfered with or denied by
such foreign Governments.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That any citizen
of the United States may lose his national charac-
ter: First. By becoming naturalized in any foreign
country. Second. By undertaking, without the per-
mission of this Government, the performance of pub-
lic duties under a foreign Government. Third. By
making his domicile in any foreign country without
intent to return. But no residence for tho purpose
of commerce shall be considered as made without
intent to return.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That citizens of
the United States in every part of the world, while
engaged upon lawful business, shall be entitled to
and shall receive such protection as this Government
has the power to afford to their persons and prop-
erty, and the executive department of the Govern-
ment shall sec that such protection is given, and that
the rights of American citizens shall be rccognized
in every foreign State.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That any citizen
of the United States who shall have lost or re-
nounced his citizenship in either of the modes herein-
before set forth, may again bccome entitled to the
same by resuming his permanent residence in any
State or Territory thereof, and by making declara-
tion of his intent to resume his citizenship in tho
clerk's office of any cour^f the United States.
Mr. BANKS. >fclo not yield for any amend-
ment of that Id
Mr. JENQfiES. I hope the gentleman will
give us fu/uier time for discussion, and that
the preaoous question will not be seconded.
M,jk PAINE. I desire to move an amend-
t to that portion of the bill which the gen-
eraan from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] has
moved to strike out, and I ask the gentleman
to yield to me for that purpose.
Mr. BANKS. 1 am willing to have the
amendment voted on by the House.
Mr. PAINE. I move to amend section
three by inserting after the word States"
the words "except embassadors and other
public ministers and their domestics and do-
mestic servants."
Mr. BANKS. I do not object to that amend-
ment, though I do not regard it as at all neces-
sary. The Supreme Court of the United States
has decided that the privileges of foreign min-
isters do not depend upon the action of Con-
gress, which cannot confer and cannot take
away any such right. But inasmuch as it is
explanatory 1 hope the amendment will be
adopted.
Mr. PAINE. My object is to make it per-
fectly clear that we do not intend to authorize
the President to attempt to violate the law of
nations.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Will the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] allow me to
offer an amendment ?
Mr. BANKS. I will hear it.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I desire to move to
amend the bill by adding to it the following:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted Thatwhencverany
citizen of the United States, either native born or
adopted, by a declaration in writing, made and exe-
cuted in a district court of the United States within
the State where he shall have held his last legal
residence, done in open court, to be by said court
entered of record in said court, declare that he relin-
quishes the character of a citizen of the United States,
and shall thereupon depart out of the United States,
such person shall, from and after the time Oi his said
departure, be considered as having exercised his
right of expatriation under this act, and shall there-
after beconsidered as no citizen of tho United States,
and as absolved from all allegiance thereto, and as
having voluntarily relinquished all right and benefit
of protection therefrom.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That any persont
either as a native or adopted citizen of the United
States, making such declaration, and departing out
of tho United States in accordance therewith, and
being thus by this act deprived of all prorection
from and absolved from allegiance to the United
States, shall not thereafter again become a citizen
of the United States in arty other manner than under
and by virtue of the provisions of the naturalization
laws then existing.
Mr. BANKS. I cannot yield for that amend-
ment. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Van
Trump] must see that it defeats the very pur-
pose ot legislating upon this bill. It is in effect
a declaration that without the consent of the
Government no citizen of the United States
can cease to be such citizen. That defeats our
claim upon foreign Governments in behalf of
the naturalized citizens of this country.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. It is my misfortune to
differ with the gentleman on that point.
Mr. BAKER. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts yield to me to offer an amend-
ment?
Mr. BANKS. I will hear it read.
Mr. BAKER. I desire to offer the following
as a substitute for this bill:
That the right of exj>atriation, like the rights of
life, liberty, and the pursuit ot happiness, is a natu-
ral and unalienable light.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That when in tho
bona Jute exorcise ot the rights of expatriation and nat-
uralization citizens or subjects of any foreign State
have heretofore become, or shall hereafter become,
citizens of the United States, such naturalized citizens
are citizens of the United States to all intents and pur-
poses whatsoever, and as such are of right entitled to
receiveiromthis Government, and shall receive, the
same protection of life, liberty, and property, that is
awarded to native-born citizens of the United States
in like situation and circumstances.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the United
States will, at all hazards, extend full and complete
protection to its native born and naturalized citizcns,
and will exercise the same jealouscare and put forth
the same measure of energy in the protection of the
rights of its naturalized as of its native born citizens.
Sec. 4. And be itjurther enactcd, That to the end
that the rights of American citizens in foreign coun-
tries may cease to be questioned, and that the peace
of nations may be preserved, it is hercbydeclared to
be the duty of the Executive of this Government to
insist energetically and without delay upon the
recognition ot the foregoing rights by other Govern-
ments,and particularly to interpose with like prompt-
itude and eneigy, upon the basis of the principles
declared in this act, in the behalf of ail American
citizens whose rights may be infringed by or under
the authority of any foreign State, and to lay before
Congress as early as practicable, and from time to
time, the results of such interposition, together with
the facts involved in the cases which may now exist
or hereafter arise of alleged violation ot the princi-
ples of this act by or under the authority of any for-
eign State.
Mr. BANKS. I cannotyield for that amend*
ment to be offered.
Mr. BAKER. Will the gentleman allow me
to make one suggestion?
Mr. BANKS. Very well.
Mr. BAKER. I would prefer to have this
in the form of a joint resolution.
Mr. BANKS. That is a mere declaration.
It does not reach the purpose which the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs has in view. We
want something more than that. With great
respect for the opinions of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Baker,] I cannot yield to allow
that amendment to be moved.
Mr. BAKER. Then I ask the gentleman
whether he will yield that I may offer an
amendment to strike out that part of the pre-
amble which asserts in substance that the de-
scendants of all immigrants into the United
States since the formation of the Government
are claimed by foreign countries as subjects?
which I understand not to be a fact.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, it is not so
asserted.
Mr. BAKER. Then I ask the gentleman
to yield that I may offer another amendment.
Mr. BANKS. I yield to the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Pile,] who wishes to propose
an amendment, and then I shall ask the judg-
ment of the House upon this question.
Mr. PILE, I propose to amend the third
section by insetting after the words "em-
powered to" the words " suspend in part or
wholly commercial relations with the said Gov-
