1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3335
case aa that of Willis Hockaday, in which
another scandalous ex parte affidavit was tink-
ered up in the office of the contestanthimself;
but when the witness was called upon before
your committee in Kentucky to testify in refer-
ence to the identity of the party, he took back
every word he had said in that statement that
was material to this case, and said that he did
not know Judge Young at all. Why did not
the contestant in this case, when your commit-
tee or the sub-committee was in Kentucky
taking evidence in regard to the loyalty of Mr.
Young, produce this man Nickell before us
and examine him then, so that wecould cross-
examine him if Judge Young did not do it?
He could have produced him then as well as
before.
John Trumbo swears that Young "exerted
bimself to have him paroled when he was cap-
tured by Morgan's forces at Owingsville," when
it was dangerous for hirn to make the journey
for that purpose. That he also tried to pro-
cure the release of James Murray, and that he
always manifested a willingness to assist in
protecting the people of the town against out-
rages by confederate soldiers. (H. Doc., p.
80.) I). B. Lacy swears that Young was of
service to him on one occasion when he was in
danger from the rebels. (H. Doc., p. 81.)
Joseph H. Ilichards testifies that he constantly
interfered for the protection of Union men and
all quiet citizens. (H. Doc., p. 82.) That he
interfered to prevent the robbing of Mr. Broth-
ers's store. Judge N. P. Reid, of the circuit
court, A. J. Lee, James Murray, all of them
Union men, near neighbors of Mr. Young dur-
ing the war, testify substantially that be did
everything in his power for the protection of
Union men; and Colonel Morgan testifies to
his exertions in behalf of Mr. Barnes. Even
Mr. Sharp testifies that Mr. Young warned the
messenger who had been sent to summon him
to appear before the provost marshal of danger
on account of the proximity of rebels, and
advised him how he might avoid it. It is
deemed unnecessary, however, to multiply cita-
tions from the evidence before the House, show-
ing that Mr. Young's course throughout the war
was that of a peaceable, law-abiding, good
citizen, disposed to do everything in his power
for the protection of all classes. I must, there-
fore, be pardoned for not believing that he
could have, in this instance, so far departed
from this course so universally known among
bis neighbors as to have been instrumental in
the capture of a man whom nobody but Nick-
ell ever heard of, and he even fails to name.
Surely, if Young had taken the oath, and were
on trial for having taken it falsely, no gentle-
man would hesitate as a juror to acquit him
of perjury if the charge were sustained alone
by the testimony of Nickell. Then why should
he be deprived of his seat in Congress on that
testimony, when the law declares (hat he shall
forfeit it only on conviction of having falsely
taken the oath, if, indeed, the oath applies to a
member of Congress at all?
With regard to the gun at Prestonburg, the
only evidence is that of Henry H. Ewing,
which is as follows:
"To Mr. McKee:
" I livem Owingsville, Kentucky. I am acquainted
with Mr. Young._ I do not know anything about his
disloyalty. I believe he was a southern sympathizer.
He was at Prestonburg when there were a parcel of
men there collected to be organized into the confeder-
ate sei vice. They were not organised at the time.
I have no knowledge of Sir. Young having been a
candidate for an office in that organization. I do
not know that he had a gun there. He showed mo a
gun standing in the porch of the house where he was
staying, and asked me to take care of it. He said,
'There is a good gun; take care of it.' He never
spoke to me about going into the rebel army.
"To Mr. Ivixkead:
"lima son of Mr. Joshua Ewing. I and my two
brothers were in the confederate army._ Mr. Young
had nothing to do with inducing me to join the con-
federate army. I understood, at me time that Mr.
Young was at Prestonburg, that his object was to get
his brother-in-law to go home.
" To Mr. Scofield : ,
" I took care of the gun for three or lour weeks,
and then, when I was coming home, I gave it to a
cousin of mine in the army, and I think he sold it.
I afterward went back to the army, and staid till
the surrender. The gun was a minie rifle. I do not
I know why Mr. Young brought it there. Ho never
I inquired of me what bccome of it. I never told him.
\ "To Mr. Keek:
"1 do not know whether Mr. Young knew I was
going into the rebel army.
To Mr. McKee:
"Guns were scarce there at the time. There were
no guns there of any consequence."
From this testimony the majority of the com-
mittee seem to have drawn the inference that
Mr. Young had taken the gun to Prestonburg
and given it to Henry Ewing, but to me it bears
a very different interpretation. It does not
show that Young owned or claimed the gun, or
that he carried it there. It is true the author
of the committee's report seems to lay much
stress upon the witness's answer to a question
by Mr. Scofield: "I do not know why Mr.
Young brought it there;" but I submit that
such is not a fair mode of dealing with the tes-
timony. The witness had just testified that lie
did not know that Young had a gun there at
all, and, of course, when his interrogator
assumed that he had brought it there, and asked
why he did so, the witness could only answer
that he did riot know, without desiring to be
understood as saying that he had in fact done
so. But treat this evidence fairly, candidly,
and impartially, and it amounts simply to this
and nothing more : Young had gone to Pres-
tonburg, not to assist in the organization of
rebel troops, but to persuade his brother-in-law
to go home; that so far from assisting or
encouraging the organization of rebel troops
his influence was against it, as is clearly shown
by the evidence of George M. Ewing, already
quoted, who afterward opposed his election for
county judge in 1865 on that account; that
there was a gun sitting in the porch of the
housewhere Yroung was staying. Noone states
who brought it there, or when it was brought
there, and, as no one seemed to claim it, Young
simply remarked to Ewing that there was a
food gun, and suggested to him to take care
of it. Young was not staying at the camp, as
he probably would have done if he had gone
there to participate in the organization of the
rebel force. He never spoke to either Henry
or George Ewing about going into the army,
as he naturally would have done if he had
favored their intentions, being his near neigh-
bors as they were. He never inquired of
Ewing about the gun afterward, as he would
have been certain to have done had he given
it to Ewing with a view of his taking it into the
army, and afterward met him at home and
found he had not joined the army as he had
expected. Ewing does not swear that Young
gave him the gun, or even pretended to have
any claim to it, and the language used by him
does not even imply as much. Had the gun
been Young's, and had he intended to give it
to Ewing, his language would not have been,
'• take care of it," but, "J make you a pres-
ent of it," or, "I will give it to you," or,
"you may have it," or some equivalent ex-
pression ; while, if it was his in fact and he
simply desired him "to take care of it," he
would naturally have inquired about it after-
ward when Ewing returned home without going
into the army. How, therefore, this testimony
can possibly be tortured into evidence that
Young owned the gun, that he carried it to
Prestonburg, or that he gave it to Ewing, and
all for the purpose of aiding the rebellion, is
more than I can see. It is utterly inconsistent
with the personal character of Judge Young,
which was pure and spotless, and is sustained
by no other testimony, and is negatived by the
established prudence, quiet bearing, and hon-
orable official position of Mr. Young.
It is further alleged that Judge Young, when
sent for by William S. Sharp, provost mar-
shal of his county, who by his own testimony
is proven to be one of those hypocritical,
tyrannical, and detestable men, better denom-
inated scoundrels and thieves, that too often
disgraced the Federal service and brought true
loyalty into contempt during the late war, he,
the judge, took the ground that the war was
not a rebellion but a revolution, and that the
South had just cause for a revolution. This
villain, Sharp, had been in the habit of sum-
moning suspected persons, or such citizens as
he did not like, and such as were able to pay
such fees as he might demand of or extort from
them, to appear before him and take the oath
of allegiance to the Government, and requir-
ing them to pay him from five to fifty dollars
for_ administering it, assessed according to
their ability to pay, all which sums he kept
as the perquisites of his office, and retains to
this day. _ All this was in palpable, disgusting,
wicked violation of law, and is confessed by
the guilty scoundrel, and yet by him it is at-
tempted to defame the character of Judge
Young.
His remarks to Mr. Sharp were made under
such circumstances as to absolutely repel any
such hypothesis. Hehad called Judge Young
before him to offer him the oath and receive
his fee, and was examining him with a view
of testing his loyalty by his own statements,
and the remarks attributed to him were made
use of, if at all, during the course of that ex-
amination, within the hallowed precincts of a
provost marshal's office, and in the solepresence
of one whose loyally was remunerated by a
carte-blanche to extort money from his neigh-
bors ad libitum for the high privilege of swear-
ing allegiance to their own Government. They
were not even voluntarily made, but extorted
from him by the provost marshal in the exer-
cise of his high inquisitorial functions. And
will it be pretended, then, that these circum-
stances " fairly show " that in making use of
these remarks Mr. Young "actually designed"
to and that his remarks " in their nature tended
to forward the cause of the rebellion ?" Per-
haps he may have been intending to seduce
Mr. Sharp to descend from the exalted pedes-
tal of power, resign the golden harvest of
perquisites, and throw himself into the arms
of the unpromising cause of the enemy, but it
must be confessed that such a supposition is
not very probable.
Nor is there any more ground for presuming
that the other expressions testified to were
designed or tended to forward the cause of the
rebellion. In the conversation with Mr. Par-
sons, at Mr. Gill's, Mr. Young simply ex-
pressed the opinion that Mr. Lincoln should
be impeached for his call of seventy-five thou-
sand soldiers. In doing this he only stated
the logical results of positions assumed by the
most distinguished statesmen in Congress but
a short time before. He said nothing calcu-
lated or intended to persuade any one to take
up arms against the Government, and there
was no one present who had actually done so,
and who might have been thereby encouraged
to persevere in his rebellion.
Nor can it be maintained that the conversa-
tion with Joshua Ewing, in 1861, detailed by
Mr. Moss, comes within the rule laid down by
the committee. To say nothing of the danger
of predicating any important decision upon
evidence of a casual conversation, six or seven
years after it took place, arising from the
defects of human memory, and the liability to
misunderstand as well as misinterpret what
was said; but admitting that he used the exact
expression attributed to him, and still there is
not a syllable in the proof to justify the con-
clusion that it was either " actually designed
or in its nature tended to forward the cause
of the rebellion." On the contrary, it will
strike the candid mind simply as an idle ex-
pression made to an intense, blatant, super-
serviceable, pretended Union man, in order to
irritate liim, and nothing more. There is no
proof that Young said anything in that entire
conversation either intended or calculated to
induce any one to take up arms against the
United States, or to continue in his hostility
thereto if actually engaged in the rebellion.
The inference is, further, that this remark, if
made at all, was long before the war became
flagrant, or had in fact begun, and while the
scene of difficulty was confined to South Caro-
lina ; else why should he have said he expected
to have a company in that State? But this
testimony has been cited by the committee no
