1288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
late war; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 376)
to facilitate the settlement of paymasters' ac-
counts ; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
J1 ALLS OF THE OHIO.
Mr. MORTON submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to communicate to the Senate the result of the sur-
voy ot tae talis of the Ohio river recently made by
the corps of engineers, under the direction of the
Secretary of War.
, PROPOSED ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that when the
Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope my honorable
friend will withdra.w that motion. I desire to
address the Senate, and I do not wish to take
up time when other matters are pressing, and
I was about to ask the Senate, by courtesy,
to allow me to address them on Saturday in
reply to Senators who have spoken in answer
to me, with the understanding that there be no
business done on that day and no votes taken,
and I can do so without interfering with the
other business of the Senate. I ask my hon-
orable friend to consent to that, as I desire to
address the Senate. I am prepared to do so
now or to go on to-morrow or any other time,
but I thought of asking the Senate to allow me
to proceed on Saturday so as not to interrupt
business. *
Mr. ANTHONY. I should like very much
to oblige my friend from Wisconsin, but 1
would rather submit this motion to the judg-
ment of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust that the Senate
will not adjourn over from Thursday to Mon-
day. We have a great variety of business con-
stantly pressing upon the Senate. I have one
or two bills that I desire to present to the Sen-
ate as soon as I can, but which have been
crowded off by other matters. After we have
been here nearly three months, with the great
number of bills now pending, and which de-
mand th® consideration of the Senate, it seems
to me it would be rather extraordinary to
adjottrn over- from Thursday until Monday.
There are several Senators who desire to make
speeches in regard to bills that are pending
here, and they might as well be made at this
period. I have no objection to adjourning
over Saturday, because that is the birthday of
Washington, the 22d of February, and perhaps
we ought not to sit on that day out of respect
to the memory of the Father of his Country, bnt
I think we ought to meet to-morrow and make
progress in whatever business is pending.
Mr. CAMERON. I think we had better
adjourn over. During this session the Senate
have sat more hours daily than I ever remem-
ber before. I presume every Senator here has
a great deal of correspondence to bring up. I
have myself, and I judge others by myself. A
great number of us have business at the De-
partments that we have not been able to attend
to. We ought to have a day or two for that.
I have found in my experience that we gene-
rally do more business by occasionally adjourn-
ing over, so as to get these unofficial matters
off our hands. They are always embarrassing;
they are always annoying. Now, I am called
out"of the Senate a dozen times a day by peo-
ple who desire me to attend to matters for
them at the Departments. When I get them
off my hands I shall be in much better condi-
tion to attend to my duties here, and I suppose
it is so with'others. I trust, therefore, that
we shall adjourn over.
Mr. DA VIS. I presume that the Senate
recollect that I was in the midst of a speech
some days ago when I gave way for the case
of Mr. Thomas to come up. I am in a state of
catalepsy, to be sure, [laughter;] but I desire
to give notice that at one o'clock to-day I in-
tend to claim the floor, so that Senators may
know, when they act on this motion to adjourn
over, that I am entitled to the floor at one
o'clock.- *
Mr. MORTON. I should like to know the
object of having the Senate adjourn over from
Thursday until Monday, when there is so much
important business to do. What is the object
of it? If the Senate can do its business better
by adjourning than by remaining in session it
would be all right. I do not object to adjourn-
ing over Saturday, but I do object to adjourn-
ing from Thursday until Monday. Sir, it will
be three months to-morrow since'Congress
met, and yet on the subject of finance not a
single step has been taken in this body. We
have had bills introduced, but the question has
not been considered and no formal vote has
been had. I understand that the chairman of
the Committee on Finance is ready to address
the Se'nate upon his funding bill, and I am
certain that the whole country is anxious to
hear him, anxious to have that question opened;
and there are so many important questions
pressing for consideration that I cannot under-
stand why there should be a desire to have the
Senate adjourn from Thursday until Monday.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am entirely indifferent
to the fate of this motion. I made it; and
having made it, I prefer to let the Senate pass
its judgment upon it. I think, considering the
very profitable way in which we have passed
the last three or four weeks, and the exceed-
ingly interesting way in which it is proposed
to take up the next two days, we ought almost
to sit on Sundays. [Laughter.] I thought it
might facilitate the public business somewhat
if we adjourned over; but whatever may be
the judgment of the Senate will be quite satis-
factory to me. As some Senators have ex-
pressed a desire that the motion should prevail,
if I should withdraw it, it would be renewed,
and the question may as well be taken on my
motion.
Mr. STEWART. I think the request of the
Senator from Wisconsin a very reasonable one ;
I think we may as well occupy all the time we
can in attending to the public business. There
is one bill in charge of the Senator from Illi-
nois [Mr. Trcmboll] which we ought to pass
this morning, and that is the bill allowing a
majority of the votes cast in the coming elec-
tions in the unreconstructed States to deter-
mine the result. That bill has been pending
for a long time. The election will soon come
off in Arkansas, and it is important to have it
known what rule is to be established. I pre-
sume there will be no disposition on that bill
to discuss the general question. I presume
•all will concur in the propriety of a bill of that
kind. I really think, with such matters press-
ing upon us, we ought to sit, not only to-mor-
row, but Saturday.
Mr. GRIMES. I agree with the Senator
from Nevada that the request made by the
Senator from Wisconsin is exceedingly reason-
able. I understand it to be this: that to-mor-
row shall be dedicated to the continuation of
the spccch of the Senator from Kentucky, and
that the Senator from Wisconsin shall have an
opportunity to be heard on Saturday, and that
no business shall be transacted on those days
except the speeches of those gentlemen. With
tbat understanding I trust we shall all be sat-
isfied.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is perfectly satis-
factory.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the understanding is
that I may finish my speech this evening.
["Oh, no."] Will it suit the Senate better
to-morrow? ["Yes, to-morrow."] I will
think about it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Rhode Island, that when the Senate adjourns
to-day it be to meet on Monday next.
The motion was not agreed to.
VOTING IN UNRECONSTRUCTED STATES.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That matter being dis-
posed of, I move now to postpone all otheii'
business and take up for consideration House
bill No. 214.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the Chair whether I am
not privileged in calling up the orders of the
day and resuming the argument, if argument
it can be called, which I was making when I
gave way for a special case which has now been
decided?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should not be willing
to make an understanding at this moment.
We all, of course, take pleasure in listening to
the Senator from Kentucky ; but I rather think
he has been off the floor too long now to claim
it as a matter of right at any particular mo-
ment. No doubt he will have an opportunity
that will be agreeable to himself to address the
Senate; but 1 think we had better have no un-
derstanding at this moment.
Mr. YATES. I wish to inquire of my col-
league whether he proposes to continue the con-
sideration of this bill beyond one o'clock?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope it will not take
so long, but I cannot be responsible, of course,
for what may occur in the Senate. The bilHs
pretty well understood, I think, and I hope'it
will lead to no protracted debate, but then
I cannot say in reference to that. I think
we ought, after taking up the bill, to pro-
ceed with its consideration until we get a vote
upon it, and I shall be in favor of continuing
its consideration to the exclusion of all other
business until the Senate shall come to a vote.
If it is to be passed at all, 1 would say to
my colleague it is important that it should be
passed betore the election is held in Arkansas,
which is set for some day about the middle of
March, I think. Therefore I shall not be will-
ing when the bill is taken up to yield to any-
thing else until we dispose of it.
Mr. YATES I appreciate the importance
and necessity of entertaining the proposition
my colleague speaks of. It is important, and
it ought to be acted upon now, but yesterday I
made a motion to proceed to the consideration
of the bill to admit the State of Colorado into
the Union. I shall not antagonize that with
the proposition of my colleague, but I shall
insist upon voting on that faotion at the expira-
tion of the debate on the question he proposes
to take up.
Mr. DAVIS. If I am entitled to the floor
I shall insist upon having it. If I am not
entitled to it under the rules of the Senate, I
yield of course.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator will be entitled to the floor whenever the
bill on which he had the floor shall be taken
up. It has lost its place now, because it is not
the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 beg to remind the Chair of
the fact that the reconstruction bill was the
order of the day; 1 was addressing the Senate
upon that subject; and the Senator from Mary-
land asked me to suspend my argument that
the case of liis colleague might be taken up aud
disposed of, and I made a special agreement
that I would suspend my argument until the
case of Mr. Thomas should be decidcd. I
yielded solely for the purpose of having the
case of Mr. Thomas disposed of. When the
case of Mr. Thomas was disposed of, of course,
according to the rules of the Senate. as I under-
stand them, and according to the' special ar-
rangement made when I yielded the floor, I am
entitled to the floor when the orders of the day
are m order. I therefore insist upon my right
to the floor. °
Mr. JOHNSON.^ The statement made by
the benalor from Kentucky is strictly correct.
I requested him to yield the floor for the pur-
pose of, taldng up and continuing to consider
the case ot my colleague until it was finally
decided, aud I certainly understood that the
Senate agreed that he was to resume his argu-
ment upon the question which was then before
i is®nate tlle moment the case of Mr. Thomas
should be disposed of. I hope, therefore, the
honorable member will be permitted to con-
clude his remarks.
Mr. TRUMBULL. lean only say that I knew
