3336
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
doubt to create the impression that Young
influenced Ewiug's sons to join the rebel army.
That this insinuation is, however, not only
unfair, but in the very face of the proof will
be seen by reference to the testimony of the
Ewings themselves. If any one in the world
knew whether Mr. Young had induced them
to go into the rebel army they of course did.
> Yet Henry Ewing swears that he knows noth-
ing of Young's disloyalty. "Mr. Young had
nothing to do with inducing me to join the
confederate army." (See H. Doc. No. 47,
p. 60.) And George M. Ewing testifies, on the
next page, that he "never heard Mr. Young
encourage any man to go into the southern
army."
With regard to the conversation detailed
by James Hall, I can only express my amaze-
ment that any one should refer to it as a
proof of disloyalty, much less that the re-
mark there attributed to Mr. Young should
be considered as intended "to forward the
cause of the rebellion." The very opposite
is the truth. Instead of trying to induce Mr.
Hall to take up arms against the Government,
or espouse the cause of the rebellion, he tells
him that he has been to Prestonburg; tells him
that there was a body of men there, and warns
him as a Union man to be on his guard, as
they were getting to be pretty well drilled. But
this fact was, perhaps, elicited to create the
impression that Young went to Prestonburg to
assist in the organization of the rebel force
being at that time collected there. And it may
have been alluded to in the majority report for
a similar reason. But what are the facts?
Young never denied being there, but always
declared that his intention in going there, so
far from being to assist or encourage the organ-
ization, was to persuade his brother-in-law
not to go into the rebel army. Henry Bwing,
who was there at the time, says: "I under-
stood at the time Mr. Young was at Preston-
burg that his object was to get his brother-in-
law to go home." George M. Ewing, who
was also there, testifies as follows:
"I liveinOwingsville, Kentucky. I always looked
upon Mr. Young as a southern sympathizer. I know
nothing of his acts, lie never took any part, that 1
know of, in raisin?: troops for the South. I never
heard him encourage any man to wo into the south-
ern army. X heard him declarehimself a.State-rights
man, but never that ho was in favor of the confed-
eracy. I.ioined the rebel army in September, 1861.
I do not know anything of Mr. Young's being an
applicant. for a position m the rebel army. I heard
it reported tiiat he rail for colonel of my regiment at
Prestonburg, but there was no regimental election at
all. In the springof 1S66, when howasrunningagain
for county judge against Mr. Wylie, I was election-
eering against Mr. Young, and lsaid that Wyliehad
gone to Prestonburg and Muck to the army for four
years, but that Young had gone there and hadnearly
broken up the regiment by taking men off instead of
letting them stick to the army, and that, therefore,
I was opposed to him."
If this amounts to "clear and satisfactory "
proof, then it is difficult to perceive what may
not be so, especially when it is considered in
connection with the testimony of Thomas M.
Green, esq., who was a Union candidate in
opposition to both the parties to this contest,
and was anxious to fix upon Mr. Young the
charge of complicity with the rebellion, and
especially in this particular instance. He
says :
" I here state upon oath, and with a full sense of
the importance of telling the truth, that along the
whole route, and more particularly at Prestonbiug
and at Owingsville,where Judge Young lived, 1 made
diligent inquiry to ascertain if Judge Young had
been guilty of any treasonable act. I interrogated
those who intended tovotelorCaptain McK.ee,Tinion
men who intended to vote for me, and rebel soldiers
and rebel sympathizers alike. I was especially care-
ful to question men who had been at Prestonburg at
the time alluded to by Captain McKee. I made
ihese inquiries for the purpose of using any informa-
tion I might gain against Judge Young and for my
own benefit. The result of all my investigations was
that I could learn of no act on the part of Judge
Young whieh was treasonable in its extent or nature,
aud to my own disadvantage I was compelled to
acquit linn, Judge Young, of any such act."
I hold, therefore, that the evidence wholly
fails to show that Judge Young is or was at
any time a disloyal man in any just legal sense.
He was disloyal in the cant phrase and clap-
trap demagoguery of the day. If such slang,
however, is to be made the basis for conviction
of the highest crime known to human laws, and
for the deprivation of important rights, then I
may as well admit that Judge Young has no
standing in this House. But in every just
sense, I hold him loyal and competent to take
the test-oath.
message from till! senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Goriiam,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed, without amendment, joint resolutions
and bills of the House of the following titles:
A joint resolution (II. 11. No. 260) to author-
ize the enlargement of the Hygeia Hotel, at
Fortress Monroe, Virginia ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 202) author-
izing certain distilled spirits to the Surgeon
General for the use of the Army hospitals ;
A bill (H. II. No. 659) granting a pension
to Surah E. Pickell;
A bill (II. It. No. 516) for the relief of the
widow and minor children of Benjamin B.
Naylor, late a pilot on the gunboat Patapsco ;
A bill (II. li. No. 454) granting a pension
to John Kelley;
A bill (II. R. No. 524) granting a pension
to Austin M. Partridge ;
A bill (H. 11. No. 526) increasing the pen-
sion of Susan A. Mitchell;
A bill (U. 11. No. 520) to place the name
of Josephine K. Bugher on the pension-roll;
A bill (H. II. No. 519) granting a pension to
Eliza J. Itennard, widow of William Iv. Ken-
nari, deceased, late a private in tenth Ohio
volunteers of war of 1861 ;
A bill (II. It. No. 517) granting a pension to
Cornelia Iv. Schmidt, widow of Adam Schmidt,
late a private in company A, thirty-seventh
Ohio volunteers ;
A bill (H. R. No. 280) granting a pension
to Margaret Huston;
A bill (II. It. No. 258) for the relief of Mary
B. Craig;
A bill (H. R. No. 257) for the relief of
James L. Dickerson;
A bill (H. II. No. 216) granting a pension
to Milton Anderson ; and
A bill (11. R. No. 152) for tho relief of the
widow and children of Henry E. Morse.
The message furtherannounced that the Sen-
ate had passed bills of the House of the follow-
ing titles, with amendments, in which lie was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House:
A bill (H. R. No. 347) to amend an act to
divide the State of Illinois into two judicial
districts, approved February 15, 1855 ;
A bill (H. R. No. 662) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of George It.
Waters;
A bill (H. R. No. 661) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of William
Craft;
A bill (H. R. No. 525) granting a pension
to Jeremiah T. Hallett;
A bill (II. U. No. 521) to place the name of
Solomon Zachman on the pension-roll;
A bill (H. R. No. 450) granting a pension
to the minor children of Pleasant Stoops ;
A bill (II. R. No. 453) granting a pension
to Nancy Weeks, widow of Francis Weeks, a
soldier of the war of 1812 ;
A bill (II. R. No. 373) to place the name of
Mahala M. Straight on the pension-roll of the
United States;
A bill (H. R. No. 523) granting a pension
to .James S. Todd ;
A bill (H. It. No. 522) granting a pension
to W. W. Cunningham ;
A bill (H. R. No. 518) granting a pension
to George F. Gorham, late a private in com-
pany B, twenty-ninth regiment Massachusetts
volunteer infantry;
A bill (H. R. No. 411) for the relief of
Almira Wyeth;
A bill (H. R. No. 236) granting a pension
to John Q. A. Keck, late a private in the third
Missouri cavalry; and
A bill (II. It. No. 455) granting a pension
to David Van Nordstrand.
The message furtherannounced that the Sen-
ate had passed a bill (S. No. 428) for the relief
of the sureties of Israel T. Oanby, late receiver
of public ihoneys at Crawfordsville, Indiana ;
in which he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the House.
M'KBE VS. YOUNO AGAIN.
Mr. KERR. I will devote no more atten-
tion at this time to the consideration of the
facts touching the loyalty of Judge Young;
but I desire to be heard for a moment m refer-
ence to the history of this case.^ I want to call
the attention of the House to its history. Its
history has had no parallel, at least in my
acquaintance with contested-election cases m
Congress. It has had no parallel certainly
in the history of that kind of cases in this Con-
gress. Its history is extraordinary. It has
pursued the most singular course up to its
present attitude before the House; arid its
course has been so singular as to impress my
mind with the conviction that there is some-
thing more intended to be obtained by the
decision than the doing of justice to these par-
ties upon the law and the evidence in the case.
1 fear the committee has suffered itself to be
placed in an attitude of most doubtful propriety.
Its conduct justifies the apprehension that, a
mere partisan end is to be attained in clear
violation of justice and law.
In the Birch case theCommittee of Elections
decided, and the House sustained that decision,
that each State in the Union has the exclusive
right to regulate and control the suffrage to be
enjoyed by its own citizens, to enlarge or
limit it.
In that ease from the State of Missouri, you
will recollect the laws of Missouri and the newly-
adopted constitution of that State had changed
the right of suffrage in Missouri - by greatly
limiting it, and that, too, under the most ex-
traordinary circumstances. Yet this House
held the State of Missouri, being her own
judge in all matters of this kind, could restrict
or extend the right of suffrage to her own cit-
izens, so as to increase or diminish the body
of her electors at her own pleasure. In the
case of Delano vs. Morgan, the same commit-
tee, in perfect inconsistency with their ruling
in the case of Birch vs. Van Hox-u, and in
numerous other cases held by indirection, not
directly, that, under the pretense of punishing
for desertion, they can regulate suffrage in any
State of this Union by act of Congress, by
mere legislative declaration that certain citi-
zens, as a class, are guilty of crime, and with-
out trial by civil or military tribunal, according
to any system of law and without conviction,
disfranchise such class, in flagrant violation, in
my judgment, of the first principles of the
Constitution, of our social compact, of natural
justice, and of the reserved and most sacred
rights of the States; and upon that pretense it
was that, in my judgment, one of the greatest
wrongs ever committed against the right of
representation iu this country, according to the
will of the people themselves, was committed
by this House. It was upon the basis of that
sort of assumption that in the case of Delano
vs. Morgan the honorable gentleman who now
occupies the seat was elected by this House as
the Representative of the thirteenth district of
Ohio, and George W. Morgan, whom the peo-
ple of that district had themselves elected, was
expelled from his seat and sent home. Thus
was committed by this House and by the Rad-
ical party of this country the first palpable
attempt to establish the doctrine that Congress
has the right to regulate suffrage in the loyal
States, directly or indirectly. It was a most
dangerous and alarming innovation. It now
becomes more dangerous because likely to be
so soon extended.
On the 23d of March last the Committee of
Elections, iu their report on this case, unani-
mously decided that Mr. McKee, the contest-
ant, did not receive a majority of the legal
votes cast in the ninth district of Kentucky,
and that he was therefore not entitled to a seat
in this House. They at the same time held that
Judge Young was disloyal and was therefore-
