1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
not entitled to the scat. At a subsequent time
my colleague on the committee [Mr. Upson]
made a minority report as against the original
majority report in this case. In that original
report the committee say that the proof shows
that not more than 666 rebel soldiers voted in
that district and voted for Judge Young. "But
the committee finding that there is no law of
Kentucky disfranchising rebel soldiers have
not been able to see how those votes can be
rejected." Yet after having given these two
opinions, after having made these two solemn
decisions, the same committee, by a report
subsequently filed, and but a few days ago,
take back all they said in those two cases.
internal tax bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana to give way to rae for a moment to
repoit, in pursuance of the order of the House,
from the Committee of Ways and Means, a bill
(H. It. No. 1284) to change and more effect-
ually to secure the collection of internal taxes
on distilled spirits and tobacco and to amend
the tax on banks, for the purpose of having it
printed.
Mr. KERR having yielded, the bill was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCHENCK. By the order of the House
I have a right to proceed to the exclusion of
all other business with this bill. 1 have ascer-
tained that by giving it to the Printer by five
o'clock this afternoon we can have it printed
and ready on Monday morning. I desire,
therefore, the unanimous consent of the House
not to go on with the bill until it is printed, but
that I may call it up on Monday morning. I
give notice that 1 will call it up on Monday.
Mr. MUNGEN. I ask whether it will be
printed by that time?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir; I have ascer-
tained that it can be.
Mr. MUNGEN. I have no objection.
Mr. ADAMS. Will it be taken up in prefer-
ence to the election case now pending before
the House?
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish to accommodate
the House, because whenever it is taken up it
excludes everything else by order of the House.
I do not want to break in upon this case to-
da}'; I prefer to have the bill printed. I will
therefore give notice that at a particular hour—
say two o'clock on Monday if it is agreeable to
the House—I will call it up.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest if this election
case should go over till Monday, of which there
is some possibility, the tax bill could be taken
up immediately after this case is disposed of.
Mr. SCHENCK. We had better fix some
hour and let the pending case accommodate
itself to that hour.
Mr. JONES. I suggest that it be taken up
immediately after the conclusion of this case.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not know how long
this will run on.
Mr. JONES. Probably not more than till
two or three o'clock on Monday.
Mr. SCHENCK. I prefer to agree on a
certain time; naming the hour.
Mr. JONES. Say three o'clock.
Mr. GARFIELD. There is a motion of
high privilege set down for Monday, to re-
consider the vote by which the disability bill
was rejected. That will come in.
Mr. SCHENCK. It cannot come in, for
by the absolute order of the House, when this
bill is reported back we have a right to go on
with it to the exclusion of even the morning
hour, all reports of committees, and all ques-
tions whatever, except reports from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills.
Mr. GARFIELD. I know that, but I sug-
gest that we fix an hour so as to be able to dis-
pose of the disability bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I propose to fix an hour,
but if gentlemen insist upon going on now
under the stringent order of the House, that
of course prevents our getting the bill printed,
which everybody wants to see. In case we
do not go on with it I want to know precisely
when we can, and I propose two o'clock on
Monday.
Mr. KERR. I have no objection if this
election case be disposed of.
Mr. WARD. Say three o'clock.
Mr. JONES. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman's proposition cannot be enter-
tained during the discussion of the question
pending before the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Bout-
well in the chair.) The Chair rules that the
gentleman who had the floor [Mr. Kerr]
yielded.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will I have the power to
take the floor on this bill under the absolute
order of the House at such tune as I may de-
mand hereafter?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
does not understand that the gentleman can
take any member oft'the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 do not want to take
anybody off the floor.
Mr. JENCICES. I understand it to be the
order of the House that the tax bill sb:^li be
considered, and I object to any particular hour
being assigned. I perfectly concede to the
chairman of the Committeeof Ways and Means
the right to proceed with the bill.
Mr. KERR. I believe I must claim the
floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not want to do any-
thing discourteous toward the gentleman from
Indiana, who has kindly yielded to enable me
togetthe bill printed. Butunderthe absolute
order of the House I can go on with the bill at
anytime. I do not care to go on now. I want
the bill printed for the information of the
House. But I want to know if gentlemen will
not agree that at two o'clock on Monday we
shall go on with the bill ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
understands that the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways aud Means can call up the bill at
any time on Monday.
Mr. SCHENCK. I give notice then that I
will try to get it lip at two o'clock on Monday.
Mr. COOK. I give notice, then, that I shall
call the previous question on the contested-elec-
tion case to-night.
Mr. SCHENCK. Several members ask that
there maybe extra copies of the tax bili printed.
I move that one thousand extra copies of the
bill be printed.
The motion was referred, under the law, to
the Committee on Printing.
PURCHASE OF ALASKA.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the gentleman from
Indiana will allow me to give a notice to the
House.
Mr. KERR. I think I ought not to yield
any longer. What does the gentleman desire ?
Mr. PILE. Only to give a notice.
Mr. BANKS. It is not in regard to this
matter. I only want to give a notice. The
Committee on Foreign Affairs do not wish to
interfere with the consideration of the tax bill;
but as soon as that bill is disposed of they will
ask the House to consider the treaty for the
purchase of Russian America.
Mr. PAINE. Will the gentleman from
Indiana yield to me ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts a question in regard to the
Alaska bill ?
Mr. KERR. I must decline to yield further.
M'KEE VS. YOUNG AGAIN.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the contested-election case of McKee vs.
Young.
Mr. KERR. On the 17th day of June the
Committee of Elections made a.third, and, I
hope, a last report in this case, in which they
declare that Mr. McKee did receive a majority
of the votes legally cast in the ninth district
of Kentucky, and was therefore elected. ^ In
the case of Delano vs. Morgan the committee
held that persons who had been guilty of deser-
tion, under the twenty-first section of the act
of Congress of March 3, 1865, on the subject of
desertions from the military service, were not
legal electors in the State of Ohio. The com-
mittee now extend that unjust rule to the ninth
district of Kentucky; but they do not stop with
the applicatiou of that rule to this case; they
go further and apply another rule, hitherto not
settled by any Congress, hitherto not consid-
ered or attempted by any Committee of Elec-
tions, hitherto not approved anywhere in this '
country by any legislative or judicial tribunal,
and, I trust, not now to be approved or toler-
ated as it is recommended by the committee,
and that rule is this: that it is the duty of this
House, wherever persons are allowed to vote
in any State of this Union,'loyal or disloyal,
who have been soldiers in the late war against
the Union, to strike from the polls the names
of such persons, and not allow them to be
counted at all, notwithstanding the total ab-
sence of any law of Congress disfranchising
them, and of any law of the States in which
they vote disfranchising them, or of any law of
this country, fundamental or statutory, on the
subject of suffrage, that either attempts or pre-
tends to disfranchise them. We are told now,
for the first time, that rebel soldiers were
allowed to vote in the ninth district of Ken-
tucky, and that persons who have been in the
rebellion as soldiers are not legal voters,
although they are expressly made legal elect-
ors by the States of which they are citizens.
Will the honorable gentlemen of the majority
of the committee point out to this House one
single case, one single instance, in which Con-
gress has attempted by law to disfranchise a
citizen of a loyal State because he was in the
rebellion ? There is no such law ; there never
was any such law. And if Congress should
ever attempt to enact that kind of a law, it
would simply be attempting, as it has many
times attempted, to enact laws without author-
ity under the Constitution, in violation of the
Constitution, and in violation of the rights of
the States, and of civil liberty in this country.
The regulation of suffrage belongs to the States
alone, and the only safety for our institutions
is in the faithful observance by this Govern-
ment of the reserved rights of the States on
this great question. When this barrier to con-
gressional supremacy is overcome the estab-
lishment of centralism and despotism will
speedily follow.
Is there any law of Kentucky which says
that those ex-rebel soldiers should not, in 1867,
be allowed to vote? Cex-tainly there is not,
and it is not pretended that there is. There
was once a law enacted in Kentucky, in 1862,
which declared that persons who had gono
into the rebellion, or given aid and comfort to
the enemies of the country, or attempted to
overthrow the Government, or to take Ken-
tucky out of the Union, should henceforth not
be qualified to exercise the rights of suffrage
in that State. But under that law a ease was
made and an appeal was taken to the Court of
Appeals of the State of Kentucky, and that
court by unanimous opinion held that under
the constitution of Kentucky that law was
utterly void because unauthorized thereby ; and
thus the law was judicially repealed.
Subsequently, on the 15th of March, 1805,
the Legislature of Kentucky, by a specific act
of legislation, repealed that law, and declared
that it should be as if it had never been enacted.
And on the l'Jth day of Dcember, 1866, there
was enacted by the Legislature of Kentucky a
law which declared that all persons who at any
time had committed the offense or crime of
treason against the Commonwealth of Ken-
tucky were thereby pardoned and absolved
from all the pains and penalties thereto at-
tached.
Now, it will not be suggested by any lawyer
in this House that it is not in the power of the
State of Kentucky or of any State of this
Union to grant amnesty to her own citizens as
to offenses committed against her own laws.
That is what Kentucky has done in this case,
and what Kentucky had the right, to do. She
has pardoned those of her citizens who had
committed treason against her, and has restored
