THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
257
cormcetion, from personal attachment, or from a
YH\Y 10 popularity. In addition to this it would be
r.n Mjurcc of stability is; a;i Aihiuui'tra-
tio'i." ■ - "It nihr'.idiij-b iui.iu-
p. I'iit'iidci! thnt :i man ^'iio ii.ul bim-elt the solo di.-.-
Vo^iltuu ui f.ibet-b would be governed uiiK-h uiuso by
liift r11ivte lufiiuatiulib aiul iiiuic.-ts than wlifn he
v,-.i- bound to subu.it the propriety uf hi-, choice to
the deei.-ion uml cieterimiiaiioii of j diilo: t-nt nuil
independent bod.y. and that body an euuie branch
oi toe Le^i^iatuie."
Xovv, sirs,
wruie it wil
I aver that at the time Hamilton
1 be found in this matter lie ex-
pressed not only bis own views, but the views
of the people who adopted the Constitution.
_ Mr. Madison atthis tune entertained no other
view, and his opinions had a large influence
upon the people, and contributed, probably,
more than those of any other one public man
in bringing about the adoption of the Consti-
tution. In No. 17 of the Federalist he argues
at length to show that the maxim of Montes-
quieu, which requires a separation of the de-
partments of power to secure liberty, is not
t^ue. and has not been without exception in
any Government other than an absolute mon-
fi'-chy. He then shows that by the British con-
stitution the departments of Government are
not distinctive, but that one branch of the legis-
laiive forms, like our Senate, a great constitu-
tional council to the chief executive ; it is the
soie depository of judicial power in impeach-
ment, and is the supreme appellate jurisdiction
in other cases. And the judges are so far con-
nected with the legislative as to attend and
participate in the deliberations, though not to
vote.
Mr. Madison then shows that, notwithstand-
ing I he unqualified terms in which the axiom
of Montesquieu is laid down by the Constitu-
tion of the States of the Confederation, there
was not a single instance in which the several
derailments of power have been kept abso-
lutely separate and distinct.
In New Hampshire the Senate had the right
of trial by impeachment. The president, who
was the head of the executive department, was
the presiding member of the Senate, and had
a casting vote. The Legislature elected the
executive, and his council were chosen from
the Legislature. Some State officers were ap-
pointed by the Legislature, while the judiciary
were appointed by the executive.
In Massachusetts the judiciary were ap-
pointed by the executive, and were removable
by h■ in on an address of the two branches of
the Legislature. Many officers of the Stale
(some of them executive) were appoiuted by
the Legislature.
He passes over Rhode Tsland and Connec-
ticut, as their constitutions were adopted be-
fore the Revolution and before the principles
under examination had become ail object of
attention.
In New York the powers of government
were curiously blended. The executive had a
partial control over the legislative, and a like
control over the judiciary, and even blended
the executive and judiciary in the exercise of
this control. There was a council of appoint-
ment composed of the executive and p.a'tly of
the legislative, ivhich appointed both executive
and judicial officers.
New Jersey blended the powers of govern-
ment. more than either of the foregoing. The
Governor, who was the executive, was ap-
pointed by the Legislature, and yet he was not
only the-executive, but he was chancellor and
surrogate of the State; lie was a member of
the supreme court of appeals and president,
with a casting vote, of one of the legislative
branches. This same legislative branch acted
again as executive council of the Governor,
and with him constituted the court of appeals.
Tlie judiciary were appointed by the Legisla-
ture.
Pennsylvania, Delaware, Maryland, Virginia,
North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia,
a'i had the same system of blended powers. In
some ot them even justices of the peace were
appointed by the Legislature.
it is scarcely possible to find anywhere in
contemporary history a stronger proof of the
Supplement—-11.
| jealousy with which the people clung to their
! right to control their own political affairs : and
it wnf a great oonccwioii of the Suites of the
Confederacy to the Union undei the Con.-ditu-
tio.u when they un-ientcl to the clause ne-.v
heiug considered, hi every State of'.he Con-
federacy, at the tnne Uiey were cu.lled upon to
adept the Const Hun on, t h" people, t imnigh the
| Lcsjisi,Utile-, not only nu.ule the la'.\>, bui the,-
i appointed the office.'^ ^'ho wen? to execute
them : and lint only 1 his, but prov ided fur their
; removal in the same manner. 'I hey seemed
to have regarded the Chief hlxeeutive as an
officer designated to assist the execution of the
laws, but that it was unsafe to give him power
to appoint those who were to 'cooperate with
him in this duly.
I say it was a great concession, ami a radical
change which conferred upon the President of
the United States even the prerogatives which
are now undisputed.
Sirs, thepeople who .adopted Ihe Constitution
were unaccustomed to looking upon their ex-
ecutives us standing high above them and dis-
tributing the powers which they alone pos-
sessed. They had never been in the habit of
clothing them with imperial powers, or per-
mitting them to suppose for a moment that
they were a distinct and separate entity of gov-
ernment. rI hey had never, in a single instance,
given to a State executive a dintinet existence
separate from his legislative and judicial de-
partments. He always acted conjointly, and
upon the question of appointments to and
removal Ironi office, more than upon any other,
they seemed to have been cautions.
\Vith the light of this history it is monstrous
to suppose that the people parted with their
power, as is claimed by the respondent, in
adopting the article under discussion, that they
gave up without a word of dissent all those
checks upon the Executive with which they
had^ been so familiar and which they had so
uniformly adopted in their State governments.
They did no such thing, Mr. President, and
nowhere can it be shown they intended any
such thing. On the contrary, we have seen
that this clause of the Constitution was urged
upon them for the very reason that it practi-
cally secured to them a system with which they
had been so long familiar. 'The debates at
that time show that the Constitution was adopted
under the impression that this clause gave the
power of appointment and removal jointly to
the Senate and Piesident, and they show, too,
that the clause was framed to meet this view.
I say, then, it is unwarrantable, upon any prin-
ciple of constitutional or statutory construction,
to give the instrument any other moaning.
As well might you annul an ordinary contract
upon declarations given after it is signed. The
most that can be shown is what the parties said
at the time it. was made, and the written com-
pact is conclusive of the meaning expressed.
Ure have seen how the people felt at the time.
We have seen what two great writers upon the
subject said at the time, and thattheir opinions
influenced largely the adoption of the Consti-
tution. _ Upon the question under discussion
at that time there seemed but one mind.
Mr. President, I think I do not state it too
strongly in saying that prior to the meeting of
the First Congress, and at the time the Consti-
tution was adopted, none of the friends of the
Constitution claimed the power for the Presi-
dent which is now urged. Some of its enemies
made the charge, but it was denied by its
friends. No man in this country has studied
more carefully the history on the subject than
Mr. Story. He says in his Commentaries on
the Constitution, (pages 15, 39, 40, 41,) that
the doctrine (speaking of the same construc-
tion urged by the Managers) was maintained,
with great earnestness, by the earliest writers,
and says that at this period the friends of the
Constitution had no other view. He cites 5
Marshall's Life of Washington, chapter3, page
198, and 1 Lloyd's Debates, 351, 3G6, 450.
Of the effect of these opinions upon the pub-
lic mind at that time this writer says :
"This was the doctrine maintained with great
I e.-rne-tiieis by tie Federalists, and it had a most
m.uen.il teridcm v to uuiet the j.iM. alarms ot' rha
. e"i v\ iieim ml' i iSlie-iice and arberary exeiei-o of
'hir- toer..^ o lee of rii.1 K\eenMv e, vlueh in piove
tata! to tt.e pe ^ oai uidepeadeLieo and ^eedoin of
| op.men of public vne, r,, well ,n to fie- public
i I_.! 'itics of ' ho cinriW."—y/or'/'i f'uwtiieutarK v, .vie.
• lOw'J; S.tai >/ vn ConbitiiiU'jn, vui. J, p. -100.
j _i nave :u-eu lo show that at the
, adoption vi the Cwa.suuuioi: tlie appointing
( po^erwas ivg.-u<Je<I and imide a joint power
; U twee a the iScuate and tlie Picwident, as vvas
\ ulto the power ot removal. I think tlu.i posi-
j lion well established.
I i have thus luliy discussed the appointing
\\ power directly with the Senate because the
'\ same reasons that required that power to be
■j joint apply with equal force to the power ot"
'j leuiovah
jj Let us come down, however, to a period
,! subsequent to the adoption of the Constitution.
Congress met March 4, lTtfi), and continued
until September ^1), of the same year. On
the 21 th of J u \y they passed the act ot ^anizing
the Department of Foreign Affairs, and on the
Gui of August following, was passed the act
organizing I lie Department of War. i'hesetwo
acts aie identical in language in every paitic-
uiar, except tin* assignment of duties to the
different piineipal ofheers uf tlie Department.
As much of the argument hinges on the hiw
organizing the Department of War at this
time, it is important to know just what was
said and done at tlie time. There are some
peculiarities of tlie law to which i invite atten-
tion.
Section one provides that—
"There shall ho nn executive Department to bo
denominated the Department of War, and Unit there
shall be a piineipal ofiiecr theiein, to be e,tiled tuo
Secietury for the Depart mentor War, wnofdiall per-
form and execute suoli dutie.s as shall from time to
time be enjoined upon him by the President ot rhe
bulled Slate*. .1 eeabl> to the Cou.stuui ion, i eiati vo
to uniitaiy commissions, or to tlie land or naval
forces, ships or v\ar<ike s'oros of the United States,
or u> such othci niatteis respecting militm y or naval
alfaiisas? the President of the United States shad
assign to said Department, or i elat ive to the grant-
in« ot lands lo peisous entitled thereto for military
seivices leudeiod to the United ijiates, or relating
to Indian affairs; and fuvuiermoie. that the said
principal officer shall eonductttieousinessof thesaid
DepartmemMisucii manner as the President of the
Un tied StatPs.shidl from time to time order ordnect."
"Sue. 2. That there shall be in thesaid Department
an inteiior officer, to be appointed by the said prin-
cipal olficer, jo he employed tuercin ashe shall deem
proper, and to be called itie chief clerk in tnoDe-
partment ot War. and who, whenever the said prin-
cipal olhcershall be removed lroin ollico by the Pres-
ident ol the United States, or in any other ease of
vacancy, shall, during such vacancy, have charge
and custody of alt records, books, aud papers apper-
taining to the said Department.
"Sicc.3. Thesaid principal offiocr, and every other
person to be appointed oreinployed in tbosaidDeparc-
ment, shall, beiore he enters on the execution ot his
oiiice or employment, take an oath or affirmation
weil and faithtuily to execute the trust committed
to him.
" buc.4. The Secretary for the Department of War,
to be appointed in consequence of this act, shall
lorthwith, after hio appointment, buemitted to have
the custody and chaige of all records, books, and
papers m the otlice of Secretary ior the Department
of War, heretoiore established by the United Slates
in Congress assembled.*'
It is noticeablc that the law nowhere pro-
vides how or by whom the principal ollicer is
to be appointed. The language of the law is,
in the lirst section, " there shall be a principal
officer;" in the third section, "that the s&ul
principal officer and every other person to be
appointed or employed in said Department,"
&c., shall take an oath, &c.; in section four,
"that the Secretary for the Department of
War, to be appointed in consequence of this
act, shall forthwith, after his appointment, b'e
entitled to have custody and charge i>f all
records," &c. It has been uniformly held
that where no provision is made in the law
for the appointment of the officer, the appoint-
ment must be made by and with "the advice
and consent of the Senate. (6 Attorney Gen-
erals' Opinions, p. 1.) This results necessarily
from the language of the Constitution. No
provision was made in the law.s organizing
either of the Executive Departments as to ho\v
the principal officers were to be appointed;'
they were, therefore, all gppoiuled by aud with
the advice and consent of the S^fcate; Is it
