i86a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1291
in billots to count as much as those who are opposed
to il aud who stay away."'
I read but. a single sentence. The discussion
on this subject was protracted in the Senate.
When the vote was taken on the motion of the
Senator trom Indiana, requiring only a majority
of the votes cast to adopt a constitution, it was
by yeas and nays. Those who voted in favor
of requiring only a majority of the votes cast—
the very proposition that is now before the
Senate—were:
/'Messrs.Cameron, Cattell, Conness, Corbett, Cra-
gin, Drake, Ferry, Hendricks, Howe, Johnson, Mor-
ton, Patterson of Tennessee, Pomeroy, Ross. Sher-
man, Stewart, Tipton, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
Wiiley, Williams, and Wilson—22."
Those who voted in the negative "were:
"Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Chandlen Cole,
Conkling, Edmunds, Fowler, Prelinghuysen, Harlan,
Henderson, Howard, Morgan, Morrillof Maine, Mur-
rill of Vermont, Nye, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Ramsey, Sumner, Thayer, Wade, and Yates—21."
So that we adopted the majority principle in
this body on a vote, after discussion, by barely
one majority. The moment that was adopted
the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds]
made his motion to amend by adding these
words:
"At least three fifths of all the registered voters
voting upon the question of such ratification."
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman]
made some remarks in favor of this proposi-
tion, to which I replied as follows:
"Allow me to ask the Senator from Ohio if it is
possible that it is a right proposition that two fifths
by staying away from the polls, can defeat a consti-
tution which they could not defeat by voting, every
one of them against it? You will teach men to stay
away; that is the whole effect of the proposition.
It is an encouragement lor them not to come to the
election."
After some further debate the vote was taken
upon that proposition of the Senator from
Vermont, and it was lost by the close .vote of
19 in its favor to 21 against it. Nineteen
members of the Senate voted in favor of re-
quiring three fifths to take part in the election.
Their names were:
" Messrs. Anthony, Buelcalew, Cameron, Chandler,
Cole. Conkling. Corbett, Edmunds, Henderson, How-
ard, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Nye, PatLerson of New Hampshire, Sherman, Sum-
ner, Thayer, and Wade—19."
Those who voted in the negative were :
" Messrs. Cattell, Conness, Cragin, Drake, Ferry,
Frelinghuysen, Harlan, Hendricks, Howe, Johnson,
Morton, Patterson of Tennessee, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Ross, Stewart, Tipton, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wii-
ley, and Wilson—21."
So that that motion failed. Then it was
that the Senator from Vermont moved the
other proposition, which was afterward incor-
porated into the act and is now the law, to add
to the provision which we had carried by
one majority, allowing the constitution to be
adopted by a majority vote, a requirement
that at least one half of all the registered
voters should vote on the question. That was
carried in this body by the decisive vote of 24
to 14, and that is as the law now stands. Those
who voted for it were:
"Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cameron, Chandler,
Cole, Drake, Edmunds, Harlan, Henderson, How-
ard, Howe, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont, Nye, Patterson of New Hampshire, Pat-
terson of Tennessee, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner,
Thayer, Wade, Williams, and Yates—24."
I think there are in that list some of the gen-
tlemen whom this writer in this paper calls
" Radicals." I recognize no such division
myself in the Senate as Radicals and not Rad-
icals. We are all here acting together as one
body of men for the Union and to reconstruct
these States and bring them into relations with
the Union, and I recognize no such distinction
among our friends. But if there were such a
distinction you will find as many of those who,
in this newspaper parlance, are called ■' Radi-
cals'' voting for that proposition as you do
voting against it.
Mr. CONNESS. Read the negative vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The negative vote was :
"Messrs. Conkling, Conness, Cragin, Ferry, Fre-
linghuysen, Moitou, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Ross, lip-
ton, Trumbull, Van Winkle. Wiltey, and Wil-
son—14."
Now, sir, I am charged with being opposed
to this majority principle. I was denounced
at that time because I was in favor of the ma-
jority principle. I was denounced by the Sen-
ator from Michigan [Mr. Howaed] as violently
as the newspapers now denounce me. Let me
read a sentence or two from what was said by
the Senator from Michigan at that time:
" I am opposed to the establishment of State gov-
ernments in the rebel States, unless it is perfectly
clear that the assent of a majority of the.voting pop-
ulation has been given upon the great question of
organizing State governments and returning to the
Union."
Then, sir, in replying to something which I
had said in favor of this majority principle, he
used this language, and we all know the Sena-
tor from Michigan does not deal in mild terms
when he speaks of an opponentupon a question:
"Now, sir, the Senator from Illinois tells us for the
tenth time at least, that he looks upon all such prop-
ositions as this as obstacles to reconstruction, as if
we were under somo great and obvious obligation to
Ijass some act for the reconstruction of the rebel
States and their immediate admission into the Union."
* * * * "Now we are told by theSen-
ator from Illinois and thoso who adhere to the prin-
ciples of his bill, that a mere minority of the people
themselves, constituting a majority of thoso actually
voting upon this most important question, will an-
swer the requirements of the bill, and that this will
be entirely republican.
" Sir, I am opposed to this minority principle en-
tirely."
That was the language used toward me for
defending the majority principle, while I am
now, it seems, denounced in the newspapers be-
cause I am opposed to the majority principle.
But, Mr. President, 1 do not wish to take up
the time of the Senate with these personal mat-
ters : I simply desired to put the Senate right
with regard to this measure, and to show that
the Senate originally put in a proposition to
submit the adoption of the consitution to a
majority of the votes cast on the question of
its ratification; and when afterward, on the
motion of the Senator from Vermont, that was
changed so as to require a majority of all the
registered voters to vote on the question, we
adhered to that aud refused to agree with the
House m their proposition, which required a
majority of all the registered voters to vote in
favor of the ratification of the constitution;
and I have read the yeas and nays to show
that, so far as I was concerned, I contended
from the beginning for the majority pinciple.
I believed then, and believe now, that the right
principle upon which to settle an election is to
let it be settled by those who take part iti it;
and that it was wrong to give to the rebels and
those who were unwilling to reconstruct the
State governments the advantage of all who
should die between the time of registry and the
time of voting, of all who should be sick and
unable to come to the polls, of all who should
move away from the district where they were
registered and be in other parts of the State
where they were not entitled to vote, and of
all who from any cause were unable to partici-
pate in the election. I am reminded by my
friend from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] who
was with me upon the committee of conference,
that wc tried to adopt that principle in the
committee of conference and were unable to
do it.
The amendment reported by the Committee
on the Judiciary strikes out the House bill. It
is not necessary, perhaps, to refer to the par-
ticular provisions of the House bill, unless some
Senator would like an explanation of the rea-
sons why we reported the amendment. I will,
however, state that the bill as passed by the
other House, in referring to the law already in
existence, alleges that that law requires that a
majority of all the registered votes of the dis-
trict shall be cast in favor of the ratification of
the constitution before it becomes valid. That
is not the law ; it does not require a majority
of all the registered votes to be cast in favor
of the constitution, but only that a majority of
the registered voters should participate in the
election on the question ; and, therefore, it was
necessary to change that language. The sec-
ond provision of the House bill was providing
for an election of members of Congress accord-
ing to the districts as they existed in 1858-51).
I apprehend that would hardly be just and
proper, as we took a census after that time, and
a new apportionment took place after the cen-
sus of 18G0.
The amendment reported by the Committee
on the Judiciary contains simply two proposi-
tions^ The first is to change the law so as to
permit the constitutions submitted by the con-
ventions in the rebel States to be ratified by a
majority of those voting on the question of their
ratification, which, in my judgment, is a right
principle. It has been fully discussed in the
Senate, however, and I do not propose to dis-
cuss it agam to-day. The second proposition
contained in the amendment is that at the elec-
tion in which the question of the adoption or
rejection of any constitution is submitted, any
person duly registered may vote in any part of
the State in which he shall have been regis-
tered where he may reside at the time of the
election, upon the presentation of his certifi-
cate of registration, under such regulations as
the district commanders may prescribe. The
object of this is to allow persons to vote upon
the question of the adoption of a fundamental
law for the State in any portion of the State
where they may happen to be. The necessity
for that arises out of the peculiar character of
the southern people to whom these constitu-
tions are submitted. It is known to every one
that there is a great change of the population
in those States from one locality to another.
The laboring men go from one county, where
they are registered, to another county to seek
labor and employment, and are deprived of
their right to vote on a fundamental law that is
to govern the whole State because at the time
of voting they cannot get to the polls in the
district where they were registered.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to make a statement
to the Senator on that very point, and to ask
him whether he thinks the amendment will
meet the case? I am told that there are only
two of.these States where certificates of regis-
tration have been given to the persons regis-
tered—-Virginia and Louisiana—and that in the
other States certificates were not given. This
provision, therefore, will not cover the case in
the other States, and I ask the Senator if it is
not necessary to make some modification of it
so as to cover them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The suggestion of the
Senator from Massachusetts is quite correct.
The attention of the members of the committee
was called to that matter after the amendment
was reported; and my friend from Nevada,
[Mr. Stewart,] I think, has an amendment
prepared which ho will suggest at the proper
time, to change this provision so as to dispense
with the production of a certificate, the com-
mittee having been informed that certificates
were not furnished, as is now stated by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, in some of the States.
Wo acted on the assumption that a certificate
had been given when the registration took
place. That not being so, it is necessary to
change our amendment so as to authorize the
person to vote on furnishing evidence of his
having been duly registered.
I am not disposed, Mr. President, to occupy
time in regard to the measure; it is one under-
stood in a moment, and which the Senate dis-
cussed at very great length last March, and
upon which we had various votes by yeas and
nays, as I have already shown to the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
Mr. BUCKALEW. The Senator yields to
me for the purpose of making a motion to
amend. I move to amend the amendment of
the committee by striking_ out all after the word
'•vote" in the twenty-sixth line, and insert-
ing, as a substitute for that part of the amend-
ment :
• In the election district where he offers to vota
when he has resided therein for ten days next pre-
coding such election.
So as to read:
And at the election in which the question of the
adoption or rejection of any constitution is submit-
ted, any person duly registered may vote in the elec-
tion district where lie offers to vote when he has
resided therein for ten days next proccding such
election,
