2316
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
contrary, sir, it was peace. It was civilization.
•*ifc was defending the honor of the United States,
arm securing to^ur citizens their rights.
My colI^KpP^as undertaken to pin us
down to the theory that this is a mere matter ,
of criminal law. We discard this idea, exer-
cising our sovereign power, which, though it
may lead to war, puts the responsibility of
war on'others, not on us, and which in itself
is intended only as the vindication of the honor
of the country and the rights of its citizens.
There is another view of this subject to
which I wish to allude.
Mr. BENTON. I wish to ask the gentle-
man a question.
Mr. BANKS. If I am to be interrupted so
much I must ask that my time shall be ex-
tended.
The SP RAKE It, How much ?
Mr. BANKS. Say ten minutes
Mr. INGEllSOLL. I move that it be ex-
tended fifteen minutes.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. BENTON. I would ask whether the
bill provides for a legal investigation into the
case of each individual who is arrested ?
Mr. BANKS. The bill has nothing to do
with investigation of anybody's offenses or case.
The law asserted is that of reprisals, and per-
sons who are arrested will bo held as hostages.
Mr. BENTON. Suppose an innocent per-
son is arrested who is guilty of no crime ?
Mr. BANKS. It has nothing to do with the
crimes of any person whatever. We oppose
the claim of foreign Governments to hold natu-
ralised citizens of the United States as their
own. So long as they refuse to consider our
claim we have the right to exercise the same
power on their citizens. In this way similar ques-
tions with foreign Governments were settled.
Let me state, because it is of interest, that
this question of citizenship and inalienable alle-
giance was thought at that time to have been
settled. We had a war upon it, aud England
wasthoughttohaveabaudonedherclaim. There
was not sufficient emigration then to excite
inquiry. It was at that time believed to have
been settled; but now we find the same doc-
trine is again asserted. If this question had
arisen in Jackson's administration as it is now,
he would never have allowed it to remain
unsettled for a single hour, and his remedy
would have been that provided in this bill.
The gentleman from Oluo [Mr. Spaxdixg]
asked me a question in regard to the Prussian
treaty. That is au important subject. Sir,
the Prussian treaty has transferred legislation
upon the rights of American citizens from the
United States and its Government to the Gov-
ernment of a foreign country. Prussia has
granted in the treaty such rights as she chooses
to acknowledge. The Government of the
United States had no defined policy in regard
to this matter which limited the minister of the
United States in his negotiations with that
Government. The result of it is that we have
the Prussian treaty, which is a treaty which
allows all the laws of Prussia to be in operation
against any naturalized citizen of this country
who returns to that country if an action of any
kind can be made to lie against him. That is
what it is.
Now, sir, the first bill reported by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs upon this subject
would have prevented the negotiation of a
treaty upon this basis. It would have defeated
its ratification if it had been negotiated. It
would have placed the question upon an Ameri-
can basis. The bill to which I refer conceded
to other Governments the rights which they
claim ; but it secured the recognition of the
rights which we claim. Any American minis-
ter who undertook to negotiate a treaty would
have negotiated it in the light of the bill had it
become a law. We would have had instead
of the Prussian treaty an American treaty, and
that American treaty would have been followed
in the negotiations with other Governments in
Europe just as now the Prussian treaty will be
made the model for future negotiations. The
Prnssiau treaty is now a treaty for the whole of
Europe. Wecaunotacceptlessordemand more
of other Governments than is secured by the
recent negotiations. And I venture the pre-
diction, however much I may be gratified with
the liberality of the Prussian Government, that
that treaty embodies within itself provisions
which will require farther negotiation and
further action on the part of this Government.
Sir, I want a statute in this country that shall be
the basis for treaty stipulations, and that should
be the object of our legislation. I't should
openly accord to other Governments what is
necessary for the maintenance of their rights,
and it should secure what is necessary for the
maintenance of our own. It was such a project
that we first reported to the House. It con-
ceded nothing that was not right and it de-
manded nothing that was wrong, and it con-
tained, as does the bill now before us, the means
of enforcing itself.
My colleague [Mr. Eliot] has called my atten-
tion to the excellent provisions of the preamble
of the preseutbill. Sir, they are nothing. They
are mere declarations questioned by nobody
here, and without the slightest effect under any
other Government. They are well enough ;
but, sir, they only recognize the principles of
natural law. These principles are neither
stronger nor weaker for beingembraeed in the
preamble. We introduced it because gentle-
men of the House thought it necessary fohave
some recognition of those principles. But it
docs not effect the change we desire in the
policy of other Governments. You might as
well describe the space which shall constitute
a bushel or the length which shall make a yard,
as to declare this principle. It is of no effect
unless the Governments of other States choose
to recognize it, and make it their own legisla-
tion, which they are not inclined to do.
So, sir, with the first section of the bill. It
merely states that any opinion given by any
agent or officer of this Government that the
right of expatriation depends upon the consent
of the Government is not American law, and
is in contravention with the principles of the
American Government. That is all.
Mr. JENCKES. Will the gentleman allow
mo to ask him a question at this point?
Mr. BANKS. Certainly.
Mr. .1ENCKKS. Will the gentleman inform
the House what delaration is made in any part
of this bill as to what is the American law upon
the subject of expatriation ?
Mr. 15ANKS. It is a subject which, in eur
opinion, ouglit.nottobelegislatedupon. Now,
I want my friend from Ilhode Island [Mr.
Jkxckes] to say to me whether he is willing
that the right oi' speech, the right of petition,
the right to assemble in public meeting, the
right to boar arms, shall be made dependent
upon the statutes of the Government'.' I want
him to say to me whether my right, or his
right, to hear, to see, to smell, to feel, or to
walk is to be made dependent upon an act of
the American Congress ? No, sir; tins comes
within the scope and character of natural lights
which no Government has the right to control
aud which no Government can confer. And
wherever this subject is alluded to in the Con-
stitution—a Constitution framed by wise men
—it is in the declaration that Congress shall
have no power whatever to legislate upon these
matters.
Mr. JENCKES. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him one further question?
Mr. BANKS. What is it?
Mr. JENCKES. If there be no legislation
upon the subject is not the common law re-
specting allegiance in force?
Mr. BANKS. No, sir; never.
Mr. JENCKES. What has abrogated it?
Mr. BANKS. The Constitution of the
United States; the Declaration of American
Independence ; the war of the Revolution ; our
war with Great Britain in 1812; our triumphs
upon the sea and upon the land ; all these have
abrogated the English common law, except it
be in the minds of such gentlemen as the gen-
tleman from Rhode Island, [ilr. Jexckes.]
We have no treaty with Great Britain which
forfeits the rights we claim, and we shall never
make a treaty which shall forfeit the right of
expatriation on thepart of American citizens,
or recognize the forfeiture on the part of
British subjects, for it is a natural right.
My colleague [Mr. Euot] referred to the
excellent provisions of the second section of
this bill, as follows;
That all naturalized citizens of the United States
while in foreign States shaft bo entitled to and shaft
receive from this Government tlio same protection
of persons and property that is aeeoided to native-
born citizens in like situation and circumstances.
That is most excellent reading, but it is
prohibited in France and in England. They do
not recognize that doctrine there; they do not
sing that song. And we may sing it as long
as we please, and they will exercise their
power in a different way, and set it to different
music. Now, what we want is that the Euro-
pean Governments shall be induced to con-
sent to the principles of the American Gov-
ernment.
Mr. ELTOT. If it is a declaration which
is worth nothing then why assert it?
Mr. BANKS. Because it is the principle
upon which we plant the third section of this
bill ; it is a right which we will enforce against
all nations of the earth, and at all hazards.
But its assertion is unimportant unless it be
with intent to secure its recognition.
The second section states a principle which
has rarely or never been denied in this coun-
try, but which has never been admitted by any
foreign Government, and we establish upon
that principle another equally important in its
character, equally well founded, which has
given the best results to our Government, and
from the exercise of which we now enjoy the
blessings of peace with all foreign nations.
We plant upon this section this practical power
of compelling the Governments of Europe to
yield at least a consideration to the questions
which we present. It is for that reason we pre-
sent it.
I like this bill; it is all excellent music. But
if you leave out the only clause which refers
to action, and which compels people who do
not like this music to listen to it, and bring us
and them to a tolerable harmony upon this
question, it will avail us nothing. Of course I
liave no right t.i judge of the intent and pur-
pose of my colleague; but I will say to him
that his constituent who maybe arrested under
the asserted power of other Governments will
lu'vo reason to complain of his forbearance
and delicacy.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I return to the single
point which I had in my mind when I com-
menced speaking. This is no question of crim-
inal law, and hence it is no subject for crimi-
nal lawyers. It lias nothing to do with the
clauses of the Constitution relating to the arrest
of persons for crime. We propose in this bill
to assert the sovereignty of the Government of
the United States. The bill embodies a prin-
ciple of action which international law has
conferred upon all Governments, the riaht of
seeking means to enforce the recognition of tlie
rights of its citizens.
Air. Speaker, I trust the House will allow
mo to say a word further as to the nature of
this principle of reprisals. I have shown how
the assertion of this principle operated during
General Jackson's administration, settling our
affairs all around the circle, and leaving us at
the close of that great administration i?i per-
fect peace with all the world. I have shown,
I think, how General Jackson would treat this
question if his administration existed now
lie would apply now the same power thai lip
applied then, and -with the same result.
Sir, I would like to call the attention of the
House to the fact that such has been the r,rin-
cipic of action recognized and exercised by
this Government both abroad and at l>orJ
rom its very foundation. No matter bow
trivial the occasion, wherever there has been
