1292.
TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20s,
_ I only took the floor for the purpose of offer-
ing the amendment. I will not interrupt the
senator from Kentucky.
_ Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I move the
instructions offered by the Senator from Wis-
consin to the previous bill as instructions to
the committee in relation to this bill, with my
amendment to his instructions. I move that
the bill be recommitted, with the instructions
proposed by the Senator from Wisconsin, as
amended by my amendment to those instruc-
tions.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky moves that the bills be
recommitted to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, with the instructions mentioned by him.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, my objections
to the first bill and my motion to instruct the
committee m relation to that bill are entirely
j ProP®rly applicable to the present bill;
and therefore I shall proceed with my remarks
on this occasion.
Mr. DAVIS proceeded to conclude the
speech commenced by him on the 11th instant.
It will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I wish
to make a few remarks upon this bill; but I
should like, before doing so, to understand, if
I may, whether it is the purpose of the Senate
to proceed with its consideration to-night to
any length or to let it pass over. I inquire
of the honorable Senator who has it in charge,
if I may be allowed to do so, what the purpose
is, so that we may see whether we can come
to any understanding about it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have endeavored to
consult with some of our friends as to the best
mode of proceeding in regard to the bill, and
there seems to be a disposition to take action
upon it. The discussion which has been had
has been upon another subject entirely, and
has not been with regard to this bill. If such
speeches are to be made, it seems to be the
impression of such of our friends as I have
been able to converse with that we shall have
to sit it out sometime and hear these speeches,
if gentlemen insist upon making speeches
upon another question while this bill is pend-
ing, and we may ae well do it to-night as
ever. I think the feeling of the members of
the Senate is that we had better hold on to the
bill, and if gentlemen insist upon making these
general speeches on this bill to continue its
consideration now. That is the impression,
so far -as I can obtain it. If, however, the
Senate think differently, I shall acquiesce in
any course that may be adopted.
Mr. SUMNER. I would ask why the elabo-
rate speeches cannot be made on some other
bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should hope they
could be.
Mr. SUMNER. And then let us proceed to
vote on this bill at once.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should be very glad
if we could do that; and I suggested that to
some of the gentlemen who designed making
speeches, but they seemed disposed to speak
on this bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. They can speak on the
other bill just as well.
Mr. CONKLING. I infer that the Senator
from Massachusetts, atallevents, will stay here,
if we conclude to remain to deal with the bill
to-night.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. CON KLING. He seems to be the only
volunteer, however, that has made himself
manifest publicly to do that.
Mr. POMEIiOY. If the Senator from New
York desires to address the Senate I will cer-
tainly stay to hear him.
Mr. CONKLING. No, sir. I wish to be
heard for a very few minutes, not about other
matters, but about this very measure.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Will the Senator from
New York allow me to make a suggestion?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. BUCKALEW. When this subject was
taken up this morning' I suggested that we
might have an explanation of the bill from the
chairman of the committee, and then post-
pone it until to-morrow, and take it up'to-
morrow, act upon it, and decide it. I do not
suppose there is any general disposition to talk
on this bill at length or to prevent its being
fairly considered. 1 wish to refer back to the
record in the Congressional Globe of what was
done last winter and spring, not to speak at
length on this bill, but to explain my position.
I suppose the remaining speeches on recon-
struction will be made upon the particular
proposition on which that debate began, and
that we can conclude action to-morrow upon
this bill, so far as the gentlemen against it are
involved. I hope, therefore, the Senator from
New York will not be forced to make his ex-
planatory remarks to-night, but that he will
be heard to-morrow, and it will not be under-
stood that we are going into the general debate
upon reconstruction on this measure.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I found it impossible to
hear, where I sit, what the Senator from
Pennsylvania said, but I am told that he made
a'suggestion that we take the vo.te on this bill
to-morrow. _ If that can be understood I shall
have no objection, but if speeches upon the
general subject are to be made on this bill of
course we must sit it out at some time and
hear those speeches, and we may as well do
itnow.
Mr. BUCKALEW. What I stated, so far
as my own views were concerned, corresponds
with the idea of the Senator from Illinois. I
suggested that this bill should be taken up and
explained by the chairman of the committee,
and that then we should proceed to-morrow to
consider it and act upon it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And let the speeches
be made on the other bill, which shall be taken
up afterward.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Yes,- sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think that is right';
but it was quite excusable in the Senator from
Kentucky to speak to-day because he has
waited a good while, and he had a sight to
push in his remarks wherever he could ; but
that does no-t apply to anybody else.
Mr. DAVIS. I was glad of any opening.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SAULSBURY. The Senate is aware
that there are a few members on our side of
the Chamber who have not expressed their
opinions on the measure, the debate of which
began on the 22d of January. I am also in-
formed that there are a number of gentlemen
on the opposite side of the Chamber who wish
to express their views on that subject. The
proposition which has come up for considera-
tion to-day, on the motion of the honorable
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Teumeull,] opens
up the whole question of reconstruction, and
especially the motion made by the honorable
Senator from Kentucky, that the Judiciary
Committee bo instructed to report a bill re-
pealing alHlie reconstruction acts heretofore
passed. We have been notified by the honor-
able Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Yates] that he
intends to-morrow to call up the bill for the
admission of Colorado. Now, sir, if it can be
understood that alter the bill before the Senate
is disposed of the reconstruction bill proper
can be taken up, and those members of the
Senate who have not had an opportunity to be
heard upon the subject shall be heard, without
the interposition of any other matter, I have
no doubt it will be perfectly satisfactory to
those who intend to speak on the general
subject of reconstruction. But if that gen-
eral subject is to be delayed, and other mat-
ters are to be taken up for consideration, it
is nothing but just to those members, both
of the Republican side of this Chamber and
of this side of the Chamber, who have not
been heard on that subject, that they should
have the privilege of being heard at an early
day. I am told that the Senator from Ne-
braska [Mr. Thayer] wishes to be heard on
that subject; I entertain that wish myself.
With the understanding that after the vote is
takeii on the pending bill the reconstruction
measure .proper will come up, so that we may
have an opportunity to speak once, not twice,
on the same subject, I shall be perfectly satis-
fied.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There will be no diffi-
culty about that.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to say that the
proposition of the Senator from Delaware, as
I understood it, seems reasonable and proper.
It is that he and his friends are willing that
we shall dispose of the bill now before the
Senate to-morrow, provided they have an op-
portunity to make their speeches afterward
upon the general question of reconstruction.
That is fair and right, and I think there ought
to be no objection to it. Then we can meet
to-morrow morning, sit out this bill during the
day, if necessary, dispose of it, and then let
the other measure come np.
Mr. STEWART. With that understanding
is there any difficulty about taking the vote on
this subject now?
Mr. EESSBNDEN. Certainly there is, be-
cause some gentlemen wish to speak on this
very bill. 15
Mr. HENDERSON. I rise for the purpose
of moving an adjournment. I am a friend of
this bill and intend to vote for it, but we are
not likely to arrive at a vote this evening. I
therefore move that the Senate do now ad-
journ, and I do so with the hope that we shall
arrive at a vote to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator from
Missouri will withdraw his motion long enough,
to allow me to make an observation.
Mr. CAMERON. I gave way to the Sena-
tor from Missouri, and I hope I shall have an
opportunity of saying a word which may, per-
haps, induce him to withdraw his motion until
we decide this question. I think it is really
understood now that we shall dispose of this
bill to-morrow, ["yes,"] and with that under-
standing I will myself move an adjournment.
Mr. HENDERSON. I understand it so.
I understand that Senators who desire to be
heard upon reconstruction are perfectly filling
that we shall take the vote to-morrow on this
bill, provided the bill we have heretofore been
discussing on that subject shall then be taken
up and an opportunity given to them to be
heard. ["Certainly."] That is right, noth-
ing but right. I therefore renew the motion
that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If that is the under-
standing I shall make no objection to the ad-
journment.
Several Senators. It is the understanding.
MESSAGE FROM THE IIOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersos, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate :
_ A bill (H. R. No. 60-5) making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1809 ;
, K- No- '769) granting a pension
to David Howe;
A bill (H. R. No. 770) granting a pension
to J ohn H. Fmlay;
A bill (II. R. No. 771) granting a pension
to John D. Lay;
A bill (H. R. No. 772) granting a pension
to Robert McCrory;
<. 'wmP granting a pension
to William H. McDonald;
A bill (H. R. No. 774) grantifig a pension
to Amos Witham ;
A bill (H. R. No. 775) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of Erastus
ivmsel;
A bill (H. R. No. 776) granting a pension
to /iephaiiiah Knapp, of Luzerne county,
Pennsylvania; and
_ A bill (H. R. No. 610) extending the pro-
visions of the act of July 17, 1802, relating to
the naturalization of soldiers, to those who
enlisted in the naval and marine service of the
united States.
