2318
THE COJSf GRESS10NAL GLOBE.
April 21,
Glossbrenner, Grolladay, Gravely, Grover, Haight,
Halsev. Jlolman, Hooper, Asahol W. Hubbard,
Jiichaid I). Hubbard, Humphrey, Hunter, Julian,
Kelioy, Kerr, Kitchen, Knott, William Lawrenco,
Lmcoii), Lynch, Marshall, McCormick, MeCullough,
Moore, Morrissey, Mungen, Ncweomb, Nicholson,
Peter?, Poland, Pomeroy, Pruyn, Randall, Ross,
feawyer, bohcnck, Seoficld, Selye, Sheliabarger,
A^ron j<. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart,
iiremas, LawrenceS. Trimble, Twichcll, Van Auken,
V^an Wyck.Cadwalader C.Washburn. James F. Wil-
son, John I.Wilson, Wood, Woodbridge, and Wood-
ward—81.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Sir. TABER stated that Mr. Fox was absent
from the House on important business; if pro-
sent, he would have voted for the bill.
Mr. BROOMALL stated that Mr. Ivelley
was necessarily absent on public business.
Mr. ORTII announced that his colleagues,
Mr. Julia.y and Mr. IIuxteu, were absent on
leave ; if present, they would have voted for the
bill.
Mr. O'NEILL said: I ask that permission
be given to those members who are absent to
record their votes on this bill.
The SPEAKER. There is 110 precedent for
such a proceeding. No authority was ever
given in the whole history of the Government
when a bill passed to allow gentlemen after-
ward to come in and record their votes. Some-
times, by a suspension of the rules under the
new rule, such authority has been given, but
never in advance.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORBElt OV BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
is the consideration ofHousebill No. 370,to pre-
vent the further sale of the public lands of the
United States except as provided for in the
preemption and homestead laws, and the laws
for disposing of town sites and mineral lands.
The gentleman who has charge of that bill [Mr.
Julian] has been called home in consequence
of sickness in his family. But the Chair has
been informed that two members of this House
will bo ready to speak upon the bill to-morrow,
one in favor of and one in opposition to the
bill.
Mr. IiOBINSON. I desire to give notice
that to-inoirow I shall ask the House to vote
upon my resolution to recall our managers in
the matter of the impeachment of the President.
amendment of the bankrupt law.
Mr. JENCKES. I ask unanimous consent
for the Committee on Revision of Laws to
report to-morrow, after the morning hour, the
bill amendatory of the bankrupt law. Unless it
shall have passed both Houses before the 1st of
June it will prove unavailing.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object
at this time ; though I may not object to-mor-
row, after X shall have had an opportunity to
read the bill.
Mr. JENCKES. Then I move that the rules
be suspended, and that the committee be au-
thorized to report the bill at that time.
Mr. MAYNAKD. Does the gentleman from
Rhode Island [Mr. .Tenckes] propose to allow
any discussion of the bill?
Mr. JENCKES. I do not suppose any will
be necessary.
Mr. ELDRIDG-E. I ask consent for the
gentleman from Rhode Island to take five min-
utes to explain the amendatory bill to which he
1C Mr." WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object,
unless time is allowed to reply to him.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think the gentleman
from Rhode Island [Mr. Jexckes] can satisfy
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. WAsmsritXE]
that his bill is a perfectly proper one. It is a
bill, as the gentleman from Rhode Island says,
of public importance, and perfectly unobjec-
tionable. I ask that he be allowed to btate
what the hill proposes to accomplish.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This bill,
I take it, is like ail other bills in that respect.
The gentleman from Rhode Island undoubtedly
thinks it is a very just bill; I do not know but
it may be. But there are very many other just
propositions which have equal rights with this
one. That is the reason why 1 object to its
being made a special order to the exclusion of
everything else.
Mr. JENCKES. I insist upon my motion
that the rules be suspended, and that the Com-
mittee 011 Revision of Laws be authorized to
report this bill to-morrow after the morning
hour.
The question was taken ; andupon a division
there were—ayes 77, noes 19.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended, and leave granted accord-
ingly.
sabine.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I ask nnanimous
consent to submit the following preamble and
resolution for consideration at this time:
Whereas the .Secretary of the Navy, 011 tho applica-
tion of certain persons not officially connected with
the administration of the Navy Department, recently
caused the Sabine, a vessel belonging to the United
tiitCo Nnvy, to bo detained for several days in the
harbor of New London, after said vessel had been
ordered out of commission and away from said harbor
of New London, at an expense of more than twonty
thousand dollars and to tho prejudice of U10 public
service: Therefore,
Jic it remhed, Tim t the .Secretary of tho Navy be
diiceted to communicate to this House tho number
of days said vossol was detained and tho reason of
said detention; the number of men connected with
said vessel and the daily and aggregate expenso of
said vessel and men while thus detained; also, to
communicate the entiro correspondence that passed
between tho Navy Department and Hon. Frederick
L, Allen, Hon. ,1 nines Dixon, the Democratic com-
mittee of New London, and any other person or per-
sons, in regard to 11ns subject, together with a copy
of the " descriptive li*t"ol said vessel now in the pos-
session oft.be Navy Department, a copy of all of the
orders ofsaid Department on this subject, and also a
copy of all letters and telegrams sentand looeivcdin
relation to the same; also, a copy of any letter or let-
ters or telegrams relating to this subject exhibited
by any poison or persons asking for the detention of
said vessel tor parlisan or political purposes, or lor
other reasons; aNo, to coimnuniealo to this llou^c
what representations, verbal or otherwise, were mado
on this subject.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If fhe gentleman from
Connecticut [Mr. Staukwio vrni:u] will modily
the preamble of his resolution by sinking out
the words "and to the prejudice of the public
service" I will not object to it.
_ Mr. STARKWEATHER. I have no objec-
tion to striking out those words, although I
have no doubt such is the fact.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. _ I do not want to vote
for any such declaration.
The preamble and resolution, as modified,
were received by unanimous consent, and
adopted.
leave of1 absence.
Leave of absence for two weeks was granted
to Mr. Marshall.
order of business.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to give notice
that I shall ask the House to consider to-mor-
row, after the morning hour, two appropria-
tion bills having reference to benevolent insti-
tutions in this District.
lighting the hall.
Mr. BROOMALL. I call up the motion
to reconsider the vote by which the report of
the Committee on Accounts relative to light-
ing the Hall by the galvanic battery now used
for lighting the Dome was recommitted. I
am willing that this question shall go over till
to-morrow morning, if the House desires now
to adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. If the gen-
tleman will yield, 1 will move an adjournment.
Mr. BROOMALL. I give way for that pur-
pose.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I move that
the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the House
(at four o'clock and twenty-five minutes p. m.)
adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropri-
ate committees:
By Mr. CHANLER: A memorial of A. S.
Diven, C. W. Durant,_ E. C. Litchfield, and
others, in favor of the New York and Washing-
ton railway.
By Mr. ISGGLESTON: A memorial of J. W.
Jack, praying that $300 commutation funds
may be refunded.
Also, a remonstrance of 98 citizens of Cin-
cinnati, against the extension of Howe's pateut
on sewing-machines.
By Mr. ELIOT: The petition of Thomas
Nye, jr., Joseph C. Delano, and others, mer-
chants and ship owners of Massachusetts,
praying for the erection of breakwaters at tho
entrance of Cuttahunk harbor, in Vineyard
sound.
By Mr. FERRISS : The petition and accom-
panying papers of Levi M. Roberts, a soldier
of the war of 1812, praying for increased pen-
sion.
By Mr. GARFIELD : The petition of Charles
0. Williams, for bounty.
Also, tho petition of officers of the Army on
the subject of the pay of officers on the retired
list.
By Mr. LOAN : The petition of Captain W.
B. Hamilton, for-an increase of pension.
By Mr. M VERS : The petition of Catharine
Payne, mother of Michael Bayne, deceased,
late of company A, sixth New Jersey volun-
teers, for arrears of pension.
By Mr. PHELPS: The petition of the mayor
and city council of Baltimore, Maryland, for
an appropriation to pay rent for occupation by
theUnited States of La Fayette square, and for
compensation for damage to same.
By Mr. SCIIENCK: The petition of W. W.
J. Kelly, of Florida, praying Congress to re-
move his political disabilities incurred by reason
of his service under the rebel flag.
Also, the petition of John W. Hilt, late cap-
tain in the twelfth regimentof Ohio volunteers,
praying for arrears of pension.
By Mr. TAYLOR: Four petitions of 150
citizens of Virginia, producers and manufac-
turers of American sumac, in favor of a specific
duty on imported sumac.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, April 21, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
Tho Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
leave op absence.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Mc-
Carthy till Monday next.
lighting the hall.
■ SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of the unfinished business
pendingat the adjournment last evening, bein^
the motion to reconsider the vote by which the
report of the Committee on Accounts rela'ive
to lighting the Hall by the galvanic battery
now used for lighting the Dome was recom-
mitted. On this question the gentleman from
I ennsylvama [Mr. Broomall] is entitled to
the tloor.
BP00iI^LL- 1 yield for a few min-
utes to the gentleman from Ohio. [Mr Gar-
field.] viah,
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 ask unanimous consent,
to ieport from the Committee on Military if-
fairs a jomt resolution, the passage of which is
" 1116 SQbj6C? iS ^
Wordfr!KE" 1 °bjeCt' and Cal1 f0r the reSl-
cailed 5^E^KEB- The regular order bein<?
[Mr Broo^ut^1" ?a° fr°m5 pen sylvaniS
the floor J mu8t pr0ceed or
, Mr. BROOMALL. Before the vote is tal-an
■ on the motion to reconsider I ask that the re
