3342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
By Mr. Kin-read:
' Question. Is this gentleman (Mv. Young) the per-
son wiio you were told was Mr. Young?
"Answer. Oh, no ; he was a heavier-built, portlier
man. I supposed the rneu who carried me off were
rebels/'
This man, negro though he was, seemed to
know instinctively that Judge Young was not
a rebel. He said, "The men who carried me
off were rebels." Instinct is sometimes very
unerring, even in darkies!
"Question. Who wrote the first affidavit that, you
made m this matter?
"Answer. Captain McICee.
"Question. Do you know what was in that affi-
davit?
"Answer. I cannot tell now.
"Question. Did you know at the time?
1 Answer. I may have known, but I did not under-
stand.
"Question. l'ouheard the affidavit read at the time
you signed it?
"Ans/orr. I deny hearing it read.
'Question. You afterward made another affidavit?
"Answer. Yes.
"Question. Was that second affidavit read over to
you?
"Atiswer. Yes, sir.
"Question. Did you understand if ?
''Answer. I reckon I did. The first affidavit was
never read over to me, according to my recollection.
Mr. McICee:
"Question. You gave me your statement, and I
wrote it down?
"Answer. I suppose so. There was no person in
the room but yourself. There was a colored man
there when 1 was going in, and I told him I wanted
Mr. Melvce to write a letter for mo. 1 did not say
anything to Mr. McKcc about any such letter. I
had never been in Mr. McKee's oflice before. The
subject of the election came up. X came back an-
other day,perhaps the second or third evening after-
ward. Mr. MoICeo said to me as I was passing:
'Willis, call at my office when you have time.' I
said I would do so. On my way back he was still
sitting there, and said, 'Willis, have you time to
corn© to my office now?' I said yes; and I went up
with him, not knowing what he was up to, I had
not grot into the secret of the thing; but when he
commenccd writing and asked rue these important
questions X surmised what he was after.
"Question. Did I not ask you at the time if you
knew John D. Young?
"Answer. Yes; and I told you I did not.
"Question. Then I said,'Perhaps it was not he?'
"Answer. X said X was told it was a gentleman
named Young.
"Question. And I described the general outlines of
Mr. Young, and you said that fitted ?
"Answer. I said that was about his size."
Further on in this examination Captain Mc-
Kee admits that the affidavit was in his hand-
writing. Now, I submit whether Captain Mc-
ICee can be allowed to falsify his own witness.
This man, for whom he seems by the proof to
have made a deposition for the unholy purpose
of keeping Judge Young from his seat on this
floor, and thus fraudulently usurp his plaee,
proves, to his surprise and mortification, to be
made of u sterner stuff," and even in his ignor-
ance confounds the intelligence of the con-
testant, and leaves him upon the record a pic-
ture of humiliation, and, I might add, infamy,
if allowable, for the "slow-moving finger of
scorn to point at."
I come now to Mr. Sharp's testimony, upon
which and what purported to be W. Hockaday's
and McKee's own statement, Mr. Young was
prevented in July last from taking his seat in this
body; and his deposition is very important. I
shall quote from it to show what kind of man
this Mr. Sharp is, upon whose evidence, iu fact,
Mr. Young is to be kept out of his seat. The
substance of his deposition is that he ordered
Judge Young to appear at the provost mar-
shal's office at a certain time, that Judge
Young did appear, and, as he heard, called
twice, but he was not there himself, and then
Judge Young was guilty of the disloyalty of
leaving the country, and went to that rebel
Stater Vermont, a thing I am sure for which
the contestant never can forgive him. If he
had gone to South Carolina it might have been
different. But I read from the testimony:
" Question. How long did you act as provost mar-
shal at Suarptfburg?
" Answer. About three months. I used to summon
men to take the oath generally on information fur-
nished by theirneighbors.
" Question. How many men did you send to Camp
''Answer. Three or four, I think. One of them
wa? ordered there by General BoyJe, positively.
44 Question. Wliatuompeusation did those men pay
you for administering tha oath?
44 They were charged from five to twenty-
five dollars; poor men were charged nothing."
Mark that! This generous provost marshal
Sharp allowed poor men to swear gratis, but a
man who happened to be worth something,
like Judge Young, had to pay from five to
twenty-five dollars for the poor privilege of
taking his oath.
" Question. What amount of money did you collect
from that source?
"Answer. 1 do not know; I never kept any account.
" Question. Several hundred dollars?
"Answer. Yes. sir: several hundred dollars.
" Question. Did you account for that money to the
Government?
"Answer. I did not."
What! This loyal provost marshal, upon
whose testimony Captain McICee relies, appears
in this presence as a thief; a man who received
money as provost marshal in behalf of the Gov-
ernment and never accounted ior it!
I am not done with this military robber, Mr.
Sharp, yet. I will go on with his testimony,
for there is a heap of good reading in it. I
will show you exactly what sort of testimony
has been gotten up to keep Judge Young out
of his seat. There is the testimony of Hock-
aday to begin with. But he was an honest
colored gentleman 5 too honest to be used for
this purpose, and some substitute had to be
found for him. But, again, to Mr. Sharp.
What is his testimony?
" Question. Did General Boyle ever give you au-
thority to make charges of that kind?
"Answer. Not positively.
" Question. Directly or indirectly ?
44 Answer. I took it indirectly.
" Question. Ey writing4/
"Answer. No, sir.
"Question. What did he ever say to you which
authorized you to call men before you and charge
them lor administering the oath?
"Answer* He did not say I was to charge them,
but he said they would have to foot the bills.
44 Question. That is the only authority hegave you?
"Answer. That was *is strong as he said.
44 Question. Did many of them object to pay you for
administering the oath?
" Answer. No, sir.
"Question. Do you recollect telling Mr. Young's
brother-in-law that you would administer the oath
to him for ten dollars ?
" Anstotr. I do not.
" Question. Had you any fixed tariff of fees?
"Answer. I had not; X generally charged a man
by the trouble he gave and his ability to pay.
" Question. What trouble didyou have except issu-
ing the summons and administering the oath?
*'Nothing else.
" Question. You had the same trouble with all?
"-d?meer. Yes.
44 Question. Then you exacted according to the
wealth or poverty of the party before you?
44 Ansiver. I suppose that had something to do
with it.
44 Question. And this money you put in your own
pocket?
"Answer. I do not suppose that any ofiteverwent
to the Government.''
Of course not; you never heard of a thief
returning to the Government anything that he
stole therefrom. This man appropriated to
himself what he had exacted from the poor
and unfortunate men in his district. Honest,
loyal agent! How the Government felt itself
lean upon his mighty arm for protection I He
then went on:
"A. good deal of it went for expenses of men and
horses in serving summonses. I recollect paying one
individual $100 on the order of Colonel Metcalf.
44 Question. Was there not great alarm and terror all
through the country at those exactions made on the
people?
"Answer. I think there may have been some little
uneasiness aboxit the Camp Chase end of the thing.
I do not think anybody was alarmed about anything
elsr.
44 Question. Doyoustateasa fact that you offered to
administer the oath to Mr. Young?
"Answer. Certainly; I offered him the privilege of
taking the oath.
41 Question. Butyou did not require it of him?
"Answer. X did.
" Question. What was Mr. Young's answer?
"Answer. I do not recollect positively; X suppose
he said he had no occasion to take it.
" Question. Bid he not say that he was in office, and
had already taken the oath?
"Answer. He probably did; I do not recollect. I
had summoned Mr. Young there as X believed he was
disloyal, from the cant ot the community."
What do you think of such a fellow as this!
Really dispensing oaths as a charity to poor
men, though an affliction to men of any means,
to put money in his own purse, in the name of
loyalty, and by the power of the Government
literally robbing Kentuckians:
"To Mr. Scofield:
*' X do not recollect that there was any agreement
on the part of Mr. Young and myself what was to
occur in the event of tteneval Boyle's dceision, either
way. We parted in a friendly manner, and Mr.
Young said he m ould appear on the day fixed.
44 Question. For what was he to appear-to be sent
to Camp Chase, or to determine whether he would
not think that Mr. Young ever
came right square down and said that he would under
no circumstances taic the oath, nor was there any
agreement as to what should be done, dependent on
General Boyle's decision. I would, however, have
sent him to Camp Chase,-whether he took the oath
or not, as General Boyle directed me to do so.
" Question. Was it generally reported there that
Mr. Young used his influence with the confederates
tor the protection of Union men at various times.
"Amaer. I cannot say that much. Acousmof
mine, who went to summon Mr-70un.S,\n^rh™®d
that Mr. Young advised him to travel back by a dif-
ferent route to avoid falling into the hands 01 rebels.
I do not blame Judge Young for leaving this
wild waste, leaving the plaee where there were
so man)7 soldiers and such provost marshals,
and going to some green spot where there "was
peace and kindness and liberty and justice.
Here is our friend, Colonel McKee? with ten
propositions to prevent Judge Young^ from
taking his seat. He introduced this man bharp.
He introduced Hockaday. tie thought this
colored man could be made to act to suit his
purpose ; but, rising above the ignorance of his
race, in the purity of truth and in nature' sproud
nobility, he scorned to tell a lie or allow him-
self to be made a tool of to suit the partisan and
personal malignity which had literally envel-
oped the contestee in its fiery flames of perse-
cution and defamation.
I will now call attention to the testimony of
Mr. Morgan. I will read it to the House, and
T ask whether Judge Young did more than any
high-minded man would have done under like
circumstances? Nay, I ask any true Union
man on this floor if he would not commend
the nobility of the act? My friend, Colonel
McKee, will pardon me for not addressing this
interrogatory to him also.
" C. C. Morijax sworn and examined.
"To Mr. Kixkead:
44 I reside in Lexington, Kentucky; X have known
Mr. Young about four years; I saw him in Owings-
ville in February, 1803; I was in the confederate ser-
vice; we had been on a raid in Kentucky, and X
started with a party of men to Owingsville, and took
possession of it; we got there about half past ten
o'clock at night; we surrounded Barnes's hotel and
took possession of it; shortly afterward Mr. Young
came up and interceded for Barnes to prevent dam-
age being done, and to provide somewhat for our
wants, giving as a reason that Barnes was a poor
man, and asking me to be as light upon him as pos-
sible; he invited me to go to his house that night,
but 1 declined, stating that X would stay with the
men; on© of the men took a horse belonging to some
of the Barneses, and Mr. Young came to me to have
it released; the man* said he was bound to have a
hor&e, and Mr. Young invited him to go to his stable
and take any horse he chose in exchange for Barnes's
horse; we knew Barnes to be a decided Union man,
which was a great reason for our taking the hotel;
we generally put up with Union m< n. We always
required the citizens to feed us; of cour^c it was a
relief to Barnes to have us supplied from other quar-
ters; provisions were sent 4n by outsiders; X recol-
lect meeting Mr. Brother, a«on-in-law of Mr. Barnes;
I passed through Owingsville once or twice after
that; once X told Mr. Young that my horse was very
tired and wanted rest, and asked him to indicate
some very good Uuion man who had a good horse
that I could take in place of mine ; he said he would
rather I should not do so, but X insisted that X would,
and he said, 'If that is the case you may take one
of my horses;' fm brought his horse out ; it was a
very bad-looking horse, but really a very good one,
and I rode his horse off and left mine behind. Mr.
Young showed no disposition to oppress or molest
Union men; hestood in the attitude of their pro-
tector all the time; two men with bud reputations
were in the town one evening, armed and bent on
mischief, and 3dr. Young eame to me and begged me
to use my authority to prevent trouble, and X man-
aged to send them off; one of them had the reputation
of being a quasi guerrilla."
llather than his poor Union neighbor should
lose his horse, which he could ill afford, he
gave np his own horse. This shows the pure
and high-toned character of Judge Young,
ow let us see "what the other witnesses say:
" Anprew Trumbo sworn and examined.
" By Mr. Kiskeab:
Question, Where do you reside ?
, Answer. Xn Franklin county, about two miles from
; fcranktort, Kentucky. X resided in Owingsville, Bath
j county, up to September, 1S03. X represented the
t congressional district of Kentucky in the
, Xwentv-Ninth Congress.
| "t Question. How long have you known Mr. Young?
Answer. Ever since his iniancy.
«  Question. State what you know about his cbedi-
