1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2810"
port of the committee be read. It is short and
it sets out all the facts.
The Clerk read as follows:
The Committee on Account?, who were instructed
by resolution of the House of February 22,1868, to
inquire into the expediency and the expense of caus-
ing the gas over the Hall to be lighted by electricity
from the battery now used for lighting the Rotunda
and Dome, make report:
The mode of lighting the gas over the Hall now in
use is this:
A pipe, called a carrier tube, about one inch in
diameter, in which are inserted at intervals of an
inch small jets or burners, passes the burners which
lightthe Hall, and when fire is communicated to the
jets at one end it passes from jet to jet and lights the
burners.
The proposed mode is to put a wire in the place of
the carrier tube and connect it with the galvanic
battery used lor lighting the Dome, so that the elec-
tricity being communicated to the wire will immedi-
ately light the burners as soon as the gas is emitted.
After careful investigation the committee are of
opinion that the following advantages will result
from the proposed change:
1. The expense of keeping the carrier tube and jets
in order will be saved. This expense is shown to the
satisfaction of the committee to be about eight hun-
dred or a thousand dollars a year. There are nine
thousand six hundred and seventy jets or small burn-
ers in the carrier tube. To prevent the extravagant
use of gas these jets are very small, eight of them
emitting about a cubic foot of gas per hour. By the
decrease ot the size of these jets their liability to
become obstructed and outof order is increased. The
obstruction of a single jet frequently stops the pro-
gressofthe fire. Twojets together obstructed almost
always stops the communication. Hence the jets
require frequent cleaning and removing. This consti-
tutes thegreatitem of expense attending it.
The annual cost of the proposed substitute will be
very little.
The entire expense of the similar apparatus for
lighting theRotunda and Dome in the way ofrepairs
is about sixty dollars a year.
2. The waste of gas during the time required to
light by the carrier tube will be prevented, and the
amount used by the carrier tube saved.
The time occupied in lighting is about ten minutes.
The amount of gas consumed by the twelve hundred
and sixty six-foot burners is about six thousand feet
perhour, and that usedby the jets abouttwelve hun-
dred feet, making the amount used by both about
twelve hundred feet in ten minutes, costing, at the
present rate, $4 20 per evening.
Assuming the number of evenings during which the
Hall is lighted to be thirty per annum, the number
during the past year, and the expense saved on this
account would be $136 annually.
3. Much of the gas discharged by both jets and
burners during the time of lighting is not consumed,
but, as every member of the House knows, is suffered
to escape and pervade the atmosphere of the Hall,
rendering it for some time not only unpleasant to
breathe, but very injurious to health.
4. By the present mode it is necessary for the per-
son lighting the Hall to remain in the place where the
lights are during the time of lighting, to attend to the
carrier tube, and prevent the flame from stopping,
by reason of obstructed jets.
This is not only pernicious to the individual so
compelled to breathe the noxious atmosphere, but
dangerous both to him and the occupants of the Hall.
The effect produced upon him is otten thatof partial
insensibility, and the consequences of falling in suoh a
place may be easily foreseen.
The recent accident, by which a member and an
cx-meinber of the House were injured by the falling
of broken glass, was attributed to this cause.
These are the material advantages of the proposed
change; and in the opinion of the committee they
are sufficient to justify it.
If the proposed mode of lighting should be adopted,
the committee wouidrecommend other changes. The
present burners are metallic, and hence liable to cor-
rosion. Many of them are already so corroded as to
require renewing; probably all of them will require
it within the next year. The committee have exam-
ined the lava-tipped burners used in the Dome, and
are satisfied of their much greater durability than
metallic ones, and of their entire freedom from cor-
rosion. It is only while a metallic burner is new that
its action is perfect, that the whole of the gas emit-
ted is consumed, and consumed to the best advantage.
The lava-tipped burners, on the other hand, remain
the same.
From some experiments made by the direction of
the committee it has been shown that the horizontal
direction of the present burners prevents, to some
extent, the proper combustion of the gas, and hence
fails to attain all the light of which thegas is capable.
These experiments have shown that twenty-two
upright burners placcd immediately over the large
sash in each of the panels will produce as much light
as the twenty-eight horizontal burners placed as they
now are.
By this change two hundred and forty-six burners
may be saved, and counting six hours to the evening,
and thirty evenings to the year, the amount saved
would be about one hundred and thirty-seven dol-
lars per annum on this account.
Throwing aside the danger to health and life of
the present mode, the committee are of opinion that
the actual saving of expense by all the proposed
changes would be about one thousand dollars per
annum.
The committee further report that the expense of
changing the mode of lighting as, proposed, and
changing the burners and their position, will not ex-
ceed $3,600.
And they believethat thisexpense will be much more
than compensated by the annual saving. On this ac-
count, and because the committee are satisfied that
the proposed change will conduce to the health and
safoty of the occupants of the Hall, they recommend
the passage of the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives be directed to cause the carrier tube now
used for lighting the burners of the Hall to be re-
moved, as well as the burners and the pipe in which
they are inserted, and to cause a pipe furnished with
lava-tipped burners to be placed in the most advan-
tageous position over each panel, and to be so con-
nected with the battery used for lighting the Dome
as to be lighted therefrom.
Itesolved, That the work be done under the direc-
tion of the architect of the Capitol extension, and
that the expense be paid out of the contingent fund
of the House: Provided, That the same shall not ex-
ceed $6,(>00.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the recommitment will be reconsidered, and
the resolutions reported by the Committee on
Accounts will be regarded as pending before
the House.
There was no objection.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to put a
question to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Broomall.]
Mr. BROOMALL. I was about to say that
I do not wish to occupy the time of the House
longer than may be necessary; and any ex-
planation which may be desired might as well
be given by answering questions as in any
other way.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to ask what is
the necessity for any action of the House on
this subject? From the statements made in
the report this change in the mode of lighting
the Hall ought obviously to be made. But
why cannot the thing be done and paid for out
of the contingent fund without any action on
the part of the House?
Mr. BROOMALL. It is not entirely clear
that under existing laws it can be done with-
out any action of the House. It certainly can
be done if these resolutions be adopted. I
am not sure that the Clerk has not the power
to do it without such action; and he is not
sure. But he doubts his power; and inasmuch
as there was a doubt the matter was referred
to the Committee on Accounts, and these res-
olutions are the result.
Mr. MAYNARD. "Well, then, let the res-
olutions be passed.
Mr. BROOMALL. If no other gentleman
desires information, I will call the previous
question.
Mr. MILLER. Will the Hall be better
lighted by the method proposed ?
Mr. BROOMALL. There is no doubt that
the Hall will be better lighted. This has been
shown by an experiment which has been made
under the direction of the committee with one
of the panels.
I call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. BROOMALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IMPEACHMENT.
Mr. ROBINSON. I submit the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the resolution of impeachment
against Andrew Johnson, President of the United
States, passed February 24, 1868, and all the pro-
ceedings of this House amendatory thereof, or sup-
plementary thereto, be, and the same are hereby,
rescinded, and the managers on the part or the
House be recalled from the further prosecution of
said impeachment.
Mr. MULLINS. I move that be laid on
the table.
Mr. ROBINSON. I have not yielded the
floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does the
Chair decide that to be a question of privilege ?
The SPEAKER. He does.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object,
then, to its reception.
Mr. ROBINSON. Is it a question of priv-
ilege.
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object
to its reception and consideration at this time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will have the
rule read on the subject.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. How can the gentleman
from Illinois object to a question of privilege?
Mr. ROBINSON. And I have not yielded
the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
rule from page 71 of the Digest.
Mr. ROBINSON. I did not yield for any
motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois objects to it as a question of right.
The Clerk read as follows:
""When any motion or proposition is made, the
question, * Will tho House nowconsider it?' shallnot
be put, unless it is demanded by some member or is
deemed necessary by the Speaker."
''Rule 41.—And it is competent for a member to
raise the question of consideration upon a report even
though a question of privilege is involved in the
report.—Journal, 1, 35, pp. 1083,1085.
'But after a question has been stated and its dis-
cussion commenced, it is too late to raise the question
of consideration."—Journal 1,17, pp. 296,297.
The SPEAKER. This has been the ruling
previously in the House, and the Chair will
have read the decision of Mr. Speaker Orr, in
the first session Thirty-Fifth Congress, in a
case of the highest privilege, the right of a
member to a seat upon this floor.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Mr. ThomasL. Harris havingproposedto call up
tho report of tho Committee of Elections in tho case
of W. Pinckney Whyte, contesting the right of J.
Morrison Harris to a seat in the House from the State
of Maryland, Mr. Israel Washburn, jr., demanded
that the question be put, * Will the House now con-
sider it?' Mr. Thomas L. Harris made the point of
order that the said report being a question of privi-
lege, it was not competent for a member to raise tho
question of consideration. The Speaker overruled
the said point of order, and decided that under tho
fifth rule of tho House it was competent for a major-
ity, upon the demand of a member, to determine
whether they would now consider tho report."
The SPEAKER. From the decision of Mr.
Speaker Orr Mr. Houston, of Alabama, ap-
pealed ; and Mr. Eliiiu B. Washbuiixe, of Illi-
nois, moved that the appeal be laid upon the
table; and the question being put it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 124, nays GG.
That settled the parliamentary construction of
the rule which is now the forty-first rule.
The reason for this rule is obvious. A
member might move that the gentleman from
Illinois or the gentleman from New York
should be expelled from the House and then
claim the right to make a speech before the
House decided whether it should consider the
question or not. The ruling of Speaker Orr
was no doubt correct.
Mr. ROBINSON. I have no doubt the pro-
ceedings in the other House will soon induce
this House to adopt my resolution.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Can the gentleman from
New York be taken from tho floor?
The SPEAKER. He certainly can. And
the Chair will refer the gentleman from Wis-
consin to a decision made by Mr. Speaker Bar-
bour, of Virginia, in the Seventeenth Congress.
It will be found on page 290 of the Journal of
the first session of the Seventeenth Congress,
where Mr. Whitman offered resolutions in re-
gard to the disposition of the documents ac-
companying President Monroe's message on
tho 28th of January:
"Which being read, Mr. Whitman then proceeded
in his argument until Mr. Rhea demanded that the
question be put, 'Will the House now consider it?'
which demand was declared out of order, for that it
had not been deemed necessary by the Speaker nor
demanded by any member until the mover had pro-
ceeded to discuss his resolutions and was actually
discussing them.
14 From this decision of the Chair Mr. Nelson, of
Virginia, appealed to the House.
''And on the question,4 Is the decision ofthe Speaker
correct?' (which was the way then of taking an ap-
peal) it passed in the affirmative."
The ruling, therefore, was made by that de-
cision of the Seventeenth Congress that the
point as to the consideration of a resolution
or report must be made instantly upon its pre-
sentation, and not after the discussion has com-
menced.
