1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3343
cnce to the laws of Kentucky of the United States,
and his conduct as a citizen ?
" Answer. I cannot speak very much about Mr.
Young after the 5th of September, 1862. On that
evening, being a Union man, I gotnotice to quit the
country. The advance of Humphrey Marshall's
forces came into my town, and theUnionpeopie had
alllelt but myself. That evening I left homeandlay
in the woods forty-one days and nights. 1 was well
acquainted with Mr. Young from his infancy up to
that time. He was my neighbor, and he was our
county judge. He wasan orderly man, a correct man,
and a perfect gentleman. I had to leave the country,
and I went to Illinois with my stock of mules to feed
them during the winter. I went home two or three
times during the year 1863, accompanied by soldiers,
and saw Mr. Young each time. He met me as he
always had done. I was not afraid of Mr. Young,
but I was afraid of a good many of his neighbors.
It is proper that I should state I always looked upon
Mr. Youngasasouthern sympathizer—whatlcalled
a rebel; but as to his acts, I never knew him to do
anything that was wrong. He appeared to be a law-
abiding man. There was a provost marshal at Sharps-
burg who used to send for men suspected of sympa-
thizing with the South, and require them to take the
oath—making them pay sums varying from ten to
three hundred dollars. I was opposed to that, and
spoke against it, so that some of my friends began to
doubt my loyalty."
Now I come to Thomas Y. Nesbitt. Let
me read his testimony :
"Thomas Y. Nesbitt sworn a d examined.
"To Mr. Kinkead:
"I live in Maysville,Kentucky. I lived inOwings-
ville in 1861. I have known Mr. Young afl my fife.
During the troubles he deported himself as a quiet,
orderly citizen. I never knew of his doing anything
to aid the rebellion. I know that he kept me out of
the rebel army at one time. T had made up my mind
to join the rebel army,and talked to my fatherabout
it. He tried to persuade mo not to go. I went up
street to make some arrangements about going. I
met Mr. Young on the street and spoke to him about
my going:, although I do not know why. He told me
I ought not to go; that the best thing for liie to do
was to stay at home. I think if it had not been for
what he said to me I should have gone to the rebel
army that very night. I heard a man say the other
day, at Maysville, that Mr. Young told him if liedid
go to the rebel army it would be the worst thing he )
ever did.''
Now I come to B. D. Lacy, (page 81:)
"I had frequent interviews with Mr. Young. lie
demeaned himself as a quiet citizen all through the
troubles, giving no aid to the rebellion that I know
of. H'ts sympathies were for the South. I recollect his
being of service tome on one occasion when I was in
dangerfrom some rebel soldiers. I heard ofhis hav-
ing frequently interfered in the same way for other
citizens.''
Icome next to Joseph II. Richard, (page 82:)
" I reside in Owingsville, and resided there during
the troubles. I have been always a Union man. Mr.
Young lived in the village. I knew htm very well,
liis deportment was that of a good, orderly citizen,
attending quietly to his duties. I never knew him
to do anything toward aiding therebellion. His sym-
pathies were well known to be with the rebellion.
He was a quiet man. I think that if he had done
anything contributing materially to the aid of the
rebellion it would have been generally known. He
constantly interfered for the protection of Union
men and of all quiet citizens."
I might read extracts from dozens of wit-
nesses to the same effect.
I now invite your attention to two pictures—•
the cont.estee and the contestant. Look upon
this and then upon that—"Hyperion to a
satyr." One of them is found giving no aid
or comfort, but on the other hand discouraging
by every possible means known to him others
from going into the southern army. Young
George M. Ewing says when Judge Young was
a candidate he voted against him, not because
he went to the rebel camp, and so far gave aid
and assistance to the rebellion, but because he
caused a regiment to be disbanded, and because
he was instrumental in deterring young men
from going into the southern army. Therefore
he voted against him:
"Ui:orge M. Ewixg sworn and examined.
"To Mr. McKek:
" 1 live ill Owingsville, Kentucky. I always looked
noon Mr Young as a southern sympathizer. I know
nothing of his acts. Ho never took any part that I
know of in raising troops tor the South. 1 never heard
him encourage any man to go into the southern army,
i beard him declare himself a State-rights man, but
never that he was in favor of the confederacy. 1
joined the rebel army in September, 18bl. X do not
know anything of Mr. Young s being an applicant
iora position in the rebel army. I heard it reported
that he ran for colonel of my regiment at t reston-
burg but there was no regimental election at all. In
the Miring of 1866, when he was running again for
county juiige against Mr,. Wylle, I wa^electioHcering
against Mr. ^ oung, and I said that W 3 he bad gone
to Prestonburg and stuck to the army for four years,
but that Young had gone there and had nearly bro-
ken up the regiment by taking men off instead ot
letting them stick to the army, and that, therefore, I
was opposed to him. j
|* To Mr. Kinkead : |
" I am ason of Mr. Joshua Ewing. I am sure there
was no election at Preston burg at which Mr. Young's
name was brought out. Therewas only a temporary
election for colonel, when Finkliu was chosen; but i
James S. Williams came soon afterward from Rich- I
mondwithacommissionaseolonel. IsawMr.Young I
at Prestonburg, and asked him what he was doing !
there. He said he was not going into the army. lie
did not say what business he had. It was my impres-
sion that he influenced men to leave Prestonburg.
I had started off with fifty-one men, and there were
twenty-five or thirty more; but after Young left we
put our companies together, and there was not a full
company.
" By Mr. Scofield:
" Queition. Do you desire the committee to under-
stand that Mr. Young, from motives of affection or
relationship, induced some men to go home, or do
you mean to say that he persuaded them from you
because he was opposed to your cause?
"Answer. I do not know what was the reason. I
do not know that he did persuade the men to leave;
but I know that Young left, and the men left when
he did.
"Question. And in the electioneering campaignyou
only charged that he had been of no service to the
cause, while his competitor had been?
" Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. While he concurred with you in senti-
ment, you thought he had never aided by act ?
" Aiinrer. That was my impression.
"Question. How long were you in theservice?
"Answer. I served twelve months regularly, and
was in the army about two years longer—about three
years altogether. I was captain part of the time.
"By Mr. McICke:
" Question. Is it not a fact that many of the men
left because Young did notget the office?
" Avswtr. Not that I know of.
" Question. Because they were dissatisfied with the
organization of the regiment?
" Annver. There was no talk of an election at all
when Young left there. Colonel Williams had come
back from Richmond, and it was the understanding
that Williams had been oidered to take command
of the troops. I looked upon Mr. Y'oung as asouth-
crn sympathizer. My father was a Union man all
the time, and still sticks to it.
" By Mr. Cook :
" Question. At the time your company was at Pres-
tonburg, did you hear anything said about Young
having any office whateverin the regiment,either by
company officers or anybody else?
" Answer. No, sir; I never heard his name men-
tioned as an officer. We got to Prestonburg in Sep-
tember and stayed there as a sort of unorganized body
tilf the 18th of November, when we were sworn in.
Mr. Young was not there more than three or four
days—not over a week any way. I very seldom saw
him in camp.
"To Mr. Kerr:
"I knew Mr. Young's brother-in-law. Badger. He
was not one of the men who went away."
McKee brings up three witnesses such as I
have shown before you. Look at Judge Youug
attending to the wants of his fellow-men,
always giving aid and comfort to the Union
man ; giving food to the hungry, like a hu-
mane, kind, Christian gentleman, ever ready
to do his duty. He was truly a friend in need.
This whole book teems with the depositions
of men who swear that he was a benefactor
and a protector to them as Union men; and
not a solitary act of disloyalty is proven against
him in all this record.
You know, Mr. Speaker, and every mem-
ber on this floor knows, that the whole district
had been ransacked, and as with a line-tooth
comb raked and scraped with partisan malig-
nity, with a spirit not of heaven nor even of
earth, to find evidence against Judge Young.
And yet he stands forth to-day redeemed and
disenthralled of all the infamous charges affect-
ing his loyalty. I grieve to see that the Com-
mittee of Elections, some of whom I dare call
friends, men of such acute legal minds that,
uninfluenced by party idiosyneracies, I would
hardly dare to question a proposition put forth
by them, have reported against him.
But, sir, there is a miasmatic political
influence that seems to have permeated this
body within the past four months that is per-
fectly terrific for patriots to look upon.^ With-
out intending to do wrong, men whose instincts
are kindly seen to have their judgments warped
so that they follow their prejudices and partisan j
feelings rather than the rules of justice and j
law. They seem to have sought in every con- 1
ceivable way to bring proof against this man. !
They have not given him the benefit that the j
most ordinary criminal has of being deemed !
innocent until he is proved guilty. They have I
gone on theopposite principle, and charged him I;
with guilt and condemned him upon insinua-
tions and innuendoes. Trifles light as air are
to them confirmations strong as proofs of holy
writ. He is simply a man who professes to
be a Democrat of the States-rights school, and
one who has never given aid and comfort to
the rebellion, as is proved by fifteen or twenty
witnesses. He declares he can take the oath,
and that he will prosecute for perjury any man
who dares to swear that he ever gave aid and
comfort to the rebellion. But just because he
happened to be in camp and seeing a gun lying
there said to young Ewing, "There is a gun,
take care of it," he is to be deprived of a seat
in this body. No one proves that he brought
that gun there, or that he ever owned it. But
twelve months afterward, not ten, that young
man goes into the rebel army and carries that
gun with him. Therefore it is regarded as
proof against Judge Young that he is a rebel,
or that he encouraged men to enter the rebel
army.
What do you think of such proof as that ?
You would not condemn the meanest chicken-
thief in the country on trial before a jury upon
evidence so flimsy and unreliable as this. What
does it amount to? Mr. Nickell does not prove
that he knows John D. Young or ever did know
him, only that he saw him once. And this
facile witness, this subtle, Indian-rubber gen-
tleman, notice to take whose deposition was
given at three distinct times, and was never
taken when Mr. Young was present, appears
and swears that he heard a man whom he thinks
was Young say, "There is a Federal soldier
over there; go for him." He saw him for
but a moment, and then he left. And four long
years afterward this man of convenient memory,
this superserviceable and facile witness, swears
that the man lie saw was called Judge Young,
and that he supposes it to be the same man.
Upon this testimony, so unreliable and uncer-
tain, you are asked to exclude one of Kentucky's
purest men from a seat in this Hall, when there
is not a shadow of a shade of proof that he ever
was guilty of a single, solitary act of disloyalty
to the Government of the United States.
Let it be remembered that this man Nickell
is particularly proven by testimony of men
referred to in the report of the committee, but
rejected by the committee as being unfit to be
believed on oath.
Further, that Judge Moore swears that in
1861 he knew two men of the name of Greenup
Nickell, one sixty the other about thirty at that
time, and thatwhile he was acting as judge in
Kentucky said Nickell was arraigned, if I
remember, for hog stealing, and that he would
not believe him on oath. The committee, in
the report of Mr. McClurg, as if acting as
special counsel for McKee, reject this proof
by their manner of reporting it, because Judge
Moore was a rebel congressman, and further
that he said that the younger Nickell was about
thirty years of age, and this man, a noted char-
acter, was proved to be forty, thus conveying
the idea that either there were three Greenup
Nickells, or that Judge Moore's statement was
incorrect. If the Greenup Nickell Judge
Moore knew in 1861 was thirty, then he would
be about thirty-eight now, and no fair man
can doubt that Judge Moore was correct and
knew and described this identical Nickell.
Mr. Speaker, I know that I am arguing
against a foregone conclusion. I know that
men, however honestly disposed, living under
the miasmatic malarial influences that now sur-
round this Capitol hardly dare to do justice
toward a Democrat, I do not care who he is, for
fear they should meet the fate of those at the
other end of this Capitol who recently, acting
under the solemnities of an oath, dared to
speak their sentiments as men.
Sir, this district in Kentucky was convassed
most thoroughly, not only by the contestant in
this case, but by a distinguished member now
on this floor from Tennessee, [Mr. Mayxabb.]
and a gentleman from Mount Sterling. j?
attempt to prove that they were not allowed to
speak. The evidence here is that they were
never interrupted, but were invariably heard
