THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
261
require the opinion, in writing, of the principal
oihcers of each of the Executive Departments
upon any subject relating to the duties of their
respective offices."
But, sirs, it nowhere authorizes him to con-
solidate the heads of these Departments into a
cabal to discuss party politics, and devise ways
to perpetuate their tenure by securing the re-
election of their chief. There is danger in our
forgetting that the law-making pbwer of this
Government has imposed duties and obliga-
tions upon these heads of Depaitments which
they cannot delegate to the President, much
less the Cabinet, and which neither the Piesi-
dent nor the Cabinet can arrogate to them-
selves.
In this portion of the defense set up I do not
find that any broach of duty is charged to the
Secretary of War. It does not appear that he
has been derelict in anything enjoined upon
him by law. No, sirs; he has ceased to be an
agreeable companion to the President's Cabi-
net tea parties, and he must be decapitated.
Under all this lies much of that evil growing
out of the power arrogated to the President.
Here is the seed of executive consolidation,
of which the fathers had such dread. These
secret meetings tend to destroy that independ-
ence of administration which the law contem-
plates. Napoleon used to say that, councils of
war never fought battles. I think, sirs, I may
say that Cabinet councils do not always exe-
cute laws.
1 come now to notice the second branch of
the offense involved in the iirst charge, namely:
Had tiie President power to remote the
Secretary or War in violation of the ten-
ure-of-offil'e act?
The iirst section of this act reads as follows:
" rXhat every person hoiding: any eivii office to which
he has been appointed by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, and every peison who ahull
hereafter be a-ppointed to any such office, and shall
become duly qualified to act therein, is and shall be
entitled to hold such office until a successor shall
have been appointed by the President, with the ad-
vice aud consent oi the Senate, and duly-qualified;
and that the Scrotaiics of State, of the Ti e:; ;ui y,
ot War. of the Navy, and of the Interior, the Post-
master General and the Attorney Keneral, shall hold
their offices respectively for and during the tcim of
the President by whom they may hay.1 been ap-
pointed, and for one month thereafter, subject to
lemovat by and with the advice and consent ot the
Senate."
It is urged by the accused, in order to evade
the necessary consequences attending a viola-
tion of this act, first, that it is unconstitutional;
aud second, that it does not teach Mr. Stan-
ton's case.
The first of these points goes to the power
of Congress to enact any law on the subject, of
tenure of office, while the second is a legal
quibble upon the language of the law, which
the respondent knows better than any oneelse
is a plain violation of the spirit and intent, not
to say letter of the act. Let us consider briefly
these two points.
First: Is the tenure act constitutional?
It would seem idle to discuss a question which,
so far as this Senate is concerned, is res udju-
dicaia. I am surprised, sirs, to find counsel
of such eminence as those pleading for the
accused coming before a court and rearguing
with pretentious hopes of reversing a decision
deliberately made by over two thirds of this
body. Would they thus presume before the
Supreme Court of the United States? One of
the counsel ouce sat upon that bench. Would
he have tolerated anaigument upon a decision
of that coui t which hud been tendered after
repeated examinations by the most learned of
the country, exhausting every phase of arga-
ment ou both sides, and which decision was
finally concurred in by two thirds of the court?
But the question is before the Senate again ;
has been elaborately argued, and courtesy to
the counsel for the respondent, if 110 other
reason offers, would seem to require for it a
passing notice.
J"do not observe in the remarks of counsel
any argument different from that given in the
message vetoing the act of March 2, 18(57. This
did not prevail before the Senate then, ana I
see 110 reason why it should now. We are told
there that the question arose and was settled
in the discussion of 1789 when the War De-
partment and the Foreign Department were
created. I think the question presented then
is much misapprehended. It was not whether
Congress had the power to legislate upon the
subject. It was whether they ought to confer
the power of removal 011 the President. If
the power inheres in the President theaetthen
passed was whollvgratuitousand unnecessary.
To my mind the persistent determination with
which the mnjoiity (and a small one it was)
insisted upon putting into those acts of 178!) a
clause impliedly giving the power of removal
to the President is the highest proof of their
belief 111 tliepower of Congress to legislate upon
the subject, and that without legislation the
President would not possess the authority to
remove. If Congress was competent to grant
the power to the President, are they not equally
competent to withhold it?
The only officers of the Government whose
tenure is fixed by the Constitution are the
President and Vice President and the judges
of the Supreme Court and such inferior courts
as Congress may establish. (Art. 2 and ".)
The President aud Vice President hold for four
years, but Congress may remove them by im-
peachment. Tiie judges hold "during good
behavior,'' but, who can decide the good or bad
behavior of judges except Congress? Congress
cannot abiidge the tenure of the otfice, but
they can abridge the officer's tenure by im-
peaching him.
This, sirs, is the only limitation upon Con-
gress anywhere to bo found in the Constitution
upon the subject of controlling official tenure.
The Constitution is silent upon the subject
of tenure. 1 hold, therefore, tlnit the whole
power is vested in Congress to provide, when-
ever and however they choose, both for ap-
pointment to aud removal from oflice. There
is not an officer mentioned in the second clause
of the second arlicle o\er whom Congress has
not control in such manner as tlicy may bylaw
provide, except in the cases mentioned.
Congress is perfectly competent to fix any
tenure it deems best to embassadors, ministers,
consuls, or any other officers than those whose
term of oflice is fixed by the Constitution.
The section of the Constitution to which I have
alluded only provides for the mariner of ap-
pointment; it does not restiain Congress from
giving a tenure to the offices wijieh it estab-
lishes, and to impose such restraint by impli-
cation is wholly unwarrantable. Nothing but
tin1 method of appointment is attempted to be
controlled. Suppose Congress should determ-
ine that the efficiency of our diplomatic sys-
tem is greatly impaired by the frequent and
causeless changes made among mimsteis. em-
bassadors, or con: uls, and that the practice of
pulling spies upon them, and crediting such
mythical men as McCraeken, and recalling
ministers upon their statements, should be
stopped—could no law be passed fixing their
tenure, requiring the President to advise with
tin; Senate before recalling the minister, leav-
ing us unrepresented abroad, except where he
did so for good cause ?
The object of the Constitution was to pro-
vide the means of tilling offices which Con-
gress might establish. No intention was ex-
pressed to control absolutely the tenure of the
office or piohibit Congress from prescribing
means of removal.
If Congress cannot do more than make the
office and prescribe the duties incumbent upon
the person filling it, :n the matter of t hose ofii-
cers referred to in the first pnitof section sec-
ond, ariicle second, how can Congress do more
in the creating of infeiior officers spoken of
111 the last part of the section? It says, '• Con-
gress may vest the appointment of such infe-
rior officers as they think proper in the Presi-
dent alone, in the courts of law, or in the
heads of Departments." Suppose Congress
create a board of examiners to examine into
the national banks, and give the President the
power to appoint them. Congiess has then
exhausted all the directly-conferred power
given them by the letter of the Constitution,
and they are powerless to fix the tenure here
if they are in the other eases. The argument
urged is that the power to remove is incident
to the power to appoint. The President by
law appoints, and, therefore, he alone cSii
terminate the officer's tenure. Congress, by-
giving the President the power to appoint, is
estopped from fixing the tenure, so as to con-
trol the President'sremoving prerogative. But,
sirs, we know this is not txue. The country is
filled with officers, civil and military, some of
them appointed by the President alone, others
by and with the advice and consent of the Serf-
ate, and yet Congress, in those cases, has nevei?
been held to be powerless to fix the tenure.
Wherein is the difference between the Con-
stitution saying the President and Senate may
appoint certain officers created by law, or
the Constitution saying Congress may provide
means of filling ccrtain offices? The will of
the people is expressed in the same manner
through the Constitution directly to the Presi-
dent and Senate in one case, and indirectly to
the President, to courts of law, oir heads of
Departments in the other case, but in neither
case do they say through the Constitution,
directly or impliedly, that Congress, who create
the office, shall not adjust its tenure. The
reasou forgiving the appointment of inferior
officers into other hands than the Senate and
President was to provide for speedy execution
of the law and for early action in filling the
offices. Inferior officers were of less import-
ance ; they were numerous; vacancies were
constantly occurring, and hence the necessity
of relieving the Senate and President from
acting jointly. But the reason for giving Con-
giess power to control the tenure of inferior
offices applies with much greater weight in the
case of higher officers, whose wanton and
capricious removal may lead to infinitely more
dangerous consequences.
It this view be correct, there can be nothing
left of the argumentagainstthe constitutionality
of the tenure act. In Marbury vs. Madison
the case of an officer appointed by the Presi-
dent and Senate is presented, where the law
also fixed the tenure of the office at five years.
In this ease the court said:
"If the officer bo removable at the will of the Presi-
dent, then anew appointment may be immediately
made and the rights of the officer tominated; if the
officer is by law not removable at the will of the Presi-
dent, the rights the officer has acquired are protected
by the law, and arc not rcsumablc by tho President.
They cannot be extinguished by the Executive."
This would bo bad law if Congress were pow-
erless to fix a tenure, and it is no answer to
say Congress may fix the number of years the
officer is to serve, for if the term of years can
be fixed so can the manner of his removal.
if Congress can pass one step beyond the
power to create the office and provide for fill-
ing it, then they can regulate the tenure in
any and all particulars. The question cannot
turn upon who are or who are not inferior
officers, for here we would be left in a maze
and labyrinth, and the President could shield
himself behind a will-o'-the-wisp. The Con-
stitution does not pretend to define who are
or who are not inferior officers, and the
fact that this is left undefined shows that
the matter of controlling the tenure by con-
gressional enactment of either the one or the
other was not, the question the framers had
in mind. It was much discussed in 1789 as
to whether the heads of Departments are in-
ferior officers, and the result of the discussion
is doubtful, and really settled nothing. (1
Lloyd's Debates, 480 to 600 ; Sergeanton Con-
stitution, eh. 29, (eh. :!1;) 2 Lloyd's Debates,
1 to 12.) But whether they are or are not
does not affect the question in hand. Because
this appotntment is to be by both Senate and
President does not settle it, else every petty
postmaster and collector in the country must
be held to rank with embassadors, ministers,
and judges of the Supreme Court. What rule
determines whether the General-in-Chief an(l
all subordinate military officers are or are not
