1868..
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"Answer. Mr. Callaway and I were together.
" Question.. Did you go from Washington together?
Answer. No; he camo on after me. IwasinNew
York ten days before be arrived there.
" Quantum. Do you know how long the Postmaster
General had been m New York when this proposi-
tion was made to you by Mr. Piekrell?
''Answer. No, sir; I do not. I know he was there
all the time, that is all."
On pages 129 and 130, same report, John 1?. Piek-
rell, of 58 Wall street, New York, the person alluded
to by the two railroad presidents above, testifies as
follows:
" Question. You then utterly deny having at any
time told these railroad presidents you had peculiar
facilities for getting this increase?
AlAnswer. I certainly deny it. On the contrary, X
have invariably told them I had no means what-
ever, no knowledge, no acquaintances at Washing-
ton at all. I introduced.West to Gould, and then
took no further part; only listened to the conversa-
tion.
_ " Question. You have never told any railroad pres-
ident they had better settle the matter at once?
"Answer. Not that I have the slightest recollec-
tion of.
" Question. As an official of the Post Office Depart-
ment was then there?
"Answer. No,
" Question. That conversation never took place at
any time or place?
"Answer. I never had any conversation such as
you say.
"Question. Or similar to that?
"A n'-ytcrn:. No.
" Question. Had you a conversation last Septem-
ber with Mr. Brauner ?
_ "Answer. I do not recollect having any conversa-
tion with him last September.
_" Question. In which you told him $200 per mile for
single daily and $300 per mile for double daily could
be got, but that they would have to pay a commission
out of it; that that commission would be fifty dollars
a mile, and that the contract must go back to the
time the road was turned over by the Government,
and be for four years from that date: and you fur-
ther said, 'You will never get it done except you
make this arrangement, and you get your back pay
now, which is another inducement; and except you
make this arrangement you will never get your in-
crease of pay?
"Did you not, in the presence of Mr. Callawaynext
morning, renew this proposition to him, and in that
conversation say, 'it is important this thing should
be done right now, as there are parties in New York
interested in it, and in Washington, and the whole
thing can be finished right now?'
"Did you tell him half the money went to Wash-
ington and half of it stayed in New York; and that
the Postmaster General was there then, and the
whole thing could be arranged right now; that he
was hard pressed for money, and now was the time
to do it?
"Answer. I have not the slightest recollection of
any such conversation.
"Question. You would recollect it if you had it?
"Answer. Ithinkso. I haveneverinmylifespoken
to Mr. Randall.
" Question. Did you have this conversation in the
presence of Mr. Callaway?
"Answer. Mr. Callaway knew perfectly well that
Mr. Gould was the party.
" Question. Answer my question—did you or not?
"Answer. I have not the slightest recollection of
any such conversation.
" Question. You would recollect it if you had it?
"Answer. I think it vurv likely I should.
" Question. Do you not know it?
"Answer. No, sir: I do not know it. I could not
have mentioned Mr. Randall's name. I am quite
sure I never mentioned his name.
" Question. Could you have mentioned that half of
it was to go to Washington ?
"Answer. No, sir. Even if they put themselves m
a position to make a contract, the compensation was
uncertain. It was not fixed atall. They mightdraw
any inference they pleased; but I do not see how
they could fairly do it in my ease, because I told thein
I could accomplish nothing." _
Comment on this testimony is unnecessary. Suffi-
cient has been read to satisfy the committee that
further investigation should be had. The Com-
mittee on Southern Railroads respectfully pre-
sent the above facts to the' House for its considera-
tion, and ask that tho testimony taken before them
in regard to the facts presented be referred to some
other committee, the subject-matter herein men-
tioned not being germane to the subject referred to
them.
The adoption of the following resolution is there-
fore recommended:
fieaolved. That the Committee on
examine into the subject
of contracts by the Post Office Department for the
transportation of the United States mail, and report
to tho House of Representatives such facts as may
be deemed of importance, and particularly whether
or no there aro any evidences of corruption.
The committee shall be authorized to send for per-
sons and papers, and, when thought necessary by
tliem, may employ a clerk.
All testimony heretofore taken on. the subject
named is hereby referred to such committee.
J. W. McCLURG,
ULYSSES MEROUR,
II. D. WASHBURN.
JOHN W. 011ANLER,
PHILETCS SAWYER.
The question was upon the resolution ap-
pended to the report.
Mr. VAN" WYCK. Will the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. McCmjrg] yield to me a
moment, that I may move to fill the blank in the
resolution as reported by inserting "the Com-
mittee on Southern Railroads ?" It must strike
the House that this is by far the most appro-
priate committee. It has already examined
somewhat in detail into all this matter, and is
provided with all that is necessary to continue
this investigation. It has a clerk at its com-
mand.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. And a stenog-
rapher.
Mr. VAN WYCK. This committee has al-
ready investigated the facts to a considerable
extent, and has ascertained what further is
necessary to be done. I insist that this com-
mittee should be named in the resolution. It
is true that the testimony already taken may
be passed into the hands of another commit-
tee ; but we all know that no other committee
of tho House can continue this investigation
to its completion so judiciously, with so little
expense, and so satisfactorily to this body, as
the committee that has commenced the invest-
igation. I therefore move that the blank in
the resolution be filled by inserting "the Com-
mittee on Southern Railroads."
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. HcClueg] yield for that mo-
tion ?
Mr. McCLURG. Yes, sir j but I wish to
remark on behalf of the committee that we ask
to be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the subject. We prefer that the mat-
ter shall go to some other committee. I yield
for a moment to my friend from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Kelley,] who wishes to offer a substi-
tute for the motion of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Van Wyck.]
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, there is among
the committees of this House one to which this
business legitimately belongs. I have no ob-
jection to having the subject confided to the
Committee on Southern Railroads ; but that
committee has expressly reported a request to
be discharged from its consideration. I move,
therefore, to substitute for the com mittee named
by the gentleman from New York [Mr. Vax
Wyck] the Committee on Expenditures in the
Post Office Department. If any question prop-
erly belongs to that committee this question
does. It is a question as to the integrity of
the expenditures in the Post Office Depart-
ment. I can see no reason for raising and
maintaining a special committee to investigate
that which falls so directly within the line of
the duties of one of the standing committees
of the House. I hope, therefore, that my
motion will be adopted.
Mr. McCLURG. I now yield to my col-
league on the committee, the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Chanler.]
Mr. CHANLER. Mr. Speaker, I hope that
the motion of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Ivelley] will prevail; and I desire to
call for the reading of the resolution reported
by the Committee on Southern Railroads, that
the House may understand explicitly what is
the wish of the committee in this matter. The
reason has been stated in the report; but the
House may not have heard it. It is simply
that the duties of the committee at present
render it impossible for them to prosecute this
particular investigation as it should be con-
ducted. The appropriate committee is that
named in the motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. [Mr. Kelley.] Under the reg-
ular organization of the House this work prop-
erly belongs to that committee. Moreover, the
Committee on Southern Railroads has no
clerk; and an extra expense would be incurred
by the employment of one fo-r this particular
business. It is, therefore, in every way proper
that the motion of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania should be adopted.
Mr. McCLURG. I now yield three minutes,
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
O'Neill.]
Mr. O'NEILL. I hope the motion of my
colleague [Mr. Kelley] will be adopted, and
that this subject will be referred to the Commit-
tee on Expenditures in the Post Office Depart-
ment. This committee will have ample time
to consider the subject. I believe that during
this winter nothing has been referred to that
committee. I, as one of its members, would
bo delighted to take hold of this or any other
business properly coming within our jurisdic-
tion. Let that committee be made, if possible,
a prominent committee of thisHouse. I hope
the motion of my colleague will be adopted.
Mr. McCLURG. I yield for a moment to
the gentleman. from New York, [Mr. Van
Wyck.]
Mr. VAN WYCK. This is not a matter
legitimately belonging to the Committee on
Expenditures in the Post Office Department,
because the subject is not necessarily an
expenditure. Now, there are, I understand,
members of this select committee who have
time and are willing to assist in this investiga-
tion. I again submit that, as this committee
has already gone partly through the investiga*
tion and has ascertained a portion of the facts,
the continuation of the investigation should he
intrusted to its hands.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I trust
that the motion of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Van Wyck] will be adopted. It
seems to me we ought not to take this matter
away from the committee that has already had
charge of it. I trust the gentleman will
demand the previous question, so we may vote
on the question.
Mr. McCLURG. I yield now two minutes
to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farns-
worth,] chairman of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. PARNSWORTII. Mr. Speaker, I am
not very particular what committee this is re-
ferred to, but I suppose any committee to
which it may be referred will do it justice. It
seems to me, however, if it is to go out of the
hands of the committee which has made the
report, it should go to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads. The Committee
on Expenditures of the Post Office Department
is not the proper committee. It is the duty
of those committees to examine into the ex-
penditures of the several Departments and see
whether the expenditures have been made upon
sufficient vouchers. It is the duty of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads to
inquire into all matters appertaining to post
offices and post roads. This is a matter per-
taining to post offices and post roads. It is in
reference to a mail route and the carrying of
the mail.
Now, sir, while I am no great stickler in
reference to the committee of which I happen
to be a member, and have no great anxiety to
multiply my labors, still, it seems to me, the
standing committee is the proper one to take
the matter in charge if it is to go out of the
hands of the present committee. Therefore,
if it is not to be referred back to the Com-
mittee on Southern Railroads, I move it be
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman yield
for that motion ?
Mr. McCLURG. I do.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I submit it.
llr. McCLURG. I yield now to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding.]
Mr. SPALDING. I only rise for the pur-
pose of advocating the amendment of the
gentleman from New Y ork. This committee
has been diligently and faithfully employed in
the consideration of this question_ for many
months. It does not shrink from it. It was
only a matter of delicacy with them in not
filling the blank in the resolution with its own
name. It is willing to serve, and I hope the
House will not hesitate from referring it back
to the same committee.
Mr. McCLURG demanded the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
The SPEAKER stated the first question
