2320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
Mr. IvOI)j.JiSON. I raise this point of or-
dei. i erbaps I have not distinctly heard every-
thing that the Speaker read and said. But is
it m order for the gentleman from Illinois,
when a member is upon the floor, to take the
floor from him without his consent and raise
such a question as this ?
lhe SPEAKER. That is exactly what the
rule says.
.Mr. ROBINSON. I did not hear it dis-
tinctly, but I will not ask the Speaker to read
it again.
The SPEAKER. The construction of two
Congresses on appeals from the decision of
the Speaker has settled the question that this
point can he made when a member is upon the
floor, and must be made when the resolution
or report first comes before the House.
Mr. ROBINSON. Although I did not hear
the exact point, it that is the decision I am
content.
i he SPEAKER. The Chair "will state as a
matter akin to this that dining the morning
hour 011 Mondays members are authorized to
introduce bills and joint resolutions for refer-
ence, and yet in the Thirty-Ninth Congress it
was decided that this point could be made after
granting leave to a member to bring in a bill
for reference; and on the yeas and nays once
in the Thirty-Ninth Congress the House re-
fused to allow a member to introduce a bill at
the time k was presented. That case is akin
to this. I he question is '■ ill the House now
consider the resolution?''
Mr. 110B1N.S0N. Having been overruled,
i wish to avail myselfof all the privileges of
the House, and 1 demand the yeas and nays
Oil that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 18, nays 1)0, not voting
78 ; as follows :
YEAS—Mcssis. Archer, Book, Boyer, Caiy. Eld-
ryUje, (jlo^hrenncr, Hotrliki^, Johuson, Jones,
Mnugcn. jNiblaolt. Phelps. llohmson, Kitgroavus,
■vrVrrt; ktoue, Tuber, ami Van Trump—18.
i\ Ax<v-—Ajos;5rs. Atuort, Anderson, J)oloj> It. Ashley.
Jauips M. Ashley, Bailey, J* ker, Banks, Beaman,
Boauy, Lmnwvll, IJioomatl, Bucklund, Cako,
ivoaucr W.Olai ko, Cobb, Cobui n. Cook, (Jovode, (3m-
lorn, Daives. 1)1X011, Donnelly, Drigtrs, Eiraleston,
Jila, fclmt, liaiuswovtli, ]<Vni«, Gaiiieli), (Jiavcly,
Onswold, Ilarilitiit, Utgb.v, Hill, Hopkins Chester
B. Hubbard, llulbui'.l, Jwrei-ull, Jcuckas, Judd,
Kclsi'V, kcteliani, hoonti, Liiilin, Loan, Logan,
ljtmslindgo, Lvnoli, Jt.Ulory, Jlarvin, Alavnaid,
McCarthy, MxClurs:, Mrreur, Miller, Moore, Moor-
hen, h Morrell, Mulhns, Myers. O'Neill. Onli, I'm no,
J.hmt>, i'nee, itjiuin, Robertson,
m?' f! ' Spalding, i^taikwooih^r,
Xhtidaoua SLM'Gn«, Stokes Tallo, Taylor, John
irunb(<\ irowhi idgo, t> i-.nin, \ ;i n A on una, Burt, V an
llorn, llobert j, Vnu lion,, \\;iid, J-lilm 1], \\ras1i-
bunie, lloMvy J). W.^hhuvn, W iljiam IJ Washburn,
\V<-lker. William William?, James Jb\ WiUon, and
W iwlwn -93.
-NOT VOTIXG—"Mc^rs. Adams, Allison, Arnell,
Ax tell, Baldwin. Banio^, Barnuui, Bioysuwin )icn-
trm. Biwrhaiu. Blasne, Biaii, Boutwell, Brooks,Burr,
Bullcr, Oh an lor, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Cornell,
Dotlse, Lckley, JYi iy, Fields, Finney, Fox, Gctz,
iTolladay, (.«rover. Ilai^ht. llalsey.il aw kjn.s. Jlolman,
lloopor, Asahel W. llubba.d, Kiehaid 1). Ilnbbaid,
Humphrey, Hunter,_Juliau, Keliuy, Keir, Kitchen,
Knott, (*oorgo \. Lawrence, William Lawrence,
Lincoln, Marshall, MeConmck, McCulloch, .Mor-
gan, iVIorris.>ey, Keweomb, Nicholson. Nunn, Peters,
Poland, losley, Pomeroy, Tiuyn, Randall, Rud<.
Sawyer, Schcuck, Selye, Shellabarger, Aaron F.
btevens, inomas, Lawrence S. Trimble, Twichell,
Van Auk«n  Van Wyck, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Xiionms Uil ham*, John T. \V il?on, Sfcphon h\ Wil-
son, Wood, \\ oodbridge, and Woodward—78.
So the House refused to consider the reso-
lufion. j
Mr. \\ ASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to !
reconsider (ho vote justtakeu ; and also moved ,
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the ■
table. !
The latter motion was agreed to.
MANAGERS OF IMPEACHMENT.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of
privilege, and submit the following preamble
and resolution for consideration at lhe present
time:
Whereas there appeared in the Baltimore Amer-
ican newspaper of the loch of April, lS 3S, lhe fol-
lowing paiagraph :
*' General Sherman before the Managers.
*' Lieutenant General Sherman was before the im-
peachment managers for a considerable time, and
was very minutely examined in relation to his in- j
tcrvievvs with the President at the tiinoof the proffer i
of the War Department to him. It is understood .
that tho declination of General Butlt.k to pioceed ,
with the cross-examination of General Sherman •
> esterday was in view ot this preliminary examina.- '
tion oi General Sherman this morning." ]
And wijyreas " i'alse and scandalous reports of pro- !
ceediui-'s in this Ifoiusc"—" chnrges nffooling the O0i-
cial character ol its members," and " alleged combi- !
nationson thcpaitof eeitain momberp/'asquesKions !
°t high privilege, dciiiandthatsuch indeoentimpnta- !
tions as are contained in the above-recited paragraph i
upon tho ofiicial conduct ol ti>o honorable man- j
agcrs appointed by tho Houso of Keprcssentatives to i
conduct the trial of tho impeachment of the Presi- |
dent at the bar of the Senate of tho United Slates ;
should not he promulgated without proper action j
on tho purtof this Uouso to vindieato tho reputation i
of its olhcers and its own dignity: j
li<xofccd. That a eouuniltee oi three bo appointed j
to inquire into tho truth or falsity <>t theimputationd i
conveye<( in tho a hove-recited parairraph, with power ,
tosendfor person'* ami papois, and to report what |
action, U any.should lurther be taken in thepieiuises. j
Mr. "\YAK11B{TRNE, of ill inois. I rise lo ''
a question of order, that this is uot a question
of privilege.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will rule that,
this is not a question of privilege, and will
state his reasons. Although the gentleman j
from Maryland [Mr. Puei.ps] has noted upon I
his resolution references to pages 15-f and 105 i
of the Digest, which relate to questions of i
privilege, if he will examine the authorities '
there quoted he will find that the charges are I
not to he general charges. Jfa charge is made I
by a newspaper affecting the oilieial character i
of a member of this House, that would bo a ;
question of privilege. If an attack should be
made by the Ptdilio. Printer, and, the Clmir
would add, by the publisher of any paper, in
an article alleged to be for the purpose of in-
citing unlawful violence upon members, that
would be a privileged question, because re-
lating to the privileges of the House. If alleged
corrupt combinations oil tho part of certain
members were presented, those woidd be ques-
tions of privilege. But the corrupt combina-
tion must be charged, and the statement of
the corrupt combination ninu be incorporated
in tho resolution, in the extuicl which the
gentleman has quoted in his resolution, and
which the Chair will again read, upon which
extract the gentleman banes his demand that
this shall be considered a question of privilege,
it is stated that— '
T/iPutenant General Sherman was before the im-
liOHchiiicutnniimm'ia for a <-on^ia.-ra 1>!time, and
was very mnmhqy examined in relation to Jj js intcr-
views with the J'i cudcut at the time ot the plotter of
the U nr UoiMi-tMicnt to him. It is nndoratood that
the ducliniuion ofGoucr.il iiUTi.rii topioreod with
tho crose-exaniinatioii of Goiioia! Shernnni ve?Ur-
d.iy was in view of thii prclniimaty examination of
General bhormau tlii^ moiniiiK."
The Chair is unable to see how, oven by the
utmost stretching of the 1 ule, that could be con-
strued into a question of privilege. Until'the
gentleman from Maryland desires it the Chair
will submit the question to tho House whether
this is or is not a question of.privilege.
Mr. PHELPS. I would like to have that
question presented to the House, as in my
judgment it is clearly within the clause of the
, ru les relating to mat ters affecting the character
i of members. The paragraph quoted mentions
! one of the honorable managers byname, lie
, is said to have declined to cross-examine a wit-
; ness publicly before the.Senate and the country,
in order that he and his co-managers might
have an opportunity to cross-examine him pri- !
vately, without that publicity which would be j
had in a court of justice ; in other words, that, j
they might probe the witness and see whether '
it was safe lo venture upon a public cross-
examination of him.
Tho SPKAKEU. TheChair lias now heard
the gentleman fiorn Maryland, [Mr. PuiiLfs,]
and will decide against him on t-.vo grounds:
the first ground is that, in tho action quoted '
in this paragraph, the managers did exactly
what the House of Representatives instructed
them to do, when it authorized them to send
for persons and papers and take the testimony
of witnesses. That they had a perfect, right to
do. In the second place, if this proposition
could be entertained as a question of privi-
lege, the House of Representatives would or
could have resolutions upon questions of priv-
ilege before them every day, because piobably
not a day elapses without some newspaper in
the country making a general charge against
the Congress of the United States or some of
its members. These charges must be speeilic
charges. A general charge that some couduet
has been scandalous and unjust, the Chair will
rule, is not a question of privilege, unless the
gentleman from Maryland desires to have that
question submitted to the House.
Mr. PHliLPS. I would prefer to have the
decision of the.IIouse on the question.
The SPEAKER. In accoidance ivith the
request of the gentleman from Maryland, the
Chair will submit to the House the question,
" Will the House entertain this resolution as a
question of privilege?"
Mr. PHELPS. On that question I eali for
the yeas and nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were
—ayes fourteen, noes not counted.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 call for tellers on ordering
the yeas ami nays.
Tellers were not ordered; there being—ayes
fotnteen.
So tho yeas and nays were not ordered.
The vote being taken on tbequesiion, ''Will
the House entertain .the resolution as a ques-
tion of privilege? ' it was decided in the nega-
tive.
Mr. EL0K1DGE. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the House consider the resolution
and appoint the committee without any debate
upon the question.
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
SAFETY 01? STEAM TRAVEL.
Mr. JOHNSON, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. It. No. 1022) amendatory
of the tenth section of the actof July 2-3, 18ut>,
entitled ''An act to further provide for the
safety of the lives of passengers on board of
vessels propelled in whole or in part by steam,
to regulate the salaries of steamboat inspect-
ors, and for other purposes which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
00YUKNJU4NT CONTROL OP TELEGRAPHS.
Mr. JNG-ERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
VfcWiW, That the Committee on the Post Office
S   '! I °S 'V'e llero°y instructed to inyo-iointo
the ex .udiency of securing to the (i™rr..l fra-ern-
mcu t the oxeluHve contiol of all tcieL'i anhs wiunn
otherwise bt:LU's' aDtl Ulat they report' b% hill or
REPORT ON FREEDJIEN's AFFAIRS.
Mr PAINE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was re-
Printing'"' laW' '° tllG Comu3ittee on
the meiubers of the iioase of
EXTENSION OF FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
Mr. DHIOGS, by unanimous consent wl,.
nutted tne following resolution ; which "was
, read, considered, and agreed to :
i
Governments as sh^U o" tend hi-1 °4lbudl ''"cua
message from the pkesident
* aUd Notre S£ity;
