262
SUPPLEMENT TO
inferior officers? There is none. The Army
is a creature of law, and Congress has always
regulated it as it chose. Some of its officers
were placed under the control of the War De-
partment ; some minor ones even appointed
by the Secretary. Others were nominated to
and confirmed by the Senate. In point of fact,
however, officers of the Army are not regarded
as inferior officers, yet Congress has regulated
the whole Army system, imposing restraints
upon the President in many ways with regard
to it. The question came up in Mr. Monroe's
administration, and was discussed in his mes-
sage of April 12, 1822. (1 Ex. Journal, 286.)
The Senate disagreed with Mr. Monroe, and
held that Congress had the right to fix the
rule as to promotions and appointments as
well as to reductions in the Army, and that
this right had, to that time, never been dis-
puted by any President. It is true this was
claimed under the general power to make all
needful rules and regulations for the govern-
ment of the Army, but that clause of the Con-
stitution confers no more executive control
on Congress in respect to the Army than does
the clause which provides that Congress shall
establish post offices and post roads over the
manner of appointing postmasters.
Story says, (sec. 1637 :)
"As far as Congress possesses tho powor to regu-
late and delegate tho appointment of interior officers,
so far they may presenbo tho term of otlieo, tho man-
ner in which and the persons by whom tho removal
as well as tlio appointmout to office may ho made."
But, as we have seen, the clause of the Con-
stitution on this subject does not deliue who
are inferior officers, and docs not separate
them from other officers, with any view to give
Congress greater control over their tenure than
in other cases, we are brought back again to
my position, that there is no restraint upon
Congress to regulate tho tenure in the one case
more than the other.
The officers of the army then coming within
the class titled superior, as distinguished fiom
inferior, they are to be placed beside and are
to rank with embassadors, ministers, Cabinet
officers, &e., and if Congress is competent to
control the tenure of the one it is of the other.
Unfortunately for the consistency of the re-
spondent's special plea, he is on the record
against himself.
By the act of July 13, ISGti, section five, it is
provided that—
" No officer in the military or naval service ■shall,
in tiuio ot' poace, bo dismissed iroin seivice except
upon, and in pursuance ot, the sentence ot a eouit-
martial to that ©fleet or in commutation theieior."
Hero is a direct inroad upon the prerogative
of the President, as now bet up, and admits
the whole principle here contended for. W here
were the vigilant advisers of the President
when he approved the bill and made it law?
Was there no genius of executive prerogatives
near to whisper 44 Veto V" Was the facile logic
of the law officer of the President reserving
itself for this occasion?
But tliis principle of recognizing (he right or
power of Congress to legislate' as to how an
officer is to be displaced had tho sanction of
Mr. Lincoln in the act of February 2->, ISOo,
creating the office of Comptroller of the Cur-
rency. It provides as follows :
"He shah be appointed by the President, on the
nomination of the Secretary oi the Tre.isuiy, by and
with the advice and consent oi the Senate, and fhail
hold hi* office for the term of two ye}>r«5, unle^- sooner
removed by the PrcMdent, by and with the ml vice and
consent ot the Senate."
This is not a power recently claimed by Con-
gress. 1 have shown in another part of the
argument that many unsuccessful efforts were
made at different periods of our national his-
tory to pass laws similar to the present tenure
act, and they were supported by members of
ail shades of polities. Tho constitutionality
of such laws was not questioned, but the bills
always failed from executive influences brought
to bear upon Congress. Mr. Benton was an
earnest advocate of a tenure act limiting execu-
tive control over appointments and removals.
Mr. Ciay and Mr. Webster have left upon the
records oi the Senate arguments not only show-
ing the constitutionality of such laws, but giving
the most weighty reasons for passing them upon
the grounds of public policy and safety.
In 1835 a lengthy discussion occurred upon
an amendment offered by Mr. Clay to a pend-
ing bill which embraced every principle of the
present tenure act. I will be pardoned for
giving a condensed statement of the view taken
at that time by three Senators who partici-
pated in the discussion, as giving briefly the
whole argument upon this question. Mr. Clay
supported his position by the following argu-
ments, among others:
"It is legislative authority which creates the oflicc,
defines its duties, and may prescribe its duration. I
speak, of course, of offices not created by the Consti-
tution, but the law. The office corning into existence
by the will of Congress, the same will may provide
how and in what manner the office and officer shall
cease to exist. It may direct the conditions on which
he shall hold the office and when and how he shall
be dismissed. Suppose the Constitution had omitted
to prescribe ihc tenure of tho judicial oath, could not
Congress do it Y
" But the Constitution has not fixed the tenure of
any subordinate officers, and therefore Congress may
supply the omission. It would be unreasonable to
contend that although Congress, in pursuance of the
public good, brings the office and tho officer into be-
ing andassigns their purposes, yet the President has
a control over tho officer which Congress cannot reach
and regulate." '* * "Theprecedcnt
of 1789 was established in the House of Representa-
tives against the opinion of a large and able minor-
ity, and in the Senato by the casting vote of the Vice
President, John Adams. It is impossible to read the
debate which it occasioned without being impressed
with the conviction that tho just confidence reposed
in tho father of his country, then at the head of tho
Government, had great, if not decisive, inilucnee in
establishing it. Ithasncver, priortothe commence-
ment of the present Administration, been submitted
to the proecssot review." * A' * "No one
can carefully examine the debate in tho House ot
Keprosentatives m 1789 without being struck with
the supeiioiity of the aigumenton the side of the
minority, and the unsatisfactory nature of that of
the majority."'
Daniel Webster agreed with Mr. Clay in his
position in the following language used by him
on the occasion:
" 1 think, then, sir, that the power of appointment
naturally and necessarily includes the power of re-
moval where no limitation is expres-cd nor any
tenure but that at will declared. The power of ap-
pointment being conferred oa the President and
^ouate I think tho powerof removal went alongwith
it  and :-houtd have been re.ca i (led as apart of it, and
exercised by the same hands. I think the legislature
possesses (hepower ot regulating the condition, dura-
tion, qualification, and tenure of office in all eases
where the Con.-titution has made no expiess pio-
vision on the subject. I am, therefore, ol opinion
that it is competent for Congress to decide by law, as
one qualification of the team e of office, thn t. tho in-
cumbent shall remain in place till the Picsidont shall
remove him for reasons to be stated to the Senate.
And I am of opinion that this qualification, mild and
gentle as it is. will have some effect in ariesting the
evils which beset the progress of the Government
and seriously Uneaten it* future pionperity."
This view was sustained by Hon. Thomas
Ewing of Ohio :
" JNTr. Kwing spoke at length upon the question of
removal.-, maintaining that the Constitution does not
conier on thePresidout alone the power of remov al;
thatih amatter of legislative provision,subject to be
vested, modified, changed, or taken away at their
Mill; and l fit is not regulated at all by law, it rests in
the President, in conjunction with the Senate, as part
ot the appointing power."'
The respondent cannot, I think, find support
in any precedent or decision, or by any right
construction of the Constitution. What, then,
becomes of his reliance upon these in defense
of his willful violations of the act? He stands
convicted by his own confession. Did lie make
a mistake in his research, and did he innocently
misinterpret the Com-titution ? These mis-
takes and these innocent misinterpretations are
too serious to be thus condoned. To admit
them as a good defense would emasculate every
criminal law in the land, and leave all public
officers free to misinterpret statutes with im-
punity, an<]; no matter what the consequences,
they could shield themselves from punishment.
Mr. Johnson's pretended prototype, Jackson,
did not so understand the law. When the Senate
passed the resolution declaring his removal of
his Secretary of the Treasury, Mr. Duane, a
usurpation, Jackson regarded it as equivalent
to impeachment. In his protest to the Senate
he said—
" That the resolution docs not expressly allege that
the assumption ot power and authority which it con-
demns was intentional and corrupt, is no answer to
the preceding view of its character and effect. Tho
act thus condemned necessarily implies volition and
design in the individual to whom it is imputed, and,
being unlawful in its character, the legal conclusion
is, that it was prompted by improper motives, and
committed with an unlawful intent. The charge is
not of a mistake in the exercise of supposed powers,
but of the assumption of powers not conferred )}y the
Constitution and laws, but in derogation of both, and
nothing is suggested to excuse or palliate the turpi-
tude of the aet. In the absence of any such excuse
or palliation there is room only for one inference,
and that is, that the intent was unlawful and corrupt."
I cannot believe the respondent relies upon
this plea of innocent iutent as amounting even
to a shadow of defense. He not only took the
risk of construing the Constitution upon a ques-
tion not settled by any judicial decision, but he
did it in direct defiance of the solemn judgment
of this Senate 5 and he to-day defies this judg-
ment by denouncing the tenure act as uncon-
stitutional. But the accused says even if the
tenure aet be held constitutional, still he is
guiltless, because it does not apply to the case
of Mr. Stanton ; and this brings me to inquire—
Second. Dors the tenure act apply to the
present Secretary of War?
It is a new method of ascertaining the mean-
ing of a law, plain upon its face, by resorting
to legislative discussions, and givingin evidence
opinions of persons affected by the law. As a
matter of fact, it is well known the act was in-
tended to prevent the very thing Mr. Johnson
attempted in the matter of Mr. Stanton's re-
moval. I think this manner of defense will
not avail before this Senate. The law must
govern in its natural and plain intendment, and
will not be frittered away by extraneous inter-
pretation. The President in his veto message
admits substantially this construction.
The proviso docs not change the general pro-
visions of the act except by giving a more defi-
nite limit to the term of office, but the last para-
graph of the act puts the whole question back
into the hands of the Senate according to the
general intention of the act, and provides that
even the Secretaries are ''subject to removal
by and with tho advice and consent of the
Senate."
The act first provides that all persons hold-
ing civil offices at the date of its passage ap-
pointed by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate shall only be removed in the same
manner. This applies to the Secretary of War.
The proviso merely gives a tenure running with
the term of the President and one month there-
after. subject to removal by the advice and con-
sent of the Senate. The law clearly gives Mr.
Stanton a right to the office from the 4th of
March, ISG-j, till one month after the 4th of
March, I860, and he can only be disturbed in
that tenure by the President by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate.
Yet, although Mr. Stanton was appointed by
Mr. Lincoln in his first term, when there was
110 tenure to the office fixed by law. and con-
tinued by Mr. Lincoln in his second term, it is
argued that his term expired one month after
the passage of the tenure-of-office act, March
2, 1807, for the reason that Mr. Lincoln's term
expired at his death. This is false reasoning;
the Constitution fixe3the term of the President
at four years, and by law the commencement
of his term is the 4th of March. Will it be said
that when Mr. Johnson is deposed by a verdict
of the Senate that the officer who will succeed
him will serve for four years ? Certainly not.
Why? Because he will have no presidential
term, and will be merely serving out a part of
the unexpired term of Mr. Lincoln, and will
go out of office 4th of March, ISO1-), at the time
Mr, Lincoln would have retired by expiration
of his term, had he lived.
I give section ten of the act of March 1,1702,
which settles the question whether the term
ceases with the death or resignation of the Pres-
ident, which so clearly decides the matter and
settles it that no argument is necessary further
on the subject:
"81:0.10. And be it further enacted, That whenever
the offices of President or Vice President shall both
become vacant the Secretary oi State shall forthwith
cause a notification thereof to be made to the execu-
tive of every State, and shall also cause the same to
be publishedin at Icastoneof the newspapers printed
