3344
THE CdiSFGrRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
with politeness and kindness throughout the
length and breadth of the district, and jet it
is proposed to reject the choice of that district,
partly on tho ground of threats by rebels to
prevent discussion. Why, sir, it is notorious,
among Kentuckians at least, that that district
wis more strongly Union, more strongly for
the Government, and had more fighting men
in the Union Army than any other two districts
in the State, and had fewer fighting rebels than
any other district; and yet this man, who is the
choice of that district, is to be denied a seat
here ! Sir, I am not surprised at it. I am
prepared for it. Once before I witnessed a
vote here to strike down one of the proudest
sons of Kentucky. And to-day you arc again
going to hold an election for a member of Con-
gress from Kentucky ; to-day you are called
upon by the report of the committee to unseat
the choice of Kentucky, and to give the seat to
a man who has not received the votes of the
people of Kentucky, in violation of the laws
of Kentucky, and m opposition to the laws of
the United States. And for what? I hope
that gentlemen will pardon me for saying sim-
ply for partisan purposes, in my judgment.
Now, sir, I come to the law. The commit-
tee themselves reported that the contestant
was nut entitled to the seat. They said they
could not see how they could give him theseat;
nor could I. But a change has come over the
spirit of their dream. It seems, according to
the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Upson,]
that they have got up something in tile Mor-
gan and Delano case by which they are going
to elect him. There is not a single proposi-
tion in the Morgan and Delano case that can
by possibility come within a squirrel's jump of
any similarity with" this case, and yet one of
the members of the committee says that thing
in his report. Why? Are these men proven
to be deserters? In Morgan's case the men
were proven to be deserters from the Union
Army. They do not accuse these men of being
deserters in this case, but they accuse them of
being rebels and rebel sympathizers, and there-
fore they propose to reject their votes.
The gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Ursox]
elects Mr. McKee by 85G votes in his minority
report. Then the committee—I suppose, since
he must have joined with the others to make a
majority report; I do not believe there ever
was a majority of that committee in favor of
this proposition ; only four of them—they elect
him hy 10 votes. Now, how are you going to
reconcile the committee's count of 4G votes
with the count of the gentleman from Michigan
[Mr. Upx<im] of 850 votes? Or how is the
committee going to reconcile that with their
other report, that Mr. McKee is not entitled
to the seat at all? The report of Mr. Cook in
this case recommends "that Samuel McKee
was duly elected a member of Congress," not-
withstanding Young received nearly 1,500
majority.
This same committee, 2d December, 18G7,
in the case of Blakey vs. Golladay, where
Blakey was contending for his election as
against Hise upon the same grounds of McKee,
say:
"Ho tlien claimed that a comparison of the poll-
hooks of the several precincts showed that at the
election, which in the State ot Kentucky is viva voce,
but 2.'! of all the officers of election voted for him, ,
while '-li'■'! voted for Mr. llisc, and ->7 did not vote at ;
all. i
"The attention of the committee has not been called '!
to any provision in tho statutes of Kentucky pre-
scribing in what manner the several county coutts j
are todefme political parties andnseertain the exact
political iaith of each appointee, so as to enable them i
to comply with tho provisions of these statutes. j
Obviously they cannot resort to the poll-book of the
next election, the tests to which the claimant has
appealed to show that the statutes have been disre- j
yarded, for they are requued to make the appoint-
ments long before these poll-books have any exist-
ence. No poll-book of an election to be held after
the appointment is made can afford evidence to guide i
in making the appointment. If resort is to bo had >
to the poll-book ot the election next preceding the
appointment, to determine the political status of the ■
several appointees, then, for aught that appears in j
this case, those poll-books would show that status to ]
be what the law requires, for no evidence from these ]
Poll-books or elsewhere was offered to show how I
these several officers of election voted at the election j
nextpreceding their appointment. Ifpersonalknowl- 1
edge of the ,-olitical opinions of men on tho part of
county judges, or general political reputation, are to
be the guide in making the appointment of the offi-
cers of election, it is difficult to see in what manner
this committee could determine that the statute had
not been complied with in making the appointment.
It is sufficient, however, to say that there was no
offer of evidence that any such test was disregaided.
But the conclusion to which the committee arrived
has rendered unnecessary all speculation as to the
true construction or mode of administering the law
which it is claimed has been violated.
" If all that the memorialist claims in this respect
be admitted, namely, that in eleven out of the twelve
counties composing the district this law had not been
complied with, and that a non-compliance with it
renders null and void the election in those counties,
still it is the unanimous opinion of the committee
that no such icault as is claimed by the memorialist
—namely, his own election—would follow."
This? same committee on March 23, 1868,
made a report in this case, as reported by Mr.
McClukg, in which they say:
"After an examination of the testimony the com-
mittee are not willing to say that more than 752 ex-
rebel soldieis voted for Mr. Young. Of those 88 are
hereafter rejected in the entire vote of various pre-
cincts for other causes, which would reduce the vote
ofthe rebel soldiers to G66. But the committee, find-
ing that there is no law of Kentucky disfranchising
rebel soldiers, have pot been able to sec how those
votes can be rejected.
" The third point in contestant's noticc is substan-
tially the samo as the second. The fourth is, that in
a number of counties and precincts the freedom of
the election was violated, and Union men prevented
by reason of threats, intimidation, and force, from
casting their votes for him, (McKee.)
"The committeo fail to find this allegation sus-
tained by the testimony.
" The ninth relates to the freedom of the canvass;
and the committee are unable to find testimony to
sustain this allegation to such a degree as to justify
the rejection ol votes.
"The fifth and tenth aie veiy general, and require
no comment."
In less than three mouths afterward this
same committee, without even prelendingthat
they have any new facts or law in the premises,
now stultify themselves by overriding their
deliberately expressed opinion in other cases
as well as this, i respectfully ask how they
can reconcile this palpable inconsistency, and
I bespeak for them at the hands of others that
charity which I can scarcely lind the facts in
the case warrant in myself.
I will tell you my surmise about it. I do not
believe any member of the committee ever
wrote this last report. If I were a betting man,
which I am not, 1 would bet the whisky, which
you all say is agood Democratic drink, that no
member of that committee ever wrote that
report. Nay, further, if the truth weie known,
I believe it would turn out that the committee
are to-day ashamed of that report. The com-
mittee, through the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Cook,] say in this report:
"It appears perfectly clear to the committee that
persons who had been soldiers in the rebel aitnv had
no right to vote or to act as officers of election. They
had surrendered to the Government of the United
States upon the condition that each company or
regimental officer should sign a parole for his men,
and each man was allowed to return home, not to be
disturbed by United States authority so long as he
observed his parole and tho laws in force where he
resided."
Now, where do they find that? Where is
there any proof to that effect? It is a mere
assumption, without a particle of proof. They
go on and say—
"These men were especially excepted from the
amnesty proclaimed by the President May 29,1S65,
under the tenth exception, and there appeals to have
been no other act ot amnesty up to the time of this
election which could include them; they were paroled
prisoners of war."
Mr. Speaker, let us look at that a moment.
I believe that point has not been touched. I |
am very glad they have some respect for the I
amnesty proclamations of Andrew Johnson, j
evinced by their quoting from one. I am will- :
ing to go to them to show that these men were I
amnestied generally. I take you upon that
proposition and ask you to vote with me upon
this question. Now, in the amnesty proelama-
tion referred to, of May 29, 1865, President
Johnson says: i
"To the end, therefore, that the authority of the
(jovernment of the United States may be restored,
and that peace, order, and freedom may be estah- \
lished, I, Andrew Johnson, President of the United '
States, do proclaim and declare that I hereby grant
to all persons who have, dircetly or indirectly, pir- 1
ticipated m the existing rebellion, except as herein- i
after excepted, amnesty and pardon, with restoration
to all rights of property, except as to slaves, and ex-
cept in cases where legal proceedings, under the laws
of the United States providing fur the confiscation of
property of persons engaged in rebellion, have been
instituted."
Remember that the question of suffrage or
citizenship is not in that exception at all. It
relates to property alone. But I will waive
that and pass to another of Mr. Johnson's
proclamations. Here is one issued on August
20, 18G6. Remember that was previous to the
election when Judge Young was elected, whh h
was in May, 1867. I ask your attention to it
because I believe it is the crowning point of
this argument. I believe it goes directly to the
gravamen of this whole issue, and throws it
back to the State authority of Kentucky. The
President, in this proclamation of August, says:
"And I do further proclaim tliatthesaid insurrec-
tion is at an end, and that peace, order, tranquillity
and civil authority now exist in and throughout the
whole of the United States of America."
The question of whether Congress has the
power to disfranchise rebels of Kentucky or
any other loyal State has been lugged into
this debate as a make-weight, to influence the
minds of the majority of this House by an
appeal to a favorite hobby of the power of Con-
gress. In reply, I say Congress has the power,
and I am constrained to say will, to do auy
wrong almost; and we of the minority, with the
Constitution itself, must bleed withal, as long
as the statute-books retain unrepealed and
unchallenged that particular wrong. But this
is not the question. Congress so far has not,
directly or indirectly, passed any law touch-
ing the right of suffrage in loyal States, hut
still recognizes the right of States to regulate
that ill their own way. In the absence of any
congressional law upon the subject we naturally
fall back upon the State law.
Now, in what condition do you find these
rebel soldiers after those proclamations ? I
lay down this proposition to start with : I con-
tend that not a single solitary rebel in Ken-
tucky is this day disfranchised from voting at
all by the statute law of that State. I maintain
that the veriest rebel in Kentucky, who fought
during the whole war or quitted beiore it was
ended, right or wrong by law, has to-day the
same right to vote in Kentucky that I have or
that Mr. McKee has. Now, the person who
wrote this report must have known better ;
indeed I am warranted in saying that the com-
mittee knew better, for I myself, when my
own case was pending before that committee,
showed them the law of 1805, and read it to
thein. And yet they come here now and refer
to the law of 1802.
[Here tho hammer fell.]
Mr. COOK obtained the floor.
Mr. GOLLADAY. I ask for ten minutes
more.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the gentle-
man's time be extended for ten minutes. He
yielded ten minutes of his time to thegentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Kerb] at the suggestion of
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Cook.]
_ Mr. COOK. I object; and demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE, He gave ten minutes of
his time to the gentleman from Indiana.
_ Mr. COOK. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. ELDKIDGE, I rise to a question of
order. The Chair did not deduct the time that
the messages from the Senate took up in their
reception.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Bout-
well in the cliair.) The Chair sustains the
point of order, and allows the gentleman from
Kentucky five minutes additional.
Mr. GOLLADAY. I thank the Chair and
my friend from Wisconsin.
Now, sir, let me read an extract from the
very last report in this case, that of the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Cook.] He says:
"It appears perfectly clear to the committee that
persons who had been soldiers in the rebel army had
no right to voteor to act as officers of election. Thev
had surrendered to ;,he Government of the United
States upon the condition that each company or regi-
mental officer should sign a parole for his men, and
