1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8345
each man was allowed to return home, not, to be dis-
turbed by the United States authority so long as he
observed his parole and the laws in force where he
resided. These men were especially excepted from
the_ amnesty proclaimed by the President May 2D,
1865, under the tenth exception, and there appears
to have been no other act ot amnesty up to the time
of this election which could include them. They were
paroled prisoners of war. No reason occurs to the
committee why these men should be allowed to vote
which would not apply with equal force to them
while actually in the field against the Government.
The only difference which appears is, that they had
now been captured; their object, aim, and intent,
whether in fighting or voting,was manifestly to destroy
the Government. It seems absurd to say that it was
a patriotic duty to kill them while they were m arms
against the Government to prevent the destruction
of the Government by them, and at the same time
wholly illegal to refuse to allow them to accomplish
the same result by their votes. The whole plan of
reconstruction by Congress, as also the plan of re-
construction proposed in the proclamations of the
President, has proceeded upon the assumption that
those who had renounced their allegiance to the
Government and fought against it have forfeited
their right to vote."
Where is there any law for that? I deny
the whole of that statement. There is not a
particle of law for it whatever anywhere within
my knowledge. That is a misstatement of fact,
not intentional, I hope, but nevertheless a mis-
statement. They refer to what is well known
in Kentucky as the disfranchising law. I sub-
mit not only that this report is erroneous, but
that it is directly at war with the position taken
by the committee itself. I put the decision of
the committee to-day against the decision of the
committee three months ago. Here is the
law, the disfranchising act of March 1, 1802:
An act to amend section one, article three, chapter
thirty-two, title " Elections," of the llevised
Statutes.
Be it enacted by the General Assembly of the Common-
wealth of Kentucky, That hereafter, so long as there
aietwo distinct political parties in this Common-
wealth, the sheriff, judges, and clerk of election, m
all eases of election by the people under the Consti-
tution and laws of the United States, and under the
constitution and laws of Kentucky, shall be so se-
lected and appointed as thatoneot the judgesateach
place of voting shall be of one political party, and
the other judge of the other or opposing political
party; and that alike difference shall exist at each
place of voting between the sheriff and clerk of elec-
tions; Provided, That there be a sufficient number
of the members of each political party resident in
the beveral piecincts as aforesaid to fill said offices.
And this requirement slial i he. observed by all officers
of this Commonwealth who have the power to ap-
point uny of the aforesaid officers of election, under
the penalty of fine of §100 for cach omission, to be re-
covered by presentment of the grand jury.
March 15,1862.
An act to amend an act entitled "An act to amend
bection one, article three, chapter thirty-iwo, title
' Election.' of the llevised Statutes," approved Feb-
ruary 11, 1S53.
Section 1. That in construing the act approved
February 11, 1838, to which this is an amendment,
those who have engaged in the rebellion for the over-
throw of the Government, or who have in any way
aided, counseled, or advised the separation ot Ken-
tucky from the Jb'edeial Union by iorce of arms, or
adhered to those engaged in the effort to separate
her from the Federal Union by force of arms, shall
not be deemed one ot the political parties m this
Commonwealth within the provisions of the act to
which this is an amendment.
Sec. 2. This act to take effect from and after its
passage.
There the committee stopped. They knew
no other law, or for reasons satisfactory to them-
selves they saw fit to cite no other law. I pro-
pose to read another law, passed December
14, 1865, by the Kentucky Legislatuie ;
"Thatthe act entitled 'Anactto amend the fifteenth
, chapter of the llevised Statutes entitled 'citizens,
expatriation, and aliens" passed March 11,1862,bo,
and the same is hereby, repealed; and all persons
who may have lost any constitutional, legal, or other
n"ht or privilege by the operation of said act shall
be and are hereby, restored to the full and free use
and enjoyment of the same, as completely as if said
act had nevei been passed.
"Sec. 2. Ami be it further enacted, Thatthis act shall
be in force ironi its passage, and may bepleadinbar
ot any prosecution or any indictment or other penal
pioceedinga growing out ot said act.
Aguiu, I refer to an act passed January 13,
1800, entitled 11 An act to pardon all persons
who have heretofore committed the^crime ot
t:eason against this Commonwealth:"
"Whereas the power to pardon persons who have
committed treason against this (Jommonweath is, oy
the constitution, vested solely in theUeneral Assem-
^ l!itnacUdby the General Assembly of the Common-
wealth of Kentucky, That all persons who have at any
40th Conu. 2d Sess,—No. 210.
time heretofore committed the offense or crime of
treason against the said Commonwealth be, and they
are hereby, pardoned and absolved from all the pains
and penalties thereto attached.
" Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That ar\y person
heretofore indictedior such offense in any ot thecourts
of this State may plead this act in bar of further
prosecution of such indictment."
Now, I submit if there be a single, solitary
elector in the ninth district of Kentucky who,
by the act of the Kentucky Legislature, or by
any act of the Federal Government, is not enti-
tled to vote, that Andrew Johnson himself lias
proclaimed universal amnesty and restoration
to all such.
And here I rest the case, in the hope that
though you do emasculate the State of Ken-
tucky further by depriving Mr. Young of his
seat on this floor, as noble, gallant, and glo-
rious a representative as ever sat in this Hall,
you will not insult Kentucky by foisting upon
her by your vote a man whom she spumed and
repelled at the polls, and against whose repre-
sentative of her sentiments as one of Ken-
tucky's humblest representatives on this floor,
in her name and in the name of liberty and
justice, I enter my most solemn protest.
message from tim senate.
A message was received from the Senate,
by Mr. Goriiam, its Secretary, notifying the
House that that body had agreed to the amend
ment of the House to Senate bill No. 450,
relative to filing reports of railroad companies.
It further announced that the Senate had
passed bills of the following titles; in which
the concurrence of the House was requested:
An act (S. No. 175) for the relief of Joseph
McGhee Cameron and Mary Jane Cameron,
minor children of La Fayette Cameron, de-
ceased ;
An act (S. No. 232) for the relief of Henri-
etta Nolles;
An act (S. No. 238) granting a pension to
Carrie E. Burdett;
An act (S. No. 434) for the relief of Eliz-
abeth Barker, widow of Alexander Barker,
deceased;
An act (S. No. 456) for the relief of Syl-
vester Nugent;
An act (S. No. 457) granting a pension to
Elizabeth J. Miller, widow of General John
Miller;
An act (S. No. 494) granting a pension to
Elizabeth Steepleton, widow of Harrison W.
Sieepleton, deceased;
An act (S. No. 495) for the relief of Henry
Reens;
An act (S. No. 496) granting a pension to
Riley H. Smith ;
An act (S. No. 497) for the relief of Cath-
arine Wands;
An act (S. No. 498) granting a pension to
Anna M. Howard;
An act (S. No. 499) granting a pension to
the widow and child of Martin Whitt, deceased :
An act (S. No. 500) granting a pension to
Lucmda R. Johnson;
An act (S. No. 501) granting a pension to
Harriet W. Pond;
An act (8. No. 510) granting a pension to
Julia Whistler;
An act (S. No. 517) granting a pension to
the widow and children of Henry Brown;
An act (S. No. 518) granting a pension to
the widow and child of John P. Fetty ;_
An act (S. No. 519) granting a pension to
Mrs. Emma M. Moore ;
An act (S. No. 520) granting a pension to
Martha Stout;
An act (S. No. 521) granting a pension to
the children of William M. Wooten, deceased;
An act (S. No. 545) granting a pension to
Hannah Cook;
An act (S. No. 54G) for the relief of Jane
M. Murray ;
An act (S. No. 547) granting a pension to
John Sheets;
An act (S. No. 548) granting a pension to
Amanda Stackhouse and children of Parkes
J. Stackhouse, deceased ; and
An act (S. No. 549) granting increase of
pension to Catharine Bckhardt.
ORDER O? BUSINESS.
_ Mr. COOK. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. MTJNGBN. I move that the House
adjourn.
The question being put on the motion to
adjourn, there were—ayes 25, noes 69; no
quorum voting.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will order
tellers.
Mr. UPSON. Is it necessary to have a
quorum ?
Mr. MUNGEN. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. The gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Trimble] wishes to make a
speech on this question, which he is now pre-
pared to make. I hope the House will allow
him the opportunity.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. I hope the
gentleman from Illinois will not press the pre-
vious question now, but will let me have thirty
minutes on Monday. This is an important
question.
Mr. COOK. It is apparent that I cannot
press this question on Monday after the tax
bill comes up, and I must, therefore, insist on
the previous question.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. I hope the
gentleman will consent that I shall have an
opportunity to express my views on this ques-
tion. 1 have not troubled the House often.
Mr, ELDR1DGE. The gentleman from
Kentucky will be satisfied with thirty minutes.
The SPEAKER. It is proposed by the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Cook,] as the Chair
understands, that the discussion shall continue,
but that by unanimous consent the previous
question shall be understood to be seconded at
the close of this day's session.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will that require the
gentleman from Kentucky to make his speech
this evening?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. ELDIUDGE. Then I object.
Mr. BECK. I desire to know if the House
will grant me leave to publish my views on this
ease ?
There was no objection, and the leave was
granted.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. After a ses-
sion of five hours I do not feel like inflicting
on the House a speech at this time. I would
like to have time on Monday morning.
Mr. COOK. I have promised partof my time
to the gentleman's colleague, [Mr. Adams.]
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. By general
consent there will still be an opportunity to
have the vote taken on this question before the
tax bill comes up.
Mr. JONES. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Illinois what pressing necessity
there is to demand the previous question this
day on this case? it has occupied the com-
mittee for four or five months, and now we have
had but two hours, discussion upon it. There
are other gentlemen here from Kentucky who
would like to say a word ou this case.
Mr. MULLINS. And Tennessee wants to
say something.
Mr. JONES. It is a great question affect-
ing the sovereignty of the States, and I say it is
unfair, improper, and unmanly to demand the
previous question ou it. [Cries of " Order! "
"Order!"]
Mr. COOK. The tax bill comes up on Mon-
day.
Mr. ROBINSON. I move that the House
adjourn ; and on that motion 1 demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. UPSON. I rise to a question of order.
Has there been any action in the House since
I a motion to adjourn was voted down ?
| The SPEAKER. That motion was with-
i drawn.
Mr. ROBINSON. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will not the gentleman
from Illinois consent that the gentleman from
, Kentucky [Mr. Thimble] shall speak tor thirty
jl minutes ou Monday morning? There is no
li disposition to occupy the time of the House.
