1B68.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1297
sion-rolls, subject to the provisions and limit-
ations of the pension laws, the name of Amos
Witham. father of Amos 0. Witham, late a
member of company A, thirtieth regiment
Maine volunteers, commencing z^ug'ast 3,18G4.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 call for the reading of
the report.
The report was read. It states that Amos
O. Witham was a private in company A, thir-
tieth Maine volunteers. He died at Natchez
on the 3d of August, 1864, leaving neither wife
nor children. His father has made applica-
tion to the pension department for a pension,
and has been refused, that department ruling
that inasmuch as at the death of the soldier
he left a mother living the father has no claim
to a pension on his account. Mrs. Witham,
the mother of the deceased soldier, has since
died, and the father is still refused a pension
by the pension department. Believing the
evidence of dependence sufficient, the com-
mittee recommend the passage of the accom-
panying bill.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. POLSLEY moved to reconsider tlie
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
ERASTUS KINSEL.
Mr. POLSLEY, from the same committee,
also reported a bill (H. R. No. 775) granting
a pension to the widow andjninor children of
Erastus Kinsel; which was read a first and
second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at length. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to place on the peti-
sion-rolls, subject to the provisions and limita-
tions of the pension laws, the names of the
widow and minor children of Erastus Kinsel,
late a private in company A of the one hun-
dred and twenty-fifth regiment of Pennsylvania
volunteers, commencing April 7, 1803.
The report was read. It states that Christine
Kinsel is the widow of Erastus Kinsel, late a
private in company A, one hundred and twenty-
fifth regiment Pennsylvania volunteers. Eras-
tus Kinsel was wounded at Antietam, and in
consequence of the severity of his wounds he
obtained a furlough to return home until his
recovery. Upon recovering from his wounds
be was attacked with small-pox and died. It
is testified by several physicians of good stand-
ing that had it not been for the reduced con-
dition of his system in consequence of his
severe wounds he would probably have recov-
ered. The committee accordingly recommend
the passage of the accompanying bill.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. POLSLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ZEPHANIAH KNAPP.
Mr. MILLER. I ask unanimous consent to
report a bill from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions and of the War of 1812 lor
action at this lime.
No objection was made.
Mr. MILLER accordingly reported a bill
(H. R. No. 77fi) granting a pension to Zepha-
niah Knapp, of Luzerne county, Pennsylvania;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at length. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
Zephaniah Knapp on the pension-rolls, at the
rate of eieht dollars per mouth, to be com-
puted from the 1st day of January, lbG/, and
continued during his natural life.
Mr. MILLER. Mr. Speaker, I will say, m
40TH CoNth 2D BUFS.—"No. 82.
explanation of this bill, Zephaniah ICnapp was
a soldier in the war of 1812 with Great Britain.
He was a private in Captain Caleb Wells's
company of New York infantry, and in an
engagement near Dead Creek, in the latter
part of September, 1814, in a retreat to Platts-
burg, State of New York, Mr. Knapp received
four wounds—two on the right arm, one in the
hand, and one through the thigh—since which
time he has almost lost the use of his right
arm and is very poor. The reason he has not
long since been placed on the pension-roll is,
that by some mistake the muster-roll on which
his name was inscribed has not been returned.
He, however, satisfied the Department of his
service, as he was granted his land warrant
under the provisions of the act of Congress of
1855, giving land to soldiers of the war of 1812,
&c. The old man is now of the advanced ago
of near seventy-seven years. The evidence is
clear that he performed his duty to his country
faithfully in the Army and was wounded in the
line of duty, and justice demands that the relief
provided in the bill should be granted, which
is a pension of but eight dollars per mouth
during his natural life, to be computed from
the 1st day of January, 18G7. I trust there
will be no opposition to this meritorious claim.
I now, Mr. Speaker, demand the previous ques-
tion.
The report was read. It states that upon care-
ful examination by the committee it appears
that Zephaniah Knapp was a private in Cap-
tain Caleb Wells's company of twenty-third reg-
iment New York infantry, in the war of 1812,
with Great Britain, lie having entered as a vol-
unteer about the 1st ol August, 1814, at Warren,
Warren county, New York, for the war; that
in an engagement with the enemy at or near
Dead Creek, in the latter part of September,
1814, on the retreat to Plattsburg, he received
four wounds—two in the right arm, one in the
hand, and one through the thigh—since which
time he has been, in a great measure, an in-
valid; that, in consequence of the wounds
received as aforesaid, he is now almost entirely
deprived of the use ol his light arm; that he
is now about seventy years old, and very poor;
that the reason his name was not placed on the
pension-rolls, under existing law, on account
of wounds received in the service of his coun-
try, seems to be that by mistake his name was
omitted upon the muster-roll; that the Depart-
ment must have been satisfied that he rendered
military service, as he was granted his land
warrant under the law giving land warrants to
the soldiers of the war of 1812.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MILLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NATURALIZATION7 OF ALIEN SAILORS, ETC.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported back a bill (II. R.
No. GIG) extending the prowsions of the act,
of July 17, 18(52, relating to the naturalization
of soldiers, to those who enlisted m the naval
and marine service ot tlie United States.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
provisions ot the twenty-first scction ot the act
of July 17, 18(52, relating to the naturaliza-
tion of soldiers, be extended to those who
enlisted in the naval and marine service of the
United States.
Mr. MILLER. I will state that, by an act
approved July 17, 1802, it was provided m the
twenty-first section that "any alien of the age
of twenty-ouo years and upward, who has en-
listed or shall enlist in the armies of the
United States, either the regular or the volun-
teer forces, and has or shall be hereafter hon-
orably discharged, may be admitted to become a
citizen of the United States, upon his petition,
without any previous declaration of his inten-
tion to become a citizen of the United States,
and that he shall not be required to _ prove
more than one year's residence within the
United States previous to his application to
become sueh citizen; and tha,t. the court ad-
mitting such alien shall, in addition to such
proof of residence and good moral character,
as is now provided by law, be satisfied by
competent proof of such person having been
honorably discharged from the service of the
United States, as aforesaid."
In that act provision for those who were in
the naval and marine service was, by some
inadvertence, omitted; and the objeot of this
bill is to put those who served in the Navy on
the same footing as those who served in the
Army.
Mr. PIKE. Will the gentleman permit me
to ask one question ?
Mr. MILLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. PIKE. I would like to inquire how
this bill came before the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
Mr. MILLER. The bill was presented and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Although the bill does not strictly relate to
pensions it was thought preferable to refer it
to this committee, as thereby the bill would be
sooner readied.
Mr. PIKE. I will state that the Committee
on Naval Affairs, to which this bHl properly
belongs, now has before it a proposition to the
same effect as that now pending. How, .under
the rule constituting the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, that committee can properly have
jurisdiction of a bill to provide for the natu-
ralization of sailors I do not understand.
Mr. MILLER. This bill simply proposes to
extend to those in the naval and marine ser-
vice the same provision that was extended to
those who served in the Army. There cer-
tainly cannot be any objection to this propo-
sition. These two classes ought certainly to
be placed upon the same footing. If the bill
is such a one as ought to be passed itmakes no
difference, I presume, whether it be reported
from the Committee on Invalid Pensions or
the Committee on Naval Affairs. It is just as
good coming from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions as coining from the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. PIKE. I do not object to the object of
the bill at all; I only want to know by what
powers it happens to come from the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. MILLER. It was referred to that com-
mittee by the gentleman who introduced it.
Mr. UPSON. I see the bill makes provision
applying to all persons who enlisted in the ser-
vice. It does not say they shall have served
or been honorably discharged. I think it is
more liberal than the gentleman intends.
Mr. MILLER. The bill only confers, the
same privilege upon the persons named as are
conferred upon those by the law in reference
to the Army.
Mr. UPSON. The other act provides for
servicc and honorable discharge.
Mr. MILLER. So it is here.
Mr. UPSON. No, sir. It says enlisted, and
! does not provide for lioiion^ble discharge.
Mr. MILLER. Well, I will let the amend-
ment be offered to remove that objection.
Mr. ELIOT. I think the gentleman from
Pennsylvania is right when he says this does
not extend the provisions of the present law to
sailors beyond what are now allowed to hon-
orably discharged soldiers to become natural-
ized. It is equally necessary that these sailors
shall have all the requisites contemplated in
the present law for soldiers. I do not think
the amendment of the gentleman from
igan is called for, as it seems to me the bill is
now sufficiently well guarded. ^
Mr. PAINE. If the gentleman will yiejdto
me for a moment I beg leave to say I differ
from my friend from Massachusetts as to the
purport of the bill on this point. The most
that can be said is that the bill is open to the
construction the gentlemen puts upon it, but it
is clearly open to the other construction, be-
