3346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
Mr. COOK. I want to say to the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Thimble] that I have
already promised thirty minutes of my closing
hour to his colleague, [Mr. Adams ;] and thirty
minutes ought to be reserved for those who
shall defend the other side of the proposition.
That seems to me to be right and reasonable.
Mr. ELDPJDGE. I understand a propo-
siiion to have been made that Judge Trimble
i,iay go on to-night for thirty minutes. Now I
propose that by unanimous consent he shall be
allowed thirty minutes on Monday morning,
not to come out of the hour of the gentleman
from Illinois; and that then the previous ques-
tion shall be considered as seconded.
Mr. COOK. I am perfectly willing that the
gentleman from Kentucky shall have any time
that the House will allow him, if it is not to
come out of my time.
Mr. GARFIELD. Will it be understood,
then, that at the end of J udge Trimble's thirty
minutes the previous question will operate?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That is understood.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the House the condition of business, which, of
course, accumulates toward the close of the
session. After the morning hour on Monday
(he first business in order will be the consid-
eration of the motion to reconsider the vote
rejecting the report of the committee of con-
ference on the bill removing political disabili-
ties. That, unlike other business, can be taken
up and acted on at any time, whatever else may
be before the House. It is the only character
of business that can be taken up when other
business is being transacted, being highly privi-
leged. The motion to reconsider will come up
immediately after the morning hour. When
that shall have been disposed of, if the pre-
vious question should not be operating at the
adjournment to-night, this election case will
then be resumed; but if the Committee of
Ways and Means should demand the floor,
they will be entitled to it under the order of
the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
that the morning hour of Monday be dispensed
with.
Mr. HARDING. I object.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask unanimous con-
sent that thehourof meeting Monday be eleven
o'clock a. m. instead of twelve o'clock.
The SPEAKER. That would require unan-
imous consent. Is there any objection?
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope there will be no
objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no ob-
jection, and that, will be the order.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
Several Members. The objection is too
late.
Mr. HARDING. I will withdraw my objec-
tion to dispensing with the morning hour of
Monday.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. I renew the
objection.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made,
the morning hour of Monday will not be dis-
pensed with.
Mr. PRHYN. I ask unanimous consent
that the House meet at half past six o'clock
' Monday morning and adjourn for the day at
eleven o'clock.
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman can come
here as early as he pleases.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from New
York' [Mr. Pruyjj] asks unanimous consent
thatlhe House meet at half past six o'clock
on Monday morning and adjourn for the day
at, eleven o'clock. Is there objection ?
Objection was made by several members.
The SPEAKER. Then the hour of meeting
' will be eleven o'clock.
ill-. SPALDING. How can that bo?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's col-
league j .Mr. Garfield J asked unanimous con-
sent that the hour of meeting on Monday next,
be eleven o'clock.
Mr. SPALDING. And I objected.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asked if there
was any objection, and-hearing none, said that
there was no objection.
Mr. SPALDING. I certainly objected.
The SPEAKER. The Chair heard the gen-
tleman make an objection after the announce-
ment.
Mr. SPALDING. I certainly objected before
any announcement was made.
Mr. GARFIELD. I was listening for objec-
tions and I heard none.
Mr. SPALDING. I say I did object.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman states
fliat he made his objection in time, before the
Chair made the announcement, of course the
Chair will entertain the objection.
Mr. SPALDING. I certainly did object,
both before and after the announcement.
The SPEAKER. Then objection being
made, the hour of meeting on Monday will be
twelve o'clock m.
Mr. ROBINSON. I move that the House
now adjourn.
Mr. GARFIELD. Is it in order to move
that the House now take a recess until eleven
o'clock Monday morning?
The S PE AKER. The gentleman from Now
York [Mr. Robinson] has moved that the
House now adjourn, and the motion to adjourn
takes precedence of the motion to take a recess.
Should the motion to adjourn be withdrawn or
voted down, then a motion for a reces-s would
be in order.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw his motion to adjourn, so that I may
submit a motion for a recess.
Mr. ROBINSON. I will withdraw the
motion to adjourn.
Mr. GARFIELD. I now move that the
House take a recess until eleven o'clock on
Monday morning, with the understanding that
after this case has been resumed for a half an
hour the previous question shall be considered
as ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to ask a
parliamentary question of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order,
but the Chair will answer a parliamentary
question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the House shall
take a recess until eleven o'clock on Monday
morning, will any business set down for con-
sideration on Monday come up before twelve
o'clock?
The SPEAKER. It will not.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Then what will be
the advantage of taking a recess until that
time?
Tho SPEAKER. The session of to-day,
and the consideration of the business pending
at the time the recess is taken will be resumed
at eleven o'clock and continued until twelve
o'clock, when the session ofMonday will begin.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have no objection
to that.
The question was then taken on the motion
of Mr. Garfield for a recess until eleven
o'clock a. m. on Monday next; and upon a
division there were—ayes 84, noes 15.
So the motion was agreed to ; and accord-
ingly (at live o'clock and five minutes p. m.)
the House took a recess until eleven o'clock
a. in. on Monday next.
AFTER TIIE RECESS.
The House at eleven o'clock a. m. [Monday.
.Tune 22, 1803] resumed its session of Satur-
day.
DAVID VAN NOKDSTKAND.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
took from the Speaker's table the amendment
of the Senate to House bill No. 455, granting
a pension to David Van Nordstrand.
The amendment of the Senate provided that
the pension should commence on the ''9th of
October, 18G4," instead of "from and utter
the passage of this act."
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. BLAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was concurred in ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ASSISTANT LIBRARIAN.
Mr. BLAINE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution: which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho Committee on Appropriations
is hereby directed to include in the defieicncy bill
a provision fixing the salary of the Assistant Libra-
rian in charge of the Hall Library the same as that
paid to the file, printing, and enrolling clerks.
Mr. BLAINE moved t,o reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PENSION BILLS REFERRED.
The following pension bills from the Senate
were, by unanimous consent, taken from the
Speaker's table, severally read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions:
An act (S. No. 175) for the relief of Joseph
McGheo Cameron and Mary Jane Cameron,
minor children of La Fayette Cameron, de-
ceased ;
An act (S. No. 2S2) for the relief of Henri-
etta Nolles;
An act (S. No. 238) granting a pension to
Carrie E. Burdett;
An act (S. No. 434) for the relief of Eliz-
abeth Barker, widow of Alexander Barker,
d6C6(lSG(i *
An act (S. No. 456) for the relief of Syl-
vester Nugent;
An act (S. No. 457) granting a pension to
Elizabeth J. Miller, widow of General John
Miller;
An act (S. No. 494) granting a pension to
Elizabeth Steepleton, widow of Harrison W.
Steepleton, deceased;
An act (S. No. 495) for the relief of Henry
Reens;
An act (S. No. 496) granting a pension to
Riley H. Smith;
An act (S. No. 497) for the relief of Cath-
arine Wands;
An act (S. No. 498) granting a pension to
Anna M. Howard;
An act (S. No. 499) granting a pension to
the widow and child of Martin Whitt, deceased ;
An act (S. No. 500) granting a pension* to
Lucinda R. Johnson;
An act (S. No. 501) granting a pension to
Harriet W. Pond;
An act (S. No. 510) granting a pension to
Julia Whistler;
An act (S. No. 517) granting a pension to
the widow and children of Henry Brown;
An act (S. No. 518) granting a pension to
the widow and child of John P. Fctty;
An act (S. No. 519) granting a pension to
Mrs. Emma M. Moore;
An act (S. No. 520) granting a pension to
Martha Stout;
An act (S. No. 521) granting a pension to
the children of William M. Wooten, deceased ;
An act (S. No. 545) granting a pension 10
Hannah Cook;
An act (S. No. 546) for the relief of Jane
M. Murray;
An act (S. No. 547) granting a pension to
John Sheets;
An act (S. No. 548) granting a pension to
Amanda Stackhouse and children of Parkes
J. Stackhouse, deceased ; and
An act (S. No. 549) granting increase"of
i pension to Catharine Eckhardt.
| PRINTING OF INTERNAL TAX BILL.
! Mr. OAXK. from the Committee on Print-
' ing. reported the following resolution ; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
! HeirJveil, That one thousand extra copies of the
I1,ill revi^ini? tiie internal tax on whisky and tobacco,
| Sc., be limited for tho use of the Huu o.
!j ELECTION' CONTEST m'kEE Vs. lOUNG.
ii The House resumed the consideration of tho
ji contested-election case of Mclvee as. Young,
in the ninth congressional district of Kentucky,
