2322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
/
was lost. The paymaster's books show that
some money was lost; but, of course, it is ne-
cessary to repose a degree of confidence in the
character of the paymaster in order to ascertain
the exact sum. To that extent the House is
called upon to trust Paymaster Cunningham,
who is a man of exemplary character, of very
high personal consideration among his asso-
ciates, well known here in Washington for a
long period of years, and recommended by
everybody who has known him as a gentle-
man of entire honesty. The Navy Depart-
ment and the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury have no doubt of the facts, but they have
no authority to make the allowance, and tins
bill authorizes them to make the allowance.
The bill has passed the Senate, and it is under
these circumstances that the House is asked
to pass it.
Mr. COBB. I would like to ask the gentle-
man a question?
Mr. PIKE. Certainly.
Mi-. COBB. Was there any evidence be-
fore the committee fixing the amount of the
money stolen?
'Mr. PIKE. That was precisely the question
of the gentleman from Michigan.
Mr. COBB. Was there any evidence to
show that these men confessed to having taken
any specific amount?
Mr. PIKE. These men confessed to having
taken money from time to time, and when the
vessel was in foreign ports they went on shore
and spent the money.
Mr. COBB. I wish to inquire whether the
records of the court-martial have been before
the Committee on Naval Affairs?
Mr. PIKE. There is a statement with the
papers in relation to the court-martial.
Mr. COBB. Have the committee had the
record of the court-martial before them?
Mr. PIKE. They have examined the record
of the court-martial.
Mr. COBB. The gentleman will pardon me
for interfering to ask these questions when I
state that the only interest I take in the matter
is that there are a great number of similar
cases now before the Committee of Claims, all
of which we have deemed it to be our duty to
examine with great minuteness and caution,
and I do not wish to see a precedent set here
in this case which it could be urged upon us
to follow in those cases which are before the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. PIKE. I was mistaken; here is a rec-
ord of the court-martial.
Mr. COBB. I would like to hear read, either
by the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Pike] or
by the Clerk of this House, what evidence
there is of the specific sum which was stolen.
Or I would ask if the amount is made up only
from the books of this paymaster showing what
was deficient ?
Mr. PIKE. As I stated in reply to a similar
inquiry from the gentleman from Michigan,
[Mr. Upson,] there is no specific sum proved
to have been stolen. The charge is this:
"In this, that the accused did, on one or more
occasions, between the months of August, 1805, and
February. 1866, as principal or accessory, thieve from
the iron chest in the ward-room of thisship, in which
chest public money in charge of Paymaster John S.
Cunningham was there kept, asum orsums of money."
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would like to ask the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Pike] a question.
Mr. PIKE. Vcfy well.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I understand the gentle-
man to say that there is nothing in the papers
before the committee which indicates the spe-
cific sum lost. _ Now, I would like to know
how yhe committee came to report a specific
sum in this bill. Do they guess at it, or how
do they got at it?
Mr. PIKE. I have frankly stated to the
House, for I have no motives for concealment
in this case, that there is no testimony before
the committee in relation to the precise sum.
In regard to that sum the House must take the
statement of the paymaster, and rely upon his
character and honesty.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. PIKE. Certainly.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman state
whether there appears in the record the state-
ment of the paymaster, either made under oath
or by report to the Department?
Mr. PIKE. It does.
Mr. MAYNARD. If this paymaster were
suing a common carrier ora landlord for money
abstracted, his statement would be accepted as
satisfactory in regard to the amount taken, it
being proved aliunde that some amount was
taken. It seems to me that we should not here
exact a more rigorous measure of evidence
than would be required in a litigation between
individuals.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Does the gentleman mean
to state that such is the law ?
Mr. MAYNARD. I do.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I know it is the rule of
law, so far as clothing and ordinary baggage is
concerned ; but it is notthe rule so far as money
is concerned. An express company or com-
mon carrier is not liable for money carried by
them unless a specific statement is made of
the amount claimed.
Mr. PIKE. 1 do not wish to rest this sim-
ply upon character.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman allow
me a moment ?
Mr. 1'IKE. Certainly.
Mr. MAYNARD. I believe it is universally
held, so far as I am aware, that a party may be
allowed to state the amount of money, where
it is a sum not incommensurate with the neces-
sitios of personal expenditure. In some courts
they have gone even further than that and
allowed the statement to extend generally.
Mr. PIKE. I have hero the statement of
the surgeon of the ship, from which 1 read as
follows:
"Thai sonic time beforo t lie discovery of the rob-
bery ho (Paj master John H. Cunningham) fiad ex-
pressed hi-* want of contidence m tho safe as to its i
security; that my state-room was in the near vicin- j
ityof ttio .safe, and tiiat I never saw any other person j
vif-it. it but himself, and that on Mich occasions X
always observed that he as->ured himself nf its fast- j
ness before leaving it; that there was no guard kept i
atthe ward-room doors during the night, and that
persons might enter it and tamp or wit h the safe when
the ofliccis were in their several stato-roonis and
asleep, without necessuiily attracting obseivation ;
that for some time the statiomuy li^ht of the ward-
room was unlit during a pai t of the night, when 1 tia t
apartment was m darkness ; that Paymaster Cun-
ningham was always cuieftil and anxious ot his
charge, and undcrtheeircumstunees he does not ap-
pear to mo to bo at all accountable for the robbory
of the sale."
Then, here is a statement of the officers of
the ship Colorado in relation to the general
character of the paymaster:
" We, the undersigned, olficersof the United States
ship Gotoiado, attached to said vessel at tho time of
the robberies ofthesafe of Paymaster Cunningham,
in the year 1866, and acquainted with the circum-
stances connected therewith, do hereby attest our
belief that the said robberies were not in any way due
to negligence or want of proper precautions on tho
part of Paymaster Cunningham. We also believe
the said robberies to have been systematica! ly planned
by experts and executed in spite ot tilo usual precau-
tions adopted on board ship for the protection of
public property."
This is signed by the fleet surgeon, the cap-
tain, the engineer, and all the other officers of
the ship.
Now, I will say that, except by the passage
of such a bill as this, there is no possible way
in which this applicant can be relieved. This
is not like the case of a man outside of the
Government service proposing to prove by his
own testimony that the Government owes him
a large sum of money. Noris it like a case in
which a man proposes to prove by his own tes-
timony the loss of a bond for which he seeks
reimbursement. It is no such case. Here is
the case of a disbursing officer of the Govern-
ment suffering a loss by robbery while engaged
in the proper discharge of his duties as such
disbursing officer. He is proved to have exer-
cised all due and proper vigilance. There is no
way in which the exact amount of the loss can be
proved aliunde. Thieves, by the use of false
keys, abstract from day to day or from week
to week small sums of money from the safe of
this paymaster. He misses the money from
time to time, but is unable to account for the
deficiency. He watches carefully, and finally
by the confession of these men the robbery is
ascertained. In order to fix the prceise sum
of money abstracted we are obliged to trust to
the honor and honesty of this man.
Mr. MILLER. Does not the disbursing offi-
cer state in his affidavit the exact amount of
money that he lost?
Mr. PIKE. Yes, sir.
Mr. MILLER. Then I would merely remind
gentlemen that an act of Congress_ has been
passed making the evidence of parties compe-
tent evidence, and, if not contradicted, suffi-
cient evidence in the courts of the United
States. This corresponds with the law in a
number of the States of this Union.
Mr. PIKE. I suppose there is no question
as to the competency of the testimony in this
case.
Mr. WELKER. I would like to ask the
gentleman from Maine a question. How long
before this robbery had this paymaster settled
his accounts?
Mr. PIKE. He did not settle his accounts
till after the return of the ship last July, and
the robbery occurred previous to that time.
Mr. WELKEll. How long previous was his
last settlement—a year or six months'?
Mr. PIKE. It was before tho sailing of the
ship. The Colorado was the flag-ship.
Mr. WELKEll. How long was she gone?
Mr. PIKE. Two years, I should think.
Mr. WELKEll. Does the bill propose to
balance up the paymaster's account so as to
cover the deficiency in the account at the time
when tho robbery occurred?
Mr. PIKE. There was no appearance of a
deficiency in the account.
Mr. WELKEll. Is it proposed to credit him
with this sum of money so as to square his
account with thoTJovernment?
Mr. PIKE. In reply to that, I will say that
previous to this abstraction the paymaster's
accounts did balance.
Mr. WELKER. How long before?
Mr. PIKE. Immediately previous. During
the time when the abstractions were going on
the accounts, of course, would not balance.
These paymaster's books, like the books of
other disbursing officers, are balanced from
day to day.
Mr. IVELKER. How does the gentleman
know that the accounts balanced previous to
the robbery ?
Mr. PIKE. From testimony—the only way
in which we can know anything of this'kind".
Mr. WE^LKER. From whose statement?
Mr. PIKE. From the paymaster's state-
ment and from the books themselves.
Mr. WELKER. I make this suggestion,
not because I mean to intimate that there has
been anything wrong in this man's accounts,
but because it would be very easy in squaring
these accounts of public officers to say that a
certain loss or robbery just covers the amount
of the deficiency. Hence in examining a mat-
ter of this kind a committee should be careful
not to be misled by statements, unsupported
by evidence, as to the amount actually ab-
stracted.
Mi. BANKS. Will the gentleman allow me
a moment?
Mr. PIKE. Certainly.
Mr. BANKS. _ I desire to say that in this
ease it is impossible to obtain evidence of the
amount of money stolen unless the testimony
ot the paymaster shall betaken. That test f-
m°jn?'S-glVcn' as * unclerstand, under oath,
and he is known to many gentlemen of thi'i
House who will not believe that under anvcir
enrnstances whatever he could be induee'd to
commit perjury. The men who committed
this robbery were unable to state the amount
.ot money stolen. They confess that thev had
opened the safe several times and that money
had been taken, but it is not in their power m,
Af^Wh'TTriTO0 ^ a1moant that they took,
vit on file? paymaster's atilda-
?{r" pAjS®™ So 1 understand.
iJKK 1 lle Paymaster's full statement
