THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tboy were declarations showing the only means
of accomplishing t.he object? Let me ask
wherein this hypothetical case is not covered
by that at bar V Mr. Stanton was intrenched
behind the law as securely as is Congress;, he
had frequently declared thathe would notyield
except to superior force. I say, then, that
when the President ordered Thomas to take
immediate possession of the War Department
he gave him a carte blanche to do whatever lie
thought, necessary to accomplish his purpose,
and Thomas only echoed his coconspirator
when he talked with Burleigh and Wilkeson.
But General Thomas not only communicated
his purpose to Burleigh, but he afterward told
this witness why he had not executed his plan.
Witness says (page 210) thathe (Thomas) told
liim that the only thing that prevented his
taking possession of the War Department on
the morning he had invited Burleigh to be
present was because of his arrest by the United
States marshal at an unusually early hour.
At_ this point, before noticing the attempt
of Thomas to seize the War Department on
the morning of the 22d of February, I desire
to call attention to a fact ill evidence showing
a perfect concurrence of mind between the
President and his coconspirator, Thomas. Oil
the morning of the 22d, the President's Pri-
vate Secretary addressed a note, by direction
of the President,, to General Emory, in com-
mand of the military forces of the department.
General Emory responded in person, and met
the President, about the same hour that'fhomas
entered the War Department. That interview
is made the subject-matter of a separate article,
and 1 will not give it at length m this place.
But 1 urge that no man can read General Em-
ory's narrative of what then transpired in the
light of the circumstances surrounding this
case and not feel himself driven to the con-
clusion that the President meant to use the
military force of this department through that
officer to carry out his unlawful design ; and
nothing but the indirect rebuke administered
by General Emory, and his avowed purpose
made to the President to obey no orders except
they should come through the General-in-Chief,
as by law provided, deterred the accused from
then and there directing him to marshal his
forces, if necessary, for the expulsion of Mr.
Stanton.
While this remarkable seetie was transpiring
in the Executive Mansion, another not less re-
markable was being enacted by the tool of the
President at the War Department. There were
many witnesses present, most of whom have
testitied. As they concur substantially in their
testimony. 1 will give that of but one of them,
lion Thomas W. Eeriiy. (See page 221.)
"In the presence of Secretary Stanton. .Turtle Kel-
ley, Moorhkab, Dodge, Van* Wyck, Vas Horn',
Delano, and b'reeman Clarke, at twenty-five min-
utes past twelve m., General Thomas, Adjutant Gen-
eral, eamo into the Secretary of War Office, saying,
• Good morning," theSecrctary replying, 'Coodmorn-
ing, sir.' Thomas looked around and said, 'J do
not wMi to disturb these gentlemen, and will wait.'
Stanton said, 'Nothing private here; what do you
want, sir?'
" Thomas demanded of Secretary Stanton the sur-
render ot tho Secretary of War Office. Stanton do-
med it tolnm, and ordeml him back to Ins own office
as Adjutant General. Thomas refused to go. 'I
claim the office of Secretary of "War, and demand it
bv order of the President.'
" Stantox. ' I deny yourauthority to act, and order
you back to your own officc.'
"Thom is. ' I will stand here. I want no unpleas-
antne-s m the presence of these gentlemen.'
"Stanton. 'You can stand there il'you please,but
you cannot act as Secretary of War. f am Secretary
of War. 1 order you outof this office, and to your
own.'
"Thomas. 'I refuse to so, and will stand here.
11 SrAxro\. ' How are you to get possession; do you
lacan to use force?'
"-Thomas. ' I do not cm c to \ise force, but my mind
i* made up as to what I shall do. I want no un-
pleasantness, though. I shall stay here and aet as
Secretary ot War.'
"Stanton. 'You shall not, and I order you, as your
supeiior. back to vour own office.'
"Thomas. 'I will not obey you, but will stand
here, and remain here.'
"fctan'rox. ' You can stand there, as yoa please. I
order you out of this otlice to your own. I am Sec-
retary ot War, and your superior.'
"Ttiomas tnen wnt into opposite room across hall
(General Si hriver's) andeommeuced ordering Gen-
eral Schriver and General E. D. Townsend. Stanton
entered, followed by Moorhkab and Febry, and or-
dered those Generals not to obey or pay attention to
General Thomas's orders; that lie denied his assumed
authority as Secretary of War ad interim, and forbade
their obedience of his directions. 'I am Secretary
of War, and t now order you, General Thomas, out
of this office to your own quarters.'
"Thomas. 'I will not pro. X shall discharge the
functions ot Secretary of War.'
"Stanton. 'You will not.'
"Thomas. 'I shall require the mails of the War
Department to be delivered to me, and shall transact
the business of the office.'
"Stantox. ' You shall not have them, and I order
you to your own office.'"
Gentlemen of the Senate, was this the
method of executing an ordinary command of
an oliicer delivered to him for an ordinary pur-
pose'/ Did Thomas assume this belligerent
attitude and enter upon this despicable busi-
ness in such violent manner without having
been instructed to do so, if necessary, by the
man whose orders ho was executing? Is it
not probable that at the very moment he was
bullying the Secretary of War and ordering
General Schriver and General Townsend to
recognize him as the rightful Secretary he was
expecting the force necessary to maintain
his authority from General Emory, who, he
ihought, was receiving instructions from the
President to that effect? Sirs, this coincidence
and concurrence of action between the Presi-
dent and Thomas on that morning is suscep-
tible of no reasonable solut.on other than that
they meditated the use of force and were avail-
ing themselves of every possible means to
obtain it.
Now, sirs, I do not desire to pursue this
inquiry further. If there was a conspiracy
between these parties to take possession of the
War Department by force, as 1 think has been
fully shown by the evidence at this trial, then
that conspiracy must be held to extend neces-
sarily to the charges laid in the fourth and
sixth articles, and they need not be separately
discussed.
I will now briefly notice the charge laid in
articles five and seven. The President is here
charged with conspiring with Lorenzo Thomas
and others unknown to seize, take, and possess
the property of the United States in the De-
partment ot War, and to hinder and prevent
Edwin M. Stanton, the Secretary of said De-
partment, from holding his said office; this in
violation of the civil-tenure aet. In these
charges there is no allegation of force being
meditated, as was necessary in alleging the
violation of the conspiracy act. The offense
charged, then, consists simply in an agreement
to do an unlawful act in an unlawful manner.
It does not matter what means were contem-
plated nor what used. It is enough to know
that the act and the manner ot its accomplish-
ment were unlawful.
The evidence already adduced, and the laws
cited, show that at the time the accused at-
tempted Mr. Stanton's removal he was law-
fully in possession of hisofhee. The evidence
and the laws noticed also show that the accused
had exhausted every legal means to remove
Mr. Stanton. I say, then, that Mr. Johnson
could take no step beyond these which would
not in itself be ail unlawful act. There was no
way to remove Mr. Stanton against his will
and without the advice and consent of the Son-
ate except by report to unlawful means. If
he is proved to have attempted this by concert
or agieement, with one or more he is guilty of
a conspiracy so to do. There is, sirs, an un-
warrantable attempt to th row around this charge
of conspiracy a meaningwhich it has not in law,
to clothe this offense with something abhor-
rent to public sentiment: and we are told that
persons may be jointly engaged in the most
heinous crimes, and yet we must be cautious
before convicting them of a conspiracy. This
is an appeal to popular prejudice; and is no-
where to be derived from the books and decis-
ions upon criminal law. The accused could
not himself carry out his unlawful purpose; he
was forced to selcct an accomplice, lie made
that selection, the agreement was entered into,
the requisite order issued, the two minds met,
and one of the parties entered upon the design
to be accomplished, and that design being an.
unlawful one the conspiracy was complete.
The tenure of-offiee act, in ks fifth arid sixth
sections, denounces as a high misdemeanor the
very acts which are proved to have been com-
mitted by the President. Were it not for the
rule of law which protects him whilein his high
office from a criminal prosecution before a jury
of his countrymen he could upon his own an-
swer be convicted and sentenced to imprison- -s
ment. And so, also, could Lorenzo Thomas.
How, then, can he escape conviction before
this court which can properly try him, simply
because he has united with one or more per-
sons to commit the offense? - All the evidence
which has been presented under the fourth and
sixth articles applies with greater weight . to
the fifth and seventh. And should it be found-
not to establish that he conspired by force to
remove Mr. Stanton, it by no means ioHovvs
that he did not conspire at all. Itwoold seem
to me a woik of supererogation to add to the
grouping of guilty circumstances already given
to intensify the proofs of complicity.
The accused has admitted in his answer thai
oil and before August £>, 1867, " he became
satisfied that he could not allow the said Stan-
ton to continue to hold the office of Secretary
of the War Department;" "that he did ne-
cessarily consider and determine that the said
Stanton ought no longer to hold the said office
•'and to give effect to such his decision and
determination he did address the said Stanton
a note,'' &c., following:
"Sir; Publio considerations of a high character
constrain me to say that your resignation as Secre-
tary of War will be accepted."
To which Mr. Stanton, on the same day,
said :
"In rep'y, I have the honor to say that public
considerationsofa high character, which ajono have
induced me to continue at the head of this Depart-
ment, constrain me not to resign thooffice of Secre-
tary of War before the next meeting of Congress."
Here was the first step pursuant to the plan
to dispossess Mr. Stanton peaceably if he could,
forcibly if he must. Here he was plainly told
that, only by resort to the latter means would
the Secretary yield. The answer tells us he
was forced to consider what "acts could be
done to cause the said Stanton to surrender
the said office." Surrenders, Mr. President,
do not often precede force. They usually fol-
low not only its exhibition but its application.
The tenure act pointed out but one way, and
Mr. Stanton having declined to resign, the law
pointed out the only peaceable way.
lie next, on the 12ih of August, seven days
after Mr. Stanton refused to resign, appointed
General Grant ad interim and suspended Mr.
Stanton ; but tins was but of temporary dura-
tion, for the Senate refused to concur, and Mr.
Stanton resumed his functions of office.
Here ended all legal means; here ended all
peaceable means; this exhausted every resort
except to force, and this he prepared himself
to use. He says the next step, although a vio-
lation of the law, was taken to raise aquestion
for the courts. This will not do. He had
been told in plainest terms by Mr. Stanton
that he would not resign ; he had been told by
that otlicer that he yielded to superior force in
the matter of his suspension, and he knew that
the Seriate had practically instructed Mr. Stan-
ton that no attempt at removal by unlawful
means would be sustained by them. We have
Mr. Johnson, then, brought to an alternative
which had but one solution in his mind, and
that he had already determined upon, namely,
to remove Mr. Stanton at all hazards.
To raise a question for the courts forsooth !
lie could not do this, and he well knew it, ex-
cept by committing a trespass upon the baili-
wick of Mr. Stanton, bylaw assigned him, and
when within his office by forcibly ejecting him
therefrom. If, sirs, his design was not. to go
this far, still if it included a purpose to estab-
lish a second Secretary of Warin that building,
and require subordinates to obey the orders of
the pretended Secretary, this was force in the
meaning of the act. We are bound to infer
that when Mr. Johnson sat out to accomplish
