1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
mn
The Olerk read as follows;
"Mr. Stevens, of Pennsylvania. I want to say
that it" this loan was to be paid according to the inti-
mation of tbe gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ross ;]
if I knew that any party in this country would go
for paying in coin that which is payable in money,
thus enhancing it one half, if I knew there was such
a platform and such a determination this day on the
 art of any party, I would vote for the other side,
frank Blair and all. I would vote for 110 Mich swin-
dle upon the tax-payers of this country; I would
vote for no such speculation in favor ot the large
bondholders, the millionaires, who took advantage
of oui folly in granting them coin payment of inter-
est. And I declare—well, it is hard to say it—but it
even Frank Blair stood upon the platform paying
the bonds according to the coutract, and thes .Repub-
lican candidates stood upon the plattorm ot paying
bloated speculators twice the amount which we
agreed to pay them, then I would vote for Frank
Blair, even if a worse man than Seymour headed the
ticket. That is all I want to say."
A few days afterward I expressed my sur-
prise at these statements of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] and referred to
the fact that in the debate of 1862, on the pas-
sage of the bill authorizing the five-twenty
bonds, the gentleman distinctly declared that
these bonds were payable in gold, and that
such was the unanimous opinion and intention
of Congress at that time.
Yesterday the gentleman read from manu-
script the following:
"Mr. Stevens, of Pennsylvania, rising to a per-
sonal explanation, said: I desire to say a few words
relating to what I observe reported in the Globe of
the remarks of General Garfield and others with
regard to what I said in debate on the passage of the
five-twenty bill. I find that it is all taken from the
report of Secretary McCulloch, which I had never
read. I am therefore free to presume that which
those gentlemen quoted, rather than said, as a total
perversion of the truth. Had it not been introduced
from so respectable a quarter in this House it would
not be too harsh, as there presented, to call it an
absolute falsehood. I do not know that I should
have taken any notice of what various papers are
repeating, some of them half secession, and more of
them, I suppose, in the pay of the bondholders. I
shall not now undertake to explain the whole of this
matter, as 1 am too feeble; but I shall take occasion
hereafter to expose the villainy of those who charge
me with having said, on the passage of the five-
twenty bill, that its bondswerepayableincom. The
whole debate trorn which they quote, and all my
remarks which they cited, were made upon an en-
tirely different bill, as might be seen by observing
that 1 speak only of thepaymentof gold after twenty
yeartf, when the bill I was speaking ot, as> well as all
the liabilities, were payable in coin, as no one doubted
the resumption of specie payments. My speech was
made upon the introduction of the legal-tender
bill, on which tho interest for twenty years was to
be paid in currency. No question of paying the
interest in gold arose till some time after, when the
bill had been passed by the House, sent to the Sen-
ate, returned, and wentto a committee of conference,
where, for the first time, the gold-bearing question
was introduced, and yet all that these wise and
thoughtful gentlemen have quoted from me took
place in debate some weeks betore the gold question,
either principal or interest, had arisen in the House.
1 only now want to caution the public against put-
tin? faith in the publications of demagogues, and
they will find that every word which 1 have asserted
with regard to myself is true to the letter."
Now, Mr. Speaker, I can permit no such
denial of the truth of my statement, and par-
ticularly no such personal attack to go unchal-
lenged. I therefore appeal to the records.
On the 22d day of January, 1862, Hon. K. G.
Spaulding, of New York, from the Committee
of Ways and Means, reported House bill No.
2-10, a bill to authorize the issue of United
States notes and for the redemption or fund-
ing thereof, and for funding the floating debt
of the United States. It consisted of three
sections. The first authorized the issue of
$100,000,000 legal-tender notes; the second
authorized the issue of $000,000,000 of six per
cent, twenty-year bonds, with which to fund the
legal-tender note and other floating debt of
the United States ; the third was mainly ad-
ministrative. (See copy of original bill,Globe,
vol. -40, p. 522.) This bill, with but few im-
portant changes, became the act of February
25, 1862. On the day of its introduction it
■was printed and made the special order for
January 28,when a searching debate on its pro-
visions began and continued with uninterrup-
tion of but one legislative day, to and includ-
ing the 6th of February.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania took no
active part m the debate until the day of its
passage, when, after general debate on the bill
in Committee of the Whole was closed by order
of the House, Hon. E. G-. Spaulding yielded
to Mr. Stevens most of the liour to which he
was entitled, and then the gentleman [Mr.
Stevens] made a vigorous andincisive speech,
as he always did, attacking the several substi-
tutes that had been offered, and defended the
hill of the Committee of Ways and Means.
One substitute had been offered by Mr. Val-
landigham, of Ohio, another by Mr. Rosooe
Coxkling, of New York, another by Mr. Mor-
rill, of Vermont, and another by Mr. Horton,
of Ohio, which embraced the leading features
of all the others, and was finally selected as
the one to be voted on in opposition to the bill
of the committee. This substitute did not make
United States notes a legal tender for private
debts, and this was the chief issue between the
advocates and opponents of the bill of the
committee.
A large part of the speech of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Steven's] was devoted
to the defense of the legal-tender clause of the
bill. He held that without the legal-tender
provision the notes would depreciate ; with it
they would remain at par. He quoted a long
passage from the English writer McCulloch to
show that paper money which is a legal-tender
will always be at par so long as the amount
issued is not in excess of the wants of the coun-
try. At that point a question was asked him
by Judge Thomas, of Massachusetts. I quote
from the Globe of February 6, 1862, page 688:
"Mr. Thomas. X desire to ask the gentleman a
question in connection with that passage. McCul-
loch laid down the doctrine that thepaper is limited
to the amount necessary for currency. Let me ask
tho gentleman from Pennsylvania whether he now
expects, in managing these fmancinl matters, to limit
the amount of these notes to $150,000,000? Is that
his expectation ?
"Mr. Stkvexs. It is. I expect that is the maxi-
mum amount to be issued.
"Mr. Thomas. You do not expect to call for any
more ?
" Mr. Stevens. No, sir; I do not.*'
The gentleman then proceeded to show that
these legal-tender notes would soon be used to
buy the bonds authorized in the second sec-
tion, and that the bonds would be a good
investment. He said:
"This money would soon lodge in large quantities
with the capitalists and banks, who musttake them.
But the instinct of gain—perhaps I may call it ava-
rice—would not allow them to keep it long unpro-
ductive. A dollar in a miser's safe unproductive is
a-sore disturbance. Where could he invest it? In
United btates loans at six per cent., redeemable in
gold in twenty years, the best and most valuable
permanent investment that could be desired. The
Government would thus again possess such notes in
exchange for bonds, and again reissue them. I havo
no doubt that thus the $500,000,000 of bonds author-
ized would be absorbed in less time than would be
needed by Government, and thus $130,000,000 would,
do the work of $500,000,000 of bonds.
"When further loans were wanted you need only
authorize the sale of more bonds. The same $150,-
000,000 of notes will be ready to take them.''— Globe,
vol. 4.G, p. 6S8.
A little further on, on the same page, he said:
"Gentlemen are clamorous in favor of those who
have debfs due them, lestthedebtorshouldthemore
easily pay his debt. I do not much sympathize with
such importunate money-lenders. But widows and
orphans are interested and in tears lest their estates
should be badly invested. I pity no one who has his
money invested m United States bonds, payable m
gold in twenty years, with interest semi-annually."
He then proceeded to review the several
substitutes, stating first the plan of the com-
mittee. I quote from the same page:
"Let me restate the various projects. Ours pro-
poses United States notes, secured at the end of
twenty years to be paid in coin, and the interest
raised by taxation semi-annually; such notes to be
money, and of uniform value throughout the Union.
No better investment, in my judgment, can be had.
No better currency can be invented."
* <. * * > * * * * *
" The proposition of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Roscok C0N'KLINCt,J authorizes the issuing of
seven per cent, bonds payable m th rty-one years to
be sold (^250,000,000 of it) or exchanged for the cur-
rency of the banks of Boston, New York, aud Phila-
delphia.
"Sir, this proposition seems to nie to lack every
element of wise legislation. Make a loan payable
in uredeemable currency, and pay that in its depie-
eiated condition to our contractors, soldiers, and.
creditors generally I The banks would issue unlim-
ited amounts of what would become hash, and buy
good hard-money bonds of the nation! Was there
ever such a temptation to swindle?"
On the following page, and near the end- of
bis speech, he says:
"Here,then,in a few words, lies yourchoice. Throw
bonds at six orsoven per ccnt. on the market between
this and December, enough to raise atleast $600,000,-
000," * * * * "or issue.United States
notes, not redeemable in coin, but fundable in spe-
cie-paying bonds at twenty years."
In a few moments after the conclusion of
this speech the House voted to reject the sub-
stitute of Mr. Horton and adopted the bill
advocated by Mr. Stevens.
It was sent to the Senate, and but few im-
portant amendments were made, the chief of
which was that the legal-tender clause should
not apply to duties on imports, but that they
should be paid in coin, and the coin should be
applied to payment of the interest on the bonds
and to the reduction of the principal of the
debt. No change was made in the bill which
in any manner affected the question of the pay-
ment of the principal of the bonds.
On the 14th of February the bill came back
to the House and was made a special order for
February ID, when it was again debated, some
of the amendments adopted, and some re-
jected ] aud after submitting the differences
between the two Houses to a conference com-
mittee it was passed February 25, and on the
following day became a law by receiving the
approval of the President.
1 have carefully gone over all the proceed-
ings as recorded in the Globe and in the Jour-
nal of the House, and I have not found an
intimation made, directly or indirectly, by any
member that it was ever dreamed the principal
of these bonds could be paid in anything but
gold. On the contrary, ail who did refer to
the subject spoke in the most positive terms
that, as a matter of course, they were payable
in gold.
Mr. Spalding, of New York, said :
" They intend to foot all the bills, and ultimately
pay the whole, principal and interest, in gold and
Sliver.''—Globe, vol. 4t>, p. 882.
Mr. Pomeroy, who is now a member of the
House, said:
" The credit of the Government is alike bound for
the payment ot both these classes ot indebtedness
ultimately in gold; each derives its entire value
from that."—Ib., p. 885.
Mr. Pikk, of Maine, now a member of
this House, said:
" With all due deference to the gentleman who
differ with me on this subject, it does seem to me
that this matter of paying the interest in coin is a
controversy about goat&' wool. The interest will be
paid m coin m any event."—lb., p. 887.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have proved from
the record the correctness of every declara-
tion 1 made in reference to the opinion of
Congress at the time of the passage of the
five-twenty bill, and particularly the opinion
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania. This
might seem suiiicient, but I wish, to carry the
investigation a step further.
About one year later, when the House was
debating the bill for issuing what, are now
known as ten-forty bonds, the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] who had ottered
an amendment to make the interest payable
in paper, interjected into a speech of Mr.
Horton, of Ohio, the following remark, (see
Globe, January 19, 1803, page 088:)
" It would be fair, I suppose, to state that my
amendment proposes to pay for these bonds at the
end of ten j ears in coin, but to pay the interest in
euirency, while the bill of the Committee of Ways
and Means proposes to redeem the bonds m cur-
rency. ,
" Mr. Horton. I cannot state what the gentleman
asks me to state, because, according to myview.it
is not correct. The bill of the Committee of Ways
and Means does not contemplate paying in paper.
** Mr. Steve>,s. Will the gentleman allow me to
ask him a question ?
" Mr. Horton. Certainly. (.
"Mr. i?revens. Are nut the bonds payable in
lawful money,' wnatever that is ?
" Mr. Houtox. No, sir. „ _ .
"Mr.STKVKNS. Then the Committee of Ways ana
! Means and I do not agree as to its meaning-.
! *' Mr. Horton. X speak only for myself, and i
! appeal to the bill. The policy of the bill is to pay
! the interest in coin, and to collect tho imposts in
i coin, a,nd to redeem the bonds m twenty years in
• coin."
I So far as lean learn, this was the first word
