3348
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
August, 1862, to the latter part of 1865, having con-
sideredthesame, begleaveto repoit; _
That Mrs. Carson is a widow, residing m Bourbon
county, in the State of Kentucky, and was from
August, 1862, to the latter part ot the year 1866, the
keeper of the jail in said county; that during that
time the military authorities of the United Stages
then stationed in said county took control of said jail
as a military prison and compelled her to furnish
subsistence tor conscripts and for deserters from the
United ritates Army and prisoners taken from the
rebel forces; that during said time she furnished
subsistence, amounting in all to four thousand three
hundred and eighty-four days' subsistence, for pris-
oners placed in said jail by said military authorities;
that said authorities never paid a cent therefor ;'that
said petitioner kept an accurate account of the num-
ber of days' subsistence thus furnished, which isfiled
with her petition, with evidence of the justice and
truth thereof; that she also claims compensation ior
lire furnished in the prison for a portion of said time,
and also for fuel furnished to the guards around the
jail, and also for rent for said jail; and her charges
for subsistence aro at the rates of seventy-live cents
per day, and for fire thirty-five cents per day, which
were the rates allowed by law in that jail for keep-
ing persons confined therein under the civil law.
Her total claim thus made out amounts to the sum
of $4,618 70.
Upon examination of the facts, and upon consid-
eration of the caso, tho committee are of opinion
to allow her sixty, cents for each day's subsistence,
making the sum $2,630 40, in full discharge of her
account. Accordingly theyreport the accompanying
bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed ior a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
message fkom the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheiison, its Clerk; announced
that the House had concurred in the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. It. No.
455) granting a pension to David Van Nord-
strand.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolution ; and they were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore of
the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 450) relative to filing reports
of railroad companies;
A bill (S. No. 426) for the relief of Thomas
Crossley;
A bill (S. No. 184) granting a pension to
Mrs. Ann Corcoran ; and
A jointresolution (S. R. No. 134) authorizing
a change of mail service between Port Aber-
crombie and Helena.
thanks to secretary stanton.
Mr. EDMUNDS submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate com-
municate to lion. Edwin M. Stanton tho concur-
rent resolution of the two Houses, signed by the Pre-
siding Officers thereof, presenting to him the thanks
of Congress for his eminent public services while
Secretary for the Department of War.
admission of colorado.
Mr. YATES. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 11.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Let the title
of the bill bo read that we may know what
it is.
The Chief Clerk. "A bill (S. No. 11) to
admit the State of Colorado into the Union."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope that
bill will not be taken up in the morning hour.
Mr. YATES. It will take but a few minutes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to say
to my friend from Illinois that at one o'clock
to-day I shall ask the Senate to indulge me in
taking up the legislative appropriation bill.
Mr. YATES. This will not interfere with
that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 15, noes 3 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. YATES. I suppose it is necessary to
ask for the yeas and nays. I wish to make
a statement to the Senate, and then I think
the Senator from Vermont will withdraw his
objection.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope tlie Chair will put
the question again.
There is :
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.
quorum present.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask that the vote be taken
over again.
The question being again put, there were,
on a division—ayes 21, noes 8.
So the motion was agreed to ; and the Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded
to consider the bill (S. No. 11) to admit the
State of Colorado into the Union.
The preamble recites that on the,21st of
March, 1864, Congress passed an act to enable
the people of Colorado to form a constitution
and State government, and offered to admit
that State, when so formed, into the Union
upon compliance with certain conditions therein
specified ; that it appears by a message of the
President of the United States, dated January
—, 1806, that the said people have adopted a
constitution which, upon due examination, is
found to conform to the provisions and com-
ply with the conditions of that act, and to be
republican in its form of government, and that
they now ask for admission into the Union.
The bill therefore proceeds to enact that the
constitution and State government which the
people of Colorado have formed for themselves
be accepted, ratified, and confirmed; and to
declare the State of Colorado to be one of the
United States of Aniericat which is admitted
into the Union upon an equal footing with the
original States in all respects whatsoever.
The second section declares Colorado to be
entitled to all the rights, privileges, grants, and
immunities, and to be subject to all the condi-
tions and restrictions of an act entitled "An
act to enable the people of Colorado to form a
constitution and State government, and for the
admission of such State into the Union on an
equal footing with the original States,'' ap-
proved March 21, 1864.
The third section provides that the act shall
take effect with the fundamental and perpetual
condition that within the State of Colorado
there shall be. no abridgment or denial of the
exercise of the elective franchise or of any
other right to any person by reason of race or
color, (excepting Indians not taxed;) and
neither tins condition nor the laws of Congress
securing such equality of rights now in force
in the Territory of Colorado shall be abrogated
or set aside, anything in the constitution or
laws of that State to the contrary notwithstand-
ing, the right to require and enforce a com-
pliance with and obedience to this condition
being reserved to Congress.
The Committee on Territories propose to
amend the bill by adding as a new section :
Sec. 4. And he it further enacted, That it shall be
the duty of the acting Governor of the Territory of
Colorado, as soon as practicable after tho passage of
this act, by proclamation, to call a general election
to choosc members of the State Legislature and State
officers to fill tho places of all whose terms ot office
shall have expired under said constitution. Said
election shall beheld, and tho legal voters registered
under the laws now in lorce in said Territory. The
time for holding said election shall bo fixed not more
than ninety days alter tho passage ol this act. and
the time lor tho meeting of tho Legislature at the
capital of the Territory and the installation of the
State officers shall be fixed, not more than thirty days
atter said election, by said proclamation. All tne
officers so elected shall continue in ottice until tho
commencement of the next constitutional term ot
their offices respectively; Provided, That before
being admitted to representation m Congress, the
Legislature so elected and convened shall ratify the
amendment to the Constitution of the United States
known as tho fourteenth article, and also thefunda-
mental conditions herein imposed. And in caso said
Legislature shall roluse to ratify said amendment
and said conditions this act shall be null and void.
Mr. MORRILL, of Veimont. Mr. Piesi-
dent, I do not know precisely what amend-
ments the Committee on Territories propose to
this bill; but I am very sure they cannot lick
it into any shape that will command my vote.
I am utterly hostile to making little boys put
on men's clothes and men's hats before their
time. The idea of erecting a State government
in a Territory that cannot possibly have over
about thirty thousand inhabitants to me seems
preposterous; and it is utterly impossible for
the gentlemen who represent the Committee on
Territories to show, by any census that has
been taken, or by any vote that has been given,
or by any production of the country, that Col-
orado has even that amount of population.
Then they come here with a constitution mada
by a mob, or not made under any authority of
law, either of Congress or the Territory, and
ask us to adopt it and accept it, and receive
men from them as Senators and Representa-
tives.
Mr. President, in relation to these vast Ter-
ritories in the West, we ought to have some
order, some system or rule, by which we shall
admit one and all when they have arrived at
their proper stature and growth. I am utterly
opposed to admitting any State until it has at
least a population sufficient for one Represent-
ative in the House of Representatives. To
admit them before that time is to try a very
poor experiment, in my judgment. It imposes
a heavy expense upon the people without ade-
quate compensation, and it is unfair to the rest
of the Union.
I know it is claimed here that this Territory
within the last year or two has increased rap-
idly in population; but if gentlemen will take
out that kind of population that has been drawn
there temporarily in consequence of the con-
struction of a railroad across the State they
will find that the actual population has pos-
sibly been diminished. There is no evidence
of an increase. As I understand, it is not
much of an agricultural country; its great
attraction has been as a gold-mining country,
and the yield of gold has been steadily decreas-
ing from year to year. Let me call the atten-
tion of the Senate to this great decrease.
Mr. NYE. What document does the Sen-
ator propose to read from ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. A document
that appears to come from an honest man, who
is willing to tell the truth about Colorado, as
I wish that others would be, and no doubt they
are. But, sir, I will not read from it; I will
make a statement without going into details.
The fact is, according to the reports on finance,
that whereas the Territory as long ago asl862
and 1863 produced something like two million
and a half or more of gold, it has been stead-
ily decreasing; so that in 1866 it produced in
value but little over a million, and in 1867 less
than a million dollars.
I know that it is claimed that the amount of
internal revenue tax has increased, showing
that the population must have increased ; but
I have a statement here fro.m a gentleman of
that Territory, by the name of Teller, which
shows that the chief amount of increase was
derived from the importation of whisky in
bond, and that one party alone paid something
like thirty thousand dollars of taxes on that,
and consequently there was an increase of
internal revenue of about three thousand dol-
lars. I think these facts prove only that
Coloradois a better place than some others to
collect the tax on whisky.
But, Mr. President, as I said in the first
place, I am utterly opposed to having any of
these Territories admitted until they have the
requisite population. If this bill provided
that a new census should be taken, and on its
being shown that Colorado had a sufficient
amount of population to entitle it to a Repre-
sentative in the other House; that the people
should go on and make a constitution by a
convention duly authorized by law, and then
submit it to the popular vote, I should be will-
ing, should it be accepted by the people, to
vote for a bill admitting the State, but not
otherwise. I understand that this bill contem-
plates nothing of that character.
Sir, look at these Territories. Manyofthun,
if they ever become peopled, ought to bo
divided into several States. Some of them
contain territory sufficient for two, three, or
four large States; others may not ever become
populated so as to require to be cut up. Once
admitted as States, however unwieldy in size,
they must forever so remain. Let us wait at
least until they have developed the country
sufficiently to know whether they are to become
