266
SUPPLEMENT TO
an object which he had every reason to believe
would be successful only upon the application
of force," he meditated that force; and whether
he subsequently went to that extreme does not
matter; the offense is complete without it.
But what did he do? Having failed to secure
the General-in-Chief as a tool he selected an
officer of the Army, who was nominally Adju-
tant General, but whom neither Mr. Lincoln
while he was President nor Mr. Stanton would
trust in charge of the Adjutant General's de-
partment. The respondent peremptorily or-
dered the General-in-Chief to reinstate this
man, knowing that he could not show a greater
contempt for Mr.- Stanton's authority than to
thrust upon that Department an officer whom
Mr. Stanton himself had suspended from his
duties.
He had still another motive: the office of
the Adjutant General was in the same build-
ing with that of the Secretary of War, and the
ulterior purpose to possess himself of the en-
tire building was thus to be more readily ac-
complished. On the 21st of February General
Thomas was directed to take immediate pos-
session of the War Department. He went
accordingly and demanded the office. It is in
evidence that on that same day the Senate,
upon information furnished them by the Sec-
retary of War, passed a resolution declaring
the attempted removal of Mr. Stanton a vio-
lation of the Constitution and the laws, and
that resolution upon the same day was placed
in the hands of the accused and his cocon-
spirator Thomas. Not only this, they both
knew that the House of Representatives had,
ill view of this removal, entered seriously upon
theconsideration of this respondent's impeach-
ment. With these proceedings well under-
stood, with the consequences certain to await
the accused and his coconspirators, the order
to Thomas is not countermanded, nor are his
instructions changed, but the plan originally
entered upon is attempted to be carried out
without the slightest deviation, as we learn
from Thomas's testimony, and with the plan
fresh in his mind as laid before him by the
accused, Thomas, on the same night, stated to
Mr. liuRi.EKiH what he was going to do. I<ot
me give a portion of Buulkkui's testimony,
pp. 201-2:
''A. On tho ovonlnff of the 21st o{' February !;i*t 1
learned that Uonurul Tliomns h:ul been iippoinU'd
Secretary oi"W:u' od iittnini, I think white al. the
Metropolitan Hotel, t invited Mr. Leonard Smith,
of Leavenworth,_ Kansas, to i'/j with mo up to hia
house :md ROe him. Wo took a carriage and went
up. I louml tho Konoral thoro tfoLtiiiK ready to ;;o
out. with hi;i daughters to spend the evening at some
place of amusement. 1 told him I would not detain
him if ho was £oni£ out; but ho insisted oil my ,-nt-
tinK down, and L sat down for a few momenta. 1 told
him that 1 had learned ho had been appointed Sec-
retary of War. Ho said he had; that he had been
appointed that day, I think; that utter iccei viim his
appointment from the President lie wont to the War
Office to show his authority or his appointment to
Seerotaiy tjtiiuton, and also his order to take posses-
sion of tho office; that tho Secretary remarked to him
that ho supposed ho would ^ivohim tiino to remove
hiw personal effects or his priv.ito papers, something
to that efl'oct; and his reply was 'Certainly.' Ho
said that in a .short time the Secretary asked him if
ho would wive him a copy of his order, and ho replied
'Certainly,' and itaveit to him. Ho said that it was
no more than right to {rive lum timo to take out his
personal effects. I asked him when lie was goiil? to
assume tho duties of the office, lie remarked that
he should take possession the next morning at ten
o'clock, which would be the 2M; and X think in that
connection ho stated that he had issued some order
in regard to the observance of the day; but of that
I am not quite sure. X remarked to him that 1 should
be up at that end of the avonuo tho next day, and
he asked me to eomc in and sec him. 1 asked him
where I would find him, and ho said in the Secre- i
tary's room, up stairs. X told him X would be there.
Said The, '}Jc there punctual at ten o'clock.' Said
I. 'You are soing to take possession to-morrow?'
'Yes.' Said I, 'Suppose Stanton objects to it—re-
sists?' 'Well,'said he, 'X expect to meet force by
force,' or ' use force.'
"Mr. Coxklixo. Eepeat that.
"The Witness. X asked him what he would do if
Stanton objected or resisted ? He said he would use
foicc or resortto force. Said X, 'Supposehe barsthe
doors?' His reply was, 'X "will break them down.'
X think that was about all the conversation that wo
had there at that time in that connection."
I have not noticed the sending for Gen-
eral Wallace, the officer second in command
of this military department, after the President
liad failed in his attempted seduction of Gen
eral Emory. X have not noticed the frequent
declarations of the coconspirator Thomas,
showing that up to the time this trial was en-
tered upon he had not desisted from his pur-
pose to possess himself of the War Depart-
ment ; that he is, in violation of any other the-
ory than that he is, and ha3 been since his
appointment, in perfect accord and agreement
with the President, received into Cabinet coun-
cils and official communication with the Pres-
ident as Secretary of War ; that he has certified
papers, one of which is in evidence, as Sec-
retary of War; and in them at least, if not
practically, is to-day by recognition and order
of the President a de facto Secretary of War.
But, sirs, casting aside all evidence intro-
duced by the prosecution, and looking at the
charge of conspiracy in the light of the testi-
mony which the answer furnishes, there is left
us but one of two conclusions: either that this
accused and General Thomas are fully sus-
tained by the law in what they did and at-
tempted to do, or they are both guilty, and the
one now on trial must be convicted.
I will not here stop to notice the charges laid
in article eighth. The offense does not ma-
terially differ from that laid in the second and
third articles.
article ninth.
We are brought, then, to notice article ninth,
which charges that the accused instructed Gen-
eral Emory that the act of Congress approved
March 2, 18G2, was unconstitutional and in
contravention of commission of the said Em-
ory, with intent to induce him, in his official
capacity as commander of the military forces
of this department, to violate the provisions of
thai act, and with the further intent thereby to
enable the accused to prevent the execution of
the tenure act, and also prevent Edwin M.
Stanton, the Secretary of war, from discharg-
ing the duties of his ofliee by virtue thereof.
It would be difficult to read General Emory's
testimony under this charge, if it stood uncon-
nected with any other evidence, and not con-
clude that he was .sent for by the President
with a view to counsel a violation of this law.
This testimony is brief, and I crave the in-
dulgence of the court to road it as given upon
the record. General Emory was summoned
by the President's Private Secretary. The note
sent him and his testimony [ will now read.
General Emory's testimony, pages 227, 228,
and 22'J :
Executive Mansion,
WASHINGTON, i>. C., February -J2. 18f>S.
Gkneril : Tho Presidcntdireets mo to sny that ho
will ho pleased to have you call on him as caily as
practicable.
Very respectfully and truly, vonrs
WILLIAM G. MOORE,
United States Army.
"Q. How early did you call? A. I called imme-
diatrly.
"Q. Mow early in the day? A. I think it was about
mid-day.
" Q. Whom did you find with the President, if any-
body? A. I found tho President alone when I first
went in.
" Q. Will you have the kindness to state as nearly
as you can what took place there ? A. [ will try and
slate the substance of it, but tho woids I cannot un-
dertake to state exactly. The President asked rao
if I recollected a conversation he had had with me
when I first took command of the department. I
told him that I recollected the fact of the conversa-
tion distinctly. lie then asked me what changes had
been made. I told him no material changes; but
such as had been made I could state at once. I went
on to state that in the fall six companies of the
twenty-ninth infantry bad been brought to this city
to winter: but, as an offset to that, four companies
of the twelfth infantry had been detached to South
Carolina, on the request of the commander of that
district; that two companies of artillery that had
been detached by my predecessor, one of thorn for
the purpose of aiding in putting down the Fenian
difficulties,had beenreturned tothecommand; that,
although tho number of companies had been in-
creased, the numerical strength of the command was
very much the same, growing out of an order reducing
tho artillery and infantry companies from the maxi-
mum of the war establishment to the minimum of
the peace establishment. The President said,41 do
not refer to those changes.' I replied that if he
would state whatchanges hereferred to, orwhomade
the report of the changes, perhaps I could be moro
explicit. lie .said, * i refer to recent changes, within
a day or two,' or something to that effect. 1 told him
I thought I could assure him that no changes had
been made; that, under a recent order issued for
the government of the armies of the United States,
founded upon a law of Con,:ro.L.^. all uideis had to be
transmitted through General Grant to the Army, and,
in like manner, all orders coming from General Giant
to any of his subordinate officers must necessarily
come, if in my department, through me; that if by
chance an order had been given to any junior officer
of mine it was his duty at once to report the fact.
The President asked me, ' What order do you refer
to?' I replied, 'To Order No. 17 of the series of
1867.' lie said, *1 would like to see the order," and
a messenger was dispatched for it. At this time a
gentleman came in who I supposed had business in
no way connccted with the business that I had in
hand, and I withdrew to the further end of the room,
and while there the messenger came with the book
of orders and handed it to me. As soon as the gen-
tleman had withdrawn I returned to the President
with the book in my hand, and said I would take it
as a favor if he would permit me to call his attention
to that order; that it had been passed in an appro-
priation bill, and I thought it not unlikely had es-
caped his attention. He took the order and read it,
and observed,' This is not in conformity to the Con-
stitution of the United States, that makes me Com-
mander-in-Chief, or with the terms of your commis-
sion.'
" Mr. Howard. Repeat his language, if you please.
"The Witnkss. I cannot repeat it any nearer
than I am now doing.
" Mr. Conkling. Repeatyour last answer louder,
so that we may hear.
44Mr. Johnson. Whathesaid.
"The Witness. What who said; the President
or me?
44 Mr. Howard. The President.
"The Witness, lie said, 4 This is not in conform-
ity with the Constitution of the United States, which
makes mo Commander-in-Chief, or with the terms
of your commission.' I replied, ' That is the order
which you have approved and issued to the Army
for our government,' or something to that effect.
I cannot recollect the exact words, nor do 1 intend
to quote the exact words of the President. lie said,
'Am I to understand that the President of the Uni-
ted States cannot give an order except through the
General of the Army' or 'General Grant?' I said,
in reply, that thatwas my impression; that that was
tho opinion the Army entertained, and I thought
upon that subject they were a unit. I also said, 41
think it_ is fair, Mr. President, to say to you that
when this order came out there was considerable dis-
cussion on thosubjcct as to what were the obligations
of an officcr under that order, and some eminent
lawyers wore consulted—1" myself consulted one—and
the opinion was given to mo decidedly and unequiv-
ocally that we were bound by the order, constitu-
tional ornot constitutional. The President observed
that the object of tho law was evident.
44 Mr. Manager Butler. Before you pass from
that, did you state to him who the lawyers were that
had been consulted? A. Yes.
44 Q. What did you state on that subject? A. Per-
haps, in reference to that, a part of my statement
was not altogether correct. In regard to myself, 1
consulted Mr. ltobcit J. Walker.
44 Q. State what you said to hnn, whether correct
or otherwise? A. I will state it. I stated that I
had consulted Mr. Robert J. Walker, in reply to
his Question as to whom it wasl had consulted ; and
I understand other officers had consulted Mr. Rev-
krdy Johnson.
44 Q, Bid you say to him what opinion had been
reported from those consultations ? A. I stated be-
fore that the lawyer that I had consulted stated to
me that we were bound by it undoubtedly; and I
understood from some officers, who I supposed had
consulted Mr. Johnson, that he was of the saiuo
opinion.
44Q. What did tho President reply to that? A.
The President ?aid, 4 The object of tho law is evi-
dent.' There the conversation ended by my thank-
ing himfor the courtesy with which he had allowed
me to express my own opinion.
4'Q. Bid you then withdraw? A. I then withdrew."
I have said that this testimony, standing
alone, bears upon its face proof of guilt, but we
are not permitted to view it from so narrow a
stand-point. Itis illumined from many sources,
and is given a significance not to be misunder-
stood. There is scarcely a scene or act con-
nected with this remarkable drama of execu-
tive usurpation which does not explain this at-
tempt to alienate a gallant officer from his
General-in-Chief, and stamp it as scarcely less
infamous than the attempt previously made to
alienate the General-in-Chief from the whole
loyal people of the land.
t Sirs, there is not in this the naked procura-
tion to violate law, but a treasonable attempt to
poison the mind of a high Army officer to sow
dissension, insubordination, and treachery in
the Army. This, too, sirs, from the Com-
mander-in-Chief. Such conduct in an officer
or soldier is, by the Articles of War, punish-
able with death. Scores of soldiers have paid
this penalty for mutinous conduct not half so
aggravating. The moral sense not only of the
Army but of the country must be shocked at
such an exhibition from a Chief Magistrate ;
and, sirs, I will be pardoned for saying that
General Emory never did a more heroic act
than when he spurned the treacherous offer of
