4372
THJE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 23,
over spoken in Congress suggesting the possi-
bility of paying these bonds m anything but
coin.
Now, notice the effect of this suggestion.
On the following day, January 20, while the
same bili was' pending, Mr. Thomas, of Mas-
sachusetts, moved to amend by inserting the
words, u in coin'' in the first section. Mr.
Morrill, of Vermont, moved to add the words
"and bullion." Then Mr. Hortoa said, (see
Globe, vol.47, page 412:)
"I am opposed to theamendmentof thogenUman
from Vermont, which is to includc bullion withgold
in the payment of these bonds; and am in favor of
the amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, to make them payable iu gold. I wish to say
here that the Committee ofWaysandMeans.infram-
ine this bill, never dreamed that these twenty-year
bonds were payable in anything other than gold,
until the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] told it yesterday upon the floor of the House.
"Mr. Stkvbns. I ao not like to refer to what oc-
curred in committee, but I ask the gentleman from
Vermont whether ho did not stato that ho oxpccted
they would be paid in legal money?
"Mr. Horton. I say to the gentleman and to
this committee, that 1 never heard an expiesMon by
any member of the Committee of Ways and Means
of the possibility that these bond-? were to be payable
in anything other than coin. Tho form here pro-
posed is the form always used by tho Government
in the issue of these bonds, and they have always
been paid in coin up to this day, even as late as tho
31st day of Doeember, tho bonds then coining due
were paid in coin in accordance with the uniform
established practice of the Government.
"Mr. Stevens. I ought to say that I am in-
formed by tho gentleman from Vermont that he did
not make the remark in the committee which 1 just
attributed to him. 1 so understood him.
"Mr. IJokton. 1 know nothing of an> such re-
mark."
The amendment of Mr. Thomas was then
adopted without division.
Thus Mr. Speaker, I have shown that when
the original five-twenty bond bill passed tho
House in 186:2 all who referred to tho subject
stated that the principal of those bonds was
payable in gold; that the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Air. Stevens] so stated five distinct
times, and no member suggested anything to
the contrary; that when iu 18G3 that gentle-
man raised a 'doubt on the subject he was
promptly met by the statement of a leading
member of the Committee of Ways and Means
that he never before heard such a suggestion,
and nobody on the Committee of Ways and
Means dreamed of the possibility of paying
them in anything but coin ; and finally, from
abundant cautiou, and because of the donbt
thus raised, the words "in coin" were inserted
in the law authorizing the ten-forty bonds, and
so far as the record shows no other member,
either in 1862 or in 18G3, shared the gentle-
man's doubt. Let it be remembered that t
have not discussed the language of the law, but
only its history and the construction placed
upon it by those who mfode it at the time they
made it.
At the expiration of the fifteen minutes
allowed Mr. Garfield,
Mr. WASHBUIiNE, of Illinois, moved that
his time be extended for three minutes.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
I do not want to have a speech on one side only.
Mr. GABF1ELD. It is not a speech. >
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It is as
near like a speech as anything I ever heard.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask leave to print the
conclusion of my remarks.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I sup-
posy I am not allowed to reply to ,the gentle-
man now. I have no controversy with him.
"Why it is he has renewed the attack upon me
God only knows. I only referred to him as
speaking the language of another, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury; and when the proper
time comes I will show there is not a word of
truth in what either one of them says.
institution £011 the deaf and dumb.
Mr. SPALDING. I rise to submit a
report from the Committee on Appropriations
on the Senate amendments to House bill ISo.
541, making appropriations for the service of
the Columbia Institution for the Instruction
of the Deaf and Dumb, and establishing addi-
tional regulations for the government of the
institution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Letthe
amendments of the Senate be reported. The
gentleman has promised to give me twenty
minutes.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add the following to tho bill:
Sec. — A)id be it further enacted, That the following
sums be, and tho same aro hereby, appropriated, for
the purposes hereinafter expressed, for tho fiscal
year ending Juno 30,1860:
Government Hospital for tho Insane in the Dis-
trict of Columbia:
For the support, clothing, medical, and moral treat-
ment of tho insane of tho Army and Navy and
rovenuo-cuttcr scrvico, and of the indigent insane
of the District of Columbia in the Government Hos-
pital for the Insane, including $500 for books, sta-
tionery, and incidontal expenses, §90,500.
For finishing, furnishing, lighting, and heating the
unfinished part of tho east wing of the main hos-
pital edifice, ST,000.
Columbia Institution for tho Deaf and Dumb:
For tho support of tho institution, including $1,000
for books and illustrative apparatus, $25,000.
For the propor inolosuve. improvement, and en-
largement of tho grounds of tho institution, in ac-
cordance with plans heretofore submitted to Congress,
$5,600.
Columbia Hospital for Women and Lying-in
Asylum:
For tho support of tho asylum, ovef and above the
piobabie amount which will bo received from inde-
pendent. or pay patients, §15,000.
For the completion of the Providence Hospital, in
Washington city, District of Columbia, §30,000.
For tho National Soldiers'and Sailois' Orphans'
Homo, in tho city of Washington, Distriot of Colum-
bia, UO.UOO.
For euro, support, and medical treatment of sixty
transient paupers medicnl and surgical patients, in
sonic proper medical institution in the city of Wash-
ington, under a. contract to bo formed with such in-
stitution, §12,000, or so much thorcof as may be
ncecbsary.
Mr. SPALDING. The Committee on Ap-
propriations recommend eoncurrcnce in the
amendment for the proper inelosure, &c , of
the grounds of the Columbia Institution for the
Deaf and Dumb, reducing the appropriation
from $5,GOO to $3,GOO. They also recommend
concurrence in the amendment for the com-
pletion of the Providence Hospital, with the
following proviso:
Provided, Thatall expenditures for tho said Provi-
dence llospual, under appropriations of Congress,
shall be uiado under tho diiectiou and control of tho
Surgeon General of the Army, whoso duty it shall bo
to report at the December session of every Congress
a full andeompletestatomcntol the expenses incurred
under and by virtue of appropriations made by
Congress.
They also recommend concurrence in tho
appropriation for transient paupers with the
following proviso:
Provided, Said contract shall bo made by tho Sur-
geon Goneial of the Army, who shall repott to the
December session of every Congress, stating with
whom the said contract is ntado and tho amount
thereof.
They recommend concurrence in all the others
without amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from Ohio yields to me to move an
amendment to the bill.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Is it in
order to amend the bill when it has been
adopted by both Houses?
The SPEAKER. It cannot be amended,
but it is in order to move to add to it.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Add to tho bill as follows :
That the Secretary of the Interior, the chief jus-
tice of the supremo court of the District of Colum-
bia, the Surgeon Gen cral of the Army, the chief of
the Bureau of Medical Surgery of the Navy, and the
Commissioner of Public Buildings, Grounds, and
Works, shall constitute acommission. which shall bo
known and designated as the "Commission of Char-
ities for the District of Columbia."
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That the said
commission shall organize immediately upon the
passage of this act, and tho Secretary of tho Interior
shall be president thereof, and he shall designate as
secretary of the said commission a clerk of his De-
partment, who is of the fourth class, and who shall
keep a record of all the proceedings and transac-
tions of the said commission.
Sec.—. And beit further enacted, Thatthcsaid com-
mission shall have tho full control and direction of
all the appropriations made by Congress to the
charitable institutions of the said Di^tuct of Colum-
bia, and of all such appropriations as may bo made
for the purpose of charity in the said District, and
shall have tho power of visitation and examination
of all the institutions in the said District to the sup-
port of which appropriations shall fee made by Con-
gress. So money shall be drawn from the appropri-
ations made to the charitable institutions Of the
District, or for the purposes of charity in said Dis-
trict, except upon the requisition of the president of
the commission, made upon an order of the commis-
sion, duly entered in the journal of their proceed-
ings and all the accounts of the said board shall be
audited by the First Auditor of the Treasury. .And
it is hereby provided that the provisions of this act
shall not be deemed to include the Government Hos-
pital for the Insane in the District of Columbia.
gEC And beit further enacted That no money
shall be expended for the Columbia Institution for
tho Doafand Dumb, for the Columbia Hospital for
Women and Lying-in Asylum, and for the Provi-
dence Hospital, until the title to the property, real
and poi>onal, of such institutions shall be transierred
to the United States by conveyances, certified.as be-
ing valid by the Attorney General of the United
States, and conveying all the right, title, and inter-
est of the said institutions in the property conveyed.
gKC.—. And be it further enacted, lhat it shall bo
tho duty of the said commission to make a full re-
port to Congress, at the December session of each
year, of nil its transactions and of all tbe expendi-
tures made under its direction, togefherwith a state-
ment oftho condition of the charitable institutions
of tho District for which appropriations shall have
boon previously made and which shall have been
expended uudor its direction.
Mr. WASHBUIiNE, of Illinois. There is
another amendment which the gentleman from;
Ohio consents I shall offer, to reduce the
amount appropriated lor the Columbia Institu-
tion for the Deaf and Dumb from $25,000 to
$12,500.
The SPEAKER. Thatamendment will also
bo considered as pending.
Mr. SPALDING. I now call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Spaldikg] is now entitled to the floor for
one hour.
Mr. SPALDING. I yield to the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Washburne] for twenty
minutes.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope, Mr.
Speaker, I shall not occupy that much time,
because this question has already been pretty
thoroughly discussed ; and I would not ask
any time if I did not think the distinguished
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] did me
injustice, unintentional of course, when this
question was up the other day, in replying, I
think, with undue severity to the points which
I made in my report. As a member of tho
Committee on Appropriations, upon which
you, Mr. Speaker, placed me, it became my
duty to tbe House and the country to examine
into the matters connected with this institution
for the deaf and dumb. In my report, which
was concurred in by three other member of the
committee, making the minority four against
live, 1 showed that we had appropriated $325,000
to this private corporation ; and that this vast
sum had been expended without any control
i or direction oil the part of the United States.
What I maintained was that when we make
appropriations for charities in the District—
and I will not be behind any man in making
such appropriations in proper amounts for
deserving objects and under adequate restric-
tions—it is our duty to see that the expenditure
of these appropriations is under proper con-
trol and direction by the Government which
appropriates for them. I showed that the party
connected with this institution who has had
the disbursement of this vast sum of $325,000
has only given one bond, which was given in
18fi2for $5,000; that we have had no control of
that disbursement, and have no proper litiowl-
(| edge of how it was made. I ask gentlemen
j| whether this is the manner in which to vote
[ away the money of our constituents to an insti-
ll tution of this kind?
|j 1 acknowledge that it is our duty to educate
ji and take care of every deaf and dumb person
j| belonging to the District of Columbia unable
jj to procure an education, but I am unwilling
I that_ we shall establish here a great eleemosyn-
ary institution for the benefit of all the States
ot the Union; we have no constitutional right
to do it. I offered the other day my substitute
lor the bill, creating a commission to overlook
aud control the funds appropriated for chari-
