1888.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1B01
Total loss.....    $24,264 49
To which add the commissions paid on
S3,141,GOO at, one eighth of one per cent.. 10,177 00
Total..
  €34,441 49
Now, sir, Ike Secretary of the Treasury says
in this report that he was compelled to sell
these bonds for the purpose of meeting requisi-
tions upon the Treasury. I have made this
rej tort l'rom the Committee of Ways and Means
to show the transactions going on in the De-
partment during three months, lfyou go back
three or four years you can make an estimate
yourselves of the losses incurred and tke wrongs
perpetrated on the tax-payers of the country.
I now call the attention of the House to the
report of the Secretary of the Treasury made
over his own signature on the 1st day of this
month, only three days after he made that
oiher report. He had then in the Treasury in
coin $98,491,162 70, and in currency $25,578,-
150 Gl, a surplus after paying the requisitions
on the Treasury; and yet he tells this House,
in answer to the resolution which I introduced,
that he sold these $8,000,000 of bonds to
get money to pay requisitions when he had a
surplus of $25,000,000 on hand three days after
he made that report. He says in this report
that lie has not contracted the currency by
doing this.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask a question?
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. KELLEY. I would inquire whether
the $25,000,000 he speaks of embraces the
average $30,000,000 on deposit in the banks?
Mr. LOGAN. I do not know ; the Secre-
tary does not say so; I should think not.
Mr. PRUYN. What was the rate of com-
mission paid ?
Mr. LOGAN. The rate was one eighth of
one per cent., amounting to $10,177. 1 only
asked information in reference to these ten-
forty bond sales for ninety days. It is very
easy to get at the balance by another reso-
lution. These facts to which I have called
attention are stated by the Secretary in his
report, showing a loss of over $34,000 to the
Government of the United States by the man-
agement of this man, the Secretary of the
Treasury. Now, he says he did not contract
the currency; over his own signature he says he
did not intend to contract the currency. Now,
I want to have him explain how it is he could
put bonds upon the market and sell them for
currency and yet say he did not contract the
currency.
Mr. WOOD. I would ask if there is any
proposition before the House.
Mr. LOGAN. There is ; I am speaking
upon a resolution I have submitted. And 1
will call the attention of the House to another
fact. On yesterday I introduced a bill to re-
peal all laws allowing any commission for sell-
ing bonds for the Government. I have talked
with gentlemen connected with the Treasury
Department—I will not give their names—
whose statements I would take sooner than I
would take the statements of gentlemen who
make reports like this. They tell me that the
sale of these bonds can be made at the Treas-
ury Department without any interference with
the other business of the Department and with-
out any cost to the Government; the Treasurer
of the United States told me so himself. If
that is the case, then I hope this House will
pass the resolution I have offered and call upon
Mr. McCulloch to explain how it is that he
did not contract the currency by the sale of
$8,000,000 of bonds ; how it is lie did not sell
them at the highest market price, and how it
is that he had to sell those bonds at all when
he had $25,000,000 surplus in the Treasury,
besides some thirty odd millions on deposit in
the national banks, as stated by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley.] I want
these explanations given to the House by the
'Secretary of the Treasury.
I desire to state further te this House that
an examination by a sub-committee brought to
light a copy of a letter which was in the hands
of a bafiker in New York, dated the 30th of
December last; a letter purporting to be writ-
ten to a gentleman controlling a national bank,
in which it was stated that the Secretary of the
Treasury would accept ten-forty bonds in lieu
of five-twenty bonds at 87£. In this report he
says that none has been received at a higher
rate than 85. Now, I propose to send a copy
of that letter with this resolution to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. One of his own clerks
lias sworn that it is a correct copy from the
office books of a letter signed by Secretary
McCulloch. A copy of it was obtained from
New York, where it was circulated in order
to put up the price of bonds in January. It
may possibly explain why these $8,000,000
of bonds were sold to a few pet banks. I send
a copy of that letter with this resolution in
order that the Secretary may have an opportu-
nity to explain.
1 make no charges against the Secretary of
the Treasury; I only state the facts as they
appear in his report to this House, and I pro-
pose to ask him to explain this report and the
letter of which we have a copy, to state why it
was written, if it was ever complied with, and,
if it was complied with, why ho did not report
that he had taken eighty-seven and a half cents
for these ten-forty bonds.
Mr. NIBLACK. Will the gentleman allow
me to make a single suggestion?
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. NIBLACK. I beg to inquire of the
gentleman whether it would not be better to
abstain from any comment upon the action of
the Secretary of the Treasury until we get his
answer to the proposed resolution?
Mr. LOGAN. That is exactly what I pro-
pose to do. I have made no comments except
upon what is contained in tho resolution. I
have only slated to the House my reasons for
offering the resolution. My object is that the
Secretary of the Treasury shall have an oppor-
tunity to explain the facts. I have said all
that J desire to say. I ask that the resolution
bo read, and then I will ask the vote of tho
House upon it. Gentlemen can then say
whether or not they want Mr. McCulloch to
furnish this information.
Mr. PRUYN. Will the gentleman allow
me to make an inquiry?
Mr. LOGAN". Certainly.
Mr. PRUYN. I understood the gentleman
to say that on the amount of securities lie has
named the difference between the price at the
New York stock board and tho price actually
realized is about twenty-four thousand dollars.
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. PRUYN. Has the gentleman in his
calculation taken into consideration the per-
centage ?
Mr. LOGAN. What percentage?
Mr. PRUYN. The percentage of difference.
Mr. LOGAN. I have.
Mr. PliUYN. At what rate has it been
assumed on the average?
Mr. LOGAN. I am glad the gentleman
has asked me that question 
Mr. PRUYN. The reason I make the in-
quiry is this: we all know that large amounts
of bonds cannot be sold at the same rate at
which small amounts can be sold. The pur-
chaser of a large amount must take tho risk
of the market.
Mr. LOGAN. I will explain that matter.
I will stale to the gentleman that in taking
the prices at the. New York stock board ] did
Mr. McCulloch the justice to take, not the
highest price at which bonds were sold, but
the lowest price. If 1 had taken the highest
price it would have made a difference of over
twenty-seven thousand dollars in the pre-
miums. But-1 took the lowest price, and that
makes the difference more than twenty-four
thousand dollars. And further, in taking the
prices at the stock board I have not taken the
price offered or the price bid, but I have
taken the price in sales absolutely made. More
than that, I have taken the lowest price at
which sales were made. Reaching the result
iu this way, I find the difference to be more than
twenty-four thousand dollars. This difference
I desire the Secretary of the Treasury to ex-
plain, because if the same thing has gone on
for two or three years with regard to all the
bonds sold by the Government it is easy for
us to understand how many men have got rich
and why the Government has been getting
poor. I now ask that the resolution be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to inform this House whether the original
letter, of which the annexed is acopy, dated Decem-
ber HO, 1867, was signed bybim ; if so, to whom it was
addressed, and whether the propositions therein
contained were complied with by the parties to
whom it was addressed. Also, to inform this Houso
whether the sale of ten-foity bonds from October 16.
18G7, to January 20, 1868, were at rates equal to the
quotations of sales in New York city on those seve-
ral days respectively; why tho amount paid into the
Treasury for the sale of said bonds did notwithdraw
currency from the business of tho country; and why
the operations of the treasury Department for some
months past have been such as to diminish rather
than increase the balance in currency in the Treas-
ury of tho United States, as stated in his communi-
cation dated January 28, in reply to a resolution of
the House of Representatives of the 21st of January
last.  
December 30,1867.
Sir : I am in receipt of your letter of the 24th in-
stant in reference to substituting ten-forty bonds for
five-twenty bonds now held by the Treasurer as part
security tor the circulation of your bank, and saying
you would like to make the exchange upon the basis
of dollar for dollar.
Tho current market value of ten-forty bonds is not
even now quite par, registered bonds selling at 101%
including torn months accrued interest in gold, which,
at thirty-three andone third premium, would reduce
the bonds to
As, however, tho current market value Of these
bonds has tor some months been within one or two
per cent, of par, I shall have no hesitation to receivo
them in exchange for your five-twenties at 873^. If
you conclude to iua.ke the exchange on these terms
it will be necessary for you to torwaid to this office
a properly authenticated copy of aresolution of your
board of directors authorizing yonrselt or your cash-
ier to make the exchange, and also the treasurer's
receipt for the bonds you wish to withdraw.
The amount of ten-forties required to release
$611,000 five-twenties (the amount held for account
of your bank) is $628,500.
Very respectfully,  .
The SPEAKER. This being a call for ex-
ecutive information, it requires unanimous con-
sent on this day.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will it not be fair to the
Secretary of the Treasury also to propound to
him the inquiry whether the instructions given
to J ay Cooke & Co. wore different from those
heretofore given on the same subject? It is a
well-known fact these gentlemen have made
the sale of most of our bonds since the begin-
ning. %
Mr. LOGAN. I do not know anything
about who makes them. Mr. McCulloch has
not informed the House the name of any indi-
vidual. He only refers to the First National
Bank. Hence 1 do not propose to put in any-
body's name.
Mr. HOLMAN. I understand the gentle-
man has named Jay Cooke & Co. as the parties
wlro made the sale.
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, sir; but he does not say
so in his report.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let him be asked whether
the instructions giver, to Jay Cooke & Co. were
the same as those formerly given.
Mr. LOGAN. If the gentleman proposes
to have the Secretary answer that question I
do not object to the amendment of the resolu-
tion.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is only fair.
Mr. LOGAN. We ask the Secretary why
he did certain things. That is all.
Mr. BROOKS. I will object to save all
further trouble. This appears to be a New
York broker's Wall street affair, and I object.
Mr. LOGAN. I want to know what the
gentleman's remark is.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman will add: ess
me less offensively.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not address iae gentle-
man offensively.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman's tone and
manner are a little terrible.
Mr. LOGAN. Not at all. sir. I under-
stand the gentleman to say this is a Wall street
broker's game.
