THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
267
high command which he knew would await him
should he lendhimselftothe conspiracy already-
hutched by the President.
_ Now, sirs, how is this extraordinary inter-
view explained by the accused ? He says in his
answer that his purpose was to ascertain what
changes had been made in the military affairs
of this department. That may have been one
of his motives, but is it to be believed for a
moment that this was all? To do this we must
shut our eyes to allthe cumulative evidence in
this case. No one was threatening to use force
against Mr. Johnson. There was no effort
being made to oust him from office by force,
lie had nothing to apprehend from the military
forces of this Department. There was no un-
usual excitement anywhere in the country that
made it necessary for him to marshal these
forces. The only thing, sirs, which he had
any reason to apprehend might happen was,
that in the event he persisted in his design to
execute his order to remove the Secretary of
War, this military force might not be found
subservient to his wishes. And here we have
a key which unlocks his treasonable designs.
Here we have his motive made plain as the
sunlight. He could not, by open confession,
disclose more certainly what was intended by
him when he summoned General Einory to his
presence. It was not a proper question to ask
that officer, when upon the witness stand, what
he understood the President to mean by that
cabalistic manner with which he introduced
the subject of recent changes in the military
forces made within a day or two. That is a
question for you, Senators, to answer. General
Emory could have answered it but one way.
But let us bee whether the turn which the con-
versation took does not of itself show the lead-
ing motive which the President had in mind.
General Emory had responded fully as to the
question put him, and assured the President
that there had been no recent changes, and
could be none (under the law and orders)
without General Emory's first knowing it.
There the conversation ought to have ended
if the President's answer is held to disclose
the whole truth. General Emory read to him
the law by which he was guided, and the Pres-
ident himself took it and read it, and imme-
diately observed:
" Thisisnotin conformity with the Constitution of
the United fitates, which makes me Commander-in-
Chief, or with the terms of your commission."
General Emory replied, speaking of the
order which promulgated that law:
" That is the order which you have approved and
issued to the Army for our government."
The Commander-in-Chief being thus baffled
by his subordinate, made this reply:
" Am I to understand that the President of the
United States cannot give an order except through
the General of the Army, or General Grant?"
This last answer is a complete portraiture of
the President's motives, and his disappoint-
ment in not finding in Emory a willing tool
through whom he might prosecute his designs.
To put this in other pluase it would read :
"Then, General Emory, I am to understand you
will not obey my orders unless I communicate them
throughGenerai Grant?"
General Emory felt himself called upon to
say that with regard to this law the Army were
a unit. Of its meaning the President could
have no doubt, for after listening to General
Emory a moment longer, he remarked, with
apparent disappointment at the result of the
interview, "The object of the law is evident,"'
and they then separated.
When we remember that this is but one of
the links in the chain being forged by the ac-
cused with which to manacle (he Secretary of
War and bind a great department of the Gov-
ernment to the Juggernaut used by him to
crush all opposition to executive will, the of-
fense appears in hideous distinctness. That it
was such a link to be thus used I am forced
to believe, and I leave it to await the judgment
of this high court.
I am_disinclined, after this protracted dis-
cussion, to dwell at any length upon the tenth
and eleventh articles ; and yet I beg not to be
understood as derogating from their import-
ance or their gravity. The accused is here
charged not only with improprieties and inde-
cencies of speech; he is not only called to
answer iutemperate, disgraceful, incendiary,
and riotous language, but he is charged with
following up the purposes avowed in these
speeches by overt acts looking directly to the
obstruction of the laws which he had sworn to
take care should be faithfully executed. If
the conduct of this accused, in his official capa-
city, in word, act, and deed, has not shown
conclusively his guilt under both of these arti-
cles then there could be no proof adduced,
however strong, that would be sufficient.
The proof does show his unlawful attempt
to obstruct the laws as therein charged. I will
not again do more than to ask your examina-
tion of the facts proved and found in the re-
corded testimony, which shows how eagerly he
entered npon the dangerous business of ob-
structing and defying the laws of the country.
As to his speeches, upon which the tenth ar-
ticle is based, look at them, read them ; there
they stand in history as a monument of his
everlasting disgrace. Thegreat labor ofexplain-
ing and justifying such speeches and conduct is
certainly in able hands. It is defended and
justified as one of the great privileges of the
President of the United States to be guilty of
such indecency, impropriety, vulgarity, pro-
fanity, and impiety of speech as to offend the
moral sense of the whole people. It is for
them to show how far the liberty of indecent
speech in a high official may be indulged before
it reaches that unwarrantable license wlTerethe
only power than can will step in and correct
the wrong. The idea that a President may so
demean himself by indecent speech as to make
hiin a scoff and byword, and place himself so
low in the moral scale that none " would stoop
to touch his loftiest thought,'' and yet not be
guilty of such misdemeanors as would call for
the very action we have taken, is beyond my
ken.
"0 judgment,, thou :irt fled to brutish beasts,
And men have lost their reason."
The defense have not, by their evidence,
contradicted what we have proven, but have
only strengthened our case. There has been
no proof adduced on the part of the defendant
that cither will justify or excuse his unlawful
acts. The evidence of General Sherman, and
all others put on the stand by the defense,
only make his guilt the more manifest. The
attempt by documentary evidence to prove the
practice of the Government to justify his act
proves that the practice has been to obey the
law and not violate it, as all appointments and
removals proved have been made under some
existing law, either the laws of 1789, 1795,
1820, 1850, or some authority in law upon
which the act was based. Cut suppose every
other Administration had violated the law,
would that justify the violation of a positive
enactment making its violation a crime or mis-
demeanor? Certainly not. If so, a murderer
might justify his murder on the grounds that
murders were common in the country from the
commencement of the Governmeat tothepres-
ent time. Eveti the advice of his Cabinet
cannot excuse him. Bjr advising a crime they
cannot shield their chief, but may be impeach-
able themselves for advising a disobedience of
law. But it is all of record, and 1 will not pur-
sue it further. We have laid bare his offenses.
In all that has been proven, or aught of his
conduct since President, which is a matter of
history, there is not. to be found a good motive
for his conduct. He is found without any of
the elements necessary to fit him for any offi-
cial position.
Goodness, clemency, and a proper liberality
should be among the virtues that adorn a Chief
Magistrate. With the aid of these he should
be able to greatly assist in the amelioration of
the condition of the whole people. The chief
end of all his actions should be to promote
peace, safety, prosperity, and happiness to the
nation.
This was the idea of the heathen philoso-
phers ; they defined a good prince as " one who
endeavors to render his subjects happy.;" " and
a tyrant," on the contrary, "one who only
aims at his own private advantage."
An example of the first we had in the
lamented Lincoln, and of the latter in Mr.
Johnson.
Mr. Lincoln was endowed with one of the
most genial souls that Heaven ever gave to man
and an intellect of most wonderful power. His
apprehension was quick, his judgment sound,
his conclusions correct. His mind was suffi-
ciently capacious to comprehend all the vast
range of thought to which occasion gave scope.
He met the critical hour of duty to his country
like a statesman aud a man. He sustained
loyalty and gave all his strength in crushing
treason. Instead of denouncing your Congress,
he consulted and advised with them for the
good of the country. Instead of vetoing every
law, he aided and assisted in giving them force.
Instead of openly violating the plain provisions
of your enactments, he executed them faith-
fully, as was his duty.
. How a Government is to be administered
while peace is smiling is one thing, and how
it is to be administered amid the horrors of
war is quite another thing. Mr. Lincoln had
wants hourly multiplying upon his hands that
before or since were unheard of. The diffi-
culties with which the war on our hands was
complicated were almost interminable; but
with each new-found difficulty he found new
strength, hope, aud energy, until all obstacles
were overcome and the war ended. But at the
very dawn of the nation's new birth, resting
from his labors and contemplating that peace
that was then breaking through the dark, angry
clouds of war, be fell by the hand of an
assassin.
Yes, his sun has set forever. Loyalty's
gentle voice can no longer wake thrills of joy
along the tuneless chords of his moldering
heart. Yet the patriots and lovers of liberty,
who still linger on the shore of time, rise and
bless his memory; and millions yet unborn
will in after times rise up to deplore his fate
and cherish as a household word his deathless
name.
Mr. President and Senators, what patriots
that linger behind will rise up and bless the
memory of Andrew Johnson? Who will in
after times rise up to deplore the fate that now
surely awaits him? Who will cherish as a
household word his dishonoied name? None,
none, Mr. President; no, not onel No, sir;
the virtues that should adorn a Chief Magis-
trate fled on the induction of this criminal into
thathigh office. In sadness and sorrow didtho
people witness this man succeed to the execu-
tive chair—not by their spontaneuos voice, not
by their free accord, but by the ministration of
the murderer's missive. They witnessed him,
who had acquired power by such a sorrowful
and inauspicious chance, bending blindly to the
behests of those whose adherents, if not they
themselves, had lately been in rebellious arms
against that Constitution which he had sworn
to protect and maintain. They saw him, flushed
with arrogance and pride, despise the warnings
of the people and deride the mandates of their
legislators. When an act of the legislative
department of the Government would notiuure
to his advantage politically they saw him openly
violate and trample it under foot. When loy-
alty was supported and peace attempted to be
perpetuated they saw liim disregard their will
and throw all manner of obstructions in the
way.
When the officers of the Government would
not bend the knee and cry "great and good
prince," they saw him attempt to hurl them
from his courts. When the commander of the
Army would not do his bidding they have seen
him conspire to destroy Ms good name aad
fame before the country. When the country
was at ease they have seen him give it grief
and pain. When at peace and rest they have
seen his attemptto give it revolution and blood.
They saw him with a ruthless and heavy hand
attempt to seize the nation's purse aud the
