268
SUPPLEMENT TO
nation's sword, and thus, by clutching in his
longing grasp all the attributes of power, place
himself in a condition where he might with
safety announce his views and eniorce his
designs.
They felt the weight of his great office fall
like an enshrouding pall over a suffering peo-
ple. They marked with alarm and consterna-
tion his rapid strides to that point where his
sway would have been autocratic and his reign
irresistible. It was not alone by force that this
was to be accomplished. By appeals which
were designing, and all the more dangerous
because of apparent candor, he drew to him
the careless and unsuspecting. By pledges,
all the more reprehensible because of plighted
honor, he soothed the suspicions of the cau-
tious and the wise. By profuse disposition of
rewards in his hands he gained the mercenary
and attracted the unscrupulous; and where
the pliant arts of flattery and persuasion failed
to accomplish his intended views, by the stern
show of his power and authority he awed the
timid and overbore the weak.
These, sirs, we have manifested, if by our
proof we have made aught manifest. And to
all this what does he reply? That, though his
acts were bad, his motives were good; that,
though his course was unlawful, his heart was
well-meaning; that he trampled on the law in
order that he might uphold the law; that he
disregarded his oalh the better to enable him
to keep it. When we ask him why he set aside
the law of the land he replies that it was be-
cause it was opposed to the Constitution of the
land; and when weagaiu inquire as to the Con-
stitution of the land we are assured that it is
his prerogative to construe it even in violation
of the laws of the land. Have I stated this be-
yond the line of his defense? Have I wronged
him by one unjust description of his conduct
or his claim? if not, shall this state of things
longer exist? Shall we snap the chains that
bind us or continue in them longer? (Shall we
vindicate the law or crouch at the usurper's
frown? Shall we vindicate to-day the princi-
ple that underlies the very foundation of this
Government or allow the laws to be trampled
under foot at the will of every tyrant?
it is a fundamental principle of this Govern-
ment that there shall be a known rule and huv
by which not only the conduct of the citizen,
but all officers, including the Chief Magistrate
of the nation, shall be legulated and governed.
This is a Government ol laws and not. of men.
It is this principle which distinguishes this re-
publican lorm of Government of oursliom the
monarchies of the Old World.
1 repeat, .sirs, this is a Government of laws
and not of men. Never before, 1 believe, was
it known in this enlightened country that the
executive head of the nation had the arrogance
to take upon himself not only the executive,
but the judicial functions of the Government.
No, sir; under the smiles of that merciful
Providence who had watched over and guided
the destinies of the people, wo have hitherto
been exempt, and I trust in God shall here-
after continue to be, from the affliction of that
most direful scourge, a Chief Executive with
full discretionary powers to execute a law or
declare it unconstitutional at will. It is not
that which pleaseth nor that which is most con-
sonant with the humor and inclination of the
President, but the law, which should be the
rule of his conduct. I trust, sirs, that the time
will never again come in the history of this
nation when, by elevation to the Presidency,
any one will become so infatuated us to imagine
himself independent of that rule, or to set up
his own private judgment or opinions as the
only standard by which he will be guided or
governed. Then, sirs, whether wo shall in the
future witness this at tempt in other Executives
depends upon your decision upon the issues in
this ease involved. Being the grand tribunal
from which there can be no appeal, you should
propeily reflect the law and the testimony,
i he pure stream of public justice should How
gently along, undisturbed by any false pretense
on the part of the defendant or false sympathy
upon your part. The President should not be I
permitted to play the necromancer with this j
Senate as he did with the country through the j
law department of the executive branch of the •
Government, whereby he raised a tempest that !
he himself could not control. Well might he
have exclaimed:
"I am the rider of the wind,
The stirrer of the storm;
The hurricane I left behind
Is yet with lightning warm."
But, thanks to the wisdom of our far-seeing
patriot sires, you, Senators, are, by our Con-
stitution, made the great power that shall calm
the tempest and so direct the lightning that
its strokes shall be warded off from the peo-
ple and fall only upon the head of their op-
pressor.
Yes, Senators, we fervently hope and confi-
dently rely upon you to calm the storm, and
prevent the Temple of Liberty being dashed to
earth by the hurricane. We cannot, will not
believe that we are or will be mistaken in those
in whom we now place our trust. Methinks I
hear a voice coming up from the lowly pillows
of patriotism's immortal martyrs, saying, "Be
of good cheer, all will yet be well." We can-
not, will not believe that the respondent's un-
just appeals will avail him now. lie appeals
to the truth of history to vindicate him in the
acts of former Executives; but truth itself
rises up from the midst of the mass of testi-
mony here adduced, and says, even in this
appeal, he has polluted God's holy sanctuary ;
and when on justicc he relics to protect him,
and lift him up out of his difficulties, justice
comes forward in all her majesty and declares
that he has not only trampled the laws of man \
but of God under foot. When he indirectly
asks that the mantle of charily shall by you be
thrown over his shortcomings and violations !
of law clemency steps forward, and with a
loud voice cries, "Forbearance lias ceased to
be a virtue; " ''Mercy to this criminal would
be cruelty to the State."
Fiom the 11th day of April, 18G5, to this
day, as shown by the testimony, he has been
consistent only with himself and the evil spirits
of his Administration. False to the people who
took him from obseuiity and conferred on him
splendor; who dug him from that oblivion to
which he had been consigned by the treason
of his State, and gave him that distinction I
which, as disclosed by his subsequent acts, he
never merited and has so fearfully scandalized,
disgraced, and dishonored ; false to the memory
of him whose death made him Piesideut; false
to the principles of our contest for national
life; false to the Constitution and laws of the
land and his oath of office; filled with all
vanity, lust, and pride; substituting, with the
most disgusting self-complacency and ignor-
ance, his own coarse, brutalized will for the
will of the people, and substituting his vulgar,
vapid, and ignorant utterances for patriotism,
statesmanship, and faithful public service, he
has completed his circle of high crimes and -
misdemeanors; and, thanks to Almighty God,
by the imbedded wisdom of our fathers found \
in the Constitution of our country, he stands
to-day, with all his crimes upon his head, |
uncovered before the world, at the bar of this
the most august tribunal on earth, to receive
the awful sentence that awaits him as a iitting
punishment for the crimes and misdemeanors
of which he stands impeached by the House
of .Representatives, in the name and on behalf
of all the people.
Here, Senators, wc rest our case; here we
leave the great criminal of the age. In your
bauds, as wisely provided by the charter of
our liberties, this offender against the Consti-
tution, the laws, liberty, peace, and public
decency of our country is now left to be finally
and, in the name of all the people, we humbly
trust, disposed of forever, in such manner as
no more to outrage the memories of an heroic
and illustrious past, nor dim the hopes, ex-
pectations, and glories of the coming future.
Let us, we implore you, no more hear his re-
sounding footfalls in the temple of American
constitutional liberty, nor have the vessels of
the ark of the covenant of our fathers polluted
by his unholy hands. Let not the blood of a
half million of heroes who went to their deaths
on the nation's battle-fields for the nation's
life cry from the ground against us on account
of the crimes permitted by us, and committed
by him whom we now leave in your hands.
Standing here to-day for the last time with
my brother Managers, to take leave of this
case and this great tribunal, 1 am penetrated
and overwhelmed with emotion. Memory is
busy with the scenes of the years which have
intervened between March 4, lbOl, and this
day. Our great war, its battles and ten thou-
sand incidents, without mental bidding and
beyond control, almost pass in panoramic view
before me. As in the presence of those whom
I have seen fall in battle as we ruslied to vic-
tory, or die of wounds or disease in hospital
far from home and the loved ones, to be seen
no more until the grave gives up its dead, have
I endeavored to discharge my humble part in
this great trial.
The world in after times will read thehistory
of the administration of Andrew Johnson as
an illustration of the depth to which political
and official perfidy can descend. Amid the un-
healed ghastly scars of war; surrounded by
the weeds of widowhood and cries of orphan-
age; associating with and sustained by the
soldiers of the Republic, of whom at one time
he claimed to be one ; surrounded by the men
who had supported, aided, and cheered Mr. Lin-
coln through the darkest hours and sorest trials
of his sad yet immortal administration—men
whose lives had been dedicated to the cause
of justice, law, and universal liberty—the men
who lntd nominated and elected liiin to the
second office in the nation at a time when he
scarcely dared visit his own home because of
the traitorous instincts of hisown people ; yet,
as shown by his official acts, messages, speeches,
conversations, and associations, almost from
the time when the blood of Lincoln was warm
on the floor of Ford's theater, Andrew John-
son was contemplating treason to all the fresh
fruits of the overthrown and crushed rebel-
lion, and an affiliation with and a practical
official and hearty sympathy for those who had
cost hecatombs of slain citizens, billions of
treasure, and an almost ruined country. His
great aim and purpose has been to subvert
law, usurp authority, insult and outrage Con-
gress, reconstruct t.he rebel States in the in-
terests of treason, insult the memories and
resting-places of our heroic dead ; outrage the
feelings and deride the principles of the living
men who aided in saving the Union, and de-
liver all snatched from wreck and ruin into
the hands of unrepentent, but by him pardoned,
traitors.
But, all honor to the servants of a brave and
loyal people, he has been in strict conformity
to t.he Constitution arrested in bis career of
crime, impeached, arraigned, tried, and here
awaits your sentence. We are not doubtiul
of your verdict. Andrew Johnson has long
since been tried by the whole people and found
guilty, and you can but confirm that judgment
already pronounced by the sovereign Ameri-
can people.
Henceforth our career of greatness will be
unimpeded. Rising from our baptism of lire
and blood, purified by our sufferings and trials
under the approving smiles of Heaven, and
freed, as we are, from the crimes of oppression
and wrong, the patriot heart looks outward and
onward for long and ever-increasing national
prosperity, virtue, and happiness.
Hon. GEORGE S. BOUTWELL, on behalf
of the Managers, addressed the Senate, as
follows:
Mr. President, Senators : The importance
of this occasion is due to the unexampled cir-
cumstance that the Chief Magistrate of the
principal Republic of the world is on trial upon
the charge that he is guilty of high crimes and
misdemeanors in office. The solemnity of this
occasion is due to the circumstance that thia
