1302
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,.
Mr. BROOKS. There seem to be no names
in the inquiry. There is a letter from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, I suppose, to some
Wall street broker. I do not know; I cannot
tell from the resolution; but it looks like one
of those numerous fights existing among the
brokers in Wall street as to ten-forty and five-
twenty bonds.
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir.
Mr. BROOKS. Permit me to go on. I
have no idea that the gentleman from Illinois
is in any way concerned in it whatsoever; but
there are numerous impositions to which all
of us are more or less subject, and it is not
wise to inquire into these things without refer-
ence to some committee.
Mr. LOGAN. I will explain how it is.
Mr. SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York has objected to the resolution.
Mr. LOG-AN. I hope he will withdraw liis
objection until I can explain about this matter.
Mr. BROOKS. T withdraw the objection.
Mr. LOGAN. I will say this, in reference to
this letter being a Wall street broker dodge—
Mr. BROOKS. I did not use the word
"dodge."
Mr. LOGAN. It is no Wall street affair. It
has nothing to do with a Wall street broker,
nor have I any connection with any Wall
street broker. The letter was obtained in this
way : a clerk from the banking bureau—I be-
lieve that is the term ; at least of the bureau
where all the bonds of the national banks are
kept—came before our sub-committee, the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper]
and myself; we swore him, and then examined
him about this letter which has been read. I
have not stated, and do not propose to state, all
I have heard about it. I wish the Secretary
of the Treasury to answer for himself. The
clerk testified this was a verbatim copy of a
letter placed upon the records by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, a copy of which was fur-
nished to a banker in New York. Now, sir, I
propose he shall state why he furnished this
information to New York brokers. That is
the object of the resolution. It is not to aid
brokers, but to give the Secretary a chance
to explain why the copy of such a letter
should be furnished to a New York broker
when there had been no action 011 it.
Mr. BROOKS. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to say this is the report of a commit-
tee? -
Mr. LOGAN. It comes from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, nil being pftscut ex-
cept the gentleman himself.
Mr. BROOKS. Then I withdraw my ob-
jection. . .
The SPEAKER. The resolution is then
before the House uuless further objection be
made.
There was no objection.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to say to the
House that I consider this resolution is rti a
very right direction, and calculated to do great
good to the country in breaking up root and
branch this system of secret sales by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury with favorite brokers
throughout the country. I think this House
should, as speedily as the business will permit,
break up this whole system of making the peo-
ple of the country pay commissions for the sale
and conversion of bonds.
I further desire to remind the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr Lo&ax] that some three
weeks a o, when my attention was called to an
article in the New York Evening Post, therein
it was stated that during ten months of the last
year $9-1,000 was paid by the Secretary ot the
Treasury for the conversion of our bonds
unnecessarily, I introduced a bill, which was
referred to the Committee of Ways ana Means,
to break up the whole system of paying com-
mission and in lieu thereof to compelthegov-
ernment to advertise whenever it wanted to
make sales, transfers, or conversion ot its
bonds, so that every man in the country cou a
see the ins and the oats, and the trickery could
be exposed in that particular.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to amend the resolu-
tion in one word. I believe it reads ' whether
he signed a copyI intended it should reau
"whether he signed the original of which this
is a copy."
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by
consent of the House, as it comes from a com-
mittee.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not know whether
the gentleman intends to take mo off my feet
or not.
Mr. LOGAN. I thought the gentleman had
got through.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] to hear me.
There is no objection to this information being
furnished, and undoubtedly the Secretary ot
the Treasury will furnish any information the
House may require, as he has done heretofore
whenever he has been called upon. I submit,
inasmuch as this is a question involving^ the
position of the Secretary of the Treasury, it is
hardly fair to prejudge his case until he can
have an opportunity to bo heard. A gentle-
man of his high character ought not to be im-
pugned and his conduct called in question, at
least until he lias been heard in his own behalf
by a report to this House. I therefore suggest
that entering upon the discussion in the spirit
the gentleman does he may be doing injustice
to a high officer of the Government.
Mr. RANDALL. Not at all. I have inade
no charge of any corruption whatever as against
the Secretary of the Treasury; but I do assert
the fact that $94,000 have been unnecessarily
paid out of the Treasury of the United States
for the conversion ofthese bonds. I say further
that it is the duty of this Congress forthwith
to put the ax to the root of this evil, and the
mode of doing it is through the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. SPALDING. I suppose the gentleman
will admit (hat this did not originate with the
present Secretary of the Treasury?
Mr. RANDALL. I have made no aspersion
upon any Secretary of the Treasury. I find
fault with the law which allows this practice.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman will bear
in mind that this same agency, the national
banks, has sold these bonds from the beginning
on the same terms. These sneers are rather
against the banks.
Mr. RANDALL. Two wrongs do not make
a right.
Mr. LOGAN. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider 011 the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ah3iy appropriation bill.
Mr. BLAINE. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the Army appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Allison in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the special order,
being House bill No. 658, making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 30, 1869, and for other purposes.
The pending question was on the amend-
ment of Mr. Pile, to insert after line one hun-
dred and sixty "for arsenal at St. Louis, Mis-
souri, $20,000," with the further amendment
by Mr. Washijurne, of Illinois, to reduce the
appropriation to $5,000.
Mr. BLAINE. 1 hope that will be adopted.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I hope it will not be
adopted. This House has already voted to
sell the arsenal grounds at St. Louis, and the
bill is merely waiting the action of the Senate.
There was no opposition to it in the House
and I presume there will be none in the Sen-
ate. There is no necessity for this arsenal,
and where is the necessity of making an appro-
priation of even $-5,000 for the repair of that
Mr. s'cOPIELD. If this is thrown in it will
sell better.
Mr. VANWYCK. We were told that it was
necessary to sell these grounds because they
were within the limits of the corporation of St.
Louis, and we have passed a bill authorizing
their sale. . , , , ,
Mr. PILE. The bill which has passed the
House, and is now before the Senate, leaves it
discretionary with the Secretary of War as to
when the arsenal shall be sold. If that bill
becomes a law it is not at all certain that the
arsenal will be sold within the coming year,
and if it is not so sold there will be no pro-
vision even for taking care of the property.
Moreover, there is a doubt about the passage
of that bill as amended by the House. The
War Department are opposed to the passage
of the bill as it was amended, and ihere is a
question about the bill becoming a law. If the
arsenal shall be sold, this appropriation will
not be expended, so the Government will lose
nothing. It is simply making provision to carry
out the law as it now exists, so as to provide
for taking care of the arsenal if the law author-
izing its sale does not pass.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Is the arsenal in such a
dilapidated condition that it will go to pieces
unless we appropriate $5,000 to-day ?
Mr. PILE. 1 ask the gentleman if he pro-
poses to leave the property, the material, the
ammunition, and the tool-shops there without
even a watchman to look after them ? It we
make no appropriation there will be nothing
even to employ a watchman or anybody to take
care of the arsenal.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to state, before the
debate closes, in regard to these arsenals, that
the appropriations have been cut down to the
lowest possible point. For the arsenal at Au-
gusta, Georgia, the estimate was $30,100, and
we cut it down to $10,000; the estimate for
Baton Rouge was $'3,500, and we cut it down
to §7,500; the estimate for the Benici a arsenal
was $101,000, and we cut it down to $10,000 ;
for the Vancouver arsenal the estimate was
$10,000, and we cut it down to $5,000 ; for the
Watertown arsenal, Massachusetts, the esti-
mate was $41,000, and we cut it down to
$15,000; and so on throughout. There is a
mere bagatelle reported in comparison with the
estimates.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question. I find that in 1S61—the year
preceding the war, which has been so often
referred to—the appropriation for this purpose
was $1,800. Will the gentleman explain liow
it happens if this appropriation of $1,800 was
sufficient in 1861 that it is now necessary to
appropriate $5,000 to preserve the property?
There has been no increase of the property,
and we are not carrying on the construction
of arms there. It is simply necessary to ap-
propriate money enough to preserve the arsenal
from injury, and an appropriation of $1,800,
the amount appropriated in 1861, is certainly
sufficient for that purpose in case the arsenal
is not sold.
Mr. BLAINE. The Department, does not
think so. That is all I have to sav,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to say a single word in regard to the St. Louis
arsenal. In view of the uncertainty of the
passage of the House bill authorizing ibe sale
of that arsenal I think it is wise and proper to
make a small appropriation to protect it in the
event it is not sold, and I think $5,000 ought
to be appropriated for that purpose.
Mr. VAN WYCK. We have already appro-
priated $60,000 for "contingencies'' of the
Army. If it is necessary to have a watchman
to look after this arsenal why cannot he be
paid out of that contingent fund?
Mr. PILE. He cannot be ; that is for other
purposes. '
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate is in
order.
The question was on the amendment offered
