1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
itants in that Territory. I believe that 110 vote
they have given, thatno census which has been
taken, will show that they have at the present
time any more than thirty or thirty-live thou-
sand inhabitants.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the Senator when
was any such opinion as that expressed by the
Commissioner of the General Land Office?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I understood
the Senator from Nevada to quote the opinion
ofthc Commissioner of the General Land Office,
giving an estimate of something like one hun-
dred thousand population; but taking the esti-
mate of the amount of population according to
any vote of the Territory, and admitting that
they have as large a population in proportion
to the vote as Oregon or California, and they
cannot have to-day much more than about
thirty thousand inhabitants.
Mr. CRAGIN. Will the Senator allow me
to make a suggestion on that point?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I only wish
to say a word more myself, and then I shall
yield the floor entirely. All I desire is that we
shall have some rule established by which we
are to admit these Slates, and hold out even-
handed j ustice to them all. I would not allude
further to the vote of the State but for the fact
that the Senator from Nevada has rather inti-
mated that these votes out there are all right.
Now, I have not a particle of doubt that when-
ever this State is admitted it will be what we
sometimes call a copperhead State; and if the
vote of the people is fairly taken they will be
represented by those who are opposed to the
gentlemen who usually sit on this side of the
Chamber.
Mr. CRAGIN. The Senator from Vermont
says that the vote in Colorado, nine thousand
three hundred and forty-nine, would not show
a population of more than thirty thousand. I
beg to state to the Senator from Vermont that
J have made a calculation compared with the
vote of the State of Vermont. The population
lion in Vermont is about three hundred and
eighteen thousand. Her vote at the last elec-
tion was forty-two thousand one hundred and
twenty five ; about one in seven. The vote of
Colorado was nine thousand three hundred and
forty-nine. That multiplied by seven gives
sixty-five thousand four hundred and forty-
three, estimating the population in the same
proportion to the vote as is the case in Ver-
mont.
Mr. MOR LULL, of Vermont. Will the Sen-
ator take the vote of New Hampshire, and,
admitting that we have as many able-bodied
men entitled to vote in Vermont as in New
Hampshire, see how it is tlj^re?
Mr. CRAGIN. I am aware of the differ-
ence in the vote of the two States. I contend
that a vote in a sparsely-settled Territory, espe-
cially a mining country, is no indication what-
ever of the population. In my State, where
every man votes, where the parties are close
and nearly every vote is brought out, there is
a very large vote, indeed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What per cent, of the
population vote in your State?
Mr. CRAGIN. About one. in four and a
hal f.
Mr. HENDRICKS.. Will the Senator from
New Hampshire allow me to call his attention
to one fact? _ In estimating the population
from the vote in a mineral country, is the Sen-
ator not aware that the voting population is
very much larger in proportion to the entire
population than in an agricultural State? To
illustrate, is the Senator not aware of the fact
that in 1860 the census of Colorado showed a
population of twenty-five thousand ?
Mr. CRAGIN. Thirty-four thousand ■ and
some odd.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Twenty-five thousand
is the last census that was taken in 1800; and
of the entire population there were of women
and children under twenty-one about six thou-
sand, and the residue, according to the census,
was a voting population ; so that there_ were
three or four or five of voting population to
oue non-voting.
Mr. CRAGIN. I am aware of the fact sug-
gested by the Senator from Indiana that in the
early settlement of a mining Territory the
males largely preponderate; but Colorado has
been settled now some eightyears. In I860, I
will inform the Senator—he seems not to be
aware of it—the census taken by the United
States showed over thirty-four thousand inhab-
itants; but since that time eightyears have
passed away and Colorado has become settled
permanently ; men have gone there with their
families, and the number of women and chil-
dren has vastly increased in proportion to
what was evidenced by the census of I860. I
have not the slighest doubt, from what appeared
before the Committee on Territories, and from
information that I gather generally, that the
population of Colorado is to-day from sixty-five
to eighty thousand inhabitants.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I now ask my
friend from Illinois, [Mr. Yates,] who has
charge of this bill, to allow House bill No.
605 to come up. I understood him to say he
would not antagonize the bill with it.
Mr. YATES. I do not intend to antagonize,
but I will say to the Senator that I do not think
there will be much more debate on this bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You cannot get a vote
immediately.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let it go over.
Mr. YATES. It can be passed over inform-
ally so as to be first in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
can be passed over informally, if there be no
objection.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do object, for the
reason that the Senator from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Buckalew] desires to be heard on this
Colorado bill, and he cannot be here this after-
noon.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then I move
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of House bill No. 605, of which I gave notice,
and with which my friend from Illinois assured
me that he would not antagonize.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I regret to
antagonize the bill before the Senate on Friday
last with the one which has been mentioned
by the honorable Senator from Maine, but I
am really very anxious to dispose of the bill
relating to the central branch of the Pacific
railroad, and I gave notice on Friday that I
should at the close of the morning hour to-day
call up that bill for the purpose of finishing
the discussion and coming to a vote upon it.
I hope, therefore, the Senate will see fit to take
up that bill again and proceed to dispose of it.
If it be the desire of the Senate to do so, I will
agree that in case the Senator from Maine
wishes to proceed with his appropriation bill
after the central branch bill is taken up it
shall be laid aside informally in order to accom-
modate him.
Mr. EDM UNDS. That will be objected to.
Mr. MORTON. I think this policy of dis-
cussing a bill for a time and then laying it aside
to take up another bill is one very wasteful and
prodigal in its character. It would be better
for the Senate now to dispose of the Colorado
bill, because if it is put olf until to-morrow
you will have this discussion all over again and
perhaps more of it. Here are two other bills
pressing, and if wc postpone this now the time
which has been spent this morning in the con-
sideration of it will be virtually lost. I have
not been here long, but I have seen much time
wasted in that way, and I think the policy is a
very bad one.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Maine. j
The motion was agreed to. i
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION HILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (EL R. No. 005.) j
making appropriations for the legislative, exec-
utive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending the 80th of June,
1869.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before proceeding with I
the bill under consideration, I ask the Senator
from Maine to allow us to dispose of the bill
for the recognition of the State government in
Arkansas, which was returned by the Presi-
dent with his objections on Saturday. The
Senate was not full when the message came in,
and I suppose it will probably lead to no dis-
cussion, as the matter has already been fully
discussed. It is very likely that we can take
the vote on that question at once, and it is a
matter that we ought to act upon, being in the
nature of a privileged matter. If the Senator
from Maine will consent to let the appropria-
tion bill be laid aside for a few moments, I
think wc can get the vote on the Arkansas bill.
I suggest, therefore, that the appropriation bill
be laid aside temporarily for that purpose.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Considering the
character of that measure, I will consent to
the proposition,with the understanding that if
it leads to discussion 1 shali be at liberty to
resume the consideration of the appropriation
bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir. Let it be
laid aside informally in that way.
The PRESIDENT pro tevipore. The bill
before the Senate may be laid aside informally
if there be no objection. No objection being
made, it will so be laid aside.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 ask that the Senate
now proceed with the consideration of the bill
returned by the President, relative to the recog-
nition of the State government of Arkansas.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no objection, that bill will be regarded as
before the Senate. The question is on the
passage of the bill, the objections of the Presi-
dent of the United States to the contrary not-
withstanding, This question must be taken
by yeas and nays.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I cannot con-
sent that the vote on this question shall be
taken without some debate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Sen-
ator yield to me?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. As this leads to
debate 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not a long debate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should think
it would be pretty long by the books on the
desk of the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we had better
go oa with this bill and finish it. I hope the
Senator from Maine will not interpose. We
can hear the Senator from Kentucky, and then
take the vote.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But I under-
stood the honorable Senator from Illinois to
agree that if this bill led to discussion. I should
be at liberty to call up the appropriation bill
again.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did, and if there is
to be any protracted discussion on this bill I
shall not insist upon it; but I have no idea
that there will be.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There was no
"protracted" about it, it was "discussion."
There is discussion ; and now I call for the
regular order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator insists
upon it, I suppose I must give way.
The PRESlDENTpro tempore. The regular
order will be proceeded with. The bill (EL. R.
No. 605) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1869, is before the Senate as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It will be read, and as the
amendments reported by the Committee on
Appropriations are reached in their regular
order in the reading of the bill they will be
acted upon if there be no objection.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill,
the amendments reported by the Committee
on Appropriations being acted on in their
order as recited in the reading of the bill.
The first amendment was to insert " clerk
to Committee on Appropriations, $2,220" m
"lines forty-four, forty-five, and forty-six, in th'e
clause making appropriations ''for compensa-
