270
SUPPLEMENT TO
tion, and it is limited by the terms of the Con-
stitution, and must be exercised in the manner
prescribed by the Constitution. The words
used are to be interpreted according to their
ordinary meaning.
It is also worthy of remark that the Consti-
tution, in terms, denies to Congress various
legislative powers specilied. It denies also to
the United States various powers, and various
powers enumerated are likewise denied to the
States. There is but one denial of power to
the President, and that is a limitation of an
express power granted. The single instance
of a denial of power to the President is in that
provision of the Constitution wherein he is
authorised " to grant reprieves and pardons
for offenses against the United States, except
in cases of impeachment." As the powers
granted to the^President are specified, and as
he takes nothing by implication or inference,
there was no occasion to recite or enumerate
powers not delegated to him. As the Consti-
tution clothes Congress with powers of legis-
lation which are ample for all the necessities
of national life, wherein there is opportunity
for the exercise of a wide discretion, it was
necessary to specify such powers as are pro-
hibited to Congress. The powers of Congress
are ascertained by considering as well what is
prohibited as what is granted, while the powers
of the Executive are to be ascertained clearly
and fully by what is granted. Where there is
nothing lelt to inference, implication, or dis-
cretion, there is no necessity for clauses or
provisions of inhibition. In the single case
of the grant of the full power of pardon to the
President, a power unlimited in its very nature,
the denial ot the power to pardon in case of
impeachment became necessary. This exam-
ple fully illustrates and establishes the position
to which I now ask your assent. If this view
be correct it follows necessarily, as has been
before stated, that the President, acting under
the Constitution, can exercise those powers
only which arc specifically conferred upon him,
and can take nothing by construction, by im-
plication, or by what is sometimes termed the
necessity of the case.
But in every Government there should be in
its constitution capacity to adapt the adminis-
tration ol alfairs to the changing conditions of
national life. In the Government of the Uni-
ted States this capacity is found in Congress,
in virtue of the provision already quoted, by
which Congress is authorized "to make nil
laws which shall be necessary and proper for
carrying into execution the foregoing powers,
(I. c., the powers given to Congress,) and all
other powers vested by this Constitution in the
Government of the United States, or in any
department or officer thereof."
It is made the duty of the President,, "from
time to time, to give to the Congress informa-
tion ot the state ot the Union, and recommend
to their consideration such measures as he shall
judge necessary and expedient."
■Provision is also made in the Constitution
for his cooperation in the enactment of laws.
Thus it is in his power to lay before Congress
the reasons which, in his opinion, may at any
time exist lor legislative action in aid of the
executive powers conferred by the Constitu-
tion upon the President; and under the ample
legislative powers secured to Congress by the
provisions already quoted there is no reason
in the nature of the Government why the con-
stitutional and lawful powers of the Executive
may not be made adequate to every emergency
of the country. In line, the President may be
said to be governed by the principles which
govern the judge in a court of law. He must
take the law and administer it as ho finds it
without any inquiry on his part as to the wis-
dom of the legislation. So the President, with
reference to the measure of his own powers, I
must take the Constitution and the laws of the I
country as they are, and be governed strictly j
by them. If, in any particular, by implica- j
tiuu or construction, he assumes and exercises j
authority not granted to him by the Constitu- I
tiou or the laws he violates his'oath of office, I
by which, under the Constitution, it is made
his duty " to take care that the laws be faith-
fully executed," which implies necessarily that
he can go into no inquiry as to whether the
laws are expedient or otherwise; nor is it
within his province, in the execution of the
law, to consider whether it is constitutional.
In his communications to Congress he may
consider and discuss the constitutionality of
existing or proposed legislation, and when a
bill is passed by the two Houses and submitted
to him for approval he may, if in his opinion
the same is unconstitutional, return it to the
House in which it originated with his reasons.
In the performance of these duties he exhausts
his constitutional power in the work of legis-
lation. If, notwithstandinghisobjections, Con-
gress, by a two-thirds majority in each House,
shall pass the bill, it is then the duty of the
President to obey and execute it, as it is his
duty to obey and execute all laws which he or
his predecessors may have approved.
If a law be in fact unconstitutional it may
be repealed by Congress, or it may, possibly,
when a case duly arises, be annulled in its un-
constitutional features by the Supreme Court
of the United States. The repeal of the law is
a legislative act; the declaration by the court
that it is unconstitutional is a judicial act; but
the power to repeal or to annul or to set aside
a law of the United States is in no aspect of
the case an executive power. It is made the
duty of the Executive to take care that the laws
be faithfully executed—an injunction wholly
inconsistent with the theory that it is in the
power of the Executive to repeal or annul or
dispense with the laws of the land. To the
President in the performance of his executive
duties all laws are alike. He can enter into 110
inquiry as to their expediency or constitution-
ality. All laws are presumed to be constitu-
tional, and, whether in fact constitutional or not,
it is the duty of the Executive so to regard them
while they have the form of law. When a
statute is repealed for its unconstitutionality, or
for any other reason, it ceases to be law in form
and ill fact. When a statute is annulled in
whole or in part by the opinion of a competent
judicial tribunal, from that moment it ceases
to be law. But the respondent and the counsel
for the respondent will seek in' vam for any
authority or color of authority in the Constitu-
tion or the laws of the country by which the
President is clothed with power to make any
distinction upon his own judgment, or upon the
judgment of any friends or advisers, whether
private or official persons, between the several
statutes of the country, each and every one of
which he is, by the Constitution and by his oath
of office, required faithfully to execute. Ilenee
it follows that the crime of the President is not,
either in fact or as set forth in the articles of
impeachment, that he has violated a constitu-
tional law, but Ins crimo is that he has violated
a law, and in his defense no inquiry can bo
made whether the law is constitutional; for
inasmuch as he had no constitutional power to
inquire for himself whether the law was con-
stitutional or not, so it is no cxcuse for him that
he did unlawfully so inquire and came to the
conclusion that the law was unconstitutional.
It follows, from the authorities already
quoted and the positions founded thereon, that
there can be no inquiry here and now by this
tribunal whether the act in question—the act
entitled "An act regulating the tenure of cer-
tain civil offices"—is in fact constitutional or
not. It was and is the law of the land. It was
enacted by a strict adherence to constitutional
forms. It was and is binding upon all the
officers and departments of the Government.
The Senate, for the purpose of deciding whether
the respondent is innocent or guilty, can enter
into no inquiry as to the constitutionality of the
act, which it was the President's duty to exe-
cute, and which, upon his own answer, and by
repeated official confessions and admissions, he
intentionally, willfully, deliberately set aside
and violated.
If the President, in the discharge of his duty
'' to take care that the laws be faithfully exe-
cuted," may inquire whether the laws are con-
stitutional, and execute those only which he
believes to be so, then, for the purposes of gov-
ernment, his will or opinion is substituted for
the action of the law-making power, and the
Government is no longeraGovernmentof laws,
but the Government of one man. This is also
true, if, when arraigned, he may justify by show-'
ing that he has acted upon advice that the law
was unconstitutional. Further, if the Senate
sitting for the trial of the President may inquire
and decide whether the law is in fact constitu-
tional, and convict the President if he has vio-
lated an act believed to be constitutional, and
acquit him if the Senate think the law uncon-
stitutional, then the President is in fact tried
for his judgment, to be acquitted if in the opin-
ion of the Senate it was a correct judgment, and
convicted if in the opinion of the Senate his
judgment was erroneous. This doctrine offends
every principle of justice. His offense is that
he intentionally violated a law. Knowing its
terms and requirements, he disregarded them.
Willi deference I maintain still further that
it is not the right of any Senator in this trial
to be governed by any opinion he may enter-
tain ot the constitutionality or expediency of
the law in question. For the purposes of this
trial the statute which the President, upon his
own confession, has repeatedly violated is the
law of the land. His crime is that he violated
the law. It has not been repealed by Congress ;
it has not been annulled by the Supreme Court;
it stands upon the statute-book as the law ; and
for the purposes of this trial it is to be treated
by every Senator as a constitutional law. 0 ther-
wise it follows that the President of the United
States, supported by a minority exceeding by
one a third of this Senate, may set aside, dis-
regard, and violate all the laws of the land. It
is nothing to this respondent, it is nothing to
this Senate, sitting here as a tribunal to try and
judge this respondent, that the Senators par-
ticipated in the passage of the act, or that the
respondent, in the exercise of a constitutional
power, returned the bill to the Senate with his
objections thereto. The act itself is as bind-
ing, is as constitutional, is as sacred in the eye
of the Constitution as the acts that were passed
at the first session of the First Congress. Jf
the President may refuse to execute a law be-
cause in his opinion it is unconstitutional, or
for the reason that, in the judgment of his
friends and advisers, it is unconstitutional, then
he and his successors in office may refuse to
execute any statute the constitutionality of
which has not been affirmatively settled by the
Supreme Court of the United States. If a
minority, exceeding one third of this Senate
by one, may relieve the President from all re-
sponsibility for this violation of his oath of
office, because they concur with him in the
opinion that this legislation is either unconsti-
tutional or of doubtful constitutionality, then
there is no security for the execution of the laws.
The constitutional injunction upon the Presi-
dent is to take care that the laws be faithfully
executed ; and upon him no power whatsoever
is conferred by the Constitution to inquire
whether the law that he is charged to execute
is or is not constitutional. The constitutional
injunction upon you, in your present capacity,
is to hold the respondent faithfully to the exe-
cution of the constitutional trusts and duties
imposed upon him. If he has willfully disre-
gaided the obligation restinguponhim, to take
care that the laws be faithfully executed, then
the constitutional duty imposed upon you is to
convict him of the crime of having willfully
disregarded the laws of the land and violated
his oatli of office.
I indulge, Senators, in great plainness of
speech, and pursue a line of remark which,
were the subject less important or the duty
resting upon us less solemn, I should studiously
avoid. But I speak with every feeling and sen-
timent of respect for this body and this place
of which my nature is capable. In my boy-
hood, from the gallery of the old Chamber of
the Senate, I looked, not with admiration
merely, but with something of awe upon the
