1304
the congressional globe.
February 20,
upon the record my prediction we will next
year have to meet a great deficiency bill.
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman is one of
fee wise ones who wants the advantage of say-
wg I told you so." I move that the com-
mittee now rise for the purpose of closing
debate. B
The motion was agreed to.
1 he committee accordingly rose; and the
opeaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Alli-
sos reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the^Union had, according to
order, had the special order under considera-
tion, being House bill No. 608, making appro-
priations for the support of the Army for the
year ending June 30, 1809, and for other pur-
poses, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. BLAINE. I move that the rules bo
suspended, and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union onthe spe'cial order, the Army appro-
priation bill; and pending that motion, I move
that all general debate upon the bill be closed
m'nuf:e3 after the Committee of the
Whole shall have resumed the consideration
of the subject.
The question was taken on the motion to
close debate, and it was agreed to.
The question was then taken on the motion
to go into Committee of the Whole, and it was
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolve'd itself into
the Committee of the Whole 011 the state of the
Union, (Mr. Allison in the chair,)and resumed
the consideration of the special order, being
the bill (H. R. No. 658) making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year ending
the 30th ol June, 1809, and for other purposes.
Mr. NIBLACK. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to add the follow-
ing to the bill;
And it is hereby provided that sums appropriated
for each of the several itums contained in this bill
shall bemad© up only by computing theuuexpended
balance for such item which may remain in tho
Ircasury on the 30th day of June, 1868, and adding
thereto so much more from the Treasury as will give
the sum for each of said items appropriated by this
bill.
Mr. Chairman, I will briefly explain the pur-
pose of the amendment I offer. It is required
now of the Treasury Department to communi-
cate to Congress, at each session, an estimate
of the expenditures for the different Depart-
ments of the United States Government for
the next succeeding fiscal year; and jjy law
it is also required there shall be sent in at the
same time the estimated balance,.if any, that
may be remaining in the Treasury at the com •
mencement of the next succeeding fiscal year
of every appropriation or subject of appropri-
ation. We have that estimated list of balances
before us now along with the estimates, but I
complain for this year, as for a number of years
past, there has gradually grown up a vicious
practice of non-compliance with the law in this,
that, instead of giving the balance of each dis-
tinct subject of appropriation, they lump those
balances together so it is impossible to discrimi-
nate what sum for one subject and what for
another has been expended, and 4iow much
remains unexpended under each subject of
appropriation.
Now, sir, specific appropriations by law are
tho greatest possible safeguards of the Treas-
ury. It is a protection particularly in a country
like ours, with departments of Government
divided as ours are; and the object of Con-
gress in passing a law of that kind appears to
have been to l now at all times when an appro-
priation for a particular object was asked for,
how much of unexpended balance there would
be by that act of appropriation when the year
should commence. I do not complain of the
course pursued from year to year by every
apprcpriai on committee, but it seems_to me,
when the Committee on Appropriations is
called upon to report so much for any particu-
lar subject connected with the operations of
the Government, the first inquiry should be,
how much remains over from last year; and
then there should be appropriated, not all that
is asked for in the shape of a full appropria-
tion, but just so much more as may be neces-
sary, when added to that which remains over,
to make up the amount required for the com-
ing year. That is precisely the object of my
amendment. Take, for instance, those appro-
priations for the War Department. Instead of
telling us how much it is estimated will remain
on the 30th of June next to begin a new year
with for each particular subject of appropria-
tion they say in general terms there will remain
an unexpended balance of $82,876,506 94,
Now, that gives us no information at all. "We
do not know whether that is for ordnance, for
soldiers^ pay, for transportation, or for what
subject it is. It is therefore no guide to us in
legislation. But, if you look back through this
list of balances reported to us you will find an
addition to the 582,000,000. There remains
or will remain on the 30th of June next—
For extra pay to officers serving on the Pacific,
$s,ooo.
Medals of honor, $100,000.
Medical and hospital department, $1,000,000.
Collecting, drilling, and organizing volunteers,
$13,000,000.
Draft and substitute fund, itS.000,000,
These and other items mako altogether, at
this very time, by the report of the Treasury
Department, more than one hundred million
dollars unexpended, or that will be unex-
pended on the 30th of June next.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BLAINE. If I understand the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Sciienck] correctly, I do not know that there
is any objection to it; but I desire to make in
connection with it a brief explanation. The
attention of the House has been called to the
$82,000,000 of balances reported in the esti-
mate from the Treasury Department as having
connection with the War Department. I was
at the Treasury Department this morning and
I find that this is a very unreliable and—I
hardly know how to characterize it—a slap-
and-go-easy sort of a guess. The War Depart-
ment estimate is about twenty-three million dol-
lars, but the Treasury Department thought they
wanted more, and so, because the figures look
well, they threw in $82,000,000. Now, there
is no reliability in tho estimate whatever.
Here is the whole point. If the appropria-
tion is two years old it goes into tho Treasury
by force of law. If the gentleman, byhisamend-
ment, wishes to cut off the payment of expend-
itures incurred during the presout fiscal year,
after this fiscal year shall have closed, then it
ought not to be adopted. Because, in the way
the Army is paid in distant fields, it is impos-
sible on the 30th of June to havo the books
balanced by millions of dollars. Therefore, I
wish, with tho gentleman's consent, to put in
this proviso:
Provided, however, That this shall not bo construed
to prevent the payment from the proper appropria-
tion of expenditures made during the current fiscal
year after such year shall havo closed.
That I consider absolutely necessary. Does
the gentleman object to it?
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not object to it.
What does the gentleman mean by the current
fiscal year ? If it is approved during this fiscal
year, it applies to the present fiscal year.
Mr. BLAINE. The current fiscal year is
when this bill is approved by the President.
If it is approved before the 30th of Jur.e that
is during this fiscal year. The act conforms
to tho date of approval.
The amendment of Mr. Sciienck, as modified
by the amendment of Mr. Blaise, was agreed
to.
Mr. SBL5fIi. I move to amend by adding
to the bill the following: °
Provided further, That tho appropriation herein
made for the Rock Island armory and arsenal shall
besttffioent tocouipJcto thosamo in all iu paits and
that no fnrthor appropriation shall be requited or
estimated lor the same.
Mr. BLAINE. I hope that will not be
adopted.
Mr. SELYE. I wish to have an end of the
Eock Island arrangement.
Mr. BLAINE. I believe debate is out of
order.
Mr. SELYE. I believe not'; the ten min-
utes are not expired.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has one
minute.
Mr. SELYE. This -water power w"here the
water is level is a thing I do not understand.
I do not suppose this appropriation would hava
been made had it not been understood that it
was stated by those interested, those gentle-
men from the West who have everything their
own way, that the appropriation would be suf-
ficient to complete the -work. Now, sir, I wish
to have it closed np.
Mr. SPALDING. Does the gentleman know
how much this is going to cost?
The question was taken on Mr, Selye's
amendment; and it was disagreed to—ayes
fifteen, noes not counted.
Mr. BLAINE. I move that the committee
rise and report the bill to the House,
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Aujsojf re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union having had under considera-
tion the Union generally, particularly the bill
(H. B. No. 6-58) making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year ending
June 30, 1869, and for other purposes, and had
directed him to report the bill to the House
with sundry amendments.
Mr. BLAINE. I move the previous ques-
tion on the bill and amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BLAINE. I now yield for a moment to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Mor-
Rell. ]
REVENUE SirSTESt, ETC.
Mr. MORRELL, I ask the unanimovs con-
sent of the House to report from the Committee
on Manufactures the preamble and resolution
which I send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read the preamble and resolution,
as follows :
. Whereas the depressed condition of the productive
industries of the country is largely duoto the burden-
some taxation to which it is subjected, and whereas
such taxation is no longer necessary fur the credit of
the Government, and nnder tho operations of in-
creasing foreign competition must be chiefly borne
by the producer, and thus come out of the wages of
labor; and whereas tho true interests of the people
demand an early declaration by Congress of the policy
wnicn its Miauirer legislation will secure to the coun-
try,- Therefore,
Be it resolved. That the Committee of Ways and
Means be, and it is hereby, requested to report for tho
action of this House at tlie earliest practicable date,
bi lis pro viaiug-fort ho removal of theinternal ryrenae
tax irom all useful productions, for the adjustment
ot import and tonnage duties so as to equalize the
disparities 111 the cost of capital and labor between
pur own and competing nations, to eucourasfc the
importation of theskilledlaborerinstead of the prod-
uct of his labor, secure the balance of trails in favor
ol this country, and thus insure to the nation finan-
cial solvency, a safe and permanent return to specie
values, industrial prosperity, and true independence,
Mr. SPALDING.
order of business.
I demand the regular
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made. The
regular order of business is the consideration
ot the Army appropriation bill, upon which
the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Blaise,] is
entitled to the floor for one hoar.
Mr. BLAINE. I have no desire to make a
speech iq regard to the bill. I ask that the
Clerk read Urn amendments, and I will indicate
what the desire of the Committee on Appro-
priations is.
Tho SPEAKER, The gentleman, instead
ot making an hour speech, asks that the amend-
ments be read, and he will comment on them
as ihey are read. The Clerk will lead the
amendments.
The CLERK read the first amendment re-
ported by the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, as follows :
Page 1, at the end of line nine insert the following
proviso:
Provided, That the expenditure of the money
nerem appropriated shall be limited and eosstririled
