2328
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
reasou for tlie delay, and I submit to the House
that it ia a good one.
But there is another and a greater reason
growing out of the introduction of this section
in the, Massachusetts law itself. It is true it is
to be found in that law, but in no other law in
the world except that of Massachusetts ; and
Massachusetts did not attempt to incorporate it
ii^to her law until after, as the gentleman says,
twenty years' experience. Twenty years were
required in Massachusetts of experience in ref-
erence to her insolvent law before that active
commercial community consented to its inser-
tion. Previous to that an absolute discharge
was given to the debtor from his home debts
without this requirement. Now, I ask the gen-
tleman and this House whether a statute appli-
cable to this whole country, and not coniined
alone to a single State, should be put into effect
more speedily than one relating to the business
of a single compact commercial community?
When it required twenty years' experience be-
fore this provision was incorporated into the
insolvent law of a State it is not to be expected
that it should be put more speedily into effect
under a law that has application to the whole
country.
Mr. DAWES rose.
Mr. JENCKES. X yield to a question only.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Rhode
Island mistakes the reason why the State of
Massachusetts put this into her insolvent law
after ten years' experience. She did not wait
to be educated up to that point. She started
off with the idea that the gentleman from Rhode
Island has, that the insolvent law of Massachu-
setts could stand without such a piovision.
Mr. JENCKES. 1 do not yield to an argu-
ment. We have heard this argument often
enough. The House has heard it. Wo all
understand it.
The gentleman argues as if the proposition
of the committee was to strike out this pro-
vision from the law. That is not the proposi-
tion of the committee. I say that this provis-
ion is made applicable to the whole country,
and not to Massachusetts alone. It is not made
applicable to a single compact commercial
community, but to the whole country and to
States and communities where business is car-
ried on differently from what it is in Massachu-
setts. When it goes into effect the whole busi-
ness of the country will have to conform to it.
And it is for that reason, and that alone, if not
for the other reasons 1 have stated, that the
operation of the provision is asked to be ex-
tended for a longer period. We agree that the
country can be, and ought to be, educated up
to the Massachusetts standard in this respect,
but when he admits that Massachusetts herself
was not educated up to this point in twenty
years he should consent to give the rest of the
country at least twenty months.
1 now demand the previous question.
Mr. BECK. I ask the gent-lemau from Rhode
Island whether this will not enable men to take
the benefit of the law more cheaply than can now
be done by enabling the judges to take proof?
Mr. JENCKES. Judges of the court now
have power to take proof; but the statutes of
the United States punishing perjury are not
applicable to proof of debt taken before State
officers. I demand the previous question.
Mr. DAWES. I hope that the demand for
the previous question will not be seconded until
I can move my amendment.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
40, noes 32; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Jexckes and
Mr. Dawes were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 09, noes 28.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered.
The question then recurred on Mr. Eliot's
amendment.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes 45, noes -14 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, movedthat
the House adjourn.
Mr. JENCKES. I demand the yeas and
nays on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 54, nays 57, not voting
78 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Arnell, Bailey, Baker, Bea-
man, Beatty, Benton, Bromwcll, liucklana, Cake,
-.x i i xc ;ii i. r> • l  /"it ). „ xv I'nllnm
tcr D. Hubbard.lvitchen, koontz.Loan, Lynch, May-
nnrd, McCarthy, McClurg. Miller, Mullin?, Mungen,
Perham, Pike, Polsley, Raum, Scoticld, bliaiiks,
Stokes, Stone, Taffe, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van
llom, Robert. T. Van Ilnm, Van Trump, Llihu 13.
Washburne, William B.Washburn,Weiker, William
Williams, and Wood—_ _ T.
NAYd—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Anderson, Delos K.
Ashley. James M. Ashley. Beck, Buyer, Broomall,
Cary.Ohanler, Cobb, Coburn, Dixon, Donnelly, jbgRle-
ston, Ela, Ferriss, Hif?by, llill. Hopkins, Uotohkws,
liulburd. Ingersoll, Jeuekes, Johnson, Jones, Jutid,
Julian,Ivelsey, Ketcham.Loughud^e,Mallory, Mar-
vin, Mercur. Moore, Moorhead, Morroll, Myers, Nib-
luck. O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Peters, Pile, Plants, feit-
preaves. Smith, Spalding, Starkweather, Stewart,
Tabor, Taylor, Trowbridge, Ward, Henry D. \\ asli-
burn. Stephen V. Wilson, and Wiudom—57. ,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Axtell, Baldwin,
Banks,Barnes, Barnum,Benjamin,Bingham,Blaine,
Blair, Boutwell, Brooks. Burr, Butler, Churchill,
Conk, Cornell, Dodge, Ecklcy, Terry, Fields, kinney.
Fox. Garfield, (4etz. Golladay. drover, Haight, lial-
soy, Holuaan, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, liichard
i).Hubbard, Humphrey, Hunter,Kelluy, Kerr, Ivnott,
Latlin, George V. Lawrenco, William Lawrence, Lin-
coln, Logan, Marshall, MeCormiek, MeCullough,
Morgan, Morri&sey, JSewcomb, Nicholson, JNunn,
Phclp.s, Poland, Pomeroy, Price, Pruvn, Randall,
ell, Van Auken. Van Wyek, Cadwfllnder C..Wash-
burn, Thouus Williams, James F. Wilson, John 'I.
Wilson, Woodbridgc, and Woodward—78.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question rocurrcd upon the amendment
of Mr. Eliot, upon which no quorum had
voted.
Mr. lTPSON". I demand the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
Mr. JENCKES. In order that a vote may
be taken on this bill to-day, L withdraw my
opposition to the amendment.
The amendment was then agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. JENCKES. I demand the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I de-
mand tho yeas and nays on the passage of the
bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 6o, nays 4">, not voting
7'.*; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Archer, James
M. Ashley, Bailey, Beaman,Beck,Boyer,Cake, Cary,
Ohanler. Sidney Claike, Cobb, Dixon, Donnelly,
Dnggs, Bla, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Griswold, Hawkins,
Higby, Hotehkiss, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd,
Jcnckes, Johnson, Jones, Judd, Kelsey, Ketcham,
Kitehen, Laflin. Loughridge, Mallory, Marvin, Mc-
Carthy, Mercur, Moorhead, Morrell, Niblaek, Paine,
Peters, Phelps, Pile, Plants, Kaum, .Robertson,
Shanks, Sitgreaves.Smith, Spalding, Stewart, Stone,
Taber, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van
Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, William Williams,
Stephen F.Wilson, Windom.and Wood—05.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames. Arnell, Delos R. Ashley,
Baker, Beatty, Benton, Bromwell, Broomall, Buck-
land, Reader W. Clarke, Coburn, Covode, Cullom,
Dawes, Eggleston, Eldndge, Eliot,Gravely, Harding,
Hopkins, Julian, Koontz, Loan, Lynch, Maynard,
McClurg, Miller, Moore, Mullins. Mungen,* Myers,
O'Neill, Orth, Perharn, Pike, Suofield, Starkweather,
Stokes, Taffe. Taylor, Van Trump, Eiihu B. Wash-
burn©, Henry D. Washburn, William B.Washburn,
and Welkei—-15.
NOT VOTING—Mossr*. Allison, Axtell, Baldwin,
Banks, Barnes, Barnum .Benjamin, Bingham, Blaine,
Blair, Boutwell, Brooks, Burr, Butler, Churchill,
Cook, Cornell, Dodge, Jbtaklcy, Ferry, Fields, Finney,
Fox, Garfield, Getz. Glossbrenner. Golladay, Grovor,
JJaight, Hnlsey, Hill, Holman, Hooper, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Hunter,
Ingcraoll, Kelley.Keir, Mnott, George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrence, Lincoln, Logan, Marshall, Me-
Cormiek, McCullough, Morgan, Morrissey, New-
comb, Nicholson, Nunn, Poland, Potaley, Pomeroy,
Price., Pruyn, Randall, Robinson, Ross, Sawyer'
Schenck, Selye, Shellabarger, Aaron F. Stevens'
Thaddeus Stevens/Thomas, John Tumble, Lawrence
S. Trimble, Twichell, Va  Auken, Van Wyek, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, Thoraas Williams, James &
Wilson, John T. Wilson, Woodbridge, and Wood-
ward—79.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. JENCKES moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NEW YORK AND WASHINGTON RAILROAD,
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a memorial from the Legislature of Mas-
sachusetts, praying for the passage of a bill by
Congress providing for additional railroad
communication between the commeicial and
Federal capitals of the nation ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Roads and Canals^
and ordered to be printed.
OltDEll OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The next, business in
order is the consideration of House bill No.
370, to prevent the further sale of the public
lands of the United States except as provided
for in the preemption and homestead laws,
and the laws for disposing of town sites and
mineral lands; upon which the gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Driggs] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman yield to me to make a motion to
adjourn ? . .
Mr. DRIGGS. I would inquire of the Chair
when the bill would be again reached if I
yield now to a motion to adjourn ?
The SPEAKER. It will come up again
after the next morning hour, subject, however,
to the contingency of being superseded by the
Committee of Elections ca ling upacontested-
election case, of which there are several, or a
motion to go into Committee of the Whole on
a tax bill or an appropriation bill.
Mr. SPALDING. I wish to give notice to
the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Dbiggs]
and to the House that upon the first opportunity
that may be olfered I shall move to go into
Committee of the Whole upon the appropri-
ation bills.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ I desire
also to give notice that the minority of the
Committee on Appropriations will ask leave
to file a report embodying tHeir views upon
the appropriation bills referred to by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Spaldixg.]
Mr. DRIGGS. 1 do not desire to go oa
this afternoon, as the House is not very full;
and therefore I will yield for a motion to
adjourn.
Mr. UPSON. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes seventy, noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to ; and accord-
ingly (at three o'clock and twenty five minutes
p.m.) the House adjourned till eleven o'clock
a. m. to-morrow.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees :
By the SPEAKER : The petition of Denver,
South Park, and Rio Grande Railroad Com-
pany, oi'_ Colorado Territory, for a grant of
land to aid in the construction of said road.
By Mr. DRIGGS ; The petition of vessel
owners, steamboat owners, merchants, and
others, of Detroit and Cleveland, for an ap-
propriation for a light-house at the mouth of Au
Sable river, Lake Huron, Michigan.
i By Mr. J UDD : The petition of William XI.
: Lgan and others, asking an appropriation for
I the enlargement of the St. Mary's canal.
I Also, the petition ot Martha E. McKenny,
I widow of Edsvin McKeimy, asking for a pen-
i sion.
! MYERS: The petition of Prudence
I Righter, widow of J. Coram Righter, late a
1 private of company C, eleventh New Jersey
cavalry, for arrears of pension.
