1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8353
mittee. A committee of both branches organ-
ized the police department last year, system-
atized it; and this was the result. Now the
honorable Senator proposes to organize anew,
as I submit without the necessary information.
There was no option on our part but to make
the appropriation as it is. If the Senate think
that it is safe to follow the lead of the Senator
in making this amendment they will so vote.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There were oneor two
suggestions made by the Senator from Maine
that rather surprised me. He says if this is to
be done at all it ought to bo done by the com-
mittee. Then submit to the Senate that we
adjourn and let the committee pass this bill.
If my voice is not to be heard in regard to the
public expenditures, I had better quit 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine.^ The Senator
quite misunderstood me. I said that this sub-
ject, of revising the organization of the Capitol
police ought not to come from this committee;
that the subject having been once determined
by a committee, the revision of it ought to
come from the appropriate committee.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then the Senator sug-
gested next to the Senate whether they had
belter follow my lead. I ask no Senator to
follow my lead. The Senator from Maine is a
leader; his official position makes him a
leader—-
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. President,
I do not allow the Senator to misrepresent
me.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is exactly what
the Senator said.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I said no such
thing, and dreamed of 110 such thing as
admonishing the Senate not to follow the lead
of the Senator. What 1 did suggest, most
respectfully as 1 paid, was that the Senator
had not the information which justified him in
moving the proposition. That is what I said.
And, sir, I do not allow the Senator to rise
here and put into my mouth a leadership
which I neither assume nor ascribe to him.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator did not
ascribe any leadership tome 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No.
Mr. HENDRICKS. But he submitted to
the Senate whether, in regard to this amend-
ment, it was best to follow my lead.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is the word the
Senator used, and I know it. I am speaking
in the best of humor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. So am I.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not want any-
thing else about this matter but the best
feeling toward the Senator from Maine, for I
have great respect for him ; but I submit to
the Senate that I have all the information on
this subject that it is necessary to have to
judge of it, and I say that when the laws of
the country fix the salary of the chief clerk of
an important bureau at $3,000, or at §1.800 a
year, it is absurd that a captain of police at
the Capitol must have as much. His duties
are not as responsible ; they are not as ardu-
ous ; and in no respect ought the compensa-
tion be so large.
We can judge of the salary that ought to be
given to these persons. The fact that it was
fixed by a law passed a year or two ago does
not prevent the consideration of the question
now. I believe that the proposition I have
made gives a liberal compensation to these per-
sons. I am willing that they shall be well paid,
but Senators know very well that this same
class of men at home cannot make anything
like so much money. The salaries that I pro-
pose will command the services of faithful and
good men. There is no difficulty about that.
I do not want to disturb the efficiency of the
service by reducing the salaries below what
they ought to be; but in these times the sala-
ries ought to be fixed at such rates as will
secure good service. I believe the proposition
I have made will secure it. Upon that I want
the yeas and nays.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, I think it is
well enough for tlie Senate to understand the
proposition upon which it is about to vote. I
have listened to the Senator from Indiana with
a good deal of interest, and 1 admire the zeal
which he shows for retrenchment and reform.
I admire also the particular point at which he
begins his policy of retrenchment and reform.
I should not be surprised if his speech would
figure in the approaching canvass for President.
But, sir, I prefer that retrenchment and reform
which aim to retrench the Government's ex-
penses in some important particular. I have
no great admiration for an attack upon clerks
or upon subordinate officers ; I do not believe
in expending time in the discussion of what
the salary of a police officer shall be so that
the time costs more than the salary itself would
be. I have had no person appointed to one
of these offices ; I am not acquainted with one
of these policemen that I know of; but is it
an unreasonable amount to pay the head of
the police force around the Capitol the sum of
$2,800 a year ? I am not so desirous of a rep-
utation for retrenchment and reform as to say
that $2,800 is too much for the head of an
important department like this.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator is mis-
taken in the bill he is advocating. He puts
the salary at $720 more than the bill provides.
Mr. YATES. Two thousand eight hundred
dollars I believe it is.
Mr.HENDRICKS. Twothousandandeighty
dollars.
Mr. YATES. Then it is less than I would
be willing to pay. The Senator says that this
Capitol does not require a police force of forty
men. I think it would be a degradation to
the people of the United States to say that a
building like this, so extensive, the Capitol of
the United States, could be expected to have
a police force of less than forty or forty-five
men. I am sure that the Senate has not wisely
considered this proposition of retrenchment
and reform, and is beginning at the wrong end.
I do not think the salary allowed this officer is
at all unreasonable, and therefore I shall vote
against the Senator's amendment.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, the honor-
able Senator from Indiana has a reason that I
apprehend has not been developed for this raid
of his against the Capitol police, and I desire
that he shall have the benefit of it. He, per-
haps, was too modest to proclaim it here;
but the Capitol police, I believe, have really
offended him seriously. On an occasion not
long since there was a remarkable character
of this country who charged himself, either at
his instance or at the instance of other patriotic
persons in the country, with carrying the
American flag from one end of the Union to
the other, or rather from the South to the
national Capitol, beginning somewhere down
South on the Mississippi—i do not remember
now where—and he was feasted, I think, all
the way through, and the late rebels gave in
their adhesion to the flag, and this patriotic
hero bore the standard to this Capitol. The
last crowning act of his was to have been the
raising of the flag from the Dome; and by
some misunderstanding or other, as t.o juris-
diction, I think, the police interfered with his
going up to perform that service. But after
some consultation, I think the Sergeant-at-
Arms, under whose direction to some extent
the police are, agreed that the flag should be
raised as contemplated; but by that time the
patriotic men who formed the escort of this
patriot determined that they had been offended
in some way or other, and they refused indig-
nantly. I am inclined to think that that has
rested in the mind of our friend from Indiana
from that time to this, and that the Capitol
police are not acceptable to him when they
perform their duty in that way.
If the Senator will state to me that that is the
cause of their offense against him, and he will
indorse the statement that the captain of the
policeforce orany partof it violated what was a
courtesy or a rule of right in the premises, I
will agree to go with him in obtaining such
meed of satisfaction as the case demands. 1
wished to make this statement so that the ques-
tion shall be put upon its true ground. If the
captain of the police force has offended seri-
ously, let us punish him by all means.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, it ia
always fair to let a Senator stand upon the
reasons that he gives for himself. One reason
assigned by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Yates,] if it had been original with him, would
have^ entitled him to rank as a genius, perhaps ;
but inasmuch as the Senator from Nevada,
[Mr. Nye,] a few days ago, was the author of
the suggestion about some future political
movements, the Senator from Illinois has- not
even the virtue of originality in his suggestion.
In the proposition that I have made I have not
thought of the future. I do not trouble my
head with that. I guess the Senator thinks a
good deal more about nominations to be made
in the future than I do. If he is troubled as
little about that as I am his sleep will not be
disturbed at nights.
The honorable Senator from California
knows that there was a sufficient reason for
rebuking the captain of police, and, therefore,
he has suggested—I had not thought of that;
I am glad the Senator has suggested it; it had
not entered into my head—that a policeman
here refused to do credit and honor to the flag
that was honored everywhere that Sergeant
Bates carried through the southern States.
Mr. CONNESS. Ah, that was his name 1
Mr. HENDRICKS. That flag had not re-
ceived an insult anywhere until it came back,
in the hands of a gallant soldier, to the Capi-
tol of the United States. Indeed, a captain of
police that would do such a thing ought to be
rebuked, and I thank the Senator from Cali-
fornia for suggesting so strong an argument.
But, sir, my only reason for moving the
amendment was that I thought the compensa-
tion fixed for these men by existing law was
unreasonably high, and that we might save
some ten or twenty or thirty thousand dol-
lars ; not much, perhaps; it may not be worth
saving. The Senator from Illinois, as a test
now of the certainty and accuracy of his judg-
ment upon the question, thought the captain
of the police was getting $2,800, and he
thought that was little enough, and that it
ought not to be reduced, when that was more
than $700 above what the bill provides. So he
is mistaken in all of his estimates on the sub-
ject. I think the proposition I have offered to
the Senate is enough, and therefore I submit
it. If it is the pleasure of the Senate to con-
tinue the salaries as they are, be it so.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the salaries named
by the Senator from Indiana are ample to
secure the services of these officers, and ordi-
narily I should vote with him. My judgment
is decidedly in favor of his amendment, but it
seems that two years ago Congress passed a
provision allowing all the clerks and employes
in the Executive Departments twenty per cent,
additional compensation, but it was so worded
as to confine it to a single year; but when Con-
gress came to legislate for their own clerks and
employes they made the language so general
as to increase the compensation twenty per
cent, permanently, and subsequently the same
year they inserted a provision in one of the
appropriation bills that increased the pay of
tlie police in the same way :
"The Capitol police and tho policemen at the
ExecutiveMansion shall be entitled tu the increased
compensation allowed by law to the officers, clerks,
messengers, and others in the employ of the Govern-
ment,"
The House of Representatives have refused
to continue the twenty per cent, to the em-
ploy6s of the Executive Departments, but by
law the compensation of the employes of both
Houses of Congress, the Capitol police, &c.t
is permanently increased twenty per cent.
There is no justice and no reason m such legis-
lation, and no man can defend it. If there is
a reason for increasing the compensation of
our own officei'sthe same reason should apply
to those of the Executive Departments, and
with much more force, because they are ein -
ploved all the year round, while ours, On the
average are not employed over five months m
