1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1305
by the following condition, namely: until otherwise
oidered by law no new commission shall be issued in
any regiment except to those who are entitled bylaw
to appointment as second lieutenants by graduation
at the United States Military Academy. But this
provision shall not be construed to deprive any offi-
cer of whatever promotion may be open to him by
the occurrence of vacancies among his superiors in
rank.
Mr. LOGAN. I raise a question of order
on that amendment. It is clearly out of order
as it repeals an existing law.
The SPEAKER. The amendment is re-
ported by the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and the Chair, therefore,
rules that the House must consider it, as in
the case of amendments from the Senate, whose
rules are entirely different from ours, allowing
independent legislation to be offered from every
committee as amendments to the appropria-
tion bills. An appeal should have been taken
in the Committee of the -Whole, and then the
point would have been decided by the commit-
tee. Having been acquiesced in by the com-
mittee, the amendment is before the House.
Mr. LOGAN. The point of order was made
in the Committee of the Whole, and it was
overruled.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman could
have appealed from the decision of the chair-
man of the Committee of the Whole, and the
committee would have determined the ques-
tion. In not appealing he acquiesced in the
decision.
Mr. LOGAN. I call for the yeas and nays
011 the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken : and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas <37, nays 02, not
voting GO; as follows : -
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Archer, Barnes,
Barnum, Bcaman, Beatty, Beck, Bingham, Blaine,
Blair, Boyer, Brooks, Buckland, Header \V. Clarke,
Farnswortii, Ferriss, G-etz, Glossbrenuer, (Jolladay,
Griswold, drover, Halsey, Holman, Ilotchkiss, Ches-
ter D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Hunter, Jenckes, Kerr,
Keteham, Knott,Lathn, WilliamLawrenec, Mallory,
Marvin, McCormick, Mcreur, Moorhead, Morrell,
Mullins, Niblack, iXiekolson, Perham, Peters, Pike,
Pi ice, Pruyn, Randall, Scofield, Sclye, Sitgreaves,
Smith, Spaldmg, Starkweather,Stewart, Taber, Tay-
lor, Lawrence S. Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Auken,
Elihu B. Washburne. William B. Washburn, Thomas
Williams, John X. Wilson, Woodbridge, and Wood-
ward—67.
SAYS-JJessrs. Allison, Anderson, Arnell, Baker,
Benton, Boutwcll, Broomall, Burr, Butler, Cary,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cornell, Dodge, Bckley,
Ela, Ferry, Fields, Fox, Gravely, Haight, Harding,
Hawkins, Higby, Hill. Hopkins, Humphrey, Inger-
soll, Judd, Julian,Kelley,Kelsey,Kitchen,George V.
Lawrence, Logan, Marshall, Miller, Myers, New-
comb, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Pile, Poland, Raima,
Sawyer. Shanks, Aaron F. Stevens, Stokes, Taffe, Up-
son, Van Aornam, Burt Van Horn, Ward, Henry i
Washburn, Welker, William Williams, James F.
Wilson, Stephen F.Wilson, Windom, and Wood—62.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, James M.
Ashley, Axtcll, Bailey, Baldwin, Banks, Benjamin,
Bromwell, Cake, Chanler, Churchill, Cook, Covode,
Cullom, l)awes, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Lgglcston,
Eldridge, Eliot, Finney, Garfield, Hooper, Asahel
W. Hubfeard, Richard D. Hubbard, Johnson, Jones,
Koontz, Lincoln, Loan, Loughridge, Lynch, May-
nard, McCarthy, McOluig, McCullough, Moore, Mor-
gan, Morrissoy, Mungen, Nunn, Phelps, Plants, Pols-
ley, Pomcroy, Robertson, Robinson, Ross, Schenek,
Shellabarger, Tliaddeus Stevens, Stone, Thomas,
iluliii Trimble, Twichell, Robert T. Van Horn, va.n
Trump, V an W yck, and Cadwalader C. W ashburn—60.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The second amendment reported from the
Committee of the Whole was to strike out
"§2,133,413" and insert "$1,800,000" in
the clause making appropriation "for commu-
tation of officers' subsistence."
The amendment was agreed to.
The third amendment was to strike out
"20,000" andinsert "$17,500" in the clause
making appropriation "for commutation of
forage for officers' horses."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
reconsider the vote by which thesf* amend-
ments of the Committee of the Whole have
been agreed to; and also move to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. BLAINE. I hope the gentleman will
not make that motion now.
The motion to reconsider was laid on the
table. .
The fourth amendment reported from the
Committee of the Whole was to strike out
"3250,000" and insert "$225,000" in the
clause appropriating "for payments in lieu of
clothing for officers' servants."
The amendment was agreed to.
The fifth amendment was to the following
paragraph:
For the ordnance service, required to defray the
current expenses at the arsenals of receiving stores
and issuing arms and other ordnance supplies; ot
police and office duties; of rents, tolls, luel, and
lights; of stationery and office furniture; of tools and
instruments tor use; of public animals, forage, and
vehicles; incidental expenses of the ordnance ser-
vice, including those attending practical trials and
tests of ordnance, small arms, and other ordnance
supplies, SjGO.UUO.
The amendment was to add to the paragraph
the following:
Provided, That no money appropriated by this act
shall be used to pay for any new cannon or small
arms.
The amendment was agreed to.
The sixth amendment was to insert the fol-
lowing under the heading "For repairs and
improvements of armories and arsenals:"
For arsenal at St. Louis, Missouri, $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The seventh and last amendment was to add
to the bill the following:
And it is hereby provided that the sums appropri-
ated for each of the several items contained in this
bill shall bo niado up only by computing tho unex-
pended balance for such item which may remain in
the Treasury on tho 30th June, 1868, and adding
thereto so much more fiom tho Treasury as will £ivo
the sum for cieh of such items appropriated by this
bill: Provided, however. Thai this shall not be con-
strued to prevent the payment from tho proper ap-
propriations of expenditures mado during the cur-
rent fiscal year after said year shall have closed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. BLATNE. Upon that question I call
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. PAINE. I call for tlic yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and upon a division there were
eleven in the affirmative, not one fifth of the
last vote.
Before the result of tho vote was announced,
Mr. LOGAN called for tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering tell-
ers ; and there were—ayes fifteen, not one-fifth
of a quorum.
So tellers were refused, and the yeas and nays
were refused.
The bill was then passed; there being upon
a division—ayes G5, noes 39.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to amend the title of
the bill so as to read, "An act making appro-
priations to defray the expenses of the Army
and to deprive every non-commissioned officer
in the Army of the United States of promotion
under existing laws."
Mr. BANKS. Does not the bill exclude all
volunteer officers?
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly it docs. I will
modify my amendment by inserting after "non-
commissioned" the words "and volunteer."
Mr. WASIIBlTllNE, of Illinois. I move to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also move that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
Mr. PAINE. On the motion to lay on the
taffle the motion to reconsider I demand the
yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER,. That question will be
reserved till the House acts on the title.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the previous question oil tlie amendment and
on the title.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Logan.]
The SPEAKER. The previous question is
operating, and an amendment cannot be of-
fered exceptby reconsidering the vote by which
the main question was ordered.
Mr. BLAINE. I-move to reconsider.
Several Membees. Oh, no.
Mr. BLAINE. I merely wish to state—:—
Mr. PILE and others objected to debate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Blaine] has the right to speak an
hour.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to state, Mr.
Speaker 
Mr. PAINE. I rise to a point of order.
When the gentleman from Maine took the
floor^ he expressly waived, as I understood,
his right to speak for an hour.
Mr. BLAINE. That was not at this stage.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order upon the ground that at every
stage, in the consideration of a bill, the gen-
tleman having charge of it is entitled to the
floor for an hour after the seconding of the
previous question, the object of the rule being,
as the Cliair has repeatedly explained, that no
hostile majority in the House should prevent
the gentleman having charge of a bill from
closing debate at each particular stage. It is
not usual to move to amend the title of a bill;
but that motion having been made, and the
previous question having been seconded, the
gentleman having charge of the bill has the
right to the floor at this stage.
Mr. BLAINE. I propose to exercise that
right, if tho gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Paine] will not interrupt me with points of
order.
Mr. PAINE. That depends on whether the
gentleman observes the rules.
Mr. BLAINE. Mr. Speaker, those who
have made such strenuous opposition to the
amendment adopted in the Committee of the
Whole to this bill have, I will not say misrep-
ressnted, but entirely misapprehended its scope
and moaning; and I charge upon those gentle-
men that if they succeed to-day in what they
are attempting to do they make a stab at the
officers of thirty regiments now holding com-
missions. The question before the country
to-day is whether we are going to keep up, as
a permanency, an army of sixty regiments.
For one, I understand that we are not. If we
are not going to keep up an army of sixty
regiments what is the most feasible, the most
humane, tho most beneficent, the fairest mode
of reducing that army ?
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I wish to ask
the gentleman 
Mr. BLAINE. I cannotconsent to be inter-
rupted at this stage. In reducing this Army
shall we continue to commission men who, in
one year or two years from this time, will have
to be mustered out in connection with hun-
dreds of others who to-day regard the Army
as their life profession ? I say, that gentlemen
who are taking the ground so strenuously
maintained by the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Logan,] the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck,] and the gentleman from "Wisconsin,
[Mr. Paine,] will bring the Congress of the
United States, in less than two years, to the
necessity of providing for mustering out the
officers of thirty regiments. These gentlemen
who are so great friends of the volunteers  
Mr. PAINE. Why not do it? -
Mr. BLAINE. Why not do it? You will
have to do it if you insist on that necessity,
but if you stop to-day appointing officers that
question regulates itself without interfering
with a solitary commission now held by an
officer. The gentleman says we want • to
weed'' out tho volunteers. I wish to explain
bv what method this attacks volunteers,
"Mr. LOGAN. Will you allow me?
Mr. BLAINE. I will give the gentleman
five minutes.
Mr. LOGAN. I will show it. It attacks
tliem in this way. As the law now stands a
volunteer soldier or private who becomcs a
