1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, April 22, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
impeachment of the president.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore called the
Senate to order, and at once vacated the chair
that it might be occupied by the Chief Justice.
The Senate sitting for the trial of the im-
peachment having^ adjourned,
The President pro tempore resumed the chair
at four minutes past four o'clock.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, April 22, 1868.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyktou.
By unanimous consent the reading of the
Journal of yesterday "'as dispensed with.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will repeat the
announcement made by him last week, that
during the remainder ot the trial in the Senate,
should the House on any day return to the Hall
before three o'clock, business may be trans-
acted. The first business will be the morning
hour call of committees for reports.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
suggest to' the Chair to fix the time at two
o'clock.
Several Members. No ; three o'clock will
be better.
The SPEAKER. The Chair consulted with
several members, who suggested three o'clock
as the proper time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We could
not do much business after three o'clock.
The SPEAKER. The House can adjourn
if members think proper to do so.
appointments in interior department.
Mr. MILLER. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution for considera-
tion at this time:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and is hereby, directed to inform this House of
tbe names and date of clerks appointed in that De-
partment since the 1st of April last and by whom
recommended.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
impeachment of the president.
The SPEAKER. The hour of eleven o'clock
having arrived the House will now resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole, according to
order, and proceed to the bar of the Senate,
following the managers and preceded by the
chairman of the Committee of the Whole, who
will be attended by the Clerk and acting Door-
keeper.
The House then resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole, in obedience to the
order, and proceeded to the bar of the Senate.
At four o'clock and five minutes p. m. the
Committee of the Whole returnedi to the Hall,
and the Speaker having resumed the chair,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, made the
following report: The Committee of the Whole
have, according to order, attended the man-
agers to the bar of the Senate, sitting as a court
of impeachment for the trial of Andrew John-
son ; progress has been made in the trial, and
the Senate, sitting as a court of impeachment,
has adjourned until to-morrow at eleven
o'clock a. m.
And then, on motion of Mr. WINDOM,(at four
o'clock and seven minutes p. m.,) the House
adjourned until eleven o'clock to-morrow.
petition.
The following petition was presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittee : _
By Mr. DONNELLY : The petition of P.
Cudmore and 150 others, discharged volunteer
soldiers of the United States, residing in the
State of Minnesota, asking that the preemption
law be so amended as to permit honorably dis-
charged soldiers to make a second preemption
entry in certain cases.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, April 23, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
impeachment of tiie president.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore called the
Senate to order, and at once vacated the chair
that it might be occupied by the Chief Jus-
tice.
The Senate sitting for the trial of the im-
peachment having adjourned,
The President pro tempore resumed the chair
at two minutes before four o'clock p. m.
message from tiie iiocse.
A message from the House of Representa- j
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills j
and joint resolutions:
A bill (S. No. 358) providing for the restora-
tion of Lieutenant Commander Trevett 'Ab-
bott, of the United States Navy, to the active
list of the Navy ;
A bill (S. No. 416) for the relief of John S.
Cunningham, paymaster United States Navy;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 118) for the
appointment of a commission to select suit-
able locations for powder magazines; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 126) fbr the
relief of George W. Doty< a commander in the
United States Navy, on the retired list.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 462) making appro-
priations for the expenses of the trial of the
impeachment of Andrew Johnson and other
contingent expenses of the Senate for the year
ending June 30, 1868, and other purposes,
with an amendment, in which the concurrence
of the Senate was requested.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate:
/ A bill (H. R. No. 768) concerning the lights
' of American citizens in foreign States ;
A bill (H. R. No. 911) to amend acts in
relation to the Navy and Marine corps; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1021) in amendment of
an act entitled " An act to establibli a uniform
system of bankruptcy throughout the United
States," approved March 2, 18G7.
senate contingent expenses.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that
the deficiency bill just returned from the House
of Representatives be taken up at the pres-
ent time with a view to concurrence in its
action.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the bill (S. No.
462) making appropriations for the exp'enses
of the trial of the impeachment of Andrew
Johnson and other contingent expenses of the
Senate for the year ending June 30, 1868, and
for other purposes.
The amendment was to strike out the follow-
ing items:
For deficiency in the appropriation for defraying
the expense ot hydration of the Senate Chamber,
$3,000. , . .. p r • 
For deficiency in the appropriation for furniture
and repairs, $5,000. .
For deficiency m the appropriation lor clerks to
committees, pages, horses, and carryalls, $15,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. 1 move that the
Senate concur in the amendment of the House
of Representatives.
The motion was agreed to.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a_ petition of the
Governor of Minnesota, praying for the pa§-
of an act of Congress to give construction
to existing laws granting laud for the use of
a Slate university in that State; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SPRAGUB presented resolutions of the
Legislature of the State of Rhode Island, pray-
ing for the construction of a harbor of refuge
on Block island; which were referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
He also presented a letter from the Secretary
of War, communicating a report from the
chief of engineers, relative to the construction
of a harbor of refuge on Block island ; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROSS presented a memorial of citizens
of South Florida, praying relief for the Indians
of South Florida, and against an Indian war ;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
reports of committees.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was recommitted the
bill (11. R. No. 870) to remove political dis-
abilities from Roderick R. Butler, of Tennes-
see, reported it with an amendment, and sub-
mitted certain testimony relating to the case;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Claims, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 185) for the relief of the Barthol-
omew County Agricultural Society, in the State
of Indiana, reported it without amendment,
and submitted a report; which waj ordered
to be printed.
house bills referred. \
/ The bill (II. R. No. 708) concerning the >
'rights of American citizens in foreign btates
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
The bill (H. li. No. 041J to amend acts in
relation to the Navy and Marine corps was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
The bill (H. R. No. 1021) in amendment of
an act entitled ''An act to establish a uniform
system of bankruptcy throughout the United
States," approved March 2, 1867, was read
iwice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, April 23, 1868.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxtok.
By unanimous consent the reading ot the
Journal of yesterday was dispensed with.
impeachment of tiie president.
The SPEAKER. The hour of eleven o'clock
havingarrived the House will now resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole, accordingto
order, and proceed to the bar of the Senate,
following the managers and preceded by the
chairman of the Committee of the Whole, who
will be attended by the Clerk and acting Door-
keeper.
The House then resolved itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole, in obedience to the order,
and proceeded to the bar of the Senate.
At four-o'clock p. m. the Committee of the
Whole returned to tbe Hall, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, made the
following report: The Committee of the Whole
have, according to order, attended the man-
agers to the bar of the Senate, sitting as a court
of impeachment for the trial of Andrew John-
son ; progress has been made in the trial, and
the Senate, sitting as a court of impeachment,
has adjourned until to-morrow at eleven o clock
a" And then, on motion of Mr. MAYNARD,
(at four o'clock and two minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned until eleven o'clock to-mor-
row.
