the
July 28,
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. As the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Botdeh]
desires to say a few words, I will yield to him
for a moment, and I think what he will say
will fall with some weight upon the House.
Mr. BOYDBN. Mr. Speaker, I am aston-
ished at the ideas advanced in this House. I
ana alarmed at the condition of mind of gen-
tlemen on this floor. Do they propose to send
arms to North Carolina that we may get into
a fight with each other'? Great God ! if we are
on the eve of a conflict, keep away arms ? Do
nothing to irritate our people. Do everything
in your power to assuage and heal the excite-
ment that is abroad there. We want no arms. It
would seem from what is said here that a con-
flictis just up'ontheeve of being engaged in, and
you are fo send usaVmstofight it out. No, sir;
I Warn this House that if they do such a thing
as that they will ruin us all. We cannot live
there if you are about to send arms to enable
us to fight each other. If anything is to be
done ift the way of arms, send the Army of the
Unitod States there. Do not arm neighbor
against neighbor, and expect to have peace and
good government under any such policy as
that. There never was a more mischievous
measure than this proposition to arm one part
of our people against the other.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I make
the same, point of order that was made on
other gentlemen.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The bill in regard to arming
the States is not before the House.
Mr. HAMILTON. I desire to say that the
gentleman from North Carolina does not speak
the sentiments of the South.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
a vote on seconding the previous question.
The question was put; and there were—ayes-
91, noes 56.
Mr. RATTM aud Mr. MILLER demanded
tellers.
Tellers-were orderedand Messrs. Garfield
and Boydex were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 81, noes 07.
So the previous question was seconded.
The question was upon ordering the main
question to be now put.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 80, nays HI, not voting
55 ; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Adams, Ames, Archer, Axtell,
Baker. Beck. Bingham, Blair, Boyden, Boyor, Broiu-
woll. Brooks, Broomall, Churchill, Reader VV.Clarko,
Cook, Cullom, Dawes, Delano. Dixon, Doekcry,
Driggs, Eckley, Eerriss, Fields, Get?,, Golladay, Gris-
wold, Grover, Haight, Hill, Hotchkiss, Chester 1).
Hubbard, Hnntor, Ingersoll, Johnson. Thomas L.
Jones, Kerr. Ketoham, Knott, Koontz, Laflin, Lash,
Loan, Mallory, Marshall, McCulIougli, McKee, Mer-
eur, Moore, tirth. Pike, Plants, Poland, Pomeroy,
Kaodall, liobertson, Boss. Sawyer, Smith, Spalding,
btarkweather, Stewart, Stone, Taber, Taffe, Taylor,
irowbritfge, Xwiohell, Ui>son. Van Aernam, Van
Immp, Ll.hu B. Washbume, William B.Washburn,
William Williams, James P. Wilson, John T. Wil-
son. Stephen ]?. Wilson, Wood, and Woodward—80.
NAYB—Messrs. Allison, Arnell, Delos R. Ashley,
.Tames MjP&shley, Baldwin, Banks, Beatty, Benton,
Blackburn, Boles, Boutwell, Bowen. Bucklarcd,
Buckley, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick B. Batlcr,
Call.s, Sidney Clarke, Cobh, Coburn, Covode. De-
weese, Egglestpn, Bin, Eldridge, Eliot, tfarnsworth,
Irencli. Garfield, Glossbrenner, (Joss, Gravely, Ham-
ilton, Haufihcy, Hawkins, Iteaton, Iligby, Hinds,
Hooper, Hopkins, Jenekes, Alexander H. Jones,
Judd, Ivellcy, Kellogg, ltelsey, William Lawrence,
Lincoln, Logan, Maynard.McOlurg, Miller, Mullins,
Myers, N.black, Nicholson. Nunn, O'Neill, Paine,
"Perham, Pierce, Pile, Polsley, Ilaum, Schenck, Sco
Welker, Wlnttemore, and Wlndom—81.
NOT VOTliSG—Mebsrs. Anderson, Bailey, Barnes,
Barnum, Beaman, Benjamin, Blaine. Burr, Cake,
Cary.Ulianler, Cornell, Dodge, Donnelly, Ferry, Jfin-
ney, Fox, Halsey, Harding, Holtnan, Asahel W.
Hubbaid. Richard D.Hubbard, Ilulburd, Humphrey,
Julian, Kitchen, George V. Lawrence, Loughridge,
Lynch,Mann, Marvin, McCarthy, McCormick, Moor-
head, Moirell, Morri&sey, M-uagen, Newcornb, New-
sham, Norris, Peters, Phehis, Price, Pruyn, ltobia-
son. Boots, Selye, Shellabarger, Thaddeus Stevens,
John Trimble, Kob.ertT.Van Horn, VanWyck, Cad-
waladorC. Washburn,Thomas Williams, and Wood-
bridge—55.
So _ the House refused to order the main
question.
Mr. PILE. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the previous question was seconded.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope we will have an
opportunity of amending the resolution.
The question was put on Mr. Pile's motion;
and there were—ayes G3, noes 03.
The SPEAKER. The Chair votes in the
affirmative, and the vote seconding the pre-
vious question is reconsidered, as it must have
been if anything else was to be done, the House
having refused to order the main question to
be put.
The question recurred on seconding the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I with-
draw the demand for the previous question in
order to enable the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schexuk] to make a motion to amend the
resolution, and then he will call the previous
question.
Mr. SCHENCK took the floor.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a question of order.
The SPEAKER. Tho gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. BUTLEli, of Massachusetts. I under-
stand the parliamentary rule to be that after
the House has antagonized, by its vote a posi-
tion taken by the person in charge of a resolu-
tion or measure then he is not entitled to the
floor as against other members.
The SPEAKER. That is true. And when
the vote is taken again upon seconding the
previous question that rule will apply, and not
until then. The vote seconding the previous
question having been reconsidered, the ques-
tion recurs, "Will the House second the de-
mand for the previous question ?"
Mr. PILE. I desire to ask a parliamentary
question. Will it be in order now to move to
postpone the further consideration of this reso-
lution '!
The SPEAKER. It will not, because the
demand for the previous question is now pend-
ing. The gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wasii-
jiijkxk,] who has possession of the floor, with-
draws that demand, in order to allow the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Suuknck] to move
an amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move to amend
the amendment of the Senate, which provides
for a recess, so that the reassembling of Con-
gress shall be on the 14th of October instead
of the third Monday, or the 21st, of Septem-
ber. And I will state my reason for that
amendment. There seems to be a determina-
tion on the part of the House that if we leave
here it shall be with an airangement by which
a meeting of Congress shall take place before
December next. I desire that the meeting
shall take place as soon as practicable after the
elections in the three large States of Pennsyl-
vania, Ohio, and Indiana. If we meet on the
21st of September, under the provisions of the
Senate amendment, then, as I understand it, if
a quorum of both Houses does not appear the
two Presiding Officers will be imperatively re-
quired to adjourn Congress until the first Mon-
day of December next.
Now, if there be any purpose of mischief,
any development of a spirit of violence in
those States where we apprehend it may be
manifested, it may very easily be suppressed
in a great degree from motives of policy, and
the hand of mischief not shown, until after the
21st of September. And if all be quiet and
going on smoothly at that time you will not be
able to get a quorum of either House, or at
least of both Houses, to meet here at that
time. In that case we will be powerless until
the regular meeting of Congress in December
next. But if we postpone the time of meeting
until the middle of October, until after the
elections in two or three important. States shall
have taken place, and there will by that time
have been developed any purpose or temper
and spirit of mischievous violence, or any-
thing of that kind in the southern States, then,
my word for it, upon a manifestation of that
sort, the people will require their Representa-
tives and their Senators to be here, as they
did upon one occasion before. For that rea-
son, if we are to have a recess, I hope that
recess will be prolonged until the 14th of Octo-
ber, two days after the elections are to take
place in the three great States to which I have
referred.
Mr. WOOD. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly.
Mr. WOOD. 1 desire to ask the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schenok] what the Congress
of the United States lias to do with the elec-
tions in October next in Pennsylvania, Ohio,
and Indiana?
Mr. SCHENCK. They have to do with
those elections as facts; they have to do with
them in this instance as connected with dates.
It would be inconvenient for members to come
here from three of the large States just upon
the eve of the elections there, within a tew
days before. Arguing with refereuce to their
convenience, therefore, i did not propose, as
I otherwise might have done, that the reas-
sembling of Congress should take place some
time in the first week of October. Inasmuch,
therefore, as for convenience sake it should
be thrown beyond those elections, I would
make it as soon after those elections as prac-
ticable. I have not spoken of the Congress
of the United States as having anything to do
with those elections.
Mr. WOOD. 1 understood the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Sciiexuk] to say that in ease
of any indication of a turbulent, spirit in those
States the people would demand of their
representatives to meet here in October.
Now, I desire the gentleman to tell us for
what object the Congress of the United States
can come here in October, in connection with
the elections in those States?
Mr. SCHENCK. Does the gentleman refer
to the southern States?
Mr. WOOD. No : to the other States.
Mr. SCHENCK. Oh, I have not been talk-
ing about them in any such connection. I
have merely referred to the date of the elec-
tions as affecting the convenience of a meeting
in October.
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman has another
motive.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is against the gentle-
man's friends, the Ku-Klux-IClan in the south-
ern States, that we want to prepare.
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman is a revolu-
tionist, and desires to adopt revolutionary
measures.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have been speaking of
our action as necessary for the protection of
the disloyal States. We do not need any con-
gressional measures of protection in Ohio.
We will there take care of the gentleman's
hybrid ticket without any diflieelty.
Mr. WOOD. The people will "take care of
you.
Mr. SCHENCK. That ticket will be taken
care of, I apprehend, in all the States I have
named; but my reference to those States was
merely with regard to the date of their elec-
tions as affecting the convenience of our meet-
ing. They were not referred to in any other
connection at all.
Mr. DEWEESE. Mr. Speaker, I think that
every man who loves his country should vote
against this resolution. If this "Congress ad-
journs without makingsome provision for sus-
taining the newly organized governments of
the southern States, and protecting the loyal
people there, the rebellion will be reestab-
wl ' e ir .programme laid down in the
letter of Mr. Blair, the candidate of the rebel
Democracy for the Vice Presidency, will be
carried, out In 1805 the rebel armies were dis-
banded and sent home carrying in their hands
' 'J ■ r y "S1 to shoot the supporters
ol this Congress ; and if you expect n, to main-
tain the governments you have established
J ou must assist us m doing so. If you adjourn
