3354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June'22,
the year. Such discriminating legislation in
favor of our own employes is, to say the
least, not very creditable to Congress.^
But as this whole subject is now being con-
sidered by a select committee of the two
Houses I think it would not be wise to strike
down the compensation of the Capitol police
until that committee report. I understand
the Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessendbn] is
almost prepared to report a bill from that
committee. For this reason, though I agree
with the Senator from Indiana, that the com-
pensation named by him is enough, I feel
inclined to vote against the amendment, in the
hope that we may at the same timebring back
the standard of pay of all the employes about
the Capitol to what it was before the change in
the law.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Before the vote is taken,
I wish to say that my colleague [Mr. Anthony]
has been called home by the death of his
brother.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Davis, Doolittle, Ferry, Harlan,
Hendricks, McCreery, Morrill of Vermont, Patteison
of Tennessee, Saulsbury, Sherman, and Sprague—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Corbett,
Cra^m, Dixon, Fessenden. Howe, Johnson, Morgan,
Morrill ot Maine, Nye, Kamsey, Sumner-, Thayer,
Trumbull, Wade, Wilicy, and Yates—19.
ABSENT—Slc-srs. Anthony, Bayard, Buckalew,
Cameron, Cattell, Conness, Drake, Edmunds, Fowler,
FrcJinghuysen,(grimes, Henderson, Howard, Morton,
Norton, Patterson ot New Hampshire, Pomeroy,
Boss, Stewart, Tipton, Van Winkle, Viekers, Wil-
liams, and Wilbou—24.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The amendment of the Committee on Ap-
propriations was agfeed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and sixty-six, to strike out " lliree thou-
sand" and insert "fifteen hundred;" so as to
make the clause read as follows, among the
contingent expenses of the House of Kepre-
sentatives:
For paying the publishers _ of the Congressional
Globe and Appendix, according to the number of
copies taken, one cent for every five pages exceeding
lilteen hundred, including the indexes and the laws
of the United States, $9,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and seventy-five, to reduce the appropri-
ation " for folding documents, including ma-
terials," for the House of Representatives from
$50,000 to $42,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and eighty-three, to reduce the appro-
priation "for laborers" for the House of
.Representatives from §12,000 to $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to reduce the
appropriation for "miscellaneous items" for
the House contingent fund from S70,000 to
$50,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out line
one hundred and eighty-five, in the appropria-
tions for the House contingent fund, in these
words:
Fop newspapers, $12,500.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
For stationery and newspapers for two hundred
and iifty Members and Delegates, to the amount of
4125 each, $31,250.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lineonehundred
and ninety-one, to reduce the appropriation
"for twenty-five pages and three temporary
mail-boys" for the House of Representatives
from $16,000 to $6,720.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hundred
and ninety-five, to reduce the appropriation
for stationery for the House of Ilepresentatives
from 830,000 to $15,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the appropria-
tions for the Library of Congress, to strike out
in line two hundred and thirty-seven the word
"four" and insert "three," and to strike out
in linetwo hundred and thirty-eight "$3,456"
and insert "$2,592 ;" so as to makethe clause
read:
For three laborers, at $861 each, $2,592.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was inline two hun-
dred and forty, to strike out "two " and insert
"three," and in line two hundred and forty-
one, to increase the appropriation from §2,880
to $4,320; so as to make the clause read:
For threo assistant librarians, at $1,440 each, 84,320.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line two hun-
dred and eighty, to strike out the following
clause:
For compensation to the Private Secretary, assist-
ant secretary, short-hand writer, clerk of pardons,
three clerks of fourth class, stoward, and messenger
of the President of the United States, $18,800.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
For compensation to the Private Secretary, one
clerk of class four, steward, and messenger of the
President of tho United States, 48,200: Provided,
That so much of the fourth section of the act of July
23,1866, making appropriation for legislative, execu-
tive, andjudicial expenses of the Government for tho
year ending June 30,1867, as authorizes the President
of thoUnited States to appoint anassistantseoretary,
a short-hand writer, a clerk of pardons, and two clerks
of the fourth class is hereby repealed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have
some reason given for this amendment. _ It
proposes to repeal entirely tho law regulating
the official family of the President. That law
was prepared, I know, with a great deal of care
a few years ago. There were only a small
number of officers allotted to the President's
House and employed by him, and they were
constantly employed, and were said to be
insufficient, it seems to me we ought not to
change this law, especially at the incoming of
a new Administration, ll there is any good
reason for it, I should like to hear it from the
Senator having charge of the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It did not occur
to the committee that they were interfering
with the official family or the official relations
of the President in any essential way. The
amendment leaves the clerical loree ot the
President precisely where it was in 1865. In
1866 the committee supposed there were some
reasons for increasing the force of the Presi-
dent, which reasons were of a peculiar char-
acter, and which will be sufficiently indicated
by reading the increased force which was
then put at the disposal of the President. The
increase was as follows: he was authorized to
appoint an assistant secretary, a short-hand
writer, a clerk of pardons, and two clerks of
the fourth class. Now, it is known to Con-
gress that about that time, in I860, the exec-
utive department of the Government was
thronged with applications for pardons, and it
was thought proper to authorize the appoint-
ment of a clerk of pardons. The Committee
on Appropriations supposed that that time
had gone by ; that there was no further neces-
sity for a clerk with a special designation—on
pardons. I submit to my friend from Ohio
whether he believes, under the present circum-
stances, that that officer is any longer needed ?
Then, as to tho functions of an assistant sec-
retary, the President alieady has two secre-
taries. There are two secretaries provided for
in this bill ; and nobody, I suppose, knows
better than my honorable friend from Ohio
that in addition to that, ho has his chief Pri-
vate Secretary, detailed from the Army ; so
that, as matter of fact, he has three: two pro-
vided by law, and one provided by detail; and
but for this amendment to the bill he would
have four. Now, will my friend say that he
j believes the official family of the President is
\ being interfered with by this bill, when, as it
stands, the President will have three secre-
taries V As it came from the House he had
four. There is no limitation on the force he
may have, because the power of detail tor sec-
retaries and clerks is unlimited. The com-
mittee, therefore, saw no reason, so long as the
j President has the power to detail whomso-
ever he pleases from the Army or from any
branch of the service to perform just such
duties as he chooses, why Congress should be
called upon to make these additional appro-
priations.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to ask the
Senator from Maine by what authority the
President has the right to detail an officer of
the Army to perform clerical duties? I know
it has been done ; but I do not know what law
would authorize it
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My friend knowa
that such is the fact.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir ; I know it is
done.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Colonel Moore
is a paymaster in the Army. He is one of the
acting secretaries certainly of the President of
the United States, as we have had occasion to
know this morning, and as I suppose is well
known, and he has been for, perhaps, years.
Therefore I submit to my honorable friend
from Ohio, that it is not interfering in any
sense which would be an embarrassment to
the President with his official family. He still
has left to him all the force that President
Lincoln had .during his entire administration ;
all that was found to be necessary in 1865;
and in addition to that he lias this detailed
assistant secretary. If there is anything to be
said in favor of the retention of these officers
the committee were not informed of it. If
any argument could be made on that point it
might be as to one of the two clerks that are
struck out; but as to the clerk of pardons and
the assistant secretary it is impossible to
conceive that the President can require either
the pardon clerk or an additional secretary to
the two he already has. The committee were
not informed that there was any state of things
at the executive department, that requires any
force as to clerks beyond what existed in 1865.
if the Senator from "Ohio has any information
in regard to the clerks that are struck out here
he can state it.
Mr. DIXON. The proposition now before
the Senate, as I understand it, is to strike out
tho following appropriation:
For compensation to the Private Secretary, assist-
ant secretary, short-hand writer, clerk of pardons,
three clerks of fourth class, steward, a,nd messenger
of the President of the United States, ®18,8O0.
And in lieu of those words to insert:
For compensation to the Private Secretary, one
clerk of class four, steward, and messenger of the
President of the United States, $8,200: Provided,
That so much of the fourth section of the act of July
23,1866, making appropriation for legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30,1867, as authorizes the Pres-
ident of the United States to appoint an assistant
secretary, a short-hand writer, a elerk of pardons,
and two clerks of the fourth class, is hereby repealed.
I am not myself entirely informed as to the
clerical force employed by the President. I
know very well whenever I have happened to
be at the Executive Mansion they all seemed
to be very busily employed ; a great deal of
work was to be performed ; and 1 had not sup-
posed that there was any necessity of reducing
the force or that it could be done with any pro-
priety. I suppose that when that portion of
the act was passed which it is now proposed
to repeal if was thought by Congress that the
force authorized was actually necessary at the
Executive Mansion. 1 believed it to be so
then, and I believe it to be so now. 1 must
confess it strikes me very unfavorably to change
to so very great an extent as is proposed the
assistants now furnished by the Government lo
the President for performing his duties. It
, seems to me that H the honorable Senator who
t; has charge of this bill had wished to enforce
j economy he might have commenced a little
,, nearer home.
Now, sir. whether the clerical force allowed
to the President is proper or not, as I have said,
i I am not prepared to say ; but I wish to call to
'! the attention cf the Senate and of the country,
i when we are making this great redaction in a
j1 manner which seems somewhat invidious to the
ii practice of the Senate in regard to clerical
il employment. We have a certain number of
