1306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
non-commissioned officer has the right to be
promoted to a lieutenancy in the Army, by
passing an examination. That is the law.' Is
it not? This provides, however, that hereaf-
ter no appointment to a commission shall be
made except of graduates from West Point.
Mr. BLAINlii.^ It does no suck thing. It
says until otherwise ordered by law.
' [Laughter.]
?fr' ^ '^at *s hereafter 
Mr. LOGAN. My five minutes are not out.
U ntil otherwise ordered by law. When is it to
pc otherwise ordered by law ? When you stick
m this amendment, which has never been in-
vestigated before the committee. When is it
to be repealed ?
Mr. BLAINE. On what authority does the
gentleman make the statement it was never
considered before the committee ?
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman stated it yes-
terday ; on your own authority, sir.
Mr. BLAINE. Not at all.
Mr. LOGAN. I give the gentleman as au-
thority. _ He made the statement. He said he
brought it from General Grant's headquarters
"verbatim, et literatim, et punctuatim," as he
introduced it into the House, and that it was
never passed on in the committee. I give the
gentleman as authority. [Laughter.]
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman is captious.
There was a larger amendment 
Mr. LOGAN. My five minutes are not out.
Mr. BANKS. "Dictated" was the word.
The gentleman from Maine said it was dictated
at General Grant's headquarters.
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, sir. I declare before
this House that under this proviso no appoint-
ment in the Army can be made except from
those who have graduated at West Point. I
say it deprives every poor non-commissioned
officer in the Army, who has served his four
years and carried his musket, who by virtue
of present law is entitled to promotion, of the
right of examination for that promotion in the
Army as a commissioned officer. I assail
the proviso upon that ground as a brand upon
the poor non-commissioned officers ofthe Army.
I assert here, sir, the soldier has the same
right to f>romotion after examination—the non-
commissioned officer has th« same right to ap-
pointment as the graduate at WestPomt. This
proviso does deprive him of that right, and
hcnce I say it ought to be stricken out. It is
an effort to cut the throat of every civilian in
the Army. It was struck at the volunteers. It
is a blow at the gallant and patriotic men who
carried their muskets in the war. It is to help
a class, an aristocratic class, at the expense of
the unfortunate men who hold no commissions;
no matter what their education may be; no
matter what their service may have been to the
country; no matter how much blood they may
have shed to give nourishment to the great tree
of liberty in this land. Yet these brave men
are deprived of all right under this bill to be
promoted to a commission in the United States
Army.
That is this bill, sir. That is this amend-
ment. It was the intention of this amend-
ment, and the gentleman knows it, his asser-
tion to the contrary notwithstanding, if he can
understand his own writing.
I ask this House, Mr. Speaker, not to pass
this amendment. It was only passed before
by two majority. I appeal to the Democrats
and Republicans here to-day to tell me what
justice there is in voting that no man shall
ever receive a commission in the Army unless
he has passed the ordeal for graduation at
West Point? I ask you to tell me whether
the men who fought the country's battles and
were crimsoned with their gore in its defense
are not entitled to as much favor as the men
who come out of this institution attest Point?
Take your million of men officered by vol-
unteers, men who did their duty throughout
the war; to-day you have stabbed that class
of men ; you have deprived them of their rights
under the law.
[Hcr/5 the hammer fell.]
Mr. BLAINE. I think if the five minutes
had not expired, the gentleman himself would
have expired. [Laughter.]
Mr. LOGAN. It would not have cost you
a cent. [Laughter.]
Mr. BLAINE. With reference to the point
I made I have this to say: the original amend-
ment which the Committee on Appropriations
authorized me to report went very much fur-
ther than this does. The modification I made
was far inside of that; so that, to all intents and
purposes, while the gentleman may be techni-
cally correct as to the mere language employed,
the amendment was really and directly author-
ized by the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. BUTLER. Oh, no.
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman need not
say "Oh, no."
Mr. BUTLER. Give me ten minutes and
I will show you why I say " Oh, no."
Mr. BLAINE. If the gentleman was not
present he has no right to contradict the state-
ment. In spite of all this howl about stab-
bing volunteers, I say that to-day there are
two thousand men in the staff corps and in the
regiments of the United States Army who were
appointed for gallant and meritorious services
in the late war; and the question comes up—
and I cannot make my point any stronger than
by merely repeating it—whether you are going
to maintain an Army that will necessitate the
mustering out of one half of these men, or
whether you are going now to take such pru-
dent precaution for a year and a half or two
years as will leave every man who is to-day
commissioned in the Army in the enjoyment
of his commission, when he has made his ar-
rangements for remaining in the Army for life.
I am perfectly willing to risk that question
before the volunteer officers of the country or
before a jury of twelve men who will impar-
tially examine the subject.
In regard to West Point there is no excep-
tion in thisbill in favor of the graduates of
that institution that has not always been made.
This hill makes no exception that is not in
accordance with usage and law ever since that
institution was established. Is not that so?
Gentlemen may say that technically it is not
required that they should be appointed, but I
ask the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck]
if he ever knew a graduate of West Point
refused an appointment in the Army?
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 answer that I do not,
nor do I expect to know of such a case. I
will say further that there is 110 law now re-
quiring that a commission shall be issued to
him, but this bill makes it imperative that
they shall be selected. I say if the object be
to reduce the Army it will be sufficient to pro-
vide that no more than fifty or sixty or any
given number shall be appointed in any one
year, without making this invidious distinction
as to where they shall come from, but leaving
the law as it is.
Mr. BLAINE. Will the gentleman consent
to a reduction of the Army on that basis ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Asa partial reduction.
Mr. BLAINE. Will he consent to it?
_ Mr. SCHENCK. Yes. I have no objec-
tion to beginning in that way.
Mr. BLAINE. It has been the law and the
usage unbroken from the foundation of the
Military Academy that the graduates of that
institution should be officers of the Army.
And we are throwing away our money unless
we make them officers. Let us abolish the
institution or keep it up to its original size.
If it is not to educate Army officers, in the
name of God what is it for ? Is it a charity
school?
Mr. PRUYN. This is only to operate one
year, I understand. •
Mr. BLAINE. Only till Congress chooses
to authorize differently. I take issue on the
point the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sciienck]
makes. This bill does not change the law nor
does it change the custom. Why to such an
extent was the recognition made that the Mil-
itary Academy should be used to educate and
graduate officers for the Army that when there
were more graduates than places Congress
made a provision that they should be attached
to the various regiments as brevet second lieu-
tenants ; and they were brevet second lieuten-
ants for years and years. Graduates at West
Point, when the regiments were not large
enough to receive them in full commission,
were attached to thera with brevets of the low-
est grade, a thing quite anomalous in any other
condition of affairs. Now, let us either main-
tain the character and maintain the purpose of
the United States Military Academy or else
abolish it. It is a very clear question. We
cannot afford to spend $300,000 a 3-ear in edu-
cating the young gentlemen whom the gentle-
man from Illinois and myself and others nomi-
nate as cadets if we are to have no advantage
from it to the Government. I respectfully sub-
mit to gentlemen that we had better abolish the
institution.
Mr. PIIUYN. I wish to make an inquiry
of the gentleman. This proviso, as I under-
stand it, is attached to an appropriation of
$15,000,000. Now, when the $15,000,000 are
spent, the proviso falls, as I understand it. It
cannot operate for more than a year?
Mr. BLAINE. That is a question of con-
struction.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman allow
me one minute?
Mr. BLAINE. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCHENCK. With the permission of
the gentleman, I am allowed to state what the
amendment is and what the law is, and a ques-
tion has been raised with regard both to the
one and the other.
The proviso which has been adopted into
this bill will be best understood if I read it dis-
tinctly to the House. It is as follows:
Provided, That tho expenditure of the money
herein appropriated shall be limited and controlled
by tho following condition, namely: until otherwise
ordered by law no new commission shall be issued in
any regiment except to those who are en titled by law
to appointment as second lieutenants by graduation
at the United States Military Academy. But this
provision shall not be construed to deprive any offi-
cer of whatever, promotion may be open to him by
the occurrence of vacancies among his superiors in
rank.
Appointments hereafter are to be limited to
those who, by law, by reason of being gradu-
ates at West Point, are entitled to be commis-
sioned into the Anny. Now, what is the law ?
I read it:
When any cadet shall receivc a regular degree from
the academical staff, after Koing through all the
classes, he shall be considered as amons the candi-
dates tor commission in any corps, according to the
duties he may bo adjudged competent to perform:
find, m case there shall not at the time be a vacancy
in such corns he may be attached to it at the discre-
tion of the President of the United States, by brevet
01 the lowest grade, as a supernumerary officer, with
the usual pay and emoluments of such grade, until a
vacancy shall happen: Provided. That there shall
not bo more than one supernumerary.
But it is understood that there is no compul-
sory requirement to commission him, but that
he may be regarded as a candidate for any of
these places. \\ c do not dispute what the
usage has been, but we do say that having ail
Army now made up in part by appointments
from civil life, generally of those who have
seived their country in the field and proved
themselves worthy of appointments, and in
part from Yvest Point, if you are going to re-
duce it upon this system, it is enough to say
that not more than fifty or sixty or eighty, as
the case may be, shall be appointed°second
lieutenants m any one year, and let your sys-
tem stop there without defining from whom
they shall necessarily and compulsorily be
taken. That is all.
Mr. BLAINK I now yield five minutes to
the gentleman from Massachusetts. [Mr, But-
ler.] L
1 ^r* Mr. Speaker, we have not
1 /?n ^P-ortim^5r to examine this proviso in
the Committee on Appropriations. I still insist
that this was never before the Committee on
Appropriations ; and it was not on account of
my absence that I did not see it; because the
gentleman from Maine said yesterday that this
particular proviso was written at the office of
the General of the Army of the United States
at twelve o'clock yesterday, and at twelve
