272
SUPPLEMENT TO
and by virtue of the concurrent action of the
President and the Senate. There is not to be
found in the Constitution any provision con-
templating the removal of such persons from
office. But inasmuch as it is essential to the-
proper administration of affairs that there
should be a power of removal, and inasmuch
as the power of nomination and confirmation
vested in the President and in the Senate is a
continuing power, not exhausted either by a
single exercise or by a repeated exercise in
reference to a particular office, it follows legiti-
mately and properly that the President might
at anytime nominate to the Senate a person to
fill a particular office, and the Senate, in the
exercise of its constitutional power, could con-
firm that nomination, that the person so nom-
inated and confirmed would have a right to
take aud enjoy the office to which he had been so
appointed, and thus to dispossess the previous
incumbent. It is apparent that no removal
can be made unless the Resident takes the
initiati\e, and hence the expression "lemoval
by the President.''
As, by a common and universally recognized
principle of construction, tiie most recent
statute is obligatory and controlling wherever
it contravenes a previous statute, so a recent
commission, issued under an appointment
made by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, supersedes a previous appointment
although made in the same manner. It is thus
apparent that there is, under and by virtue of
the clause of the Constitution quoted, no power
of removal vested either in the President or in
the Senate, or in both of them together as an
independent power; but it is rather a con-
sequence of the power of appointment. And
as the power of appointment is not vested in
the President, but only the right to make a
nomination, which becomes an appointment
only when the nomination has been confirmed
by the Senate, the power of removing a public
officer cannot be deemed an executive power
solely within the meaning of this provision of
the Constitution.
This view of the subject is in harmony with
the opinion expressed in the seventy-sixth
number of the l'edeialist. Alter stating with
great force the objections which exist to the
exercise of the power of appointing to uflice
by an assembly of' men,'1 th e writer pioceeds
to say:
"The liu(h of (he principles hero advanced seems
to have iH'en ielt by the mo.-t uiieliiguntot those who
have founduult. with tho provision made m this rc-
Kpect by tho convention. They contend that the
Provident ought solely to have been authoi ixed to
make tuu appointments under flic Federal (iovern-
ii/oiit. Hut his ca.w to show that every advantage
to bo expected tuna, such an arrangement would m
Substance bo derived iroin I lie power of noiuiitntion,
which is proposed to bo conterred upon hnu, while
several disadvantages which might attend the abso-
lute powoi oi appointment in the handset thatothecr
would be avoided, in the act of nominating his
judgment aione would be exerciscd. and as it would
be his sole duty to point out the man who with tho
appiobatum ot tho fckmato thould fill an othee, his
responsibility would be as complete as it ho were to
malce ihoiiual appointment. There can, in this view,
bono diD'cronee between nominating aud appointing.
1'ne Mine motives which would influence a pioper
discharge of his duty in one ease would exist in the
other; and as no man could be appointed but upon
hu  previous nomination, every man who might be
appointed would be in fact his choice.
".But his nomination may be overruled. This it
certainly may, yet it can only be to make place for
another nomination by himself. Tho peiton ulti-
mately appointed must be the object of his preier-
ence, though, perhaps, not xa tho highest degree. It
is also not very probable that bis nomination would
oUen beoverruled. TbcSenateeould not he tempted
by the preference they might icel to another to reject
the one proposed, became they could not assure
themselves that the person they might wish would
be brought forward by a second, or by any subse-
quent nomination. Tney could not even be certain
mat a iuture nomination would present a candidate
hi any degree more acceptable to them. And as
their dissent might casta kind of stigma upon the
individual rejected, and might have the appearance
ot arelloetionupon the judgment, of the Chief Magis-
trate, it is not likely that their sanction would otten
be reiuscd, where there were not special and strong
K'.i.-oii!- tor the iefu:«al.
"io wh.it purpose, then, require the cooperation
of tiie Senate? I answer that the necessity of their
coucmrenoe would have a powerful, though 111 geu-
eia.1, a suent operation, it vrouid be an excellent
check upon the spirit of favoritism in the President,
and would tend greatly to preventing the appoint-
ment of unfit characters, from State prejudice, from
family connection, from personal attachment, or
from a view to popularity. And, in addition to this,
it would be an efficacious source of stability in the
Administration.
" It will readily be comprehended that a man who
had himself the sole disposition of office would be
governed much more by his private inclinations and
interests than when he was bound to submit the pro-
priety of his choice to the dictation and determina-
tion of a different and independent body, and that
body an entire branch of the Legislature. Tho
possibility of rejection would be a strong motive to
care in proposing. The danger ot his own reputa-
tion, and, in the case of an elective magistrate, to
his political existence, from betrayiriar a spirit of
favoritism, or an unbecoming pursuit of popularity,
to the observation of a body whose opinion would ;
have great weight in forming that of tho public, I
could not fail to operate as a barrier to one and to
tho other. He would be both ashamed and afraid to
biing forward for the most distinguished or lucra-
tive stations eamlidateswhohad no other merit than
lhatof coming from tho same State to which he par-
ticularly belonged, or of being m some way or other
personally allied to him, and possessing the neces-
sai y insignificance and pliancy to render them the
obsequious instruments of his pleasure."
When the President lias made a nomination
for a particular office, and that nomination has
been confirmed by the Senate, the constitu-
tional power of the President during the ses-
sion oft he Senate is exhausted with reference
to that officer. All that he can do under the
Constitution is in the same manner to nominate
a successor^who may be either confirmed or
rejected by the Senate. Considering the powers
of the President exclusively with reference to
the removal and appointment of civil officers
during the session of the Senate it is clear that
lie can only act in concurrence with the Seriate.
An office being tilled, he can on'y nominate a
succe.ssor, who, when confirmed by the Senate,
is, by operation of tho Constitution, appointed
to the office, and it is the duty of the President
to issue his commission accordingly. This
commission opoiates as a supersedeas, and the
previous occupant is thereby removed.
No legislation has attempted to enlarge or
diminish the constitutional powers of the Pres-
ident, and no legislation can enlarge or diminish
his constitutional powers in this respect, as i
shall hereafter show. It is here aud now, in
the presence of this provision of the Constitu-
tion concerning the true meaning of which
there neither is nor has ever been any serious
doubt in the mind of any lawyeror statesman,
that we strip the defense of the President of
all the questions and technicalities which the
intellects of men, sharpened but not enlarged
by the practice of the law, have wrung from the
legislation of the country covering three fourths
of a century.
On the 21st day of February last Mr. Stan-
ton was dc facto and dejure Secretary for the
Department of War. The President's letter
to Mr. Stanton of that date is evidence of
this fact:
Executive Mansion,
Washington, JD. (J., February 21.18GS.
Sir: By virtue of the power and authority vested ■
in rne as President by the Constitution and laws of
tho United States, you arc hereby removed from
office as Secretary for the Department of War. and
your functions a* such will terminate upon receipt
of this communication.
You will transfer to Brevet Major General Lorenzo
Thomas, Adjutant General ot the Army, who has
this day been authorized and empowered to act as
Seorotary ot War ad interim, all records, books, pa-
pers, and other public property now in your custody
and charge.
Respectfully, yours, ANDREW JOHNSON.
Hon. Edwin M. Stanton, Wushhigton, D. 0.
This letter is an admission, not only that Mr.
Stanton was Secretary of War on the 21st of
February, 1808, but also that the suspension
of that officcr of the 12th of August, A. D.
1807, whether made under the tenure-of-office
act or not, was abrogated by the action of the
Senate of the 13th of January, I8G8; and that
then Mr. Stanton thereby was restored law-
fully to the office of Secretary for the Depart-
ment of War.
On the 21st day of February the Senate was
in session. There was then but one constitu-
tional way for the removal of Mr. Stanton ; a
nomination by the President to the Senate of
a successor, and his confirmation by that body.
The President attempted to remove Mr. Stan-
ton in a way not known to the Constitution,
and in violation thereof, by issuing the said
order for his removal. In the first of the arti-
cles it is set forth that this order was issued
''in violation of the Constitution aud of the
laws of the United States," and the President
is consequently guilty under this article ; we
have proved^a violation either of the Constitu-
tion or the laws. If we show that he has vio-
lated the Constitution of the United States,
we show also that he has violated his oath of
office, which' pledged him to support the Con-
stitution. Thus is the guilt of the President,
under the Constitution and upon admitted
facts, established beyond a reasonable doubt.
This view is sufficient to justify and require at
your hands a verdict ot guilty under the first
article, and this without any reterence to the
legislation of the country, and without refer-
ence to the constitutionality of the tenure-of-
office act or to the question whether the Sec-
retary of War is included within its provisions
or not. But 1 intend in the course of my ar-
gument to deal with all these questions of law,
and to apply the law as it shall appear to the
facts proved or admitted. To be sure, in my
judgment, the case presented b> the llouhe of
Representatives in the name of all the people
of the United States might safely be rested
here; but the cause of justice, the cause of
the country, requires us to expose ar d demon-
strate the guilt of the President in a.l the par-
ticulars set forth in the articles of impeach-
ment. We have no alternative but to proceed,
hi this connection I refer to a view presented
by the counsel for the President in his open-
ing argument. He iusists or suggests that
inasmuch as the letter to Stanton ot the 21st
of February did not, in fact, accomplish a
removal ot the Secretary, that therelure no
offense was committed. The technicalities of
the law have fallen into disrepute among the
people, and sometimes even m the courts.
The technicalities proper ol the law are the
rules developed by human experience, aud
justly denominated, as is the law itself, the
peilection of human reason. These rules,
wise though subtle, aid in the adininistiatiou
of justice in all tribunals where the laws are
judicially administered. But it often happens
that attorneys seek to confuse the mind  of
men and thwart the administration of justice
by the suggestion of nice distinctions which
have no foundation in reason aud iind no sup-
port in general principles of right.
The President cannot assume to exercise a
power as a power belonging to the office he
holds, there being no warrant in law for such
exercise, and then plead that he is not guilty
because the act undertaken was not fully ac-
complished. The President isas guilty incon-
templation of law as he would have been if
Mr. Stanton had submitted to his demand and
retired from, the oflice of Secretary for the De-
partment of War. Nothing more possible re-
mainedforthe Presidentexcepiaresorito force,
and what he did and what he contemplated
doing to obtain possession ot the office by force
will be considered hereafter.
If these views are correct, the President is
wholly without power, under and by virtue of
the Constitution, to suspend a public officer.
And most assuredly nothing is found in the
Constitution to su&tain the arrogant claim
which he now makes, that he may during a
session of the Senate suspend a public officer
indefinitely and make an appointment to the
vacancy thus created without asking the advice
and consent of the Senate either upon the sus-
pension or the appointment.
I pass now to the consideration of the third
clause of the second section of the second arti-
cle of the Constitution :
" The President shall have power to fill up all
vacancies that may happen during the recess of the
Senate, by gi anting commissions which shall expire
at the end of their next session."
The phrase, " may happen," construed ac-
cording to the proper aud wel -understood
meaning of the words when the Constitution
was framed, referred to those vacancies which
might occur independently of the will of the
Government—vacancies arising from death^
