1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2331
IN SENATE.
Saturday, April 25, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. J. W. Parker, D. D., of
Washington, District of Columbia.
impeachment of the president.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore called the
Senate to order, and at once vacated the chair
that it might be occupied by the Chief Justice.
The Seriate, sitting for the trial of the im-
peachment, having adjourned,
The President pro tempore resumed the chair
at four o'clock and twenty-nine minutes p. ra.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive'busi-
ness.
Several Senators. No ; let us adjourn.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, April 25, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m.
By unanimous consent the reading of the
Journal of yesterday was dispensed with.
gold sales by the treasury.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting, in
compliance with House resolution of the 18th
ultimo, statements of sales of gold, commis-
sions paid, &c., since March, 1861; which was
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
united states steamship sabine.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Navy, transmitting, in
answer to a resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives of 20th of April, in relation to the
detention of the United States steamship Sa-
bine at New London, Connecticut; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
impeachment op the president.
The SPEAKER. The hourof twelve o'clock
having arrived the House will now resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole, accord-
ing to order, and proceed to the bar of the
Senate, following the managers and preceded
by the chairman of the Committee of the Whole,
who will be attended by the Clerk and acting
Doorkeeper.
The House then resolved itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole, in obedience to the order,
and proceeded to the bar of the Senate.
At four o'clock and thirty minutes p. m. the
Committee of the Whole returned to the Hall,
and the Speaker having resumed the chair,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, made the
following report: The Committee of the Whole
have, according to order, attended the managers
to the bar of the Senate, sitting as a court of
impeachment forthe trial of Andrew Johnson ;
progress has been made in the trial, and the
Senate, sitting as a court of impeachment,
has adjourned until Monday next at twelve
o'clock m.
leave of absence.
Mr. Raum and Mr. Ames obtained indefinite
leave of absence.
And then, on motion of Mr. WASHBURNE,
of Illinois, (at four o'clock and thirty-two min-
utes p. m.) the House adjourned till Monday
next at twelve o'clock m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, April 27, 1808.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
impeachment of the president.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore called the
Senate to order, and at once vacated the chair
that it might be occupied by the Chief Justice.
The Senate sitting for the trial of the im-
peachment having adjourned,
The President pro tempore resumed the chair
at five minutes past four o'clock.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Prior to
putting that motion the Chair will receive a
message from the President of the United
States.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. William
G. Moore, his Secretary.
The PRESIDENT^pro tempore. It is moved
and seconded that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senate will
not adjourn until we see what the message is.
The other day  
Mr. CHANDLER. Debate on a motion to
adjourn is not in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no doubt the
Senate will allow me to say a word. The other
day a message came in, and we immediately
adjourned, and a number of Senators collected
around the desk looking at it. I think we had
better see what, the message is. I hope the
Senate will not adjourn until the message can
be examined.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is not debatable.
executive communications.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that the mes-
sage will now be read, if it is a legislative mes-
sage.
The PRESIDENT tempore. It is a legis-
lative message, and will be reported.
The Secretary read the message, as follows:
To the Senate and, House of Representatives :
I submit a report of the Secretary of State con-
cerning the naturalization treaty negotiated between
the United States and Nurtli ftcrinany.
ANDRHW JOHNSON.
Washington, D. C., April i~, 1868.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mes-
sage will be referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. SUMNER. It should be printed. Iask
that that document be printed.
The PRESlDENT^'o tempore. That order
will be entered, and it will be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. RAMSEY. Now, Mr. President, I
move an adjournment.
The PRESIDENT_pro tempore. There are
more legislative messages.
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well; I withdraw the
motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the following message from the
President of the United States :
To the Senate of the United States;
In compliance with the resolution of the Senate of
the 28th ultimo requesting information as to the
number and designations of military departments
formed since the 1st day of August, 1367, and as to
the statute or other authority under which they have
been established, I transmit a report from the Ad-
jutant General's office, showing the organization,
since that date, of the departinentof Alaska and the
military division of the Atlantic.
The orders issued by me upon this subject are m
accordance with long-established usage and hitherto
unquestioned authority. This will bo readily seen
from the accompanying report, which shows that,
employing the authority vested by the Constitution
in the President, as Commander-in-Chief of the
Army, it has been customary for my predecessors to
create such military divisions and departments as
from time to time they
Washington, D. C„ April 22,1808.
The message was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Aifairs and the Militia, and
ordered to be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore aiso^ laid
before the Senate a message ot the President :
of the United States, communicating, in com- !
pliance with a resolution of the Senate of the ■
14th instant, information in relation to any
application by any party fov^ exclusive privi-
leges in connection with hunting, trading, and
the fisheries in Alaska,; which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations, and
ordered to he printed.
He also laid before the Senate a commu-
nication from the President ot the United
States, in answer to'a resolution of the Senate
of the 5th of February last, calling for the
correspondence upon the subject of the mur-
der, by the inhabitants of the Island of For-
mosa, of the ship's company of the American
bark Rover, and transmitting a report from
the Secretary of State and a report from the
Secretary of the Navy, with accompanying pa-
pers; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations, and ordered to be printed,
Mr. RAMSEY. I now renew my motion
for an adjournment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, April 27, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. Jonathan Cable, of Tabor, Iowa.
The reading of the Journal of Saturday last
was, by unanimous consent, dispensed with.
light-house at tort austin, michigan.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting report
of the Light-House Board, relative to the
establishment of a light-house at Port Austin,
Michigan ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
government control of railroads.
Mr. ORTH, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Ilesolved, That the Committee on Roads and Canals
be instructed to inquire whether Congress has the
power under the Constitution to provide by law for
the regulation and control of railroads, especially
those extending through several States, so as to se-
cure : 1. The safety of passengers; 2. Uniform and
equitable rates of faie; 3. Uniform and equitable
charges lor freight ur transportation of property ; 4.
Pioper connection with each other as to transporta-
tion of passengers and freight; and, it in the opinion
of the committee Congress possesses such j>ower,
then to report a bill which will secure the foregoing
objects.
admission of arkansas.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1026) to admit the
State of Arkansas to representation in Con-
gress ; which was read a hrst and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion.
bridge oyer black river, ohio.
Mr. WELKER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (II. R. No. 1027) to authorize
the construction of a bridge over Black river,
in Loraine county, Ohio ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
soldiers' bounties.
Mr. NIBLACIv, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (II. R. No. 1028) extending
bounties to certain soldiers who were dis-
charged on account of disability incurred
while in the service of the United States; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Military Aifairs, and ordered
to be printed.
lincoln avenue.
Mr. FARNSWORTII, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No.
253) to chaugc the name of Four-aud-a-Half
street, in the city of Washington, to Lincoln
avenue ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
land giiaxts to arkansas and missouri.
Mr. ECKLKY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1029) to repeal a por-
tion of an act entitled "An act to revive and
extend the provisions of an act granting the
right of way and making a grant of land to the
States of Arkansas and Missouri to aid in the
construction of a railroad from a point upon
the Mississippi opposite the mouth of the Ohio
river, via Little Roclc, to the Texas boundary,
near Fulton, in Arkansas, with branches to
Fort Smith and the Mississippi river," approved
