1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOII.
and go home, then before six months go round
the last trace of republican governments in the
South will have ceased to exist, mid the Ku-
IClux-Klan, the rebel, slave-holding Demo-
cratic party, -will be ruling as they were in 1865.
Mr. WOODWARD. I beg leave to ask the
gentleman a question.
Mr. DEWEESE. Certainly.
Mr. WOODWARD. I beg to inquire
whether the reconstructed governments of the
South can be maintained ia any other way
than by the bayonet?
Mr. DEWEESE. They can, if you give us
arms to keep-down the rebels, and by no other
means. [Laughter.]
Mr. WOODWARD. Then, if I understand
the gentleman, the governments which this
Congress has been at such pains to recon-
struct in those States can only exist by virtue
of the bayonet.
Mr. DEWEESE. I will say to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania that his State has
arms; that his party in 1861 stole the arms
that belonged to the Government of the
United States to shoot their loyal neighbors'
sons. Those guns are still in the hands of the
slaveholding Democratic party.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I desire to ask
the gentleman frotn North Carolina whether
the militia of his State and all the arms in the
State are not under the control of the Gov-
ernor and Legislature of that State as now
constituted, and whether the Governor and
Legislature do not belong to his own party?
Mr. DEWEESE. We have no militia and
no militia law as yet.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Then it is your
own fault.
Mr. DEWEESE. Under the reign of the
Democratic party, from 18G1 to 1865, every
musket, every shot-gun, every old horse-pistol
was taken out of the hands of all men who
were in the least degree loyal and put into the
hands of southern sympathizers.
Air. GETZ. Will the gentleman allow me
a single remark?
Mr. DEWEESE. No, sir; I will not yield.
I say that the support which is given to this
proposition of adjournment on the Democratic
side of this House is for the purpose of carry-
ing out the Blair letter of the 3d of July, for
the purpose of stamping out the loyal State
governments of the South, and dispersing us
" carpet-baggers." Now, I say to them, come
on whenever you feel disposed to do so. Stretch
forth your traitorous hands and touch one fold
of the old flag, and the representatives of four
million men, who, although black in skin,
aie yet white and loyal in heart, will throw
themselves as a bulwark between you and these
loyal governments, and you will live only in
the sad memories of past events. Come on. I
tell you this, you men who live in northern
States, especially the gentleman from Illinois,
[ Mr. Washburnk, ] that you know nothing about
the condition of affairs among us. You know
nothing of the persecution that the loyal men
have to bear in the southern States. If the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] will
go with me and stay three weeks I promise
that he will come back one of the most radical
members in this Congress. [Laughter.] 1 will
tell him that down South they do not allow you
to stay in the Democratic party unless you steal
and rob, and I do not think he will do that.
With us Democracy means treason, crime,
bloodshed, and everything known to the crimi-
nal law.
Mr. GETZ. It does not mean that with us.
Mr. DEWEESE. I say to you this, that
if you expect these governments to be a suc-
cess you must, before you adjourn, do some-
thing to a&sist us. There is no danger in
putting arms in the hands of the loyal men of
the South.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman from
North Carolina allow me to inquire whether
these newly organized governments have had
any arms issued to them?
Mr. DEWEESE. Not a single solitary
pocket-pistol—not d'n arm. After the close
of the war, under military orders issued from
Washington city every old gun and every old
pistol was "gobbled up"—that is, every one
that could be found.
Mr. MAYNARD. When they are organ-
ized will they not be compelled to resort to
the Federal Government for arms?
Mr. DEWEESE. Certainly they will. We
have no arms, and we have no money with
which to buy them. If we had the money to
buy them we would not ask the Government
for them. There is no danger in putting arms
into the hands of loyal men.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. How many Government
troops are therein the gentleman's State now?
Mr. DEWEESE. I think about five hundred.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That is all in that State.
Mr. DEWEESE. Under the instructions of
the President of the United States since these
governments have been reconstructed these
troops have not been allowed to render us any
assistance. Some of the officers have refused
to turn over the offices to the newly elected
officers. They have also applied for assistance,
and were told that the officers had no authority
to in terfere. Our papers are full of proclamations
and notices of men in reference to murders of
loyal men. I say that if you want to sustain
these newly organized governments you must
give us assistance. We only want the arms
sent to the State capital, so our Governor
can have them to use in case this rebel Demo-
cratic party attempts another rebellion. We
do not wish them distributed and put in the
hands of the people. Only give us the guns
for use in case they are needed.
Mr. ROSS. Is there not danger that the
Republicans will lose the elections there unless
they get arms?
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish to resume the floor.
Mr. lvELLEY. Ts there not danger of the
Republicans losing their lives, white and black?
Mr. DEWEESE. Certainly there is if you
allow the Democratic party to get into power
again. The spirit that inaugurated the rebel-
lion is as rampant to-day atthe South as it was
in 1860. Crushed by the Federal Army, until
it became almost extinct, it has been gradually
resuscitated under the fostering care of An-
drew Johnson until it now stands defiant,
threatening to involve the country in another
war. The Democratic party of the North,
under the leadership of such men as the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Woodward,]
and the gentleman from New li ork, [Mr.
Brooks,] aided by their promises of help in
fomenting the rebellion, and now they hold
out to the defeated rebels the idea of obtaining
control of the Government. How do they
propose to do it? Why, by uprooting and
destroying the loyal State governments estab-
lished at the South under the reconstruction
acts of Congress. The plan has been deliber-
ately set forth by the Democratic candidate for
the Vice Presidency. All that is needed now
is the opportunity to execute it. The unre-
pentant traitors are preparing the way. The
Democrats of this House want to put the loyal
men of the South, white and black, in the same
position that the traitors placed the Federal
Government in 1860. When they are ready
tostrike usdown they wantto find us unarmed
and unprepared, so that we may bo the more
easily overpowered. That is the secret of
their opposition to the bill giving ns arms. Ko
j sane man in this House or elsewhere believes
! that any danger would come to the peace and
I good order of the community by putting arms
i into the hands of loyal men.
| My colleague [Mr. 15o\t>i:x] talks wildly
| about the people using the arms against each
! other, and implores you to keep them away.
I '! Do not,'' he exclaims, •' arm neighbor against
i neighbor.'' Sir, who proposes to " armneigh-
j bor against neighbor?" Certainly no man on
> this [Republican] side of the House. He knows
as well as T do, or at least he should know, that
in our State—and I presumeit is so in others—
the rebels are armed, while the Unionists are
practically defenseless. Does he propose that
this state of things shall remain? Does he
want the rebels to do all the shooting and
murdering, while the Union men submissively
exclaim in his language, "Great Godf we
cannot afford to fight each other?" This is
the only inference to be drawn from the gen-
tleman's position on this question. - The dis-
tribution of arms among the loyal men of the
South will insure peace instead of producing
bloodshed. When the rebels know that we
have not only the will -but the means to pro-
tect ourselves they will cease to harass and
murder us. If there is to be any violation of
the public peace it must come from them.
There are no elements of disorder in our ranks.
We want peace. But we cannot afford to leave
ourselves in the power of our enemies: The
rebels are as unscrupulous as they are treach-
erous. Those of us who know them best put
the least confidence in their promises. We
must have the means of securing good behavior
on their part, whether they are willing or not,
My colleague [Mr. Boyden] talks about
"irritating" these people. I think it is about
time, sir, that we ceased consulting these rebels^
They grow worse the more -we endeavor to
coax and plea.:e them. The only thing they
fear or respect is the mailed hand of power.
That is what created such a sudden overflow-
ing of love in their breasts for Andrew John-
son. He is no better now than when they ex-
pressed their supreme contempt for him by
calling him a " mean white." But now he sits
at the dazzling height of power, and th«se
rebels are the veriest sycophants at his foot-
stool.
Mr. Speaker, the loyal men of the South are
for peace. Those of you from the North were
glad to welcome it when the rebellion formally
closed. We of the South are still in the midst,
I may say, of the conflict. If we are allowed
to struggle on unaided, while our enemies and
the enemies of liberty are backed by the whole
power of the Administration, it requires no
prophet to predict the result. Those State
governments still feeble, and now menaced by
the Executive and his party, will go down.
The labors of those of us who have, as it were,
passed through the fiery ordeal for the purpose
of establishing those governments, will go for
nothing. We ourselves will eventually be forced
to leave the South and seek for more peaceful
homes,and all becauseyou will allow—
"Bloody treason to flourish o'er us,"
while you have the power to protect and save
us. The work of reconstruction perfected by
Congress in the admission of these States will
become the failure the Democrats and rebels
have hoped for ; and worse than all the vantage
ground gained from the common enemy, the
enemy ot' the Government, of human rights and
equal justice willbe surrendered and the Union
again imperiled. You owe it to yourselves,
not less than to those who have held aloft the
old flag in the South when it was worth a
man's hie to do so, that, these State govern-
ments shall be protected. We do not ask a
standing army. Give us the arms and we
will organize a militia force that will maintain
peace. That is what has saved Tennessee. It
is the only thing to save the Carolinas and the
other States recently admitted to representa-
tion in Congress from falling under the domi-
nation of the unrepentant rebels.
Mr. SCITENCK. This maybe considered
by some gentlemen as somewhat amusing, but
it is realty a serious matter. There is a Ivu-
Klux-Klan of rebels in the South. There is a
majority of those who support these govern-
ments lawfully established under the legisla-
tion of Congress, white and black, but they are
■ | unarmed, it is to this condition of things we
j are referred. To say, therefore, an unarmed
'i majority, a totally unarmed majority cannot sus-
i tain itself against an armed, vicious, excited,
I disloyal minority, is not an admission which
'j need occasion any amusement. _ In several ot
j the States of the Union the majority was con-
;i trolled bv having, as it were, the inside track.
!j Otherwise we would nofcbave hau the rebellion.
\\ Virginia was carried out by a rmnority? Ala-
