2332
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
April 2%
July 28, 1806; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands.
IMPEACHMENT OF THE PRESIDENT.
The SPEAKER. The houroftwelve o'clock
having arrived the House will now resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole, accord-
ing to order, and proceed to the bar of the
Senate, following the managers and preceded
by thechairraaiu of the Committee of the Whole,
who will be attended by the Clerk and acting
Doorkeeper.
The House then resolved itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole, in obedience to the order,
and proceeded to the bar of the Senate.
At four o'clock and five minutes p. m. the
Committee of the Whole returned to the Hall,
and the Speaker having resumed the chair,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, made the
following report: The Coinmitteeof the Whole
have, according to order, attended the managers
to the bar of the Senate, sitting as a court of
impeachment for the trial of Andrew John-
son ; progress has been made in the trial, and
the Senate, sitting as a court of impeach-
ment, has adjourned until to-morrow at twelve
o'clock m.
message from the president.
A message in writing from the President was
communicated to the House by Colonel Wil-
liam G. Moore, his Secretary.
naturalized citizen's.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before th • House the. following message from
the President:
To the Senate and House of Representatives : j
I transmit a report of the Secretary of State con- I
coming the naturalization treaty roccntly negotiated
between the United States and North (xermany.
A. JOHNSON.
Washington, April 27,1868.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois I move
that the message and accompanying report be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. HUBBARD, of
West Virginia, (at four o'clock and ten min-
utes p. m.,) the House adjourned.
such a tribute of his country's regard—and one
also to the children of those who have fallen
in their country's defense.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, kc., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. ELA : The petition of a committee
appointed by the town of Atkinson, New
Hampshire, to levy a tax upon Government
bonds, at a rate not to exceed one per cent,
semi-annually, to constitute a sinking fund for
the purchase of the public debt.
Also, the certificate of the town of Littleton,
New Hampshire, that the town, bya unanimous
vote, petition Congress to tax Government
bonds not exceeding one per cent, semi-an-
nually, and make the same a hen on the cou-
pons. to furnish a sinking fund to purchase the
debt of the United States.
By Mr. ELIOT: The petition of the Boston
and Providence Railroad Company, and the
Taunton Branch Railroad Company, praying
for remission of certain taxes.
By Mr. MULLINS: A memorial of J. D.
Whitney, J. W. Raymond, W. Ashburner, E.
S. Ilalden, G. W. Coulter, Alexander Dear-
ing, Galen Clark, and Henry W. Cieareton,
commissioners, &c., of the State of California,
of the Yosemite valley and Mariposa grove
of big trees, praying for relief, &c., by Con-
gress.
By Mr. ROBERTSON: The petition of W.
W. Davidson and others, asking Congress to
order a medal to bo struck in bronze to com-
memorate the preservation of the American
Republic, and that one of such medals, under
the direction of the War and Navy Depart-
ment, shall be presented to every officer, soldier,
sailor, and marine, who, by his service in the
war and an honorable discharge, has earned
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, April 28, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. John M. Buchanan, D. D.,
of Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
IMPEACHMENT OF TIIE PRESIDENT,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore called the
Senate to order, and at once vacated the chair
that it might be occupied by the Chief Justice.
The Senate, sitting for the trial of the im-
peachment, having adjourned,
The President^™ tempore resumed the chair
atfouro'clock and twenty-seven minutes p. m.,
when, on motion of Mr. CHANDLER, the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, April 28, 18C8.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The reading of the Journal of yesterday was,
by unanimous consent, dispensed with.
tax on distilled spirits.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the House of the
17th instant, a statement of the tax collected
on distilled spirits since the 1st day of January
last; which was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
constitution of sou I'll carolina.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House an attested copy
of the constitution of the State of South Caro-
lina; which was referred to llie Committee on
Reconstruction, and ordered to be printed.
admission of soutii carolina.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. 1030) to admit the
State of South Carolina to representation in
Congress; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Recon-
struction.
admission of noutii Carolina.
Mr. PAINE also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1031) to admit the
State of North Carolina to representation in
Congress ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Recon-
struction.
admission of louisiana.
Mr. PAINE also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1032) to admit
the State of Louisiana to representation in
Congress; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Recon-
struction.
The SPEAKER. None of these bills can be
brought back into the House by a motion to
reconsider.
sale of iron'-clads.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask unani-
mous consent to offer the following resolution :
Jle$olvcd, That the joint Committee on Retrench-
ment bo directed to inquire into the alleged fraudu-
lent sale, by the Navy department, of the iron-dads
Oneonta and Catawba to Alexander Swift & Co., and
report all the facts and eiruumbtaiioes connected
therewith to Congress.
Mr. BROOKS. Why the Committee on
Retrenchment?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Because
they are authorized to make examinations of
this character, and I suppose they can make
it with more facility than any other committee.
I do not care about having another committee
of investigation. This is a matter that ought
to be investigated.
Mr. BROOKS. Cannot it as well go to the
Committee on Commerce as to the Committee
on Retrenchment?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Com-
mittee on Commerce is not invested with any
power to investigate, and I do not desire it to
go to that committee.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not object to the
investigation.
The resolution was agreed to.
american interests.
Mr. PIKE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 254) for
the protection of American interests in the
Gulf of St. Lawrence ; which was rgad a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
THOMAS JI'LEAN.
Mr. ELDRIDGE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. II. No. 1033) for the re-
lief of Thomas McLean; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.
IMPEACHMENT 01? THE PRESIDENT.
The SPEAKER. The hour of twelve o'clock
having arrived the House will now resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole, accord-
ing to order, and proceed to the bar of the
Senate, following the managers and preceded
by the chairman of the Committee of the Whole,
who will bo attended by the Clerk and acting
Doorkeeper.
The House then resolved itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole, in obedience to the order,
and proceeded to the bar of the Senate.
At four o'clock and twenty five minutes p.
m. the Committee of the Whole returned to
the Hall, and the Speaker having resumed the
chair,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, made the
following report: The Committee of the Whole
have, according to order, attended the managers
to the bar of the Senate, sitting as a court of
impeachment for the trial of Andrew Johnson ;
progress has been made in the trial, and the
Senate, sitting as a court of impeachment, has
adjourned until to-morrow at twelve o'clock m.
Mr. VA.N IIORN, of New York. I move
that the House now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(atfouro'clock and twenty-seven minutes p. in.)
the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BENTON: The petition of Thomas
J. Sanborn and 28 others, in favor of an act to
establish a mail route from Plymouth to West
Campton, New Hampshire.
Also, the vote of the towns of Claremont,
Cbarlcstown. Lyme, and Littleton, New Hamp-
shire, 111 favor of taxing United States bonds.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of John
Bramiu, oC Brooklyn/ New York, praying the
passage of a law providing certain regulations
in the manufacture and sale of tobacco and
cigars.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts:
The petition of R. T. Bush and 7o0 others, man-
ufacturers and mechanics, against the exten-
sion of Howe's patent on sewing-machines.
By Mr. WELKER: The petition of' Sabina
Himbleman, widow of Julius Hi-mbleman, de-
ceased, company H, forty-sixth regiment New
York volunteers.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, April 29, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. R. Fuller, D. D,, of Balti-
more.
impeachment of the president.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore called the
Senate to order, and at once vacated the chair
that it might be occupied by the Chief Justice.
lhe Senate, sitting for the trial of the im-
peachment, having adjourned,
l.he President pro tempore resumed the
chair at four o'clock; when.
On motion of Mr. POMERQY, the Senate
adjourned.
