2334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
rcsen'ahve\ on the 24th of February, voted the im-
pcaenpn'iit of the President of the United States for
high ertmes and misdemeanors, and after the articles
or iiii i -a'-jimenfc were luld before the Senate March
m.,.an'I nl for the summons served upon the President,
March 7, some of the managers selected by the House
to demand the conviction and eviction of that Presi-
dent for these high crimes and misdemeanors signed
a letter laid before the accused counseling: or in-
fluencing him, while thus accused, to exert the war
powers given him under the act of August, 1836,
through the Navy, to seize the guano island, Alta
Vela, off the coast of St. Domingo, valued at over a
million dollars; and whereas such action upon the
part of our managers is, to say tlio least, extraordi-
nary and of a character to involve them in contro-
versy, if not in suspicion; and whereas it is of high
importance that the dignity and purity of this House
be maintained through the managers chosen from
among us, especially to represent us before the high
court, and there to accuse the President of these
high crimes and misdemeanors: Therefore,
Me it resolved. That the aforesaid manageis be
directed forthwith to appear before the House and
to explain to that llouse the causes or reasons which
induced some of them, pending a trial threatening
the deposition of the President, to sign such a letter
thus laid before that President.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is that
offered as a question of privilege?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman submits
it as a question of privilege.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does the
Chair hold that it is a question of privilege ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that the managers, representing the House of
Representatives as they do, must be under the
control of the House in regard to their action
at the bar of the Senate ; and he, therefore,
thinks it would be in the power of the House
at any time to require thetn to answer any
allegations touching their official relations to
the Senate or to tlio case.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the Chair
regards it as a question of privilege 
The SPEAKER. Such was the decision
upon an analogous question in the Warren
Hastings case.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As none
of the managers are now present, I presume
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
will not press the resolution at this time. If
he does I shall object to its consideration.
Mr. BROOKS. I certainlyain notdisposed
to press itnow, if the managers are not present.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Wasiiburne] objects to the con-
sideration of the resolution, and the question
will be whether the House will now consider it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
stand the gentleman from New York does not
propose to press the consideration of the reso-
lution now.
Mr. BROOKS. To what time does the
gentleman from Illinois propose the resolution
shall go over?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I make no
proposition myself at all. I have 110 control
over the question whatever. I presume the
gentleman from New York does not intend to
press a matter of this kind during the absence
of the managers, and when they are engaged
in the performance of the duties we have de-
volved upon them in the Senate.
Mr. BROOKS. I gave notice of the reso-
lution this morning, so that the managers might
hear what I contemplated doing. I made the
noticc a matter of record in order to bring it
to their special attention. I am surprised that
none of them are here after sucli a notice pub-
licly given.
I he SPEAKER. If the gentleman fiom
New York insists upon the consideration of
the resolution at the present lime, the Chair
will put the question to the House whether it
will or will not consider the resolution.
Mr. BROOKS. I must insist upon it. unless
some definite understanding can be had as to
when the resolution shall come up.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois.' Then I
object to the consideration of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois objects to the consideration of the reso-
lution, and, as this is a matter relating to the
priority of business, the question is, Will the
House consider the resolution now?
Mr. BROOKS. For information, I wish to
ask the gentleman fiom Illinois whether he
! will not suggest some time f(?r the considera-
! tion of the resolution?
! Mr. WASIIBURNE. of Illinois. I certainly
I cannot. I made the objection to the consid-
eration of the resolution now because the
managers are not here, being engaged in the
performance of the duties assigned them in
the other end of the Capitol.
Mr. BROOKS. Let mo ask the gentleman
from Illinois whether he does not think that
when such charges are afloat before the pub-
lic the managers ought to have an opportunity
to explain in person before the llouse their
action?
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, I object to
debate.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made,
debate is not in order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I raise a question of
order. The gentleman from Illinois, as I
understand, has objected to the consideration
of the resolution on the ground that the man-
agers are not present. 1 discover that one or
two of them are now in the House.
The SPEAKER. That is certainly not a
question of order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understood that to be
the ground of the gentleman's objection.
'The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Eliot] objects, as he has a
right to do, to debate; and 110 debate is in
order.
Mr. BROOKS. Then we are to understand
that this thing is to die here, and that the
managers will not appear and answer.
The SPEAKER. The question is, Will the
House now consider the resolution?
Mr. RANDALL. On that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 128, nays 52, not voting 10'J ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Beck, Ijoycr, Brooks, Cafy,
Eldridge, Fox, Uetz, Golladay, liolman, liotchkiss,
ltichard I). ILubljard, Johnson, Jones, Knott, Mar-
shall, MeCormick, Morgan. Niblack, Nicholson,
Phelps, ltandall,Kobinson, itoss, Stone, Taber, Van
Trump, and Woodward—^8.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Delos It. Ashley, James
51. Ashley,Banks, Blair, Buckland.Chmeltill, Header
W. Claike, Cobb, Co\ode, Cullom, Dawes. Dixon,
Dodge, Eggleston, IMn, Kliot, Ferris?, Ferry, Garheld,
(iriswold, llalsey, Harding, Ifigby, Hooper, Hopkins,
Hunter, ,Judd, Julian, Keilcy, Ketchani, George V.
Lawience, Lincoln, Maynaid, Miller, Mooic, M001-
hcad,Myers, O'Neill, Perham, Pike, Pile, Price,Kob-
ertson, Schenck, Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens,
Tatl'e, Burt Van Horn, Ward, bllthu IS. Washburne,
and ILenrvD. Washburn—52.
NOT VOTING—Messis. Ames, Anderson. Archer,
Ainell, Axtelt, Bailey, Baker, Baldwin, Barnes,Bar-
num, lieaman, Beauy, Benjamin, Benton, Bingham,
Blaine, Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall, Burr, Butler,
Cake, Chanier, Sidney Claike, Coburn.Cook, Cornell,
Donnelly, Dnggs, Uekley, Farnsworth, Fields, Fin-
ney, Glossbrenner, Gravely,Grover, llaight, Hawkins,
Hill, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester 1). iiubbard, Ilul-
Inird, Humphrey, Ingersoll, Jeucltes, Kelsey, Kerr,
Kitchen, Koontz, Lailin, William Lawrence, Loan,
Logan, Loughridgo, Lynch, Mallory, Marvin, Mc-
Carthy, McClurg, McCul lough, Mercur, MoneIl,Mor-
rissey. Mullins, Mungen, Newcomb, Nunn, Orth,
Paine, Peters, Plants, Poland, Polsley, l'onlerey,
Pruyn, Raum, Sawyer, SeoUcld, Selye, Shanks, Sliei-
labarger.Sitgreaves, Smith, Spalding, Thaddcus Ste-
vens, Stewart, Stokes, Taylor, Thomas. John Trim-
ble, Lawrence S. Trimble. Trowbridge, Twiehell,
Dpson, Van Acrnam, Van Auken, Hubert T. Van
Horn, Van Wyck, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams, Wil-
liam Williams, James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson,
Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, Wood, and Wood-
bridge—109.
The SPEAKER. On this question no
quorum has voted.
During the roll-call,
Mr. WASIIBURN, of Indiana, stated that
his colleague, Mr. Coburx, was detained at
his room by sickness.
The result of the vote was announced as
above recorded.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
,to inquire what condition this matter will be
in if the House now adjourns?
Mr. BROOKS. What becomesof my reso-
lution ?
Mr. ELD RIDGE. Did the Chair say that
the question before the House was whether
the House will now proceed to consider the
resolution ?
The SPEAKER. That is the question. No
quorum having voted, it will remain before
the House until disposed of, andnoother busi-
ness can be transacted except by unanimous
consent.
Mr. JONES. I rise to a question of privi-
lege.
The SPEAKER. There is one question
of privilege now before the Housef and there
cannot be two at the same time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest
to the gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
that he withdraw his resolution for the present.
It will be in the same position to-morrow as
it is to-day. He can offer it again when the
House shall return from the Senate Chamber
to-morrow. The managers will have full
notice by the offering of the resolution to-day,
and there will undoubtedly be a quorum here
at that time.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
New York adopts that suggestion, the Chair
will give notice this evening so that it will ap-
pear in the papers to-morrow, that this matter
will come up on the return of the House from
the Senate Chamber to-morrow.
Mr. BROOKS. I did not understand in
what condition the Chair decided the resolu-
tion to be.
The SPEAKER. It is in the condition of
unfinished business; but the Chair will state
to the gentleman from New York that if he
withdraws the resolution now, the gentleman
from Illinois desiring to take up public busi-
ness, the Chair will give notice to-night that
business will be transacted to-morrow, and that
this resolution will be offered which will prob-
ably bring a quorum here.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I did not desire to inter-
rupt the Speaker, but I understood the ques-
tion to be a different one from the one the Chair
decided that the House voted on. I supposed
that a question of privilege came before the
House unless the House determined otherwise,
and that the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Wasiiburxe] moved that it be not now con-
sidered. I supposed that to be the question
instead of whether the House would now con-
sider it.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
rule from page 71 of the Digest.
The Clerk read as follows :
"When any motion or proposition is made, the
Question ' Willthe House now consider it ?' shall not
be put, unless it is demanded by some member, or is
deemed necessary by the Speaker. And it is compe-
tent for a member to raise the question of considera-
tion upon a report, even though a question of privi-
lege is involved in the report. But after a question
has been stated and its ehseussion commenced it ia
too late to raise the question of consideration."
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Illi-
nois raised the question of consideration.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I thought the question
was different. I do not know but the ruling
of the Chair is correct. 0
Mr. BROOKS. Let me understand the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from Illinois. [Mr
Washburne.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My su-
I gestion is that the gentleman withdraw his res-
' olution now, as he will lose nothing by it. and
lie can offer it again to-morrow if he desires to
do so.
Mr. BROOKS. It may be impossible for
me to get the floor again to-morrow
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. I take it
that by unanimous consent, or b\ ^enen-.l un- '
derstanding, the gentleman can be'reco^nizi'd
to-morrow as lie was to-day. "
M Jt tlie gentleman from
New lork credits the statements of the Chair,
the Chair stated that m order that the public
business might not be interrupted now he
would g,ye notice this evening that on the re-
turn of the House from the Senate Chamber
to-morrow thegentleman from New York would
mtioduce the question of privilege on which no
ruwTf Il°teiT h' wiU t,le  be object to the
lules of the House, as it is to-duv.
Mr. BROOKS. With that understanding I
withdraw the resolution.
Mr. ELDRIDGE, Is the ptoposition of the
