TSB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 23,
rgady to take the vote I have nothing further
-to say.
Air. COQK. I yield two minutes to the
gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I desire to say,
in the first instance, that the interest of the
minority in the case was referred to the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Ciianler.] During
my absence he prepared a report, in which
I concurred, by which report he made the
majority of the contestant .78. On my return
I gave the case such examination as I had the
lime and health to give it, and arrived at
another conclusion, which is stated in what
purports to be an additional report. I make
it 67 majority for the contestant instead of 73.
From the understanding we have had about
the case I do not propose to make any argu-
ment, about it.
Mr.COOK. I think there were some material
errors made by my colleague on the committee
in taking the figures from the brief rather
than from personal examination. Votes were
counted twice, and 129 in his statement should
be 71.
The question firs', recurred on Mr. Kerr's
amendment, as follows:
Ileeolved, That John Hogan is duly olected a mem-
ber of this Houao from the iirst distriot of Alissouri.
Mr. KERR demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 32, nays 01. not voting
93 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Delos K, Ashley,
Beck, Boyer, Gary, Eldridgo. Getz, Glossbrenner,
Golladiiy. Grover, Ilaight, Hotchkiss, Johnson,
Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Knott, Mann, Marshall, Mc-
Cullough, Mungen, Niblack, Nicholson, Randall,
Ross, Sitgreaves, Stone, Tabor, Lawrence S. Trim-
ble, Van Auken, Van Trump, and Woodward—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Arncll, Baldwin, Banks,
Beatty, Benton, Blaokburn, Blair, Boles, Boutwell,
Bowen, Brooiuall, Buckloy, Benjamin F. Butler,
Roderick H.Butler, Cake, Callis, Churchill, Roader
W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Oook, Oo-
vode, Oullom, Dawes, Deweese, Dixon. Driggs, Kla,
Eliot, Fanisworth, Ferriss, Fields, Garfield, Halsey,
Hamilton, Ilaugncy, Hawkins, lleaton, lligby.
Hinds. Hopkins, Hunter, Kelloy, Kelsey, Koontz,
Dash, William Lawrence, Loan, Logan, Jjoughridge,
Mallory, Maynard, McClurg, McKee, Miller, Moore,
Mullins, Myers. Nunn, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham,
Peters, Pierce, Plants, Poland, Polsley, Itaum, Saw-
yer, bcbenck, iSco field, Shanks,Smith,Starkweather,
Aaron 1-'. Stovens, Sypher, Taffo, Taylor, Thomas,
Twichell.Van Aernain, Burt Van Horn, Van Wyi'k,
William B. Washburn, Whitteinore, James F. Wil-
son, John T.Wilson, and Windom—91.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames. Anderson, James
M. Ashley, Axtell, Bailey, Baker, Barnes, Barnum,
Beatnan, Benjamin, Bingham, Blaine, Boydeu,
liromwcll, Brooks, Buckland, Burr, Chanler, Cor-
nell, Delano, Dockery, Dodge, Donnelly, Ecklcy,
Eggieston, Ferry, Ifinnoy, Fox, French, Goss, Gravely,
Griswold, Harding, Hill, liolman, Hooper, Asahei
W. Hubbard, ChesterD. Hubbard, Richard D. Hub-
bard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Ingcrsoll, Jeuckes, Alex-
ander 11. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kellogg, Kctcham,
Kitchen, Laflin,George V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Lynch,
Marvin, McCarthy, McUormick, Mercur, Moorhead,
Morrell, Morrissey, Newcomb, Newshain, Norris,
Phelps, Piko, Pile, Pomeroy, Price, Pruyn, Robeu-
son, Robinson,Roots.Selye, Shellabarger, Spalding,
'JChaddeus Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, John Trimble,
Trowbridge, Upson, Robert T. Van Horn, Vidal,
Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elih a B. Wash-
burne, Henry D. Washburn, Welker, Thomas Wil-
liams, William Williams, Stephen S. Wilson, Wood,
and Woodbridge—93.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
During theroll-cail,
Mr. BOYDEN said: I ask to be excused
from voting on this question. I know nothing
about the case.
By unanimous consent the gentleman was
excused.
The result having been announced as above
the question recurred on the adoption of the res-
olution reported by the committee, as follows:
Resolved, That William A. Pile is duly elected a
member of this House from the first district of the
State of Missouri.
Mr. KERR. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The roll was partially called, when
Mr. KERR asked to withdraw the call for
the yeas and nays.
No objection being made the call was accord-
ingly withdrawn.
The resolution was then agreed to.
Mr. COOK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table. .
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAY OF A CONTESTANT.
Mr. COOK, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, reported the following resolution, and
demanded the previous question thereon:
Resolved, That the sum of $2,500 be paid to John
Hogan out of the contingent fund of the. House, in
full for his mileage and expenses incurred in contest-
ing the seat of William A. Pile from the first district
of Missouri.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. COOK moved to reconsider the vote by
which tho resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
01VDKK OP BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. By order of the House
yesterday the contested-election cases must
both be disposed of before proceeding to the
consideration of business on the Speaker's
table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. At my
suggestion yesterday the House agreed to take
up bills from the Speaker's table immediately
after the election cases should be disposed of.
We were a long time in getting at them to-day.
It is now four o'clock, and the Utah election
ease remains to be disposed of. I hope, there-
fore, by unanimous consent, it will be agreed
that we shall go to business on the Speaker's
table to-morrow immediately after the reading
of the Journal, or to-day after the remaining
election case is disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The first question after
the reading of the Journal will be the motion
to reconsider the vote by which the amend-
ments to the concurrent resolution in relation
to adjournment were adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Immedi-
ately, then, after that is disposed of.
Mr. BROOKS. Many members have gone
away upon the presumption that the unani-
mous order of tho House was to be followed.
What is the understanding now ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The order
of the House was that the Missouri and Utah
contested-election cases were to he disposed
of, and then that the House should proceed to
business on the Speaker's table, but we shall
not reach that business before theadjournment
to-day. I propose therefore to dispose of tho
remaining election case this afternoon, and
then to-morrow morning, immediately after dis-
posing of the pending motion to reconsider
the vote on the concurrent resolution in regard
to adjournment, to proceed to business on the
Speaker's table.
Mr. SPALDING. Bettor take it up now.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Wecannot
take it up now.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object. Let ns
have an evening session and get through with
the business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We have
two days to do that in.
EVENING SESSION TO-NIGIIT.
Mr. SCHENUK. I rise to a privileged
motion. I move that an evening session be
ordered for to-night at half-past seven o'clock.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. In order
to avoid a night session. I will move that the
House take a recess tiii ten minutes before
twelve o'clock to-morrow. We can get at the
Speaker's table then.
The SPEAKER. The effect of that will
probably be to throw over the motion to recon-
sider the vote on the resolution in regard to
adjournment till Saturday. The House might
take a recess till ten o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
know why my colleague desires a night session.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Because all the time
will be required to dispose of the business be-
fore the House.
Mr. PAINE. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular, order is the
motion to take a recess till half past seven
o'clock this evening.
'f'he question being put; there were—ayes
50, noes Go.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for tellers.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Now I
hope my colleague will withdraw his objection,
and that we shall agree to go to the business
on the Speaker's table to-morrow.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw it.
Mr. PAINE. I renew it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move, then, that we may
take a recess until ten o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That will
cut off action on the motion to reconsider the
vole on adjournment.
The SPEAKER. No; because the House
can then adjourn and meet again at twelve
o'clock. _,„T ,,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, I
will agree to that, although I should prefer
eleven o'clock.
Mr. SCIIENCK. Oh, no; give us two hours.
The question was taken on Mr. Schexck's
motion, and it was agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD. When is the recess to
begin ?
The SPEAKER. Whenever the House sees
fit to take a recess this afternoon.
LEAVE OF AliSIiNCK.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Mux-
OKV on account of feeble health, caused by a
sun-stroke.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Upson
on account of ill-health.
FUNDING TIIE NATIONAL DEBT.
Mr. DAWES obtained the floor.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I ask unanimous consent
that a conference be asked on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses ou the funding bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Would a
motion to recede from our amendments be in
order?
The SPEAKER. That would have priority.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
make that motion.
Mr. DAWES. Then I must resume the floor,
for that will cause delay, and the understand-
ing was that the Utah contested-election case
should be disposed of to-day.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
withdraw my motion in order that the gentle-
man from Ohio may ask for a committee of
conference.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I ask that a conference
he requested on the disagreeing votes.
Mr. PIKE. 1 object.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gor-
ium, its Secretary, informed the 'House that
the Senate had passed a bill (S. No. 174) for
the relief of Mrs. _ Mary Wilson, of the State
ol Indiana, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
The message further announced that the
Senate had disagreed to the amendments of
the House to the amendments of the Senate to
House bill No. 511, making appropriations for
the service of the Columbia Institution for the
Instruction of the Deaf and Dumb, and estab-
lishing additional regulations for the govern-
ment of the institution, aud for other purposes;
and asked a committee of conference thereon,
and had appointed Mr. Mohkhx of Maine,
Mr.. 1 ATTBRSON of New Hampshire, and Mr.
McDonald of Arkansas, as the conferees on
the part ot the Senate.
COLUMBIA DEAF AND DUMB INSTITUTION.
The SPEAKER. The Senate has sent a
message informing the House that it has dis-
agreed to the amendmentsof the House to the
amendments of the Senate to House bill No.
oil, making appropriations for the service of
the Columbia Institution for the Instruction of
le Deaf and Dumb, &c., aud ask for a com mit-
teeot conference on the disagreeing votes of the
