1310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
under the impression, as I have stated before,
that he was doing what was considered to be
the best for the Government, carrying out what
he had reason to believe was the peaceful
policy of the President of the United States.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Maryland has just made a most re-
markable assertion, namely, that Mr. Seward
conducted the War Department 
Mr. JOHNSON. Without your knowledge,
I mean, in some particulars.
Mr. CAMERON. I do not think he did,
with or without my knowledge; and I think I
have sufficient manliness to know that if I had
caught him at it he would not have committed
an act of interference with me more than once.
That Mr. Seward did meddle outside and talk
a great deal about what he did I dare say may
have been the case; and he may have said
very often to the Senator from Maryland
things which probably were not exactly correct.
That I know nothing about. If he told him
what the Senator has just stated he certainly
said what was not true. I say this openly
here, and of course he will hear it.
Now, as to Mr. Harvey ; 1 know he was not
employed by the Administration. He may
have been employed by Mr. Seward in his
policy of ending the war in sixty days. 1 never
believed that by temporizing or flattering or
coaxing the rebels you could make peace. I
believed then, as circumstances have since
proved, that the only way to end the war was
to treat them with the most perfect rigor.
As to what the Secretary of State may have
done with the Navy Department I know not,
but I do not believe he had anything to do
with the management of Mr. Welles' Depart-
ment.
Now, sir, I think the better way to settle
this business about Mr. Harvey is to pass a
resolution asking Mr. Seward if he did author-
ize Mr. Harvey to give that information to the
Governor of South Carolina at that time. 1
think that will settle the question.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 should like to ask the
Senator from Pennsylvania a question, with
his permission, whether the information com-
municated with regard to the views of the
Cabinet was correct ?
Mr. CAMERON. That I am not able to
state justnow, because the policy was changed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I understand so ; but
was the information as communicated by Mr.
Harvey true as to the state of the opinion of
the Cabinet at any time ?
Mr. GRIMES. Air. Harvey denies having
communicated it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am not particular
about that; but the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia recollects having seen the dispatch, and
now I want to know the material thing, whether
that dispatch correctly represented the opinion
of the Cabinet?
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania is not willing just now to give an opin-
ion on that subject.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will ask the question
of the Senator from Pennsylvania, and he
can do precisely as he likes about answering it,
inasmuch as he has given a part of the conver-
sation between him and the President upon
this question. He stated that he took ^ that
dispatch to the President, and the President
expressed some surprise about it. Now, in ad-
dition to that, I want to know of the Senator,
who was a member of the Cabinet, whether
that dispatch did not truly represent the judg-
ment arrived at by the Cabinet?
Mr. CAMERON. I have already said that
the policy of the Cabinet in regard to that
matter was changed; at a certain time it was
one policy, and at another time another; so
that 1 cannot answer the Senator's question ;
nor do I think I would do so it I could. It is
a Cabinet secret which it is not my business
now to communicate.
Mr. JOHNSON. It was very far from my
purpose to do injustice to him who was Secre-
tary of War at that time; and under no cir-
cumstance would I do anything like injustice
knowingly to the honorable member fromPenn-
sylvania. I did not mean to say, and I do not
think 1 said, that the War Department was
carried on without the knowledge of the then
Secretary of War. I am sure it was not, and
I am equally certain that every time lie found
the Secretary of State, or any other member
of the Cabinet, if there was any other who
was interfering with the proper province of his
Department, he rebuked it as it deserved.
What I intended to say was that a great many
things were done through the Secretary ^ of
State which properly belonged to the War
Department, without the knowledge, at the
time they were done, of the head of that De-
partment.
PETITIONS AND ME5IORIALS.
The PRESIDENT jiro tempore presented
resolutions adopted at a meeting of the Union
League of Greenville, Hudson county, New
Jersey, approving the action of the Senate in
restoring Secretary Stanton to bis position iu
the War Department, and the conduct of Gen-
eral Grant in his prompt withdrawal from the
position of Secretary of War adiftterinij which
were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a memorial of
late officers of the armies of the United States,
protesting against the passage of the bill pro-
hibiting the payment of the difference between
eleven and sixteen dollars per month in the
pay of ofiieers' servants from May 1, 1804, to
March 3, 18G5; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. SIJMNER presented two memorials of
late officers of the armies of the United States,
protesting against the'passage of the bill pro
hibiting the payment of the difference between
eleven and sixteen dollars per month in the
pay of officers' servants from May 1, 18G4, to
March 8, 18C5; which were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of Maria
Schweitzer, praying to be allowed a pension -}
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. SUMNER. I also offer the petition of
the colored people of the Commonwealth of
Kentucky, assembled in convention, and who
now address Congress through their delegates—
the petition being signed by W. F. Butler, as
president, and R. G. W. James, as recording
secretary—in which they petition Congress to
grant to them the right of suffrage. They set
forth that in Kentucky they are not permitted
to testify in the courts of the Commonwealth
against white persons, and that inconsequence
many persons who commit murder, rape, arson,
and all manner of outrages upon the coloted
race are permitted to go unpunished. They
then further represent that inasmuch as the
Constitution of the United States has abol-
ished slavery everywhere within the jurisdic-
tion thereof, so that all conditions, laws, or
regulations growing out of the same are null
and void; and inasmuch as the same Constitu-
tion, in another provision,declares that no State
shall make or enforce any laws which shall
abridge the privileges and immunities of citi-
zens of the United States ; and inasmuch as
Congress is empowered, by appropriate legis-
lation. to enforce these several provisions,
which they believe cannot be done without
securing the elective franchise to the citizens
of color, on that account they ask the action
of Congress. They fuilher ask Congress to
declare practically the principles of the Decla-
ration of Independence, which promise the
eouality of all men, and also to carry out the
guarantee of a republicau form of government,
which is one of the epeei.il provisions of the
Constitution of the United States. They ask
that Congress shall, by virtue of these various
powers, proceed to enact laws, or if, in their
judgment, it be better, to amend the Consti-
tution so as to secure to every citizen in Ken-
tucky who may have, been a slave or is the
descendant of a slave, or by reason of race or
color is deprived of equal rights, the liberty to
vote at all elections for members of Congress,
for presidential electors, for representatives in
the State Legislature, and for ail State, city,
town, and other officers of every kind, and
upon the same terms and considerations as
white citizens of the State are now or may
hereafter be allowed to vote.
In presenting this petition I desire to say
that, for one, I have never seen any argument
or any answer meeting these points, i know
there have been various attempts sometimes;
I do not know that any has ever been made in
this Chamber, but there have been various
attempts somewhere to meet the arguments of
these colored people. I am glad to say that I
believe their arguments cannot be answered,
and that under the Constitution of the United
States they are entitled to have their prayer
granted by Congress. I move the reference of
their petition to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I present the memorial
of William \V. Wood and John L. Lay, stating
that they are the inventors of the improved
torpedo and apparatus for applying and explod-
ing the same, by which the rebel rata Albe-
marle was destroyed. 1 know one of these
memorialists. I know him to be a man of
merit. 1 move that the memorial be referred
to the Committee on Navai Affairs, and 1 ven-
ture to express the hope that it will have, as I
know it will have, an attentive hearing.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I present the petition of
a number of officers of the schooner Arago,
employed by the Coast Survey, praying to be
reimbursed for losses of pert>onal property,
caused by the sinking of the schooner Arago
in the river Neuse, on the coast of North Car-
olina, while they were m the discharge of their
official duties. It is an ordinary case of loss
by the perils of navigation. They set out spe-
cifically the relief they are praying tor, and the
property that was lost. They s.y that aiike loss
in the naval service would be promptly com-
pensated by a general law, and the same privi-
leges ought to be extended to the Coast Survey.
As this relates to matters of commerce, I move
that the petition be referred to the Committee
on Commerce, with a view to have some legis-
lation on the subject.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the petition of
Clinton G. Stees, praying that he may be re-
imbursed for expenses incurred iu recruiting
two volunteer regiments under the President's
proclamation, during the late rebellion ; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. DOOL11TLE presented a petition of
J. W. Medberrj, prujmg compensation for
properly taken from linn by officers of the
Jmted States Government on or aoout the 1st
of January, 18oj; which v.as referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. MORGAN pieseuied the memorial of
marine insurance companies, steamship com-
panies, and others, prating a removal of the
obstructions which impeue the navigation of
the East river approach to New York harbor
at Hurl Gate ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. SPRAGUE presented the petition of
Lieutenant Henry A. Harriett, of the Mariue
corps, praying to be reimbursed lor losses sus-
tained by him by the wreck of the United
States steamer Sacramento in June last; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
_ Mr. CAMERON presented three petitions of
citizens of Philadelphia, publishers of weekly
j newspapers in the county of Philadelphia,
I Pennsylvania, praying relief from unequal
taxation in the rates of postage on weekly
newspapers; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
RETORTS of COJiUlVTEKS.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
