1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I will^ admit that it was after the war had
ostensibly, and to a great extent really no
doubt led to an accumulation and a diversity
of business in the State Department, which
required or was argued to requiie additional
help, that a Second Assistant Secretary was
supplied ; and now, when looking to the future,
that exigency has gone, why is it, I inquire,
that we ought to have two Assistant Secretaries
of State?
The incumbent is an excellent man, says one
Senator, and another agrees with him. I have
no doubt of it. If he is so excellent that he
ought to be the Assistant Secretary, the under-
chief of the Department, that argument might
be interesting to the gentleman who now holds
that place, for it might make this proposed in-
cumbent formidable as a competitor, should
a change be proposed. But is it logical to say
that because a particular man who does not
occupy an office would make an excellent in-
cumbent for that office, therefore you should
create a mate to it, t,o the end that he may
occupy an office the/ao simile of the one to
which you say he belongs, but which he does
not happen to possess? Mr. Hunter is a good
man, 1 have no doubt; I have heard always
that he was in his way, and 1 have no belief to
the contrary ; but if Mr. Hunter is desirable
in the State Department, not as an Under-
Secretary, but in a place subordinate to that,
then, according to practice, the actual experi-
ment and the actual proof of the question, he
belongs in the position of ehief clerk of the
Department, with pay appropriate to that
place and appropriate to him.
Is there anything more to be said about it?
Not, [ submit, unless the argument is sound
thai whenever you cannot put a man in the
place which you think he would adorn you are
to create another place as near like that as you
can make it in order that you may put him, if
not on the same pedestal, on an equal footing.
Two other suggestions are made. One is as
to Mr. B. Peshine Smith, who, my friend from
Connecticut truly suggested, was once the
reporter of our State, a good lawyer, a man
ol high respectability, and of unusual ability
and attainment. Mr. E. Peshine Smith holds
the place of examiner of claims in the State
Department, and from this circumstance is
derived again an argument personal to Mr.
Smith, that he ought to be continued. Mr.
President, I presume that X am not the only
member of this body who knows that Mr. E.
Peshine Smith, with or without this appropri-
ation bill, with or without this amendment,
does not intend and is not to be induced to
hold hereafter this plaec. I doubt if he holds
it now; but I have no information which will
enable me to say that technically and formally
his connection with it is severed ; but it is
matter of notoriety that Mr. Smith is to have
charge of a daily journal in the State of New
York, of which, I think, he has charge now.
Therefore we may as well lay out of the ease
whatever there is personal to Mr. Smith, or
whatever cogency there is in the fact that a
man so good as Mr. Smith in the past held
this place.
If the State Department hereafter requires
an officer, in addition to the staff of that De-
partment, to examine accounts or claims, that
fact will no doubt appear instantaneously with
the exigency, and then we can act upon it; but
the theory now is that we are to continue it
because Mr. Smith, an excellent man, is there.
This is the argument, in effect, made by the
Senator from Massachusetts, who introduced
prominently the fact that Mr. E. Peshine
Smith was there; and then by way of aiding
arid abetting him, my ingenious friend, [Mr.
Dixox,] who is always sagacious and on the
alert, interjected as a make-weight that this
might be the reporter of the State of New
Yoik, with a view to magnify the force of this
suggestion ; and in that the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts, gracefully and apparently
without any reluctance consented that this was
the Mr. Smith.
Mr. DIXON. I think my friend is entirely
mistaken. I have heard of Mr. Smith fre-
quently, but never of this identical Mr. Smith.
1 never said that he was the reporter. Some-
body else must have said it.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg pardon of the Sen-
ator from Connecticut. I am so accustomed
to hearing timely and sagacious suggestions
from him that hearing a "still small voice "
in this neighborhood on this occasion making
that ingenious allusion, I took it for granted
that it must proceed from the sagacious leader
of the party to which my friend belongs. I
have long admired the dexterity with which,
"in season and out of season," he put in
make-weights like that. I do not know of any
gentleman who excels him in that; and when
1 heard this, it sounded to me so like him that
I took it for granted that it came from the
political inventor from Connecticut. [Laugh-
ter.] However, I acquit the Senator of the
authorship of the suggestion ; but it came from
somebody in his neighborhood ; it came from
an adjoining town to the Senator, precisely
from which one in his neighborhood I do not
know.
Now, Mr. President, to drop this matter of
the .examiner of claims, the information I had
as a member of the committee, and that I have
gathered from various sources was and is that
this officer in the State Department is not a
necessity looking to the future, and that the
necessity which justified it in the past is dimin-
ishing so rapidly that it would be an im-
provident thing to appropriate for it in the
future.
Now, we come to the remaining one of this
trio, the Superintendent of Statistics. I recol-
lect when the Monitor engaged the Merriinac
down in Hampton Roads, hearing some naval
gentleman discoursing and describing, with
great volume and zeal, the action, and talking
about iron-clads. He said there never was
such an invention; it was the prettiest thing
and the handiest thing that ever was ; and,
said he, every family ought to have one. Now,
I do not know but that every family ought to
have a bureau of statistics and somebody to
superintend it. [Laughter.] The Senator from
Maine [Mr. Feshendek] does not think so.
He is not accustomed to thinking things which
will not stand the test of reason and argument;
and when I heard him say—I believe I am
right in addressing this to him ; I think I can
fasten it on him—when I heard him say that the
Bureau of Statistics ought to be consolidated,
ought to have some local habitation and name
somewhere in some one place, I felt very sure
that I was right in thinking that, too. I had
thought about it several times and had con-
cluded that that would be an excellent sugges-
tion and a practical one. There is such a place
in the Treasury Department, and it seems to
be one of those instances again in which the
office and the incumbency of the office present
some sort of repugnance or dissatisfaction.
There is in the estimation of some Senators a
Rian in the place who ought not to be there;
but who the man is outside that ought to be
there, I do not know, and it is not important ,
I should; I shall be permitted to vote lor his 1
confirmation, following other Senators, when
his name comes here, if he is appointed by the
President, as I believe he is to be.
But there in that Department is a Bureau of
Statistics, and there it should not be in this '|
bureau, or clerkship, as the Senator from i|
Massachusetts called it, if statistics are to be !;
perpetuated in the State Department. The ]
two things are repugnant: as we say some- |
times in court, they cannot both be true, and |
one or the other ought to be overset. The i
House of Representatives, in looking at this, j
very likely found out something about the |
facts. The facts in general terms are these: j
The person who holds this office is one with i
whom I have long had an acquaintance; I
knew him more than twenty years ago, and I j
have seen him from time to time ever since, :
and certainly I have no wish if the facts would ,
warrant me in doing it, to criticise him iu any
respect.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. It. No.
1059) to relieve certain citizens of North Caro-
lina of disabilities.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a joint resolution (H. It. No. 800J
to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to
remit the duties on certain articles contributed
to the National Association of American Sharp-
shooters, in which the concurrrnce of the Sen-
ate was requested.
enrolled bilx,s signed.
The message also announced that the Speak-
er of the House had signed the following en-
rolled bills and jointresolutions; and they were
thereupon signed by the President pro tempore
of the Senate:
A joint resolution (IT. II. No. 266) to author-
ize the enlargement of the Hygeia Hotel, at
Fortress Monroe, Virginia ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 262) author-
izing certain distilled spirits to the Surgeon
General for the use of the Army hospitals ;
A bill (H. It. No. 659) granting a pension
to Sarah E. Pickell;
A bill (II. R. No. 516) for the relief of the
widow and minor children of Benjamin B.
Naylor, late a pilot on the gunboat Patapsco;
A bill (II. It. No. 454) granting a pension to
John Kelley;
A bill (H. It. No. 521) grantingapension ta
Austin M. Partridge ;
A bill (II. H. No. 526) increasing the pen-
sion of Susan A. Mitchell;
A bill (IT. It. No. 520) to place the name of
Josephine K. Bugher on the pension-roll;
A bill (H. It. No. 519) granting a pension to
Eliza J. ltennard, widow of William K. Ren-
nard, deceased, late a private in tenth Ohio
volunteers of war of 1861 ;
A bill (H. It. No. 517) granting a pension to
Cornelia JK. Schmidt, widow of Adam Schmidt,
late a private in company A, thirty-seventh
Ohio volunteers;
A bill (H. It. No. 280) granting a pension to
Margaret Huston ;
A bill (H. It. No. 258) for the relief of Mary
B. Craig ;
A bill (H. R. No. 257) for the relief of
James L. Dickerson;
A bill (H. It. No. 246) granting a pension
to Milton Anderson;
A bill (II. R. No. 152) for the relief of the
widow and children of Henry E. Morse ;
A bill (H. It. No. 665) granting a pension to
Susan V. Berg ;
A bill (EL It. No. 667) granting a pension
to Mary Graham;
A bill (II. R. No. 608) granting a pension
to Elizabeth Butler, widow of Cyrus Butler ;
A bill (H. it. No. 769) granting a pension
to David Howe;
A bill (H. R. No. 772) granting a pension
to Robert McCrory;
A bill (H. R. No. 774) granting a pension
to Amos Whitam;
A bill (H. It. No. 776) granting a pension
to Zephauiah Knapp, of Luzerne county, Penn-
sylvania ;
A bill (H. R. No. 823) granting a pension
to George W. Lochor;
A bill (H. It. No. 824) granting a pension
to Annie Vaughn:
A bill (II. It. No. 82G) granting a pension
to Michael Mellon ;
A bill (II. It. No. 827) granting a pension
to Ann Wilson ;
A bill (H. R. No. 828) for the relief of
Captain William McKean;
A bill (H. R. No. 829) granting a pension
to Mrs. Susan Ten Eyck Williamson; and
A bill (H. R. No. 455) granting a pension
to David Van Nordstrand.
