1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Washburne] to
do business without a quorum ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know;
that depends on the House itself.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It is shown that there is
no quorum present.
Mr. MAYNARD. Inasmuch as the Journal
demonstrates that there is no quorum present,
can we do any business ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
by the withdrawal of the resolution of the gen-
tleman from New York the proceedings on it
have virtually fallen, and, therefore, the House
can proceed to other business, although a sin-
gle member can object by demanding a divis-
ion if there is 110 quorum present. But there
might possibly be a quorum present now.
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I report
back from the Committee on Appropriations
the amendments of the Senate to the naval
appropriation bill. I ask the House to con-
sider them now, as they will take but a short
time.
Mr. ROBINSON. I object. The gentle-
man objected the other day to the considera-
tion of the privileged question which I pre-
sented.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Com-
mittee on Appropriations has the right to re-
port at any time. So the gentleman's objection
does not avail.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Ap-
propriations is authorized to report at any
time.
Mr. ROBINSON. I raise the same point
that the gentleman raised on me the other day.
I object to the consideration of the subject.
Mr. ROSS. I move that the House now
adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Before that
question is put, I desire to withdraw the report.
Mr. ROBINSON. Although it was ungen-
erous in the gentleman to object the other day
to the consideration of my resolution I with-
draw my objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman fioni New York [Mr. Robinson] hav-
ing withdrawn his objection, I trust'my col-
league [Mr. Ross] will withdraw his motion
to adjourn, and permit this matter to be acted
on now.
Mr. RANDALL. Oh, no ; I object to trans-
acting business without a quorum.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, as
there is no quorum present, I will notpress the
matter.
The motion of Mr. Ross was agreed to; and
the House (at four o'clock and fifty minutes
p. m.) adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ELA: The petition of Captain James
Davidson, for pension a3 a captain, onto be
allowed to retire on the same allowance ex-
pended on those at the Military Asylum. Cap-
tain Davidson has been forty-five years in the
service; twenty-eight as ordnance sergeant,
and while so acting was commissioned as cap-
tain, to take command of all State troops sent
to Port Constitution by arrangement with Sec-
retary of War, and subsequently authoiized to
raise a company, and while acting in this
capacity was disabled in the line of his duty.
Also, the petition of George W. Nesmuth
and others, for a pension for Prescott Y. How-
land, who was accidentally wounded while
target shooting.
By Mr. JULIAN: The petition of 151 citi-
zens of Grant county, Indiana, praying Con-
gress to postpone the sale of the Osage Indian
lands in the State of Kansas.
Also, a memorial of Hon. Robert A. Hill,
judge of the United States district court of
Mississippi, and others, praying an increase
of compensation for the clerk of said court.
By "Mr. MOORIIEAD: The petition from
citizens of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, praying for
the creation of a new post office in said city.
By Mr. MYERS: The petition of Mary A.
Perkins, widow of John Perkins, deceased,
late company C, seventy-first Pennsylvania
volunteers, for arrears of pension.
By Mr. PAINE: The petition of Jacob
Levit, of Milwaukee, for an additional bounty
of fifty dollars.
IN SENATE.
Friday, May 1, 1808.
Prayer by Rev. Waiiren Randolph, D. D.,
of Philadelphia.
impeachment of the president.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore called the
Senate to order, and at once vacated the chair
that it might be occupied by the Chief Justice.
The Senate, sitting for the trial of the
impeachment, having adjourned,
The President^?™ tempore resumed the chair
at four o'clock and five minutes, when,
On motion of Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN, the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, May 1, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
By unanimous consent the reading of the
Journal of yesterday was dispensed with.
notice of business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] gave notice yesterday
afternoon that he would offer a resolution to-
day on the return of the House from the Sen
ate Chamber. Business will, therefore, be
transacted this afternoon, and gentlemen who
desire to refer bills will postpone such mat-
ters until that time.
impeachment of the president.
The SPEAKER. The hour of twelve o'clock
having arrived, the House will now resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole, accord-
ing to order, and proceed to the bar of the
Senate, following the managers and preceded
by the chairman of the Committee of the Whole,
who will be attended by the Clerk and acting
Doorkeeper.
The House then resolved itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole, in obedience to the order,
and proceeded to the bar of the Senate.
At four o'clock and ten minutes p. m. the
Committee of the Whole returned to the Hall,
and the Speaker having resumed the chair,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, made the
following report: The Committee of the Whole
have, according to order, attended the man-
agers to the bar of the Senate, sitting as a court
of impeachment for the trial of Andrew John-
son ; progress has been made in the trial, and
the Senate, sitting as a court of impeach-
ment, has adjourned until to-morrow at twelve
o'clock m.
leave of absence.
Leave of absence was granted for two weeks
to Mr. W ilson, of Ohio, and for an indefinite
time to Mr. Van Horn, of Missouri.
smithsonian institution.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the j
Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institu- j
tion, asking an appropriation to aid in the re- !
pairs of the Smithsonian building, &c.; which, i
on motion of Mr. Garfield, was referred to !
the Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
whisky seizures.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting a state-
ment of the quantity of whisky seized in New
York and Brooklyn, &c., in compliance with
the resolution of the House of the fith of Jan-
uary; which was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
natal appropriation bill.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] gave notice of his inten-
tion to offer to-day the resolution whieh he
offered yesterday, and on which no quorum
voted. The gentleman from New York is not
now in his seat.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from New York is not here, andl desire
to call the attention of the House for a few
moments to the amendments of the Senate to
the naval appropriation bill. I hope the House
will agree to consider them.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I withdraw the motion
to adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, tlren, by
unanimous consent, from the Committee on
Appropriations, reported back the amendments
of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 601) mak-
ing appropriations for the naval service for the
year ending June 30, 1869.
First amendment ■
On pago 1, line five, strike out the words " million
of " and insert in lieu thereof the word " million."
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Lines five and six strikeout the words "required
by existing law " and insert in lieu thereof the word
" necessary."
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Third amendment:
Strike out the proviso commencing: on line six and
ending on line thirteen, as follows:
Provided, That all moneys now under the control
or subject to the order of the Secretary of the Navy,
whether arising irom appropriations or from sales of
public property or otherwise, which shall bo unex-
pended on the 1st day of July, 1868, shall be covered
the into Treasury; so that no amount hereby appro-
priated shall be expended or drawn while any other
unexpended moneys shall be subject to tho order of
the Secretary of the Navy.
The committeerecommend non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
In lino sixteen, before the word "tools," insert
" labor in navy-yards;" so that it will read :
For preservation of wood and iron vessels and
ships in ordinary, and for those that are on stocks,
vessels for the Naval Academy, for purchase of ma-
terial and stoies of all kinds, labor in navy->ards,
tools, transportation of material, repair of vessels,
&c.
The committee recommend concurrence.
Mr. CHANLER. I desire to make an in-
quiry for information in regard to the use of
tools in navy-yards. Is there any restriction
in this bill upon converting the laborers in
navy-yards into political tools?
The SPEAKER. That is not embraced in
this amendment. The two Houses have con-
curred in regard to the word "tools."
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
On page 2, line nine, strike out tho word "tools"
and insert "tolls."
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
In line nine, pago 2, after the word "ferriages"
insert "for coal and other fuel."
The committee recommend concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
On page 3, line ten, after tho word "necessary"
insert "repairs of."
The committee recommend concurrence.
. The amendment was concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
On pages 3 and 4 strike out the following proviso:
Provided, That the civil engineer and naval store-
keeper at the several navy-yards, and that all per-
sons employed at the several navy-yards, and super-
intendents of mechanical departments heretofore
known as master mechanics, master carpenters,
master joiners, master blacksmiths, master boiler-
makers, master sailmakers, master p turn bar.-, mas-
