THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 23,
•was reputed to be, a near connection and
emplby6 or partner in business of Daniel H.
Wells, the lieutenant general and third pres-
ident of the Mormons. The other one of these
two, then, was or had been a policeman of
Salt Lake City. These two men assured an
aged resident of Coalville the day preceding
the murder that they came there "to kill Pot-
ter, Wilson, and Walker," who was wounded
but made his escape at the time. The old man,
■who was himself a Mormon, begged that he
might not be required to testify in the case, as
his own murder would be the certain conse-
quence, and he was excused accordingly, as
some others were for the same x-eason. Some
of those, however, who were examined, un-
doubtedly caviled under the same fearful appre-
hertsion. It is a significant fact that Avza Hink-
ley, One of the murderers thus permitted to
escape, has since been appointed probate judge
in the county in which the murder was com-
mitted.
John Walker, one of the intended victims,
and an important witness on the primary hear-
ing of the case, was severely wounded at the
time Potter and Wilson fell, but escaped and
made his way to the hospital at Camp Douglas,
near Salt Lake City, where he remained till
liis recovery. After his discharge from the
hospital at the camp, painfully impressed with
liis peril, and to divert his pursuers, he de-
clared his intention to visit Malad City, Idaho,
He actually went, however, to the house of an
old and prominent Mormon, his former em-
ployer, a few miles from Salt Lake City,
whither he was followed by several of the
murderous baud who had before attempted to
take his life. These men were cautioned to
leave by Walker's protector. Both he and
Walker, however, were warned to quit the Ter-
ritory, and threatened with death as the con-
sequence of delay or refusal. They certainly
started to do so; reliable information, how-
ever, impels the belief that John Walker was
finally murdered in the West mountains, some
twenty miles from Salt Lake City, and that his
attempted protector is now a fugitive from
Mormon vengeance in Nevada or California.
Every witness for the prosecution of these
murderers, without any known exception, it is
submitted, was threatened with death, and
subjected to a system of intimidation diaboli-
cal in its heartless cunning. Most of them
tied from the Territory. These facts were
made known to the United States judge of the
district and his protection asked. With the
best intentions, however, he was as powerless
to protect the innocent as he was to punish the
guilty, and so he as well as other Federal offi-
cers there must remain until the national
Government shall sternly unmask and punish
murder and polygamy, and disarm the fanatical
despotism which now deals even unto death and
ruinous spoliation with the lives, liberties, and
property of the people of Utah. It may here
be again mentioned, even at the expense of
repetition, that Dr. J. Iving Robinson perished
in consequence of his attempt to assert a legal
right in the usual and proper way in the courts
of Utah.
The moral or legal force of the cases thus
presented by this contestant, it is submitted, is
in no manner weakened by the statements of
the four " men of character and position, resi-
dents of the said Territory Utah, and not
Members of the Mormon chuich," and " of
forty-one other citizens, not Mormons, who
are the leading merchants, bankers, and busi-
ness men of Salt Lake City." The Governor
of Utah refused to sign that paper when pre-
sented to him, and the most prominent man
whose name appears appended to it has since
declared that he never did or intended to sign
any such declaration as that ascribed to him
in the ''statement of the sitting Delegate,"
now on tile with the House Committee of
Elections. Nowhere else are the arrogance of
power and abject submission in such humili-
ating contrast as they now are in Utah. And
without fear of error or of successful contradic-
tion it may be said that every man who has
signed the paper copied into the statement of
the sitting delegate has recently confessed it
in the fullest possible manner. They are not
the men to run the hazard of refusal in such
a case. Experience shows that such declara-
tions are easily obtained in Utah, even with the
most lamentable disregard of truth and de-
cency. And the sitting Delegate could have
presented no more humiliating illustration of
the despotism he claims to represent on this
floor than the declaration in question.
The murder of Brassfield has already been
referred to. That outrage was preceded and
followed by the most brutal denunciations of
all Gentiles by the Mormon leaders and ex-
positors, then actually, or about to be, in ses-
sion of their semi-annual conference in Salt
Lake City. The military commander of that
department cautioned Brigham Young by tele-
gram against any more such assassinations.
That priestly arbiter of men's lives and for-
tunes in Utah demanded of the Gentiles thus
threatened and abused, over the dead body of
their murdered brother Brassfield, a statement,
for answer to the military telegram, that
"human life and property" were then "as
secure in Utah as in any part of the United
States." And the men who responded to that
demand and signed the statement of that day
were, with perhaps a single exception, to be
noticed further 011 as the same who subscribe
the declaration copied into the statement of the
sitting Delegate now on tile with the House
Committee of Elections.
About the same time a number of residents
of Salt Lake City offered a reward for the
apprehension of the murderer of Brassfield.
This was eminently proper in itself. It roused
the ire of the Mormon leaders, however ; and
some of the sitting Delegate's chosen forty-
five, who had joined in this oiler of reward,
after a series of abusive threats for this inter-
ference with the rights of Mormon murder from
the saintly leaders in the tabernacle and
through their papers, the Daily Telegraph and
Deseret News, humbly denied having anything
to do with that offer of reward. Somewhat
later in the same year nearly all the Gentile
merchants in Salt Lake City, suffering from
the abuse and threats of the Mormon leaders,
and thereby deprived of the trade of the masses,
combined in a written offer to sell out all their
property, interests, and effects to their traducers
and quit the Territory. This offer was fair,
and fairly as well as courteously made. It
angered the Mormon leaders, however, who
increased the vehemence of their abuse. And
many of those timid merchants retracted, in a
written apology, the offer thus made to sell
their effects. It is an instructive coincidence
that those who did this are the leading mer-
chants, bankers, and business men of Salt
Lake City, whosubscribethedeelaration copied
into the statement of the sitting Delegate on
file in the presenL case.
Reference was made to one exception from
the subscribers to the statement made at the
time of Brassfield's death. That exception
was S. P. iMcCurdy, described by the sitting
Delegate as " late associate and now chief jus-
tice of Utah."(?) 'The judge was then terror-
stricken by the Mormon threats and abuse of
himself 011 account of his judgment upon a writ
of habeas corpus, consigning the children of
Mrs. Brassfield to herself and her husband,
subsequently murdered. Such ivas then the
judge's apprehension of threatened personal
violence that he telegraphed for military pro-
tection. And the judge's dispatch, 011 tile,
doubtless, in the War Department, shows an
estimate 011 that occasion of personal safety in
Utah very different from what it was when he
signed the declaration for the sitting Delegate
to be used in the present case. The value of
the judge's attestation may be further and
finally illustrated by his call 011 Dr. William-
son, after leaving this city, with a request that
the doctor would not permit his wife, Mrs.
Sarah E. Carmichael Williamson, to depose
concerning the Mormon endowment for the
use of this contestant in the present case.
Many similar illustrations might be given, but
these are sufficient; it is submitted to show
the peril as well as the fear of conflict with
Mormon prejudice in Utah.
This contestant claims no more than a lay-
man's share of legal knowledge. He ventures,
however, with becoming deference, but cer-
tainly not without confidence, to submit to this
House, and especially to its professional mem-
bers, as sound law, this proposition: that no
man in a case like this is bound to exercise
more than ordinary diligence, or to encounter
more than ordinary risk in the assertion of
either a legal or political right.
The law does not require a party to sacrifice
his own life or the lives of bis friends, or to
run the hazard of a forlorn hope in the ser-
vice of notice or in the preparation of his case.
Where there is extraordinary peril he may
wait until those who wield the public forces
shall give him adequate protection.
This House will perceive that notice of any
one of several, much more of all, of the con-
testant's exceptions would have exposed him
to imminent danger had he remained in Utah
after giving it. Such is his fourth exception
(Mis. Doc. No. 35, page 1,) which reads as
follows:
"Your oath, taken in passing through the endow-
ment ocremony of tho Mormon church, is incompat-
ible with your duties as a Dclegato in the Congress
of tho United States/'
This denial, though addressed directly to the
sitting Delegate, is indirectly an appeal touch-
ing the whole Mormon fraternity. Like all
attempts to invade the penetralia of any secret
society or system, it would have roused their
direst vengeance. So it was with the Aelu-
sinian and bacchanalian mysteries of ancient,
and so it has been with all secret organizations
of modern, times. Over all such adjurated
pledgesj as well as along the avenues and por-
tals leading to and from them, may be seen in
letters of flaming menace the terrible admoni-
tion, which Dante saw before one of the pre-
cincts of Hell: "Leave hope behind all ye
who enter here! " There, and all rouud there,
it is holy ground, which no uninitiated or recre-
ant eye or foot may penetrate or enter—the
penalty is death.
And the House, it is submitted, will not visit
on this contestant, in the present case, the pen-
alty of failure for his omission to include such
exceptions in the original notice of February
23, 1867, while he was compelled to remain in
Utah. The contestant, however, asks and sub-
mits that the House will receive the second
amended and supplementary notice of Jan-
uary 18, 1868, (page 1 of Miscellaneous Docu-
ments, No. 35,) as supplying all possible omis-
sions, and constituting full, valid, and complete
notice in the case.
The decided cases, as the contestant is in-
structed, sustain him in this. The case of Wil-
liams vs. Sickels (Bartlett, page 288,) decided
by this House in 1860, determines that the law
of 1851 is not absolutely binding on the
House, but a wholesome rule which may be
departed from for good cause, and further time
be granted to plead those that law prescribes.
Later, in 1862, (Bartlett, 381,) this House also
determined that where the grounds of excep-
tion were not specified in the petition or notice
in writing, it may be done orally, for good
cause, even after the time allowed by law.
Also, that amendments are in the discretion
of the House, in election cases, as they are in
a court of law, regarding the pleadings. (Kline
vs. Verree. See also the case of Kneass, 2
i aison s Select Cases, page 509 ; 1 Baldwin's
Reports, 193, and Baily vs. Musgrove, 2 Ser-
geant & Rawle, 219.) Upon principle and pre-
cedent, as well as from the necessity of the
case, this contestant, therefore, asks with def-
erence, but with confidence, that the House
7£/ecTeT his two notices of February 23,
18o7, and January 18, 1868, as one complete
and sufficient notice, constituting an adequate
pleading and valid presentation of th e case.
t i is aware that his counsel.
Judge Waite, in his printed arguraeut, page
