278
SUPPLEMENT TO
stitutional term. Any one can understand that
in case of vacancy in the office of President
and Vice President, and in case of a new elec-
tion by the people, that it would be desirable
to make the election for the remainder of the
term. But the act of 1792 recognizes the im-
possibility of this course in the section which
provides that the term of four years for which a
President and Vice President shall be elected
(that is, 111 case of a new election, as stated,)
shall in all cases commence on the 4th day of
March next succeeding the day on which the
votes of the electors shall have been given.
It is thus seen that by an election to fill a
vacancy the Government would be so fat-
changed in its practical working that the sub-
sequent elections of President, except by an
amendment to the Constitution, could never
again occur in the years divisible by four, as at
present, and might not answer to the election
of members to the House of Representatives,
for the presidential elections might occur in
the years not divisible by two. The Congress
of 1792 acted upon the constitutional doctrine
that the presidential term is four years and
cannot be changed by law.
On the 21st ot February, 18G8, while the
Senate of the United States was in session, Mr.
Johnson, in violation of the law—which, as we
have already seen, is in strict harmony in this
particular with the Constitution and with the
practice ofevery Administration under the Con-
sttlution from the beginning of the Govern-
ment—issued an order for the removal of Mr.
Stanton from his otlice as Secretary for the
Department of War. If, however, it be claimed
that the proviso does not apply to the Secretary
of War, then he does not come within the only
exception made in the statute to the general
provision in tlu  body of the lirst seel ion already
quoted; and Mr. Stanton, having been ap-
pointed to office originally by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, could only
be removed by the nomination and appoint-
ment ot' a successor by and with the advice
ami consent of the Senate. Hence, upon either
theory, it is plain that the President, violated the
teniu'o-of'-omce act in the order which he issued
on the 21st of February, A. I). 18(18, for the
removal of Mr. Stanton from the ollice of Sec-
retary for the Department of War, the Senate
of the United Stales being then m session.
In support of the view i have presented I
refer to the oflieial record of the amendments
made to the first section of the tenure-of'-ollice
act. On the 18th of January, 1807, the bill
passed the Senate, and the first hcctiou thereof
was in these words :
" That every person (excepting the Secretaries of
State, of the Treasury, of AV.ti, of tin; Xavy, and of
the Interior, the Postmaster GoihthI, and the At-
torney General] holding any civil ollice to which he
lias been appointed by and with the advice and con-
sent of tho Senate, and every person who shall here-
after be appointed to any such office, and shall be-
come duly qualified to act therein, is, anil shall bo,
entitled to hold such office until ;i successor shall
have been in like, manner appointed inul dulyquuli-
iicd, except as herein otherwise provided."
On the 2d of February the House passed
the bill with an amendment striking our, the
words included in brackets. This action shows
thatitwas the purpose of the House to include
heads of Departments in the body of the bill,
and subject them to its provisions as civil
officers, who were to hold their places by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, and
subject, during the session of the Senate, to
removal by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate only; but subject to suspension
under the second section during a recess of
the Senate as other civil officers, by virtue of
the words at tho close of the section, " except
as herein otherwise provided." At the time
the bill was pending between the two Houses
there was no proviso to the first section, and
the phrase !iexcept as otherwise herein pro-
vided" related necessarily to the second and
to the subsequent sections of the bill. On the
6th of February the Senate refused to agiec
to the House amendment, and by the action
of the two Houses the bill was referred to a
committee of conference. The conference
committee agreed to strike out the words in
brackets agreeably to a vote of the House, but
as a recognition of the opinion of the Senate
the proviso was inserted which modified in
substance the effect of the words stricken out,
under the lead of the House, only in this, that
the Cabinet officers referred to in the body of
the section as it passed the House were to hold
their offices as they would have held them if
the House amendment had been agreed to
without condition, with this exception: that
they were to retire from their offices in one
month after the end of the term of the Presi-
dent by whom they might have been appointed
to office. The object and effect of this quali-
fication of the provision for which the House
contended was to avoid fastening, by opera-
tion of law, upon an incoming President the
Cabinet of his predecessor, with no means of
relieving himself from them unless the Senate
of the U nited States was disposed to concur in
their removal.
In short, they were to retire by operation of
law at the end of one month after the expira-
tion oftheterm of the President by whom they
had been appointed; and in this particular their
tenure of office was distinguished by the pro-
viso from the tenure by which other civil offi-
cers mentioned in the body of the section were
to hold their offices, and their tenure of office
is distinguished in no other particular.
The counsel who opened the cause for the
President was pleased to read from the Globe
the remarks made by Mr. Sohenck in the
House of Representatives, when the report of
the conference eommittec was under discussion.
But he read only a portion of the remarks of
thatgentleman, and connected with them obser-
vations of his own, by which he may have led
tho Senate into the error that Mr. Sciiexck
entertained the opinion as to the effect of the
proviso which is now urged by the respondent;
but, so far from this being the case, the state-
ment made by Mr. Sciiexck to the House is
exactly in accordance with the doctrine now
maintained by the Managers on the part of the
House of Representatives. After Mr. Sciieuck
had made the remarks quoted by the counsel
for flic respondent, Mr. Le Blond, of Ohio, rose
and said:
"I would like to inquire of the gentleman who has
charge ot this report whether it becomes necessary
tlmt tho Senate shall concur in all appointments of
executive officers, and that none of tlicm can be re-
moved alter appointment without the concurrence
of Llie Senate? "
Mr. Sciiexck says, in reply :
" That is the case; but their terms of oflice is lim-
ited, (.is they are not now limited by law,) so that
they expire with tho term of service of the President
who appoints them, and one month after, in case of
death or other accident, until others can be substi-
tuted for them by the incoming President.''
Mr. Le Blond, continuing, said:
"I understand, then, this to be the effect of the
report of the committee of conference : in the event
ot the Piesulent imding hitnsclt with a Cabinet offi-
cer who docs not agreo with him, and whom be
desires to remove, he cannot do so, and have a Cabi-
net in keeping with his own views, unless the Senate
shall concur."
To this Mr. Suiienx-k replies:
] "The gentleman certainly does not need that in-
I formation from mc, as this subject has been iulty
debated in this House."
Mr. Le Blond said, finally:
"Then I hope the House will not agree to the
: report of the committee of conference."
I This debate in the House shows that there
: was there and then 110 difference of opinion
between Mr. Sohcxce, who represented the
I friends of the bill, and Mr. Le Blond, who
represented the opponents of the bill, that its
! effect was to confirm the Secretaries who were
then in office in their places until one month
; after the expiration of Mr. Lincoln's term of
oflice, to wit, the 4th day of March, 18GU, un-
| less, upon the nomination of successors, they
should be removed by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate. Nor does the language
used by the honorable Senator from Ohio, who
! reported the result of the conference to the
Senate, justify the inference which has been
drawn from it by the counsel for the respond-
<! ent. The ehargo made by tho honorable Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, which the honorable
Senator from Ohio was refuting, seems to have
been, in substance, that the first section of the
bill and the proviso to the first section of the
bill had been framed with special reference to
Mr. Johnson, as President, and to the existing
condition of affairs. In response to this the
honorable Senator from Ohio said:
" I say that the Senate have not legislated with a
view to any persons or any President, and therefore
he commences by asserting what is not true. Wecfo
not legislate in ordertokeepin the Secretary of War,
the Secretary of the Navy, or the Secretary of State."
It will be observed that this language does
not indicate the opinion of the honorable Sen-
ator as to the effect of the bill ; but it is only
a declaration that the object of the legislation
was not that which had been intimated or al-
leged by the honorable Senator from Wiscon-
sin. This view of the remarks of the honor-
able Senator from Ohio is confirmed by what
he afterward said in reply to the suggestion
that members of the Cabinet would hold their
places against the wishes of the President,
when he declares that undersueh circumstances
he, as a Senator, would consent to their re-
moval at any time, showing most clearly that
he did not entertain the idea that under the
tenure-of-office act it would be in the power of
the President to remove a Cabinet officer with-
out the advice and consent of the Senate. And
we all agree that in ordinary times, and under
ordinary circumstances, it would not only be
just and proper for a Cabinet officer to tender
his resignation at once, upon the suggestion
of the President that it would be acceptable,
but wo also agree that it would be the height
of personal and official indecorum if he were
to hesitate for a moment as to his duty in that
particular. But the justification of Mr. Stan-
ton, and his claim to the gratitude and enco-
miums of his countrymen, is, that when the
nation was imperiled by the usurpations of a
criminally-minded Chief Magistrate, he as-
serted his constitutional and legal rights to the
oflice of Secretary for the Department of War,
and thus by his devotion to principle, and at
great personal sacrifices, he has done more
than any other man since the close of the re-
bellion to protect the interests and maintain
the rights of the people of the country.
But the strength of the view we entertain
of the meaning and scope of the tcnure-of-
oflice act is nowhere more satisfactorily dem-
onstrated than in the inconsistencies of the
argument which has been presented by the
learned counsel for the respondent in support
of the President's positions. He says, speak-
ing of the first section of the act regulating the
tenure of certain civil offices:
" Here is a section, then, the body of which applies
to all civil officers, as well to those then in office as
to those who should thereafter bo appointed. The
body of ibis section containsadcelaration thatevery
such officer 'is.' that is, if he is now in office, and
'shall be,' that is, if he shall hereafter be appointed
to office, entitled to hold until a successor is appointed
and qualified in his place. That is the body of tho
section."
This language of the eminent counsel is not
only an admission, but it is a declaration that
the Secretary for the Department of War, be-
ing a civil officer, as is elsewhere admitted in
the argument of the counsel for the respondent,
is included in and covered and controlled by
the language of the body of this section. It
is a further admission that in the absence of the
proviso the power of the President over the
Secretary for the Department of War would
correspond exactly to his power over any other
civil officer, which would be merely the power
to nominate a successor whose confirmation
by the Senate, and appointment, would work
the removal of the person in office. When the
counsel for the respondent, proceeding in his
argument, enters upon an examination of the
proviso, he maintains that the language of that
proviso does not include the Secretary for the
Department of War. If he is not included in
the language of the proviso, then upon the ad-
mission of the counsel he is included in the-
body of the bill, so that for the purposes of
this investigation and trial it is wholly imma-
