3360
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June -22,
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The PRESIDENT -pro tempore. House bill
No. 605 is before the Senate, and the Senator
from New York is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, if every
Senator has counted those pension bills he
will be in a condition, I hope, to receive the
remaining suggestion which I was going to
make in reference to the superintendent of
statistics in the State Department. The Sen-
ator from Nevada, [Mr. Nye,] I think, has,
as i have, an old-time acquaintance with the
incumbent of this place, and I inquired of that
Senator a moment since if he knew how long
it was since this gentleman had been within
the District of Columbia, or in the city of
Washington, and he mentioned an occasion
two years ago on which he knew of his being
here, and mentioned some other information
which had been given him in regard to him,
as to where he usually was, which, if he deems
it worth while, he can state to the Senate.
Ho did not state to me particularly what it
was. I was unable to remember any occasion
so recent as that when I had known of the
presence of the incumbent of this place at the
seat of Government. I have known of his
being elsewhere. I do not mean "elsewhere"
in the sense in which that word has been
employed sometimes in Congress. [Laugh-
ter.] But I have known of his being at a
distance from the capital, and therefore I ven-
tured to inquire of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts in what orbit, geographically or
astronomically, this official moved when he
performed his functions. I think it very clear
that he does not discharge the duties of this
office in Washington, nor is lie, in the language
of accredited envoys, ''near the Government
of Washington" in any sense, diplomatic or
otherwise. On the contrary, I think the fact
is that he is habitually at least six hundred
miles, as the mails and the people usually go,
from the place at which this office is attributed
to him.
Mr. President, when we consider that we
have a Bureau of Statistics in the Treasury
Department, and when we consider the state
of this Bureau of Statistics, if bureau it be, when
we consider its somewhat peripatetic character,
it seems to me very hard to conclude that the
Committee on Appropriations was called upon
to say that a considerable sum of money, the
amount necessary to pay the salaries of the
chief officer and of an assistant, one clerk of
the third class, should at this time be appropri-
ated from the Treasury.
I now come, Mr. President, toapoint at which
I am admonished to stop, lest I make some sug-
gestion in respect to economy or retrenchment.
I think, if I go further, I may say something
which will be on the confines of that question,
and that "gives me pause." Without ventur-
ing a suggestion of that kind, without intimat-
ing that the Treasury is not bubbling over with
money, and without doubting that we are bound
"diligently to inquire and true presentment
make" of every place where we think a little
more money might advantageously or comfort-
ably be used, it occurs to me that this particular
point is one of the least tenable of all those I
have heard recently suggested upon which we
could manage to get rid of a small sum. On
the contrary, I think, without any time to
reflect, I could suggest a great many ways in
which this money could be thrown away in a
manner more justifiable and more plausible
than this.
Upon the whole, then, Mr. President, and
having the fear of the Senator from Massachu-
setts all the time before my eyes, and with the
trepidation and self-examination which arises
from that fact, I think that, having agreed to
this report as a member of the committee, I
shall put the best face on it and stand up here
boldly and vote (if we are allowed to vote upon
these provisions relative to the State Depart-
ment) that a Secretary of State, an Assistant
Secretary of State, and a chief clerk, a proper
man suitably paid, are enough to squeeze
through and take the chances for the time being
of conducting the foreign relations of the Gov-
ernment ; and when it shall turn out that it is
necessary to have a lawyer in Mr. Smith's
place, if they can get a good one, and there is
really use for him, I shall then follow the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts in voting fortheappro-
priation which may be necessary ; and when
we are not able to take a sufficient account of
stock in the State Department, without having
aBureau of Statistics there, oraBureau ofSta-
tistics floating somewhere else in space on the
spinning disc of some planet or other, ifit is not
there, then I shall follow the Senator from
Massachusetts in voting for that, too ; but as I
stand with the chairman of the committee near
mo and looking at me occasionally, T hardly see
how I can retreat from agreeing to this report;
and upon the whole, with all the courage I have,
I shall stand up and vote when my name is
called to try the experiment once of reducing
a little the expenditures of the State Depart-
ment.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, the Senator
from New York [Mr. Coxkung] spoke of the
luxury of listening to the debates of this body
when led by the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Sumner] and the Senalor from Maine,
[Mr. Fessexden.] It is always a luxury to
me to listen to the Senator from New York;
and seldom have I ever enjoyed a greater array
of illustration or a more boundless profusion
of vocabulary than that Senator has to-day
indulged in. He began by telling us what an
ancient soothsayer had said, though I do not
know who that soothsayer was.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg the Senator's par-
don. The soothsayer to whom I referred was
born and died on the 23d of April, and that day
was not a very distant day, looking hack by
centuries. I did not say that he was an ancient
soothsayer by any means.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator referred to a
soothsayer : and he illustrated his argument, as
he nearly always does, with historical illustra-
tions. Then he spoke of what Mr. Burke had
said, and gave us his definition of patriotism or
loyalty, i supposed he was going to give us
Dr. Johnson's definition, too.
Mr. CONKLING. That was "the last
refuge of a scoundrel," you know.
Mr. DIXON. I supposed the Senator was
going to give us that, too. Then he made
other allusions, and finally the Senator charged
me with having interfered with this debate,
and informed the Senate who Mr. Smith was.
When I heard that charge, I supposed of course
I must be mistaken, but I had no recollection
of it. 1 have known many gentlemen of that
name ; but who this particular individual is I
cannot say.
But the Senator attacked me with his usual
severity—it would have been severe but for his
good nature—because T had ventured to inti-
mate to the Senate that, I thought there was a
better place, a more seemly and more becom-
ing place, for economy, here in this body, than
to deprive the President of the United States
of two or three clerks. I found in the bill a
provision that the President should be stripped
of some of his clerical aid, and I ventured to
say upon that proposition something which did
not seem to commend itself to those advocates
of economy of whom my friend from New
York is the leader and the chief. I find that
they always take some impracticable scheme
of economy, and after having advocated it he
sits down in utter despair because he is unable
to advance his scheme. I thoughtthat if there
was a real, sincere desire to economize the
expenses of the Government, it would be more
fit, more seemly, on the part of the Senate to
cut off the clerkships of some of the commit-
tees of this body that never meet. I ventured
to say so, not thinking that I should be attacked
as 1 have been by my friend from New York,
though in a manner which actually makes it
almost agreeable to me, so extremely amusing
and interesting is that Senator that to be his
victim is almost a pleasure. If that Senator
really does desire to play the economist, as- it
is pretty evident to my mind that he does,
here is an opportunity for him. He has been
here now 1 think about a year, and I have
heard him discuss a great many subjects, but
I think economy is his theme. As to the final
result of all, he comes down to that; that is
the i'i train, "economy." If he wishes to
economize, let me tell him what he can do.
Let him take the hint which I have already
given. This very bill provides an appropria-
tion of $83,000 for clerks of committees of this
body—private secretaries to Senators. The
honorable chairman of the Committee on Ap-
propriations took great pains to insert in italics
an appropriation of $2,200 for a clerk to the
Committee on Appropriations. I do not say
that it is not necessary.
I know the other House of Congress origin-
ates all these appropriation bills, and we have
only to receive them as they come from there;
but probably a clerk is necessary to that com-
mittee at an expense of $2,200. It struck me,
however, that when the chairman of that com-
mittee was depriving the President of the Uni-
ted States of a secretary he might have beeu
willing to do a little clerical work himself; but
still I do not say, nor do I believe, that a sec-
retary or clerk for the Committee on Appro-
priations is improper. I only allude to it as
showing what he deems necessary.
Then there are three other committees that
have $2,200 clerks ; and then there is a sweep-
ing appropriation of $25,000 for clerks of
committees of this body, and pages and carry-
alls. But let me tell the Senators that those
pages and carryalls are paid for out of another
appropriation for "miscellaneous items," and
the $25,000 will all go for clerks, and that will
not be sufficient to pay them, because there
arc about twenty committee clerks with a salary
amounting to $1,800 a year, in addition to the
$2,200 clerks.
Mr. WILSON. No, they are paid by the
day.
Mr. DIXON. This is really an abuse ; and
it is not a small matter, though it may be small
in amount. Take the Commiitee on Contingent
Expenses of the Senate as an example. When
I had the honor of beingehaiiman of the'com-
mittee I never thought of having a clerk. The
Secretary of the Senate is the clerk of that
committee ; but now you have given it a sepa-
rate committee clerk. The Secretary of the
Senate presents his bills to the Committee on
CotitingentExpenses. and he keeps thereeords
himself. But now you have appointed a clerk
to that clerk—a clerk to the Committee on
Contingent Expenses of the Senate! It is a
very useful and convenient thing to my friend
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Cragik.] He
deserves it; 1 agree he ought to have a private
secretary furnished to him ; but I do not think
he ought to vote against one for Andrew John-
son after having received one for his sole
benefit; it is for nobody else's.
Again, take the case of the Committee on
Manufactures, of which I am a member. It is
highly proper that my friend from Rhode
Island, [Mr. Spraoue,] the chairman of that
committee, should have a clerk for the com-
mittee. The labors of that committee are
arduous. True, we have thus far deferred
them, and we propose to do so until the end
of the session. They have been so arduous
that we have not been able yet to surmount the
infinite Alps that rise before us. We have not
commenced or undertaken to do anything,
though, of course, we shall undoubtedly do
something. Our clerk is there.
I do not know why my friend from New
York does not attack this abuse. It is not
because he does not know it. Ignorance can
never be pleaded by him as an excuse in regard
to any abuse under this Government. 1 have
wondered whether it is not possible that he
may look forward to the time when, having been
in the Senate as long, perhaps, as I have been,
| he may be a chairman of a committee and have
I a clerk himself. I cannot say but that that is
