1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1S13
the opportunities to erect civil government,
certainly no man acting upon such premises
could be tmly or even plausibly accused of
obstructing the process of reconstruction be-
cause he required that one quarter of the polit-
ical body should pronounce in its favor. Cer-
faiuly he could not have been accused of hin-
dering reconstruction if he had even insisted
that one half of that ascertained elective body
should be found by the forms of law to acqui-
esce in the establishments of government.
With a general wish to make haste in inaug-
urating regular State governments the provis-
ion as it stands, or evifn as it was first adopted
by the House, would have been wholly harm-
less in every way. This is too apparent to be
argued. The whole mass of the southern peo-
ple were to flock to the ballot-box, we were
told, and this, of course, would have disposed
of all questions touching the particular propor-
tion of votes required by the enabling act.
But, sir, the merits and the utility of this pro-
vision are not, in my estimation, to be looked
for wholly, or even chiefly, in the direction to
which I have adverted. Far from it. Seen
from the opposite direction its merits are still
more apparent. There were men who at the
outset and all the time did not believe, as the
Democratic press of the country would have had
us believe, because Representatives from the
South were not immediately, upon the cessa-
tion of arms, allowed to come here and make
speeches and vote, that therefore and thereby
we were starving or freezing the southern peo-
ple or laying waste their fields. There wers
those who believed that the right of represent-
ation or the exercise of that right would not
clothe nor feed nor warm a single human be-
ing, and who believed that in point of time the
latest material want of the South was repre-
sentation in this Chamber and the other.
There were those who believed that the south-
ern people, conscious of their real condition
and wants, were not, in truth, as eager for rep-
resentation as northern politicians represented;
that the Union people knew belter than to
hope for a solution of their troubles by gain-
ing instantaneous representation, and that the
rebels would positively forbid any plan of fair
restoration.
Having, by rebellion and by unsuccessful re-
bellion, forfeited all their rights of life, of lib-
erty, and of property, precisely in what meas-
ure or to what extent i will not stop to inquire,
the insurgents suddenly found themselves in
all things restored—life, liberty, and the pur-
suit of happiness, all were given back. No
one was punished; no attempt at punishment
was made, except that a few ringleaders were
disqualified for two elections from voting and
a few ringleaders were disqualified lrom hold-
ing office ; and this was the only badge of blame
attached to the authoss of the greatest, guilt-
iest rebellion ever known in the lifetime ol the
human race. This seemed to some the most
magnanimous spectacle of the kind in all his-
tory, and it seemed the duty and the mission
of the southern people to plant, to sow, to
build, to mend, to recreate, rather than to act
as if the panacea for every woe was immediate
representation in Congress.
But, besides the practical futility of the thing,
there was another reason for doubting whether
the southern people would make regaining rep-
resentation their first chief business. There
was great doubt about the truth of the asser-
tion that, "accepting the situation," as we
were told, in the phrase of the day, the people
of the South did, they would come frankly,
honestly, manfully to the point, at the first in-
vitation or at any invitation, of reorganizing
their governments upon the principle that a
land ransomed by loyal blood shall be ruled
by loyal men. Many doubted with good rea-
son the willingness of the dominant classes of
the South to accept any proposition which
woqld lead to a just result. I will ask in a
moment how the result has justified these
doubts. Therefore, in the enactment of the
40th Cong. 2d S ess.-—No. 83.
23d of March, a disposition was evinced to
frame a law which in either event should be
useful and efficient in its workings—an act
which, if in truth the great body of the people
of the South were ready to accept it, would
stand in the way of no one's right, and which,
if the reverse turned out to be true, would
afford some safeguards and precautions.
The first thing, the foundation of all action
with a view to popular reconstruction—and by
tliatphrase I mean reconstruction to be carried
on by the people generally who of right might
participate in it—the first step in that direction
was to ascertain and establish a basis of polit-
ical population; to fix in some way the elective
body by whom the work was to be done. How
was this to be accomplished? By a registra-
tration, by making lists for future security and
future proceedings, of all those entitled to take
part in laying the foundations of government.
TIow was this to be done, carefully, guardedly,
and surely done? That is the important and
urgent question now for those who would
honestly and correctly judge whether Congress
made a mistake in the provision which 1 am
considering.
Let us see. Look at the case of Alabama.
There was no difficulty there in accomplishing
the registration. We will see in a moment why.
But how has it been with the election just held
in that State? Great interest attached to this
election. It was the pioneer experiment. The
eyes of the whole country were upon it. Great
precautions had been taken to make it a fair
election. One faithful general followed another
in Alabama. The State was canvassed, and
nothing loft undone by the friends of restora-
tion to guard and provide everything essential
to a fair popular expression.
What is the result? Many have chosen to
refrain from the polls; but what in other re-
spects is the result? Twenty or twenty-five
thousand men, it seems, entitled to the elective
franchise, were excluded from the polls, kept
away or driven away.
No such thing happened when the registra-
tion took place, and the only reason it did not
happen then is to be found in the now abused
provision of the act of 23d March. By that
provision an inducement was created with the
enemies as well as the friends of restoration
to promote and aid full registration. A large
body of men, dominant not only in numbers
but in position and intelligence, would have it
that thousands should not come to the polls
and exercise the right which we bad sought to
guaranty to tlium. This exclusion might vitiate
the election. Suppose, now, that for the pur-
pose of hastening a result, for the purpose of
rendering it certain that no election should be
a failure by reason of absentees, we had in the
beginning adopted a provision that a majority
of the votes cast, however small that vote
might be, should control and consummate the
election, what do Senators think would have
been the result upon the process of registra-
tion? Would it have been successfully and
quietly effected as it has been in ten States?
You see, Mr. President, that the act of
March 23 held out every inducement to all the
white disloyalists who were allowed to register
themselves to do so, and held out an equal
inducement to the freedmen and the Union
men of both colors to register themselves;
held out every inducement to the disloyal popu-
lation of the South to aid, assist, encourage
all classes of men to put their names upon
the register also. And why ? To the end that
with a large registration they might the better
reap the advantage held out by the act, and be
able, if, when the time came, they were dis-
posed, aud if it turned out that they could do
so, to leave the election destitute of the num-
ber of votes required to make it effectual.
With a provision in the beginning such as is
now proposed, with the whole power placed in
the hands of a bare majority of the votes act-
ually cast, however small a fraction of the
whole body of electors might participate, it
may be doubted whether the motive for intimi-
dating and preventing the helpless from voting
would have been less than it is now, but there
can be no doubt that such a provision would
have been a most damaging blow at registra-
tion. The success in obtaining a fair registra-
tion under existing law is quite remarkable.
It refutes, among other things, the extraor-
dinary statements lately made as to disfran-
chisement.
I have before me a brief table, to which it
will take but a moment to refer, showing the
wholesome action of that provision of the act
of March 23 which made it for the interest of
all men, as well the partisans of reconstruc-
tion as the opponents of reconstruction, to
swell the registry, to throw open the avenues,
to give every man a fair opportunity. This
table shows the white registration merely in
the ten formerly insurgent States; I will read
the returns for but two and hand the paper to
the reporter. In 1860, the last year in which
votes were cast under the old regime, there
were cast in Virginia 115,257 votes. Now
there arc registered in Virginia of white voters
] 1(3,988—a larger registration of white men,
notwithstanding those disqualifications, which
my distinguished friend before me, [Mr. Buck*
alhw,] looking, as I think, through the pris-
matic colors of fancy, indulged himself in
saying might go to 800,000 throughout the
South.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Over that.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg to say to my friend
that I do not believe it will reach 300,000 nor
200,000 nor 100,000 nor 50,000, and I think in
proper time I shall be prepared to justify my
faith on that point.
Mr. BUCKALEW. If the Senator will not
deem it an interruption 
Mr. CONKLING. Not at all.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I wish to mention to
him that there is a very important consideration
which he overlooks, and that is the amazing
change of the qualifications of suffrage intro-
duced by the reconstruction laws. In Virginia
and the other States under the reconstruction
acts every male citizen over twenty-one years
of age is a voter if he has resided in the State
one year; whereas the constitutions of Virginia
and the other States abound with disqualifica-
tions, both those which relate to residence and
to other points. I have the constitution of
Virginia here, and if the Senator will permit
mo 1 will read the clause.
Mr. CONKLING. I know its tenor.
If the Senator objects
Mr. BUCKALEW.
I will not read it.
Mr. CONKLING.
have, first of all, to
I will not object; but I
thank the Senator for
reminding me that we have enfranchised a con-
siderable number of white men. I am obliged
to him for the suggestion that, in place of
seriously disfranchising and narrowing the basis
of popular political power, we have, as he says,
laid the foundations even broader and deeper
than they were before, and have swept away
a number of arbitrary disqualifications which.
! shut out white men from the privilege of voting.
' The suggestion, however, is foreign to the
. point upon which I was engaged.
i I stated that in Virginia 115,257 men, white
I men, voted in 1800; that in 1865, under the
j system called the Johnson policy, of which the
j distinguished Senator from Indiana [Mr. IIend-
j kicks J has becomc so enamored, as he under-
! stands it, there were east in Virginia 42,095
i votes; andlhalnow, on this "narrow-minded,
"illiberal," "despotic" registration, there ap-
pear in \ irginia 110,988 white inen manyhun-
dred more than exercised the right of suffrage
before the war, and more thaij twice as many
as did so under the reign of Andrew Johnson.
Take North Carolina: in 1860 there were cast
96,230 votes; in 1865, under the auspices of
Mr. Johnson, only 41,000 voted were cast; and
now there are registered in North Carolina
103,060 white men. In the other States the
result is less marked, but sufficiently marked
