2838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
y
duce a resolution to have a committee of which,
according to all parliamentary usage, he is to
be the_ chairman. It is to be a quasi judicial
investigation. I desire to know whether the
gentleman proposes to forestall the case which
he is going to examine by a preliminary speech
here?
Mr. BROOKS. I propose only to state tire
facts and give an opportunity to the managers
to reply to those facts. I propose to state the
grounds only.
I was about to read the letter of March 0,
submitted to and laid before the President of
the United States on that day, addressed to
Colonel J. W. Shaffer, counsel in the Alta
Vela case. That letter is as follows:
Washington, Mnrch 9,18G8.
Dear Sru: In answor to your question relating to
the validity of the claim of the baited States to the
jurisdiction over the island of Alta Vela, upon con-
siderable consideration of the bubject I lira clearly
of opinion that under the claim of the United States
its citizens have the exclusive right to take gunco
there. This is clearly indisputable both by the law
of nations and by our municipal laws.
I have never been ablo to understand why the
Executive did not lon^ since assert the rights of the
Government and sustain the rightful_ claims of its citi-
zens to the possession of the island in the most forcible
manner consistent with the dignity and honor of the
nation.
I am, yours, truly, BENJAMIN F. BUTLER.
Col. J. W. Shaffer, Washington, D. C.
That is signed by Mr. Boiler, one of the
managers of the impeachment. On that letter
follows this:
I concur in the opinion above expressed by General
Butler. JOIIN A. LOGAN.
And!. J. A. GARFIELD.
This letter, with these three names, and these
three only, was first laid before the President
of the United States, and subsequently an
exact copy of this letter, with the exact date,
March 9, was, on March 16, laid before the
President of the United States by the counsel
in this case, and to those names were added the
following:
I concur. W. II. KOONTZ,
J. K. MOOIiHEAD.
THADDEHS STEVENS,
J. G. BLAINE,
JOHN A. B1N6IIAiM.
This makes in all four of the seven man-
agers, a majority, who are appointed to conduct
the impeachment on the part of this House.
This letter was addressed to the counsel in
the Alta Vela case, and laid before the Presi-
dent March 16.
Mr. BUTLER. Where do you find the ad-
dress to the President?
Mr. BROOKS. This letter was addressed
to Colonel Shaffer, the aide-de-camp of the
honorable gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Butler,] during the last war ; his friend and
counsel; his "particular friend," as he states
in some remarks which he made in the Sen-
ate. And this letter was laid before the Pres-
ident of the United States by another counsel,
Chauncey F. Black, a copy of which, dated
March 16,1 have in my hands, with the'follow-
ing address:
Mr. President : I have heretofore handed you a
letter expressing the opinions of Generals Butler,
Logan, and Gakfield in respect to our claims to
Alta Vela. Please find herewith a copy of the same,
with the concurrence of Thaddeus Stevens. John
A. Binqham, J. G. Blaine, J.K. Mookhead, and
William Koontz.
I am. Mr. President, very respectfully, your obe-
dient servant,
CHAUNCEY F. BLACK.
And thus, through two of the counsel in this
case, we have a letter directly reaching the
President from four, a majority, of the man-
agers in this case, March 10, after, as is
stated in the preamble of this resolution, the
articles of impeachment had been presented to
the Senate. The resolution of impeachment
was passed February 24; the articles of im-
peachment were laid before the President
March 2; the summons to appear was served
upon him March 7; and his appearance or-
dered to take place on the 13th of March.
Without intending any attack upon the hon-
orable managers in this case, or to connect
them with any corrupt transaction whatsoever,
I have nevertheless felt it to be my duty as a
member of this House to say that a more im-
proper time, a more improper place, or a more
improper person in such a time and placc could
not have been chosen for laying the letters
which were laid before the President of the
United States, who was impeached before a
high tribunal. For, however he might be or-
ganized, they were calculated to have upon his
mind either the influence of intimidation or
the influence of persuasion, or some other
influence to be properly described by some
stronger word than " persuasion." They were
calculated to have such an influence over him
as powerfully to control his action, or to
threaten to control it, in the matterof this Alta
Vela claim. The claim is very large, of vast
magnitude, amounting to more than a million
dollars, as some say to two or three millions.
And the submission of such a letter as that
from officers of this House, acting as its man-
agers, at such a time as that, was calculated
either to intimidate, influence, or persuade the
President, and upon most men, or many men
not constituted as he is, would have had a
direct influence in some form or other.
Mr. HARDING. Will thegentleman allow
me to ask him a question for information?
Mr. BROOKS. Certainly.
Mr. HARDING. I confess I desire a little
information; I say it sincerely, although it
may create a smile at expense. Bat I de-
sire to know where the gist of this offense is;
how you distinguish this case from the case
covered by the bill you passed afew days since,
instructing the President to protcct naturalized
citizens abroad? I cannot understand that the
recovery of this island to the jurisdiction of the
United States can benefit any but the Govern-
ment, if the Government has the title to it.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not wish to enter into
the merits of the Alta Vela claim, for it would
take too long to do so. If the honorable gen-
tleman will look into it, he will perceive that
it is not a claim on the part of the Government,
but a claim on the part of private individuals
to a large amount of property, of individuals,
I believe, residing in the city of Baltimore.
And the whole benefits of this claim, if success-
ful, amounting to over a million dollars, are to
accrue to those individuals..
And pending tins claim, with the object ap-
parently to influence the Presideutof the United
States, a letter, an opinion, signed by four of
the managers, was, through the counsel in the
Alta Vela ease, laid before the President of
the United States. Am I understood now by
the* honorable gentleman on the other side?
Does he not see the difference between this
case and that of an island to which the Gov-
ernment makes claim? for the act of August,
1856, specially provides that the Government
shall have no title to an island elaimcd as this
is, but that the island may be abandoned when-
ever it is stripped of its guano, that being the
whole property involved in the claim. Tho
act of 1856 leaves it optional with the Gov-
ernment at any time to abandon the title or
eminent domain of the island thus claimed.
What I have said, Mr. Speaker, has been
without any desire to cast upon the managers
any insinuation whatever. It is my desire that
the House shall maintain its position and its
honor free from all suspicions. It has under-
taken to arraign the President of the United
States for high crimes and misdemeanors; and
in that arraignment it is certainly its duty to
stand before the Senate with clean hands,
without any suspicion whatever resting upon
it of any attempt to influence improperly the
President of the United States; and when
there is any appearance of an attempt to exert
influence improperly or at an improper time
the honorable managers to whom has been
delegated the high and responsible and august
trust of representing this House before the
high court of impeachment will, I trust, explain
any connection they may have had with the
matter.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. If the gentleman
will allow me, I desire to ask him to whom
the letter signed by the managers is addressed.
Mr. BROOKS. I thought I had explained
that matter very explicitly.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I did not hear the
letter read. I was not in my seat.
Mr. BROOKS. It is addressed to Colonel
Shaffer.
Mr. ASIILEY, of Ohio. It is not addressed
to the President of the United States at all?
Mr. BROOKS. It is addressed to Colonel
Shaffer, one of the counsel for the claimants in
the Alta Vela case, and it is laid before the
President of the United States in a letter par-
ticularly addressed to the President by another
one of the counsel, Chauncey P. Black, and it
is laid before the President of the United States
at two different times.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it is a matter well know\>
to the country and to this House that Mr.
Black, who was one of the counsel in this ease,
felt himself so delicately connected with the
President of the United States, whom he was
about to defend before the Senate, that he
deemed it his duty to resign his position as
counsel for the President because he might be
supposed to have some possible interest in a
great claim pending before the President. I
have only to express my deep regret that our
managers in similar circumstances, having ex-
pressed an opinion upon a case of such vast
magnitude and amount, did not feel it their
duty to imitate the wise and becoming example
of Mr. Black and resign their places as managers,
leaving the President of the United States free
from all improper influence whatever in the
impeachment they were about to conduct be-
fore the Senate of the United States.
Mr. Speaker, I move the previous question
upon the resolution.
Mr. WASHBUftNE, of Illinois. Ihopethe
gentleman will withdraw the call for the pre-
vious question, to allow me to otter the amend-
ment 1 have indicated.
Mr. BROOKS. I would do so but for the
fact that I want a vote on this question to-day,
as the managers are about to reappear before
the high court of impeachment. I will cheer-
fully yield to any gentleman upon the other
side who wishes to speak on this subject, re-
taining, however, my right to the floor during
my hour.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Brooks,] as the Chair understands,
withdraws the call for the previous question
and proposes to yield to other gentlemen,
retaining his right to the floor.
Mr. WASITBUBNE, of Illinois. Imove the
amendment I have indicated.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Xew
York is still upon the floor.
Mr. BROOKS. Let me be understood. I
propose to retain my right to the floor in order
to obtain a vote to-day, because this process
of impeachment is going on, and this matter
should be promptly settled. I propose to yield
the remainder of my hour to any of the man-
agers for any explanation they may desire to
make, retaining my right to the floor in order
to move the previous question and have a vote
lo-da.y.
Mr. HTGBY. Mr. Speaker, I have not
myself given much attention to this subject,
except that £ have heard broken portions of
the arguments on the impeachment, and 1 con-
fess I was laboring under the impression ti>:it
the managers themselves had addressed a let-
ter to the President direct upon this subject.
Now, sir, all that I find is this 
Mr. W ASHRURXE, of Illinois. Miv
Speaker  
j Mr" 1 cannot yield at present. All
that I find is simply this: the member from
I aew York has, I believe, introduced a rusolu-
' tion I came into the House while he was
speaking.
| Mr WASHBURXE, of Illinois. Mr.
i opGfli£6r—--
[■ Mr. BROOKS. I hope the gentleman wili
, have patience. I have yielded now to the gpn-
; tleman from California.
| Mr. H1GBY. _ I believe I have the floor,
1 and 1 do not to bo interrupted if there
