4386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 23,
age and obviously intelligent., generally and
particularly, on the subject of the testimony.
Mrs. Williamson, indeed, is a person of rare
genins. Her volume of published poems place
her among the first, if not the very first, poet-
ical writers of the present age in this or any
other country. Her eulogy on President Lin-
coln is absolutely unrivaled in its kind. Such
are these witnesses.
This contestant is informed, and submits,
that swearing under conditions which are
against the interests or the safety of the witness
is one of the most powerful tests known to the
law, not only of the credibility but even of the
competency of the witness. Both these wit-
nesses swear they are subject to the penalty of
death for revealing the secrets of the endow-
ment and testifying as they have done in the
present case. Mr. Smith was endowed in
1857, at the age of about thirty, after having
been a member of the Mormon church some
eight months. Mrs. Williamson was endowed
in 1859, when about twenty years of age, after
a membership of twelve years in the Mormon
church. Both witnesses testify that the endow-
ment pledges were made under the most terri-
ble oaths and imprecations. One of these was
the death of the subject for revealing any of
these pledges. Mr. Smith says he took oaths,
four or more. Mrs. Williamson says she took
oaths, several of them, she cannot tell how
many, while passing under the endowment.
Mr. Smith says : " 1 think there was only one
of these oaths, the second or third, which
had anything to do with his relations to the
people or Government of the United States."
Mrs. Williamson says there were two oaths
which she considered antagonistic to the people
and Government of the United States.
Mr. Smith says in answer to question fifteen :
"The substance of the oath as I remember it:
'That you (he) will hato the United States Govern-
ment; that you the) will do all in your power to
overthrow it, teach the same to your children ana
iuipie&s it on your dyiua bed.'"
Mrs. Williams says of these oaths :
" One required unquestioning obedience to tho
head of the Mormon church as God's representative,
making the authonty of tho priesthood naraulouilt,
'i he other required a formal leuunciation of alle-
giance to the United States Government, and hostil-
ity thereto as a Powor, held responsible for the per-
secution of tho saints, grilling tho blood of tho
prophets," &c.
Both these witnesses say that all members
in good standing are expected to go through
these ceremonies and take these endowment
oaths. They also both testify that all church
members appointed to do church business of
the most trivial kind are required to receive
these endowments before leaving the Territory.
Both testify that Mr. Hooper is an elder in the
Mormon church, and are, as they swear, sure
that he has assumed the endowment pledges
above described.
Besides the evidence of these witnesses, this
contestant has laid before the House the his-
torical works of Hyde and Fen is on the sub-
ject of Mormonism, and the Journal of Dis-
courses printed by authority of the Mormon
church. Historical works are evidence of
past and even of current transactions, and as
such these are presented to this House.
The Journal of Discourses is, however, of
peculiar value in the ease. It is the Mormon
statement of Mormons and Mormonism by
themselves, and as men are always known to
speak of themselves as well as they deserve, its
statements are commended to the House.
The Journal speaks of Mr. Hooper as an elder.
Mr. Hyde describes the endowment in the
same manner as Mr. Smith and Mrs. William-
son. and all of them testify that elders in the
Mormon church receive the endowment.
This testimony shows that the sitting Dele-
gate, William H. Hooper, has taken t,he pledges
thus shown to be hostile to the people and
Government of the United States, and that he
must stand or fall by their consequences. The
testimony thus produced is the best of which
the nature of the case admits. The pledges of
all secret societies, which are against the public
and Government amid and under which they
exist, are necessarily secret. Such pledges are
invariably verbal, and are not permitted to be
written or printed lest they be exposed. They
are made in darkness and in close recesses, into
which no uninitiated eye or ear can ever pene-
trate. . And when these secret pledges are thus
made the penalty for revealing or exposing
them is death.
Such are the pledges shown to have been
assumed by the sitting Delegate. _ And it must
be obvious to this House that in their very
nature they are not susceptible of direct proof.
Indirect proof, such as this contestant has
adduced, is the best of which the nature of the
case under inquiry admits. The law does not
require impossibilities. This contestant be-
lieves and submits, for instance, that in a con-
spiracy, which is nearly always secret, the
intermingling of the very breath of the con-
spirators need not be proved. In adultery the
fact of coition need not be proved. In all such
cases the party is required to prove such cir-
cumstances, such indirect facts as the nature
of the case admits. Such are the proofs pre-
sented in the present case, and they are all the
case allows.
The House is asked to note well the nature
of this endowment pledge in connection with
the question of proof. These pledges are
assumed in profound and impenetrable secrecy.
Such is the proof offered, and such, too, is its
obvious essential nature. Have the Mormons
or anybody else ever pledged themselves to
hostility against their Government and their
country openly, ostensibly, or in any other man-
ner susceptible of direct proof? None but
Mormons in good standing, who surrender
themselves absolutely to the system, accus-
tomed to impenetrable secrecy and to the arts
of evasion, arc allowed to assume this pledge.
And it is always assumed amid the most horrid
oaths and imprecations:
"A death penalty is attached to tho violation of
all oaths taken m the oudowmentceremonv, and one
of tho oaths requires that the secrets of the endow-
ment bo kept inviolate. These penalties are ex-
pressed in pantomime by motions of stabbing through
the heart, cutting the throat, disemboweling," <tc.
Can this House require the contestant to
show by the very witness, if any such there
ever was, who saw the sitting Delegate assume
these pledges? Or can it upon established
principles of law or common sense require bet-
ter or oilier testimony than that which is pre-
sented in the case by the contestant? This
contestant, therefore, submits to the House
that he has proved by the best testimony the
nature of the ease admits that the sitting Dele-
gate—
" Has abjured his allegiance to the United States,
that ho lias pledged himself to hostility againattheir
Government and people, and that ho has boundliim-
self to avenge the death of tho saints upon them ; to
teach the same obligations to bis children and im-
press them on his dying bod."
The two witnesses examined speak from
memory only. Tho oath they never saw, for
such things never are written or printed. They
are impressed no where but upon the human
heart, in characters of envenomed hate as
enduring as itself. Bach of these witnesses
speaks a little more fully than the other on some
particular points. The absolute test of verity,
substantial agreement with circumstantial
diversity, characterizes the statements of these
witnesses. These witnesses agree that the sit-
ting Delegate has abjured his_ allegiance and
pledged himself in active hostility to the United
States. Still it may be said that the sitting
Delegate has sworn his allegiance here to the
United States, and that the endowment pledge
is part of his religion and not to be called into
question. Can any one believe that pledges,
imprecations, adjurations, such as have been
proved, are able to be retracted or released
bv any other sanctions or retiactions what-
ever? Grant, arguendo, that it is a part of
the fanaticism or religion of the Mormon peo-
ple. It then pertains to his hope of happiness
here and of his salvation hereafter. It is
then a question between the conscience of tho
i sitting Delegate and his God which no oath
I sworn here ean evet reach or retract.
If this be so then you have in your midst as
tlie sitting Delegate from Utah one who has
abjured his allegiance to the United States-
and pledged himself to active hostility against
them, by irretrievable sanctions, and yet lie
claims to sit Irere as one of the council ot that,
country whose sworn foe he has thus become.
Is this a part of the religion o-f the sitting Dele1-
gate, and therefore not to be cal ed in question
here ? Can this House admit such a proposition
as that? It has been so claimed by and on
behalf of the Mormons m regard to polygamy
and murder among them. But can tl«s House
adopt as a practical rule the ProP°®lt,°°
disloyalty, sedition, treasonable pledges, im-
purity, and crime are susceptible of being so
clothed in the forms and sanctities of religion
as to be not only beyond its investiga'i°n> but
that the man who comes here a3 the sittm^
Delegate, robed in the infamy of such a livery
as that, may, forsooth, maintain his place m
this Hall beyond all the power of this House
to displace him because he has made these-
crimes a part of his religion ?^ " ,
Grant the affirmative of this to be true, ana
what follows as a practical proposition not to
be denied? Just this, that any band of traitorsr
murderers, seditionists, adulterers, polyga-
mists, conspirators, or what not, may first
combine ana establish a religion of which these
crimes form a part, and then go on a.nd Jeve*
in such crimes on any part of the son ot the
United States because its Constitution places
religion beyond inquiry by the Eederal Gov-
ernment? Does the Constitution thus confound
religion and crime? Murder, polygamy, trea-
son, sedition were as well known to the frameis
of the Federal Constitution to be crimes ami
criminal offenses as the Christian rehgion was
known to them to be the common faith in every
State in the Union, and indeed in every civil-
ized country. Can this House believe that any
intention to confound them entered into the
formation of the Constitution? If Mormon
polygamy, Mormon murders, and Mormon
sedition are protected from inquiry by the
Constitution of the United States, then that
venerated code of fundamental law must make
religion synonymons with crime. I he con-
testant submits with confidence that this House
never will adopt that proposition as a practical
rule, nor any one approximating to it.
It may be submitted, perhaps,_ as a funda-
mental rule of action, hardly deniable that no
human government can subsist unless those
who hold its offices and wield its forces are in
absolute allegiance and fidelity to, and in per-
fect peace and amity of sentiment with the
government itself. Governments ean subsist
on no other terms. The practical application
of the above proposition is submitted as
equally true, that no man ought to be permit-
ted to hold office under any Government un-
less he maintains his allegiance and fidelity to,
and absolute peace and amity of sentiment
with such Government. In the absence of
these essential qualifications no form or sanc-
tion of election or choice can render any man
competent to admimsterany Government func-
tion. Wanting these qualifications such a man
ought to be expelled from the councils of the
country.
This contestant now, therefore, submits to
the House that, he lias shown the sitting Dele-
gate to have abjured his allegiance and pledged
himself m active hostility to the Government
of the United States, by fanatical pledges so
overwhelming in the obligation with which they
were accepted, that no official or secular oa'h
can retract or loose them ; and that he was us
that condition when he was elected, as he
claims to have been, to this House. He also
submits to this House that this condition an-
nulled the 15,008 votes which the sitting Dele-
gate claims to have received: rendtrs them
j wholly futile, and deprives his election of all
I validity. The sitting Delegate cannot and
! ought not, therefore, to hold the office he now
1 claims to hold under any form or sanction of
J choice.
! The contestant has already submitted that
