1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
438T
all votes polled for any man incompetent or
disqualified for the office of choice are wholly
illegal, and the election void. No vote, no
possible majority, can elect any man to an
office^ under this Government who has thrown
off his allegiance and sworn hostility to it.
The sitting Delegate is in that condition, and
he ought not, therefore, to hold the office.
This contestant has also submitted that all
votes polled by incompetent persons are ille-
gal, nail, and void. lixceptions two and three
(page 1, Miscellaneous Document, No. 35)
of this contestant allege that the votes polled
for the sitting Delegate were by persons dis-
loyal and hostile to the United States. These
allegations the sitting Delegate does not effect-
ually deny in his statement or answer. They
must therefore be taken as admitted.
The testimoiey in the case also shows the
Mormon people to be disloyal and hostile to
the United States. They arc, therefore, by
what has been shown, incapable of electing
any person to office under the Government of
the United States. This contestant, therefore,
submits to the House that the sitting Delegate,
by his own incompetency, as well as by the
incompetency of his voters, is absolutely dis-
qualified to hold his present seat. The 15,068
votes he claims to have received cannot avail
him. He cannot hold the office. And the
resolution of this House in the present case
ought to be that the sitting Delegate, William
H. Hooper, is not entitled to lxis present seat
in the Fortieth Congress.
The next question is, was the contestant
elected at the election of the 4th of February,
1867, at which the sitting Delegate claims to
have been chosen. For the contestant there
were returned 105 votes. The competency of
those who voted and the validity of the votes
for the contestant have not been questioned or
denied. They were, therefore, able to, and
did, make a legal choice of this contestant at
that election, if the opposing candidate and
voters were illegal and incompetent by reason
of their dishnaliy and hostility to the Govern-
ment of the United States. It has been shown,
both by the pleadings and the evidence in the
case, that such was the condition of the sitting
Delegate and his voters at the time of the elec-
tion in question.
It has been claimed, as this contestant be-
lieves, that the minority cannot represent the
majority. That may be true where the major-
ity is in entire harmony and amity with its
Government and entitled to representation.
But where such majority casts off its allegiance
and swears hostility to the Government of the
United States, however large, it cannot and
ouglit_ not to deprive the loyal and faithful
minority, however small, of its rights of repre-
sentation.
The contestant submits but one precedent
on this point. It is, however, of Divine au-
thority, and therefore binding on all, whether
lawyers or laymen. It is found in chapter eigh-
teen of Genesis, where it is related of Abraham
communing with the angels concerning Sodom
and Gomorrah, as follows:
"And Abraham drew near and said, Wilt thou also
™ i * "ghteouswith the wicked? And he said,
Ul) lot. not the Lord bo angry, and I will sneak vet
> if 'ls°nco: Peradventure ten (.righteous persons]
shall be tound there. And He said I will not destroy
it lor ten s sake. "V . 32.
ihis is a most instructive case and worthy
the^gravest consideration of this House.
Without further argument or citation this
contestant submits that he was duly chosen at
the election in question on the 4tli of February,
18(57. And the resolution of the House in the
present case ought to be that the contestant,
William MeGrorty, is entitled to the seat in
the House ef Representatives of the Fortieth
Congress of the United States as Delegate from
Utah, under the election of February 4, 1867.
Beyond the immediate controversy of the
present case there are, as this contestant sub-
mits, other very grave questions, which de-
mand the immediate action of this House, how-
ever the main controversy maybe determined.
Full evidence has, in times past, been sub-
mitted to different Departments of the Govern-
ment of the crime and impurity existing in Utah,
and it has elicted animadversion iu various
forms and degrees. And still the evils continue.
The testimony of the present case, however,
brings the condition of Utah more fully and
significantly before this House than it had ever
been_ previously presented to any Department
of this Government. The existence of polyg-
amy in Utah is not denied. With blasphemous
effrontery, however, it is claimed to be sus-
tained by the sanctities of religion, and its
piactice enjoined by the Mormon leaders upon
their followers in direct violation of the act of
Congress to the contrary.
ihe report of Colonel Carleton, filed in the
present case directs the attention of this House
to the Mountain Meadow massacre, and with
all other evidence on the subject traces that
outrage to the Mormons. It even places the
sitting Delegate in grave complicity with some
of the consequences, if not with the crime
itself. He was found associated in some meas-
ure with ,lohn D. Lee, who is designated by
every indication as the leader in that massacre,
and it appears that he was found selling two
hundred and forty-eight head of live stock
taken from those murdered at the Mountain
Meadow not long after that atrocity. The sit-
ting Delegate will doubtless be able, and ought
promptly to be required to explain, how in a
country such as Utah, by no means overrun
with cattle, and with an efficient system of
branding and marking, he could innocently be
found in possession of so much property of
plundered and murdered people. The magni-
tude of this fact cannot be explained by trifling
evasions.
All the evidence, as already stated, indicate
that John D. Lee, then, as now, an adopted
son of Brigham Young, and a Mormon bishop,
was the leader in that nefarious crime. The
large property of the victims, consisting of
cairiages, wagons, horses, mules, oxen, furni-
ture, store goods, wearing apparel, money,
jewelry, books, musical instruments, arms,
and other effects of a body of wealthy emi-
grants, worth as variously reported, from one
to two hundred thousand dollars, was appro-
priated by the Mormons, chiefly by the leaders.
Other parts of the country were shocked tjthis
atrocity and loudly condemned it. For many
months the Mormon papers never alluded to
the massacre, and then only to traduce the vic-
tims. In Utah, among the Mormons, the guilty
authorship of this outrage is not denied. Par-
ticipation in the massacre is frequently char-
acterized by the Mormons as a •' service," and
in their quarrels they notunfrequently twit each
Other with it.
The Mountain Meadow massacre is perhaps
unparalleled in cruelty and impunity. More
than one hundred and twenty persons were hy il
swept into eternity, leaving iif'teen or twenty
children, so young as not to know their own
names or those of their patents. Matrons, de-
fended by all the dignity and charms of their
sex; girls, still lovely with the tender inno-
cence of childhood, were first subjected to
that fate which is the most revolting to human-
ity, whose further mention, however, would
suffuse the check of modesty with the blush
of shame, and then remorselessly butchered
while invoking death for themselves, but plead-
ing with angelic eloquence for their husbands,
their fathers, mothers, brothers, and sisters.
The evidence it is believed and submitted
will show that this is no fancy sketch, but the
terrible truth. One boy was killed by having i
his head cleaved with an ax some days after ;
the massacre, because he was found to be old !
enough to identify his father's oxen. Treaeh- I
ery was employed" against the emigrants. The S
spring which supplied them with water was i
furtively seized by men in the disguise of !
Indians, in the hope of reducing the emigrants j
by thirst. Subsequently the disguise was thrown i
off, and these emigrants, after a brave defense,
were induced to surrender their arms to the I
Mormons, under promise of protection from the ;
Indians. The work of massacre was then easy, i
The children saved were so utterly bereft of all
relations of kindred, as well as of individuality,
that the very names since given them express
their miserable condition. One of these, for
instance, is Calvin Sorrow. These poor or-
phans, naked and destitute, as they were born,
were permitted to depart from the Territory of
Utah without the offer of a dollar, so far as is
known, for their relief, while the abundant
property of their fathers remains with their
Mormon murderers, who will doubtless raise
the cry of persecution for this attempt to inter
fere with the rights of Mormon murderers.
_ It is now eleven years since this most atro-
cious crime was perpetrated. Its perpetrators;
red with the blood and gorged with the wealth
of the murdered victims, walk unpunished as
offensive to the eye of decency as to that of
justice. Nay, more; it is possible they mean
to invade this Hall of legislation! The evi-
dence of this crime is fast passing away, and
if the apathy of this Government continues, it
will soon leave these murderers to an impunity
as entire and absolute as its own responsibility
for justice disregarded.
Theftext case which this contestant pre-
sents, with a few words of necessary explana-
tion, but without comment, is the Mormon
order to murder some eighty poor, unarmed
teamsters, discharged from Fort Bridger, and
making their way home by way of Salt Lake
City, to and through California, in the fall,
winter, and springof 1857-58. The order speaks
for itself, and is as follows:
[Special Order.?
Salt Lake City, April 9, 1858.
The officer iu command of escort is hereby ordered
to see that every man is well suppled with ammuni-
tion and have it ready at the time you see those team-
sters a hundred miles from the settlements. Presi-
dent Young advises that they should be all killed to
prevent them returning to Uridger to join our ene-
mies. Every precaution should be taken and see
that not one escapes. Secrecy is lequired.
By order of General Daniel XI. Wells:
JAMES FERGUSON,
Assistant Adjutant General.
These teamsters were leaving Fort Bridger
and the service of the United States forever.
They were permitted to escape by the human-
ity and integrity of the man to whom the order
and escort referred to were committed, and
from whom it was received by its present pos-
sessor. That man, however, was stripped of
his property, driven from his home, and has
ever since been persecuted for his disobe-
dience. He worked for several years for the
United States, under the guns of Camp Doug-
las, as a carpenter. During that time he was
several times fired at, and once wounded in
the outskirts of Salt Lake City. He was then
in frequent receipt of anonymous letters warn-
j ing him to leave the Territory, and threaten-
ing him with death if he remained. He is now
in one of the new States of the West. It is
thought best, however, for prudential reasons,
to withhold both his name and his residence,
j This order originally came through the hands
I of a Mormon bishop and an adopted son of
i Brigham Young. In January and February
I of 1867, the Mormon leaders supposed this
j order to be in the hands of General Conner,
j and their denial of its genuineness was only
I equaled by their abuse of the general. This
! induced its present custodian, then a United
j States officer in Great Salt Lake City, to in-
j form them by a newspaper notice where the
j order was, to invite its examination by them,
or anybody for them, at the same time offering
J every facility, legal or otherwise, to test its
, genuineness. Two persons, obviously the
1 most likely to know the handwriting of Assist-
| ant Adjutant General James Ferguson, who
: seems to have signed the order, ca led and
examined it. They were entirely silent on
that occasion as to the handwriting. Not the
slightest reference has since been made to it
by the Mormons.
Of the many cases of murderous outrage
referred to by the contestant's counsel in his
printed argument, but one other can, with any
detail, be noticed now, and that was the mur-
der of Dr. J. K. Eobinson, which took place
