THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
carrying this purpose into execution, and it
being proved, also, that the purpose itself was
unlawful, all the elements of a conspiracy are
iully established; and it only remains to ex-
amine the testimony in order that the nature
of the consphacy may more clearly appear
and the means by which the purpose was to be
accomplished may be more fully understood.
The statement, of the President in his mes-
sage to the Senate under date of 12th of De-
cember, 1867, discloses the depth of his feel-
ing and the intensity of his purpose in regard
to the removal of Mr. Stanton. In that mes-
sage he speaks of the bill regulating the tenure
of certain civil offices at the time it was before
him for consideration. He says:
"The bill had not thon become a law ; the limit-
ation ur>on the power of removal was not yet im-
posed, and there was yet time to make anv change^.
If any one of those gentlemen [meaning the mem-
bers of his Cabinet] had then said to me that, he
would avail himself of the provisions of that bill in
case it became a law I should not have hesitated a
moment as to his removal."
When, in the summer of 1807, the respond-
ent became satisfied that Mr. Stanton not only
did not enter into the President's schemes but
was opposed to them, and he determined upon
his suspension and final removal from the office
of Secretary for the Department of War, he
knew well th,.t the confluence of the people in
Mr. Stanton was very great, and that they
would not accept his removal and an appoint-
ment to that important place of any person of
doubtful position, or whose qualifications were
not known to the country. Hence he sought,
through the suspension of Mr. Stanton and the
appointment of General Grant as Secretary of
War ad interim, to satisfy the country for the
moment, but with the design to prepare the
way thereby for the introduction into the War
Department of one of his own creatures. At
that time it was supposed that the suspension
of Mr. Stanton and the appointment of Gen-
eral Grant were made under and by virtue of
the act regulating the tenure of certain civil
offices; and although the conduct of the Presi-
dent during a period of nearly six months in
reference to that office was in conformity to
the provisions of that act, it was finally de-
clared by him that what he had done had been
done in conformity to the general power which
he claims under the Constitution, and that he
did not in any way recognize the act as con-
stitutional or binding upon him. His message
to the Senate of the 12th of December was
framed apparently in obedience to the tenure-
ofoffiee act. Ho charged Mr. Stanton with
misconduct in office, which, by that act, had
been made a ground for the suspension of a
civil officer; he furnished reasons and evidence
of misconduct, which, as he alleged, had been
satisfactory to him, and he furnished such rea-
sons and evidence within twenty days after the
meeting of the Senate next following the day
of suspension.
All this was in conformity to the statute of
March 2, 1807. The Senate proceeded to con-
sider the evidence and reasons furnished by the
President, and in conformity to that act passed
a resolution, adopted on the 13th of January,
18G8, declaring that the reasons were unsatis-
factory to the Senate, and that Mr. Stanton
was restored to the office of Secretary for the
Department of War. Up to that time there
had been no official statement or declaration
by the President that he had not acted under
the tenure-of-office act; but he now assumed
that, that act had no binding force, and that Mr.
Stanton was not lawfully restored to the office
of Secietary for the Department of War.
Upon tfie adoption of the resolution by the
Senate General Grant at once surrendered the
office to Mr. Stanton. This act upon his part
filled the President with indignation toward
both General Grant and Mr. Stanton, and from
that day he seems to have been under the influ-
ence of a settled and criminal purpose to de-
stroy General Grant and to secure the removal
of Mr. Stanton. During the month following
the restoration of Mr. Stanton the President
attempted to carry out his purpose by various i
and tortuous methods. First he endeavored
to secure the support of General Sherman. On
two occasions, as is testified by General Sher-
man, on the 27th and 31st of January, he ten-
dered him the position of Secretary of Waraa!
interim. It occurred very naturally to General
Sherman to inquire of the President whether
Mr. Stanton would retire voluntarily from the
office ; and also to ask the President what he
was to do, and whether he would resort to force
if Mr. Stanton would not yield. The Presi-
dentanswered, "Oh, he will make no objec-
tion; you present the order and he will retire."
Upon a doubt being expressed by General
Sherman, the President remarked, " I know
him better than you do ; he is cowardly." The
President knew Mr. Stanton too well to enter-
tain any such opinion of his courage as he gave
in his answer to General Sherman; the secret
of the proceeding, undoubtedly, was this : he
desired in the first place to induce General
Sherman to accept the office of Secretary of
War ad interim upon the assurance on his part
that Mr. Stanton would retire willingly from
his position, trusting that when General Sher-
man was appointed to and had accepted the
place of Secretary of War ad interim he could
be induced, either upon the suggestion of the
President or under the influence of a natural
disinclination on his part to fail in the accom-
plishment of anything which he had undertaken,
to seize the War Department by force. The
President very well knew that if General Sher-
man accepted the office of Secretary of War
ad interim he would be ready at the earliest
moment to relinquish it into the hands of the
President, and thus he hoped through the
agency of General Sherman to secure the
possession of the Department for one of his
favori tes.
During the period from the 11th day of Jan-
uary to the 21st of February he made an at-
tempt to enlist Genera! George H. Thomas in
the same unlawful undertaking. Here, also,
he was disappointed. Thus it is seen that from
August last, the tune when he entered system-
atically upon his purpose to remove Mr.
Stanton from the office of Secretary for the
Department of War, he has attempted to se-
cure the purpose lie had in view through the
personal influence and services of the three
principal officers of the Army; and that he has
met with disappointment in each c^ise. Under
these circumstances nothing remained for the
respondent but to seize the office by an open,
willful, defiant violation of law; and as it was
necessary for the accomplishment of his pur-
pose that he should obtain the support of some
one, and as his experience had satisfied him
that no person of capacity or respectability or
patriotism would unite with linn in his unlaw-
ful enterprise, he sought the assistance and aid
of Lorenzo Thomas. This man, as you have
seen him, is an old man, a broken man, a vain
man, a weak man, utterly incapable of per-
forming any important public service in a
manner creditable to the country ; but possess-
ing, nevertheless, all the qualities and charac-
teristics of a subservient instrument and tool
of an ambitious, unscrupulous man. He readily
accepted the place which the President offered
him, and there is no doubt that the declara-
tions which he made to Wilkeson, Burleigh,
and Karsner were made when he entertained
the purpose of executing them, and made also
in the belief that they were entirely justified by
the orders which he had received from the
President, and that the execution of his pur-
pose to seize the War Department by force
would be acceptable to the President. That
he threatened to use force there is no doubt
from the testimony, and he has himself con-
fessed substantially the truth of the statements
made by all the witnesses for the prosecution
who have testified to that fact.
These statements were made by Thomas on
and after the 21st of February, when he re-
ceived his letterof authority, in writing, to take
possession of the War Department. The agree-
ment between the President and Thomas was j
consummated on that day. With on© mind I
they, were then and.on subsequent days engaged
and np to the present time they, are engaged in
the attempt to get possession of the War De-
partment. Mr. Stanton, as the Senate by its
resolution has declared, being the lawful Sec-
retary of War, this proceeding on their "part
was an unlawful proceeding. It had in view
an unlawful purpose; it was therefore in con-1
templation of the law a conspiracy, and the
President is consequently bound by tlife decla-
rations made by Thomas in regard' to taking
possession of the War Department by force.
Thomas admits that on the night of the 21st it
was his purpose to use force ; buton the morn-
ing of the 22d his mind had undergone a change
and he then resolved not to use force.. We do
not know precisely the hour when his miild
underwent this change, but the evidence dis-
closes that upon his return from the supreme
court of the District, where he had been ar-
raigned upon a complaint made by Mr. Stan-
ton, which, according to the testimony, was
twelve o'clock or thereabouts, he had an inter-
view with the President; and it is also in evi-
dence that at or about the same time the Pres-
ident had an interview with General Emory,
from whom he learned that that officer would
not obey a command of the President unless
it passed through General Grant, as required
by law.
The President understood perfectly well that
he could neither obtain force from General
Grant nor transmit an order through General
Grant for the accomplishment of a purpose
manifestly unlawful; and inasmuch as General
Emory had indicated to him in the most dis-
tinct and emphatic manner his opinion that
the law requiring all orders to pass through
the headquarters of the General commanding
was constitutional, indicating also his purpose
to obey the law, it was apparent that at that
moment the President could have had no hope
of obtaining possession of the Department of
War by force. It is a singular coincidence in
the history of this case that at or about the
same time General Thomas had an interview
with the President and came to the conclusion
that it would not be wise to resort to force.
The President has sought to show his good
intention by the fact that, on the 22d or the
24th of February, he nominated Hon. Thomas
Ewing, senior, as Secretary for the Department
of War. Mr. Ewing is not an unknown man.
He has been a member of the Senate aud the
head of the Treasury Department. His abil-
ities are undoubted, but at the time of his nom-
ination lie was in the seventy-ninth year of his
age, and there was no probability that be would
hold the office a moment longer than his sense
of public duty required. It was the old game
of the President—the office in the hands of his
own tool or in the hands of a man who would
gladly vacate it at any moment. This was the
necessity of his position, and throws light upon
that part of his crime which is set forth in the
eleventh article.
For, in fact, bis crime is one—-the subversion
of the Government. From the nature of the
case we are compelled to deal with minor acts
of criminality by which he hoped to consum-
mate this greatest of crimes.
In obedience to this necessity he appointed
Grant, hoping to use him and his influence with
the Army, and failing in this, to get possession
of the place and fill it with one of his own
satellites. Foiled and disappointed in this
scheme, ho sought to use, first, General Sher-
man, then General George H. Thomas, then
Hon. Thomas Ewinpr, senior, knowing that
neither of these gentlemen would retain the
office for any length of time. There were men
in the country who would have accepted the
office and continued in it and obeyed the Con-
stitution and the laws. Has he named any such
person; has he suggested any such person?
His appointments and suggestions of appoint-
ments have been of two sorts—honorable men,
who would not continue in the office, or dis-
honorable, worthless men, who were not fit to
hold the office.
The name of General Cox, of Ohio, was
