THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 23,
in Sellt Lake City, October 22, 1866, about
eleven and a half o'clock, of a remarkably
bright, clear, beautiful night, while the theater
still retained its audience, and travel on the
streets was in fall activity. Jt is bard to con-
ceive of a motive for tlie murder of such a man
as Dr. Robinson. Thirty years or so of age at
the time of his death, massive in his physical
and mental organization, a physician as learned
and skillful, in fact, as he was kind and liberal
in his practice. He was as ready to succor
the poor, without fee or reward, as the rich,
with all the honors and emoluments of the pro-
fession. A devout Christian, without cant or
affectation, Dr. Robinson entered heartily into
the scheme of establishing a mission church
in Salt Lake City, and at the time of his death
was the superintendent of the Congregational
Sunday school in that place. The motive to
his death was probably revenge for an action
of ejectment brought by him against the cor-
poration of Salt Lake City for a tract of land
containing a sulphur spring beyond its environs,
of which he had been dispossessed, his fences
and buildings torn down, and his workmen
driven off by the police of the city. Se#n men
were engaged in his murder ; and their detec-
tion and conviction imperatively demand the
Stern and immediate action of the Federal
Government.
Dr. Robinson, like the Divine Founder of
our religion, of whom it is believed he was a
sincere and faithful follower, and like every man
of sufficient consequence, since murdered, has
been maligned by his murderers. This has
been done from thirst of unsated revenge as
well as to avert suspicion. The lie in this
case was that Dr. Robinson had been gambling
and was killed by one of his own kind. It is
known to this contestant as well as to others,
that Dr. Robinsoa was ignorant of all games
of hazard, as well as of all their apparatus and
devices. That calumny was put forth by the
Mormon leaders and expositors in Salt Lake
City. It shows the guilty authors of Dr. Rob-
inson's murder as clearly as the slime of the
serpent enables the wayfarer to trace him to
his lair. It has been transferred to this Hall,
and this House will be wanting in justice if it
fail to visit its severest animadversion on the
head of the traducer. All who knew Dr. Rob-
inson without prejudice will join in the testi-
mony that rarely, if ever, has there been a
case which more strongly than his enjoins upon
the living a tender regard for the memory of
the dead.
This case, as well as many others, shows the
existence of an organized band of murderers
in (Jtah, as well as an authorized and estab-
lished practice of murder inseparable from the
Mormon system. It was so in Missouri, it was
so iu Nauvoo. It has been and will be so in
Utah until the Federal Government shall stop
it with a strong hand.
This contestant, therefore, above and beyond
the immediate controversy in the present case,
feels it to be his duty urgently but respectfully
to recommend such changes in the laws of Utah
and such action on the part of this House as
shall result in bringing to condign punishment
the actors in these and other outrages, as well
as other violators of the law in that Territory.
Sufficient evidence has been adduced in the
present ease, it is submitted, not only to call
for the immediate investigation and action of
this House, but to indicate very clearly the
proper sources in inquiry. Some allegations
of the sitting Delegate made on page 8 of his
statement filed, demands the notice of this con-
testant even at the risk of prolixity. These
allegations arc as follows:
"The whole course of said people of Utah challenges
history for a parallel in devotiou to that Govern-
ment of which they form a part. Persecuted and
driven from their homes more than twenty years ago,
while stripped of almost everything necessary to life,
and houseless and homeless on the west bank of the
Missouri, they promptly answered the call of the
United States then engaged in a foreign war, fur-
nished all the men asked for soldieis; penniless they
took up their line of march, and westward moved
with their families, theirwives and their little ones;
over barren plains, through hostile bands ot savages;
twelve hundred miles from civilization, after having
endured untold hardships they came to a halt in
what was then a desert. This desert, in this short
space of time, they have filled with more than one
hundred thousand peoplo, and by their industry and
frugality have made it a prosperous land, enabling
them thus to add greatly to the rapid settlement and
development of the country surrounding them. The
very first step taken by the oxpelled exiles afteronoo
being settled in their new homes was to seek to con-
nect themselves again to the Federal Union, and
to ask a government guarantied by its laws; and
although they have been constantly abusod, and
almost continually denounced, even by many who
have held high places, they have nover censed to
seek and cultivate more iutimato relations with the
Government and_ people of the Unitod States, and
no peoplo look forward with moro eagerness and
earnest delight to the completion of that, great work
which is soon to bring them and their onee isolated
country, in reality, almost to the very doors of the
nation's capital."
The principal statement hero made with so
much apparent confidence, and that upon
which the Mormons have always relied more
than upon anything else for sympathy, is their
persecution. That history, which the sitting
Delegate '• challenges " with such a clash of
arms, very clearly shows that the Mormons
never have been persecuted. Upon the death
of Joseph and Hiram Smith the Mormons
principally rest their claim of persecution ; and
upon the same fact they wholly rest the Divine
indignation, communicated to them as they
allege by revelation, which has doomed the
Federal Government to sink beneath the Mor-
mon power. The Mormons allege that both
the Smiths fell by the Illinois gentiles, soldiers
or citizens, or both. Now, Joseph and Iliram
Smith were shot, but not by gentiles. They
did not meet their deaths by the soldiers or
citizens of Illinois. They were shot by a young
Mormon, whose father had been plundered and
his sister dishonored by Joseph Smith. For
prudential reasons the name ot' the young man
is withheld. It can be given, however, and
the proofs produced.
The Mormon system is essentially and posi-
tively hostile to every other, and it places its
own people in direct and inevitable conflict
with every other. The Mormou alternative,
Mormonism or the sword, is as clearly pre-
sented by that system as that of the Koran or
the sword presented by Mohammed for more
than twelve hundred years. In fact that very
alternative and polygamy are borrowed from
Mohammedanism. The Mormon system, by a
most dangerous perversion of a few passages
of Scripture, teaches that all true Mormons
may kill and spoil all gentiles, as well as their
own recreant brethren, whenever necessary to
promote the interests of the Mormon system
or that of its leaders. And in order to carry
these murderous principles into practice the
Mormons have organized a bandof raurdcrsrs,
called the Danite band, which is eoetaneous
with the Mormon system. Abundant proofs
have been presented by the Mormons them-
selves, that thrS murderous band was in full
activity in Missouri as early as 183G and 1837,
and its bloody trail has followed them ever
since. The Mountain Meadow massacre may
be referred to as only one of the many instances
of their sanguinary work.
The Mormon city of Nauvoo was a recep-
tacle of murder and robbery. Many gentiles
entered it and never came out or were heard
of afterward. Nauvoo, while the Mormons
were there, was one vast receptacle of stolen
property from various parts of the State of
Illinois, as the Mormon settlements in Mis-
souri before. It was the habit of the Mor-
mon, or saint, as he calls himself indifferently,
to communicate to his gentile neighbor who
chanced to be the owner of a line farm and
stock, for instance, that God had revealed to
the saint that all the gentiles' property should
belong to him, the saint.. Such is now the
promise of the system and its leaders.
The Nauvoo Legion, a formidable body of
troops, was organized and carefully and osten-
tatiously drilled and disciplined by Joseph
Smith, in Nauvoo, avowedly for purposes of
aggression and conquest, just as the same thing
is done in Utah at the present day. Now, in
Utah this same Nauvoo Legion is plied with j
projects and promises of conquest over the 1
gentiles as extravagant as those of Moham-
med in the zenith of his power. The conclu-
sion which this contestant therefore deduces
from the nature, practice, and history of the
Mormons is that they have not been persecuted.
The force which the Gentiles employed upon
them was no more than a natural read ion
against the unprovoked aggressions of the Mor-
mons themselves. It is i  no just sense a
persecution.
Equally erroneous is the statement of the
sitting Delegate in reference to the employ-
ment of Mormon troops in our war with Mex-
ico. History shows that General William
Kearney and Colonels Doniphan, Fremont,
and Mason, had swept every trace of Mexican
power from every lino of the Mormon exodus,
and far beyond Utah, never to return, early in
1840, at least a year before the movement of
the Mormons from the Missouri river. Ihese
officers had also suspended on the same lines
the operations of the Indians, which were not
resumed for several years.
It was supposed, however, that a movement
of the United States troops from the Missouri
river to and through California, by way of New
Mexico, might secure the quiet of northern
Texas, as well as the other Territories men-
tioned, and make an effective diversion in favor
of Genera! Taylor, and even of General Scott.
A considerable number of Mormons were
known to be preparing to migrate to San Bar-
uardino, and other places in central California,
and it was proposed to embody them in the
forces above described. They were received
accordingly, and these Mormon emigrants thus
accomplished their intended journey in the pay
and subsistence of the United States.
This project of accepting the Mormon troops
originated with the Mormon leaders. It was
one in which the Mormons were unquestion-
ably party. The offer of the Mormon leaders
to employ the Mormons for troops, if not prior
to, was at least simultaneous with that of the
United States Government. The few hundred
Mormons thus employed as troops were sub-
sisted and aided upon their own exact line of
emigration. They experienced none of the
casualties of waif, for they never met an enemy
or fired a shot.
There was one element of gross injustice in
this transaction, not, however, on the part of
the United States, but on that of the Mormon
leaders. It was this : the large sum of money
paid by the Federal Government on account
of the Mormons thus employed as troops was
received by Brigham Young avowedly for their
families and relations. It was, however, appro-
priated by him to his own use, and little or none
of it or of its value ever reached the rightful
beneficial ies.
The Mormons reached Utah in July, 1847,
when the possession of the United States
was complete, permanent, and uncontested.
On their march thither, as well as into Cali-
fornia, they were but remote camp-followers
of the Federal troops. The devotion to the
United States claimed.by the sitting Delegate
for the Mormons has no real existence. Dur-
ing our late civil war not a man or a dollar
was furnished or offered by them to the United
States. Both Colorado and Nevada, with much
smaller populations, furnished large numbers
of troops. 1 he hopes and prayers constantly
expressed and repeated by the Mormon leaders
and expositors were that both sections would
be ruined. The hair-brained reverie of Jo.
Smith, which the Mormon leaders and exposi-
tors proclaim to be an inspired prophecy, that
the Mormons are to succeed to the Constitution
and Government of the United States after
both shall have failed in the hands of the gen-
tiles, is well known to all conversant with
Mormonism.
During our late war the predictions of the
Mormon leaders were constant and emphatic
that the hederal Government ought to and
would fall. Oil one occasion Biighatn Young
declared in a tabernacle harangue:
Ihe Jjorth prays that every northern mi-islla
shall roach some southern heart, and so pray I. The
