2340
THE ("ON(xliKSSIONAL GLOBE.
May I,
nication was addressed to Colonel Shaffer it
can have no significance whatever, and could
not have been intended to influence the mind
or action of the President.
Now, Mr. Speaker, no sane man acts with-
out some motive. This letter was written for
some purpose. It was written to influence the
mind and action of some person—some person
who had a right to exercise some influence with
regard to the control of this island of Alta'
Vela. Colonel Shaffer was already counsel for
the claimants, who are citizens of Baltimore.
His mind was already made up. He had no
power to control the action of the Government
in regard to the seizure of this island and
placing it in possession of the claimants. The
letter, therefore, was not written, and could
not have been written, for the purpose of influ-
encing the mind or action of Colonel Shaffer.
It must have been written to control or influ-
ence the action of some person who had some
power over the course of the Government with
regard to this island. Who was that person ?
Whose mind was it expected, by the managers
and other gentlemen who signed this letter, to
influence? Whose action was to be affected
by their legal opinion in regard to the validity
of the claim ? It was not Colonel Shaffer.
There is not a sane man in this Mouse or in
the country who will come to the conclusion
that this letter was written for the purpose of
influencing the opinion or the action of Colonel
Shaffer, it was to influence the opinion or
action of some other person.
The President of the United States was the
only person whose mind and action it was im-
portant to influence. He was the only person
whose mind and action the claimants could
have desired to influence; and it must have
been for the purpose of bringing to bear some
influence upon the President of the United
States that this letter was written and signed.
The gentleman from California does not, look
at this transaction in its proper light when he
says that it is of an entirely trivial character
and has no significance whatever.
Now, whether for the managers on the part
of the House, occupying the peculiar situation
they did with reference to the House, with
reference to the President, with reference to
the country, to sign a letter which they must
have known at the time was obtained tor the
purpose of influencing the action of the Pres-
identupon so delicate a matterof State as that
of seizing by force an island claimed by a for-
eign country, was a proper or an improper act
is for the House and for the country to decide;
and in deciding it members must act upon their
own judgment and their own responsibility in
casting the votes which they give upon this
resolution. I think it will strike the sense of
every man throughout the country that if this
letter was written and signed after the articles
of impeachment were ordered by the House it
was highly improper 011 the part of the man-
agers, and that it, was an act which is highly
censurable, and ought, at, least, to be censured
and condemned by the House. And for this
reason I shall vote for the resolution offered by
the gentleman from New York.
There is no question now before the House
as to the justice and right of this claim to Alta
Vela, or of the propriety of the action of either
Judge Black or the President,, or indeed of the
correctness of the legal opinion given by these
gentlemen who are managers on the part of the
House. I am inclined myself to think that the
claim is a valid one, and that, these American
citizens should be protected in their rights.
Undoubtedly they should if they have rights in
the premises. But that does not by any means
settle the question now before us for consider-
ation. Did these gentlemen, while acting as
managers on the part of the House for the im-
peachment of the President, attempt, by means
of the paper read, to influence by intimidation,
persuasion, or otherwise, the President to use
the power of the Government and by actual
force to enforce against, a foreign Government
a claim of citizens (Jield by the State Depart-
ment, not to he n valid claim1! to propertv worth
millions; and if they did so, was the act a
proper one 011 their part, or was it not highly
improper and censurable? Could they with
propriety hold any communication with the
President upon such matters while acting in
their office of managers V These are questions
affecting the honor of these gentlemen and the
honor and dignity of the House. They cannot
be covered up or hidden from view by idle
declamation or general disclaimer. It is due
to these gentlemen themselves and due to the
House and the countiy that the real facts of
the case should be developed and settled by
proper evidence, and for these reasons I shall
vote for the resolution. I think it ought to be
adopted.
Mr. BROOKS. I yield now to the gentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. lSi.mtnxje.j
Mr. ELDHIDGE. I desire to say only asingle
word in reply to the gentleman from Califor-
nia, [Mr. llunsY.] He seems to think that
this letter was not, designed to operate upon
the mind of the President. The letter bears
evidence upon its own face that that was its
purpose and object, and if gentlemen recollect
the concluding words of the letter they must
see it. General Buti.icii says, in writing to
Colonel Shaffer:
"I liavo never been able to understand why tho
Exccutivo did not long since assort tho rights of tho
Government to sustain the riprlKiul claim* of its citi-
zens to the possession of the island in the most for-
cible manner consistent with the dignity and power
of the nation."
Now, I insist that the letter shows upon its
faee the purpose and object for which it was
written. But if that were not so, Mr. Speaker,
it' the letter did not be'ar that interpretation,
the question has aheady arisen not only in the
impeachment trial, but it is raised here in this
House, and noithergontlenien 011 the other side
nor the managers can escape the conclusion
that it may possibly have been written for that
purpose.
The newspapers of the country have already
commented upon it, both upon the one side and
upon the other; and the object, let it be re-
membered, of raising this committee is simply
to inquire and ascertain the facts. If it shall
not appear, when this committee shall have
been raised and the testimony shall have been
taken, that this letter was written for the pur-
pose of influencing the mind of the President,
it, may go very far to exculpate the managers
from any charge or inference of wrong against
them growing out of the writing and indorsing
of this letter. 'That is a material fact to bo
ascertained. That is a fact which they should
desire to have ascertained. If they have acted
honorably and honestly and uprightly in this
matter it is for their interest; and 1 shall be
very much surprised if they do not insist upon
the passage of this resolution that inquiry may
be made upon this subject; for their own honor
and their own characters as individuals and as
members of this House, as well as for the char-
acter of the House itself, they ought to rise in
their seats and demand this investigation.
They ought to do it, for their own exculpation,
if they can be exculpated, for the charge has
been made. I make 110 remark that insinuates
i that any intention or purpose of theirs was
wrong. It is not my purpose or desire, it is
not necessary. But the resolution asks for a
committee of inquiry to ascertain the truth of
the charge in which the country is at this time
particularly interested and in which I think
gentlemen in this House, every member of it,
and especially the managers, are particularly
interested.
Mr. BROOKS. How much more time have IV
The SPEAKER. The gentlemen has eight-
een minutes remaining.
Mr. BROOKS. I will yield to my colleague,
[Mr. Chanlek.]
Mr. BROMW15LL. Will the gen tlemau first
yield to me for an inquiry in reference to the
date of the letter?
Mr. BROOKS. Certainly.
Mr. BROMWELL. I understand that the
managers deny that this letter was written
after t.he impeachment,, and T would inquire
of the gentleman from New York what evi-
dence there is that this letter was written after
the impeachment,? I understand that all the
guilt or wrong in the matter would be in its
having been written after the impeachment.
Mr. BROOKS. It is because there was in
the Senate a dispute as to thedate. It is for
that very purpose that I desire the appoint-
ment of this select committee of investigation.
In reply to the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Bkomweli,] I will say that there are two proofs,
or three, or in point of fact there are four
proofs that this is dated March 9. The first
is the letter which I read, with only three sig-
natures, those of the three generals, Bctler,
Logax, and Garfield ; the other was that with
the signatures of two other managers, and of
other gentlemen, whose names I have read,
and whose names were signed to it subse-
quently at a later period than March 9, which
is shown by the letter of Chauncey F. Black,
addressed to the President, which 1 also read
in a former part of this debate. This was the
third proof that the letter was written at that
time. And in addition to all that, is the deposi-
tion of Chauncey F. Black, as set forth in the
report of proceedings of the high court of im-
peachment, and an extract from which I read
a short time ago. All of these things corrob-
orate the fact that this letter was written on
March 9.
The President has two letters dated March
9, the first signed by three gentlemen, the other
signed by five other gentlemen, being a copy of
the first letter, dated March 9, making the proof
irrefutable that the letter was dated March 9.
Mr. OHANLER. Will my colleague yield
to me for a few moments 1
Mr. BROOKS. Certainly.
Mr. OHANLER. This is evidently a ques-
tion of reputation. And as the managers are
engaged in a similar investigation, a very deli-
cate point presents itself to my mind, and that
is in how far the House can challenge the char-
acter of its own officers, engaged in the dis-
charge of a great public duty, until they have
fulfilled the duty delegated to them. If the
gentlemen managers, or the honorable man-
agers are honorable managers, there will be no
question left in the minds of the people of this
country as to whether they have or have not
faltered in their duty and endeavored to treat
with the Executive. They have their own
honor in their own hands; they have the honor
of this House in their hands.
Therefore, if they propose to carry on this
trial honestly and honorably, if they have
begun it with that motive, then they will insist
upon the appointment of this investigating
committee.^ There is no question but that of
reputation in the matter with which this House
has anything to do, until a bill shall be brought
in here to settle the question of title to that
island, and to put it upon the law of nations,
and to place the determination of it upon those
to whom it belongs.
The que.stion of investigation, therefore, is
not a political question. Neither this side of
the House nor the other side of the House
have anything to do with this for the purpose
of making political capital.
Now, sir, my object ill rising at this time is
to say that, so far as this Alta Vela claim is
concerned, there are two sides to it: it is now
ill litigation. And in voting I do not wish to
appear as taking sides with Mr. Black and his
party, or with Mr. White and his party, oY
whoever the other party may be. I shall" vote
on this question as I voted on the demand of
one of the managers [Mr. Locax] with regard
to alleged frauds in the Printing Bureau of the
-treasury Department. An investigation iui-
tinted in the Ihirty-Eighth Congress by mv
colleaguej [^Ir. Brooks,] and defeated in tin*
House at that time, was opened again in this
Congress by one of the honorable managers,
fiom that high sense of honor which has hith-
erto guided him.
I have nothing more to say in regaid to this
question than this : as it is a question of repu-
tation it, is with the gentlemen of the majority
