3364
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
Legislature of the State of California, asking
aid from Congress to improve the harbor of
San Diego, in that State ; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
native grape brandy.
Mr. HIGBY also presented a resolution of
the Legislature of the State of California, ask-
ing Congress to remit or reduce the tax on
native grape brandy; which was referred to
the Committee of Ways and Mea,ns.
■ indian depredations in california.
Mr. HIGBY also presented a resolution of
the Legislature of the State of California, ask-
ing that steps be taken by the General Gov-
ernment to ascertain the losses suffered by citi-
zens of the State in late Indian depredations
and making indemnity for the same ; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
protection to foreign-born citizens.
Mr. HIGBY also presented a resolution of
the Legislature of the State of California, ask-
ing Congress to demand of foreign Govern-
ments full and ample protection to our foreign-
born citizens while temporarily residing under
those Governments ; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
mail route in california.
Mr. HIGBY also presented a resolution of
the Legislature of the Slate of California, ask-
ing for the establishment of a mail route in
said State; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
southern 1'aciitic railroad.
Mr. HIGBY also presented a resolution of
the Legislature of the State of California, ask-
ing Congress to grant the same aid in jands
and subsidies to the southern Pacific railroad
as have been granted to the Union and Cen-
tral Pacific railroads; which was referred to
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
california agricultural college.
Mr. HIGBY also presented a resolution of
the Legislature of California, asking Congress
to allow the State to invest in unencumbered,
productive real estate the proceeds of the one
hundred and fifty thousand acres of land
donated to the State by Congress for the con-
struction of an agricultural and mechanics'
arts college; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Education and Labor.
navigation of tiijs colorado river.
Mr. HIGBY also presented a resolution of
the Legislature of the State of California, ask-
ing Congress to aid Captain Trueworthy, of
San Francisco, to perfect the navigation of the
Colorado river, in the Territory of Arizona;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
land districts in california.
Mr. JOHNSON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1298) to transfer the counties of Sierra
and Nevada from the Sacramento land district
to the Marysville land district; which was read
a first and second time, and, with the accom-
panying papers, referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
settlers upon the public lands.
Mr. WINDOM introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1299) conferring certain rights on settlers on
the public lands of the United States; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
entries under homestead law.
Mr. WINDOM also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1300) authorizing repayments in cases of
illegal entries under the homestead law ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
railroad grant.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada, introduced abill
(H. R. No. 1301) to aid in the construction of
a railroad and telegraph line from the Hum-
boldt to the Colorado river; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be
printed.
indian treaties.
Mr. TAFFB introduced a bill (H*. R. No.
1302) to regulate treaties with Indian tribes ;
which was read a first and second time, aad
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
mail routes in nebraska.
Mr. TAFFB also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1303) to establish certain mail routes in
the State of Nebraska; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
remission of dutv.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 1304) to remit the duty on a
meridian circle imported as a present for the
Astronomical Observatory, Cambridge, Massa-
chusetts; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
islands in great miami river.
Mr. MUNGEN introduced abill (H. R. No.
1305) to repeal an act relative to islands in
the Great Miami river, approved March 2,
1868; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
Mr. MUNGEN also introduced a joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 304) to suspend action
by the General Land Office under the provis-
ions of an act relative to islands in the Great
Miami river, approved March 2, 1868; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
monitor and merrimac.
Mr. GRISWOLD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 130G) allowing prize money to the officers
and crew of the Monitor for the fight with the
Merrimac in Hampton Roads, March 9, 1862;
which was read a first and second time, and,
with the accompanying papers, referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
transportation of united states mails.
Mr. TWICHELL introduced a bill (H. R.
No." 1307) in relation to the transportation of
United States mails by railroad _ companies ;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and ordered to be printed.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The next business in
order, during the remainder of1 the morning
hour, is the call of the States for resolutions,
commencing with the State of Indiana, where
the call rested at the expiration of the morn-
ing hour on Monday last. No resolution was
offered from Indiana.
bridges across the mississippi and ohio.
Mr. IIAUM introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 305) in respect to the construction
of bridges over the Ohio and Mississippi rivers;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. RAUM. I call the previous question
on the joint resolution.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that hereafter all bridges to be construct-
ed, and in process of construction, over the
Ohio and Mississippi rivers, shall be made
with unbroken and continuous spans, and the
span of any such bridge covering the main
channel of the river shall be five hundred feet
in length in the clear.
The question was upon seconding the pre-
vious question; and being taken, upon a divis-
ion, there were—ayes 40, noes 44 ; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Raum, and
Mr. Trimble of Kentucky, were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 46, noes 62.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. I desire to
discuss this joint resolution.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution,
giving rise to debate, goes over under the
rule.
Mr. RAUM. I ask that the joint resolution
be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
leave of absence.
Indefinite leave of absen-ce was granted to
Mr. Van Aernam.
commemoration of union dead.
Mr. LOGAN submitted the following reso-
lution, upon which he called the previous ques-
tion:
Resolved, That the proceedings of the different
cities, towns, &c„ recently held in commemoration
of the gallant heroes who have sacrificed their lives
in defense of the Republic, and the record of the
ceremonial of the docoration of tho honored tombs
of the departed, shall be collected and bound, under
the direction of such person as tho Speaker shall
designate, for the use of Congress, and that a sum
not exceeding $1,000 be appropriated for this pur-
pose out of the contingent fund of the House.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
daily hour of meeting.
Mr. NEWCOMB. I submit the following
resolution, and upon it call the previous ques-
tion :
Resolved, That this House will meet at eleven
o'clock a. m. during the remainder of this session,
and that there shall be two morning hours each day,
when it does not conflict with the present orders of
the House in relation to the tax bill.
The SPEAKER. The latter part of this
resolution in relation to morning hours requires
unanimous consent or asuspension of the rules.
A majority vote can fix the hour of meeting.
Mr. NEWCOMB. Then I move that the
rules be suspended.
The SPEAKER. The rules cannot be sus-
pended during the morning hour.
Mr. NEWCOMB. Then I modify my reso-
lution so that it shall provide only that the hour
of daily meeting for the remainder of the ses-
sion shall be eleven o'clock a. m.
" Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest to the gentle-
man to modify his resolution so as to provide
for evening sessions instead of meeting at eleven
o'clock.
Mr. NEWCOMB. We can do both.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am will-
ing to meet at eleven o'clock until the tax bill
shall have been disposed of. But after that
we will have very little important business to
attend to ; and if we have too much time we
will be left a prey to all sorts of schemes to
rob the public Treasury.
Mr. NEWCOMB. There is a great mass
of business before the committees in which the
public is interested, and which has not yet
been reported.
Mr. BENTON. I move that the resolution
be laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
osage river improvement.
Mr. McCLURG submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public Lands
be, and hereby are, instructed to inquireinto the expe-
diency, utility, and public policy of making a liberal
grant of land, including the vacant land aUng the
coursc of tho Osage river in the State of Missouri, for
the improvement of said river.
Mr. MeCLURG moved to reconsider thevote
by which the resolution was agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
the public debt.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I submit the follow-
ing resolution, and upon it I call the previous
question:
Resolved, That in the opinion of this House the
interests of the country require that the public debt
should be reorganized and reduced to a simple and
uniform system, more easily understood by the people
