1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
438f>
South prays that every southern missile shall reach
some northern heart, and so pray I. Let them kill
each other, all, and the saints will save the women,
the children, and the Constitution."
The response to this by the listeners seemed
to be general.
The chagrin of the Mormon leaders, when
the war terminated ia favor of the North, was
not at all concealed. The event was a falsifi-
cation of all their predictions, and, therefore,
a sore disappointment. When the news of our
rejoicings for the return of peace reached Utah
Biigham Young, in one of his harangues, pro-
claimed with a sane yell of disappointment,
"Let them crow; it will not be long before
that Great Babel, the United States Govern-
ment, itself will fall."
The present and more recent accessions to
Mormouistn are nearly all European peasantry,
from Sweden, Denmark, Wales, and England
proper. On their arrival here they are hurried
by .Mormon agents from the Atlantic to Utah,
and really know but little of the United States.
Once in Utah, they are taught to distrust and
hate our people and Government with all the
intensity of fanaticism. Smith's diatribe, that
the gentiles are to lose and the saints gain the
power under the Constitution, is imposed upon
them as divine revelation. All their teachings
are subservient to this as a ruling idea.
The most horrid calumny and abuse are
indulged by the Mormon leaders and exposit-
ors or the people and every branch of the Gov-
ernment of the United States. A late Morniou
functionary of very high authority declared,
some months before his death, in one of his
Sunday harangues to the Mormon masses, that
"among the gentile population of the United
States more than half a million sons were liv-
ing in incest with their own mothers." This was
received by the Mormon audience as a report
of the morals of our people not to be doubted.
The Federal Government, especially since
the act of 18G2, is made to share largely in this
abuse.
This contestant avers, and wishes it to be
distinctly understood by this House, that all
statements of fact by him made, beyond the
proofs in the case, are, as he is informed and
believes, susceptible of irrefragable proof.
Many of them can be proved by persons now
in this city.
No doubt, as the sitting Delegate says, the
Mormons are desirous of admission into the
Union. They proclaimed that they would be
admitted some years ago, and an unnaturalized
Englishman, as thecontestant is assured, came
from London, and the sitting Delegate came
from Utah to this Capitol as Senators of the
State of Deseret. The Mormons avow their
intention of perpetuating their polygamy, and
placing their other crimes beyond the reach of
judicial inquiry by admission into the Union as
a State.
The population of Utah is grossly exagge-
rated by the statement of the sitting Delegate
as one bundled thousand. It cannot be over
forty-live or fifty thousand at the most. In
1800 the population of Utah, as shown by the
census, was only a trifle over forty thousand.
Since then portions of that population have
been consigned to Nevada, Idaho, and Mon-
tana. Much of it also has emigrated to other
States and Territories and to Europe. The
natural increase of the population of Utah is
not large.
This contestant, in conclusion, begs to refer
briefly to himself. Two years of residence in
Utah placed him in frequent and extensive
contact with the Mormons as well as with the
gentiles. His trade relations with all were
mutually agreeable and profitable until dis-
turbed by the interference of the Mormon
leaders. A careful scrutiny of the condition
of the Territory convinced this contestant th: t
the Delegate instead of representing the true
interests of the people of Utah was elected by
the will of one man for the simple purpose of
concealing or palliating existing evils and
deceiving the Government of the United
States. Thus impressed, and in the absence
of any other candidate, he determined to seek?
election as the Delegate of Utah, and thus
secure the Territory a representation in accord
alike with the true interests of the people of
that Territory and those of the United States.
The experiment was obviously costly and
perilous. It has annihilated the contestant's
business in Utah, it has entailed upon him
much expense and loss of valuable time.
Whatever be the event of this controversy the
contestant will, however, have the enduring
satisfaction of having laid the.wrongs and evils
existing in Utah more fully before this House
than any one had done before him.
Sincerely grateful for the kind indulgence
of the House, the contestant submits his ease
to its judgment.
The first question was upon the following
resolution:
Resolved, That William McOrorty is not entitled
to a seat in this House as a Delegate from the Terri-
tory of Utah.
The question was taken upon the resolution ;
and it was agreed to.
The next question was upon the following
resolution :
Resolved, That William II. Ilooper is entitled to a
seat in this House as a Delegate from the lViritory
of Utah.
Mr. DAWES. I move that that resolution
be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move to reconsider the
votes just taken; and I also move that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. IvELSEY. I move that the House now
take a recess.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
if the House now takes a recess it will be until
ten o'clock a. m. to-morrow, at which time,
by the unanimous order of the House, the
session of to day will be resumed, and the
House will procepd to the consideration of
business on the Speaker's table. As that busi-
ness will probably occupy the time up to twelve
o'clock, or the commencement of the legisla-
tive day of to-morrow, members should be in
attendance.
The question was taken upon the motion for
a recess ; and it was agreed to.
Accordingly (at five o'clock and ten minutes
p. m.) the House took a recess to ten a. m.
to-morrow.
AETKR RECESS.
The House reassembled at ten o'clock a. m.,
[Friday, July 24.]
The SPEiVKEU announced as the regular
order the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table.
temporary loax certificates.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, by unan-
imous consent, reported from the Committee
of Ways and Means a bill (S. No. 543) to pro-
vide for a further issue of temporary loan cer-
tificates for the purpose of redeeming and
retiring the remainder of the outstanding com-
pound-interest notes.
The bill provides that for the sole purpose
of redeeming and retiring the remainder oE the
compound-interest notes outstanding, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is authorized and directed
to issue an additional amount of temporary
loan certificates, not exceeding $25,000,000;
said certificates to bear interest at the rate of
three percent, per annum, principal and inter-
est payable in lawful money, on demand, and
to be similar in all respects to the certificates
authorized by the act entitled ''An act to pro-
vide ways and means for the payment of com-
pound-interest notes," approved March 2,1SG7;
and these certificates may constitute and be
held by any national bank holding or owning
the same, as a part of the reserve, in accord-
ance with the provisions of the above-mentioned
act of March 2, 1867.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which th« bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE EXPENSES.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to report from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations for consideration at
the present time, as in Committeeof the Whole,
a bill providing for the pay of temporary clerks
in the State and Interior Departments, (this
appropriation having been overlooked when
the regular appropriation bill passed,) and also
making a small appropriation for the surveyor
general's office in Utah, that office not having
been created when our regular appropriations
were made.
There being no objection,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, reported
from the Committee on Appropriations a bill
(H. R. No. 1448) making appropriations for
certain executive expenses of the Government
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1869; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill makes the following appropriations:
$20,200 for the employment of temporary clerks
in the Indian Bureau, as follows: One clerk
at $1,600 per annum; six clerks at $1,400 per
annum ; seven clerks at $1,200 per annum, and
two female copyists at $900 per annum. Ten
thousand dollars for the employment of tempo-
rary clerks in the State Department at a com-
pensation of $1,200 each per annum; $9,000,
or so much thereof as may bo necessary, to pay
the salary, office expenses, and clerk hire of the
surveyor general of Utah Territory, in accord-
ance with the provisions of the act of July 16,
1868.
Mr. MULLINS. I hope the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] will allow
me to offer an amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
think 1 can yield for any amendment; but let
the gentleman's proposition be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Add 05 a new section the following:
He it enacted, &c.. That it shall be the duty of tho
commanding general of the fourth military district
to ascertain the cost to the United States (for the
year ending July 4, 1868) of maintaining law and
order and civil government in Mississippi^ and pro-
tecting Joyal citizens in their rights; and it shall be
his further duty to levy and collect a tax upon the
property in the State sufficient to defray said ex-
penses.
The SPEAKER. That amendment is not
germane to this bill.
Mr. MULLINS. I thought it might be in
order when we are acting as in Committee of
the Whole.
The SPEAKER. It would not be in order
in Committee of the Whole, because the per-
tinency of amendments with reference to the
scope of the bill is generally determined by
the title ; and thi3 is entitled "A bill making
appropriations for certain executive expenses
of the Government for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1869."
Mr. KELSEY. Mr. Speaker, is this bill
now being considered as in Committee of tho
Whole ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. KELSEY. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts why the sum of $10,000 is ap-
propriated for temporary clerks in the State
Department when several persons who are
nominally clcrks in that Department are absent
and have been for one or two years, discharging
no duty ? They are regular clerks and excused
from duty. Now, this appropriation is asked
for temporary clerks to perform duties they
1 ought to discharge here.
! Ml'. POMEROY. Will the gentleman yield
| to me for a question?
Mr. KELSEY. My colleague can afford me
i the information I desire if the gentleman from
! Massachusetts cannot. I will ask him whether
i the clerk who lias charge of preparing commer-
i cial statistics—I believe that is the designa-
! lion—has not spent his entire time, with the
I exception of one or two weeks, m the city ot
1 Auburn, where my colleague resides .
