1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3365
than it is in its present complicated form, and that
the interest on the debt should be reduced, and that
for this purpose the Committee of Ways and Means
are instructed to prepare and report to the House at
as early a day as possible a bill providing for the
funding of the public debt and tho reduction of the
rate of interest thereon in such manner and to such
an extent that taxation may be reduced and equal-
ized as far as possible consistently with good faith to
national creditors and justice to the people.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the gentleman
will modify that resolution so as to insert the
word "reconstructed" in place of the word
"reorganized." It will correspond with our
habits here.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I demand the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. rRUYN. I want it referred to the
Committee of "Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER. It is referred to that
committee with instructions.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope the word "re-
quested" will be inserted instead of "in-
structed."
Mr. WARD. I think the committee ought
to be instructed.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I insist on the reso-
lution in its present form.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that the resolu-
tion b§ laid upon the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SPALDING. I withdraw the motion
to lay upon the table for the present.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
reconsider the vote by which the previous ques-
tion was seeonded.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
60, noes 36.
Mr. WARD. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Holman, and
Mr. Washburne of Illinois, were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 60, noes 40.
So the motion was agreed to.
The question then recurred on seconding the
previous question, and it was refused.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that the resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee of Ways and
6£tnS
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. This motion to refer to the
Committee of Ways and Means defeats the
resolution, and I therefore demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken 5 and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 67, nays 69, not voting
53; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, Bailey,
Baldwin, Banks, Beaman, Bingham, Blaine, Blair,
Boutwell, Brooks, Churchill, Coburn, Cornell, Co-
vode, Delano, Driggs, Eliot, Ferriss, Fields, Garfield,
Griswold, Hawkins, Higby, Hill, Hooper, Hulburd,
Jenckes, Koontz, George V. Lawrence, Lynch, Mar-
vin, Maynard, McCarthy, Mercur, Moore, Morrell,
Mullins, Mungen, Myers, O'Neill, Paine, Plants, Po-
land. Pomeroy, Pruyn, Robertson, Sawyer, Schenck,
Sheliabarger, Smith, Spalding, Starkweather, Thad-
deus Stevens, Stokes,Taffe, Taylor, Twichell, Upson,
Van Wyck.Cadwalader C.Washburn,ElihuB. Wash-
burne, William B. Washburn, Thomas Williams,
James F. Wilson, and Woodbridge—67.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Axtell, Baker,
Beatty, Beck, Benjamin, Benton. Boyer, Buokland,
Butler, Cary, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Cook. Cullom, Donnelly, Eckley, Eg-
gleston, Ela, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Ferry, Fox,
Oetz, Glossbrenner, Golladay, Gravely, Grover,
Haighfc, Harding, Holman, Hotchkiss, Humphrey,
Ingersoll, Johnson, Judd, Julian, Kelsey, Kerr,
Knott, Loan, Logan, Loughridge, Mallory, McClurgr,
McCormick, Newcomb, Niblack.Orth, Pike.Polsley,
Price, Raum, Scofield, Shanks, Stewart,Tabor, Law-
rence S. Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Trump, Ward,
Henry D.Washburn, Welker, William Williams, John
T. Wilson, and Woodward—69. *
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Barnes, Barnum, Bromwell,
Broomall, Burr, Cake, Dawes, Dixon, Dodge, r mney,
Halsey, Hopkins, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D.
Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hunter, Jones, Kel-
ley, Ketcham, Kitchen, Laflin, William Lawrence,
Lincoln, Marshall, McCuilougn, Miller, Moorhead,
TlT ■   AT I a 1 \T "l ) rt *« vrt O a ^ ai*o n Ol fl.C.
Van Aernam, Van Auken. Burt Vail Horn, Robert
T. Van Horn, Stephen J:'. Wilson, Windom, and
Wood—53.
So the House refused to refer the resolution
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. WARD moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills and joint resolution.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills and joint
resolution of the following titles; when the
Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 450) relative to filing reports
of railroad companies ;
An act (S. No. 426) for the relief of Thomas
Crossley;
An act (S. No. 184) granting a pension to
Mrs. Ann Corcoran ; and
Joint resolution (S. E. No. 134) authorizing
a change of mail service between Fort Aber-
crombie and Helena.
currency debt.
Mr. PRICE offered the following resolution;
and demanded the previous question thereon:
Resolved, That the Committee on Appropriations
beinstructed to inquire into the expediency of appro-
priating $50,000,000, to take up tho matured and
maturing indebtinent of the United States, -which
is payable in currency, as the same may become due;
said amount to be taken from the coin in the Treas-
ury, to be sold for that purpose, as needed, by public
proposal, and providing by law that no new indebt-
ment shall be incurred on the part of the United
States, by the sale or issue of its bond,s, notes or other
securities, until the coin reserve in the Treasury is
reduced to $25,000,000; said committee to report by
bill or otherwise.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask my colleague to
modify the resolution so as to instruct the com-
mittee. I think it should be so modified.
Mr. BLAINE. I do not think that ought to
be done. Does the gentleman wish that the
committee should be instructed ?
Mr. PRICE. I think it is better as it is.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. It instructs the Com-
mittee on Appropriations; it should be the
Committee of Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER. Such resolutions gener-
ally go to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. PRICE. I prefer it should go to the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. SPALDING. I give notice that if the
previous question is voted down I shall move
to amend by inserting the Committee of Ways
and Means.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 40, noes 64.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. SPALDING. I now move to amend
by insertingthe Committee of Ways and Means;
and I renew the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded—ayes
seventy-three, noes not counted.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to lay the reso-
lution on the table.
The motion was disagreed to.
The main question was then ordered; and
the question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Spalding, it was agreed to. _
The question recurred on agreeing to the
resolution as amended.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
warehousing system.
Mr. MORRELL, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Manufactures, reported
a bill (H. R. No. 1308) to modify the ware-
housing system; which was read a first and
second time, ordered to be printed, together
with the accompanying report, and recom-
mitted to the committee.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
removal of disabilities.
The House resumed the consideration ofthe
motion to reconsider the vote by which the
report of the committee of conference on the
bill (H. R. No. 1059) to relieve certain citizens
of North Carolina of disabilities was rejected,
the consideration of the question being post-
poned till to-day,'on which Mr. Broomall was
entitled to the floor.
Mr. BROOMALL. I do not desire to occupy
the time of the House upon this matter after
the somewhat lengthy debate on Friday last. I
wish first to have a vote taken on the question
of reconsideration, which the House may or
may not make a test vote.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, will a ma-
jority vote be sufficient for a reconsideration?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. BROOMALL. It will probably be a
test vote ; I would like to have it such.
The SPEAKER. A majority can agree to
an amendment, and upon any vote up to the
very last, except upon the passage of the bill.
Any auxiliary motion, therefore, like the motion
to reconsider, requires only a majority vote.
Mr. BROOMALL. I will call for a vote on
the motion to reconsider, and reserve my right
to the floor until the present motion is acted
upon. I demand the previous question.
Mr. BROOKS. I understand the gentleman
to say he considers the vote on the question of
reconsideration a test vote. Am I right 1
Mr. BROOMALL. Yes, sir.
Mr. BROOKS. Well, I shall vote to recon-
sider, in the hope that Mr. Jones, of Ten-
nessee, and Mr. Houston, of Alabama, will be
put in.
Mr. BROOMALL. That far it will not be
a test vote.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and the question being
taken there were—ayes 90, noes 19.
So the vote by which the report was rejected
was reconsidered.
The question again recurred on agreeing to
the conference report.
Mr. BROOMALL. I yield for a few moments
to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logan.]
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I desire to take
up only a very few moments of the time of the
House, but inasmuch as I intend to vote for
this bill I thought it was due at least that I
should have a chance to explain the reasons
why I do so. At the time the bill was before
the House originally I opposed it, and stated
my opposition to one of the names that appear
in this bill. Not having changed my views at
all in regard to the policy that should be
adopted in reference to relieving from disabili-
ties persons who have been engaged in the
rebellion, I feel constrained to vote now for
this bill, for the reasons which I will state.
First, the Chicago convention, when, it assem-
bled, admitted as a delegate Governor Brown,
of Georgia, and he was recognized in that con-
vention and made a speech, to the convention.
The same convention passed a resolution which
has become a part of the platform of the Re-
publican party, suggesting the relieving of per-
sons from their disabilities who have given
evidence to the country that they are willing
to adhere to the Government as loyal men. I
do not give the language of the resolution, but
that is the substance of it. That being the case,
I feel it to be my duty, acting with the Repub-
lican party, under the circumstances, these
names having been examined by the committee
and reported on favorable, to vote for the bill. I
feel that, as a party man, I am acting under
instructions given in our platform by delegates
from all parts of this nation, States and Terri-
tories, assembled for the purpose of enuncia-
ting to the people of this country the principles
on which they will stand in the campaign before
the country. Believing it to be the true ana
proper spirit to act on, when my party has de-
cided I am willing to lay aside my prejudices
and my own views for the purpose of harmon-
izing on this question ; and I shall vote tor the
bill.
