2342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
thrown before the country in a light to induce
people to believe that we signed a recommend-
ation for a claim, when the gentlemen who
hatched this thing all knew there was no such
recommendation.
Then what did we sign ? A mere opinion as
to the right of this Government to protect its
citizens in taking guano from the island of Alta
Vela. That is all there is in it. We had a
right to give guch an opinion. I did it., not as
a member of Congress. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Ciiaxlek] says we have to
vote upon this matter. He knows that it is not
so. He knew when he made that statement
that it imported that which was not a verity ;
that lie was suggesting to the country that
■which in itself was false; that there was no
vote to bo taken by this Congress upon any
claim of this kind, or ho ought to know it.
Then why state things to the country in a false
light?
Mr. BROOKS. I desire to get the gentle-
man right, if ho will permit me.
Mr. LOGAN. I was speaking of the other
gentleman from New York.
Mr. CHANLER. There was no "other
gentleman from New York " who has spoken
upon this subject but myself. I would ask the
gentleman from Illinois if he referred to me.
Mr. LOGAN. I say thijt when the gentle-
man said wc signed a document in reference to
a claim upon which we would have to vote in
this Congress he stated that which was not
true, because there is no such claim before
Congress.
Mr. CHANLER. I beg pardon ; if the gen-
tleman will allow me I will state what 1 did
say.
Mr. LOGAN. I cannot yield.
• Mr. CHANLER. I deny that I said any
such thing. On the contrary, I said that this
was a question not of title, but purely a question
of reputation, and that we could not act upon
any question relative to Alta Vela until a bill
■was brought in here based upon the law of
nations to test the title. That is what I said.
Mr. LOGAN. Then I misunderstood the
gentleman.
Mr. CHANLER. I wanted to avoid enter-
ing at all into this question. I simply desired
to counteract the effect of the remarks made
by the gentleman from California, [Mr. Higiiy,]
which were calculated to induce gentlemen on
the other side of the House not to speak in
reply to this charge.
Mr. LOGAN. That is satisfactory. I mis-
understood the gentleman. I thought he spoke
of this as a question to be voted upon by Con-
gress. Now, sir, if this is a question which is
never to be acted upon by Congress, how could
there be anything wrong in a member of Con-
gress signing an opinion upon the subject? I
have my opinions as amemberofCongrcssand
as an individual and as a lawyer. I may give my
opinion as a lawyer, though not as an attorney
in a particular case. I am not an attorney
in this case; I never expect or intend to be.
But, sir, I want, to answer tlie insinuation of
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks.]
He has insinuated that this is a claim in which
there is something corrupt, something wrong,
and that therefore it should be investigated.
Mr. CHANLER. Will the gentleman from
Illinois, when ho speaks of the "gentleman
from New York," please designate to which
gentleman he refers?
Mr. LOGAN, i refer now to the gentleman's
colleague, [Mr. Brooks.]
Mr. CHANLER. I only wanted to know if
the gentleman was referring to me.
Mr. LOGAN. If these gentlemen will let me
alone until I get through I shall finish much
sooner; I am sure I did not bother either of
them during the course of their remarks. But,
sir, I understand this whole programme per-
fectly, and I think I shall explain myself so as
to be understood by the country. I think they
will be perfectly understood by the country,
and I know I shall be.
Now, sir, so far as regards signing this letter
with the view to its going before the President
of the United States, I deny it. _1 say I never
signed it for the purpose of having it before
the President. But I will tell the gentleman
what, perhaps, he knows already, but has not
stated. I never talked to Mr. Jeremiah Black
about this case in my life. I do not think that
during my whole life I have over spoken to him.
I would know him if I saw him on the street;
but that is the extent of my knowledge of him.
Yv'ilh his son, Chauncey F. Black, I had no
acquaintance until recently, and the acquaint-
ance I have formed with him has been merely
casual.
Colonel Shaffer I know well; and he, as I
have already remarked, came to me with this
letter. I read it, and I signed it, not with any
intention that it should go before the Presi-
dent., but upon the statement of Colonel Shaf-
fer that ho had an interest in the claim, and
that he would like to have the opinion of
persons who had examined the claim, as to
the validity of the title of the Government., or
whether the Government had a right to exer-
cise jurisdiction. This explains my whole
reason in signing that letter; this is all I in-
tended when I signed it.
Let me state what Mr. Chauncey P. Black
told me, and I have no doubt he will tell the
same to the gentleman himself. After this
letter was brought out before the Senate by
Mr. Nelson I sent for Mr. Black. I sent Col-
onel Shaffer for him. I asked Mr. Black why
be had sent that letter to the President? Mr.
Black told me that he had done it without the
knowledge of his father or of anybody else;
but that the President had told him and his
father over and over again that he would make
the order they desired; he had promised to
make such an Older. And Mr. Black said to
me, "Now, Mr. Logan, I thought that inas-
much as Colonel Shaffer had those letters,
probably it might bo of some advantage to
send them to the President; and I did so. I
did not think anything about the position you
were in, or I would not have done so." This
is the statement lie made when I asked him
why he had taken such a liberty as this. He
said that lie had done it without consulting with
his father or with any one of us, which is cer-
tainly the fact, so far as I am concerned.
Hence this letter went to the President with-
out my knowledge, and I signed it with no in-
tention that it should ever be laid before the
President.
What else? Why, the President has acted
in this case as he always acts. Mr. Black tells
me that Mr. Johnson suggested to him to get
the names of some members of Congress to a
paper in order to authorize him to do this thing,
and at that suggestion of the President Mr.
Black came here and got Mr. Garfiei,d and
others to sign it. That is what Mr. Black told
me, and I guess it is the fact. And the very
minute he gets the names of these men to that
paper, what docs he do? He turns round and
puts you forward as a catspaw in order to say
to the country that these men are trying to
influence him and publishes the letter. He
himself, by a trick, got the names of the two
other managers, Mr. Bixgha.m and Mr. Ste-
ven's. Mr. Stevens and Mr. Bixgiiam signed
it long after Mr. Butler and I signed it, be-
cause Mr. Black told me himself that at the
suggestion of the President he got the names
of some members of Congress. He came down
here himself and got these names to that paper
without their knowing that it was to be used in
any way whatever. These are the facts about
| it, and either it was a trick of the President,
and your trick, or else you are a catspaw of
the President.
Now, this is the conduct on the part of the
President, and this is the conduct on the part
of these gentlemen whom he is using here in
order to try and attack the character of the
members of the board of managers before the
country. This, sir, is all there is in this case.
This is all the connection I ever had with it,
and all that I ever knew about it. I signed
that letter without any intent whatever, with-
out any knowledge whatever that it was to go
before the President, and I presume that was
the case with every one of the managers who
did sign it. Let me say to the gentleman from
New York that I have refused for two years
to sign any paper of any character whatever
either for man or woman that was to go before
the President when I knew it. No paper can
be produced that I ever signed with any inten-
tion that it should go before him, because I
did not want him to have my name to any-
thing, and he never had it with my consent.-
Mr. ROSS. I would like to know, for in-
formation, whom this recommendation was
intended to influence?
Mr. LOGAN. Oh, I will explain to the
gentleman. It was not intended to influence
anybody, but merely to give Colonel Shaffer an ■
opinion as to his rights or the right ot the
United States to protect the American citizens
on the island of Alta Vela. _ That was all. It
was merely for liis satisfaction. That is all it
was to influence. Is every letter that is writ-
ten or everything that is signed to influence
somebody? Does the gentleman from Illinois,
the musical gentleman, the gentleman who
gets up so much "laughter" in this House,
presume that I could influence the President
of the United States?
Mr. ROSS. I merely asked for information.
Mr. LOGAN. Ah! Why he knows that
Andrew Johnson would not be influenced by
what I might do any more than I would be by
what the gentleman from Illinois might, do.
Mr. ROSS. I did not know but that as you
were prosecuting him you might have some
influence.
Mr. LOGAN. Now, there is an insinuation
that could come only from a base heart.
The SPEAKER. That remark, the Chair
will state, is not parliamentary if the gentle-
man refers to his colleague.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well, sir, I withdraw
it. But I will say this, that if I were to insin-
uate against a gentleman that because he was
prosecuting a man he would sign a paper to
influence him I would have a base heart. I
will say that, sir.
Now, sir, I say to these gentlemen that they
have made all out of this case that I presume
they can make. They want a committee to
investigate. Why, I am ready to be investi-
gated at any time so far as I am concerned.
But what do you want to investigate ? Do you
want to investigate the fact whether we signed
the letter or not? We acknowledge that we
signed it ? Do you want to investigate the fact
who the letter was addressed to? There it is
on the face of it. W hat do you want to invest-
igate? What do you want to know? For
base party purposes these men would destroy
the reputation of men as honorable as they are
if they only had the power.
_ Mr. CHANLER. I ask the gentleman to
yield. I do not want him t.o be always retract-
ing and repeating. If he will recollect what
he has just said—that "these men" have asked
for this_ investigation, not from any personal
regard for the President, nor from any regard
for the managers themselves, or for the House
whom the managers represent—he charges that
• these men " would, if they had the power,
destroy the reputation of some four persons;
and when he says that he certainly does not
know what he is saying or he does not mean
what he says.
Mr. LOGAN. I cannot yield to the gentle-
man any longer.
Mr. CHANLER. The object of this resolu-
tion is_ to enable the managers to remove the
suspicion which rests upon them.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not yield any longer. In
conclusion, allow me to say this, so far as I am
concerned : any insinuation that I have or ever
had any interest in this Alta Vela matter, either
directly or indirectly, remotely or in expeet-
ancj, or m any manner that mind can imagine,
or that I signed that letter with any intent to
influence the President, or that he would see
it, or have any knowledge of it in any way
whatever, is taise, let it be stated by whom it
may. I have stated the facts correctly, as they
