284
SUPPLEMENT TO
ration to ill© Union under such circumstances
that, as a section of the country and an in-
terest in the country, they should possess and
exercise that power which the slaveholders
of the South possessed and exercised previous
to the rebellion. These men have been bound
to bira by the strong bonds of hope, fear, and
ambition. The corruptions of the public ser-
vice have enriched multitudes of his adherents
and quickened and strengthened the passion
of avarice in multitudes more. These classes
of men, possessing wealth and influence in
many cases, have exerted their power to close
up every avenue of information. Hcnce the
efforts of the committees of the House of
Representatives and the efforts of the Man-
agers to ascertain the truth and to procure tes-
timony which they were satisfied was in exist-
ence have been defeated often by the devices
and machinations of those who in the North
and in the South are supposed to be allied to
the President. There can, however, be no
doubt that the President in every way open to
him used his personal and official influence
to defeat the ratification of the constitutional
amendment. Evidence of such disposition and
of the fact also is found in the telegraphic
correspondence of January, 18G7, between Mr.
Johnson and Lewis E. Parsons, who had been
previon <ly appointed Governor of Alabama by
the President. It is as follows:
Montgomery, Alabama, January 17,1867.
Legislature in session. Efforts milking to recon-
sider vote on constitutional amendment. Report
from Washington says it is probable an enabling act
will pass. Wo do not know what to believe. I find
nothing here. LEWIS IS. PARSONS,
Jfachailge Hotel.
Ilis Excellency Andrew Johnson, President.
United States Military TnLHOBArii,
Executive Offiok.
Washington, D. C„ January 17, 1887.
What possible good can be obtained by reconsider-
ing the eons ti tut lonal a mend men t ? 1 know ot none in
the present po-ture ot affairs; and I do not believo
the people of tho whole country will sustain any set
of individuals in attempts to change the wholochar-
aeter of our Government by enabling acts or other-
wise. I believe, on the contrary, that they will event-
ually uphold all who have patriotism and courage to
stand by the Constitution and who place their confi-
dence in the people. Thereshould bo no fafteringon
tho part of those who are honest in thoir determina-
tion to sustain the several coordinate departments
of tho Government in accordance with its original
design. ANDREW JOHNSON.
Hon. Lnwis E. Parsons, Montgomery. Alabama.
This correspondence shows his fixed purpose
to defeat the congressional plan of reconstruc-
tion. Pursuing the subject further it is easy
to discover ana comprehend his entire scheme
of criminal ambition. It was no less than this:
to obtain command of the War Department
and of the Army, and by their combined power
to control the elections of 1808 in the ten States
not yet restored to the Union. The congres-
sional plan of reconstruction contained as an
essential condition the extension of the elective
franchise to all loyal male citizens, and the
exclusion from the franchise of a portion of
those who had been most active in originating
and carrying on the rebellion. The purpose
of Mr. Johnson was to limit the elective fian-
cliise to white male citizens, and to permit the
exercise of it by all such persons without re-
gard to their disloyalty. If he could secure
the control of the Wat- Department and of the
Army it would be entirely practicable, and not
only practicable but easy, for him m the coming
elections quietly to inaugurate a policy through-
out the ten States by which the former rebels,
strengthened by the support of the Executive
here, and by the military forces distiibuted
over the South, would exclude from the polls
every colored man and permit the exercise of
the elective franchise by every white rebel.
By these means he would be able to control
the entire vote of the ten rebel States ; by the
same means, or indeed by the force of the facts,
he would be able to secure the election of dele-
gates to the Democratic national convention
favorable to his own nomination to the Presi-
dency. The vote of these ten States in the
convention, considered in connection with the j
fact that he and his friends could assure dele- I
gates from other sections of the country that,
if he were nominated, he could control beyond
peradventure the electoral vote of these ten
States, would have secured his nomination.
This he confidently anticipated. Nor, indeed,
can there be much doubt that this scheme
would have been successful; but it was apparent
that there was no possibility of his obtaining
the control of the War Department and of the
Army unless he could disregard and break
down the act regulating the tenure of certain
civil offices, passed March 2, 1807. If, how-
ever, ho could annul or disregard or set aside
the provisions of that act, then the way was
open for the successful consummation of his
plan. With thousands and tens of thousands
of office holders, scattered all over the coun-
try, depending upon him for their offices and
for the emoluments of their offices, he would
be able to exert a large influence, if not abso-
lutely to control the nominations of the Demo-
cratic party in every State of the Union. With
the War Department in his hands, and the ten-
uro-of-office act broken down, he would be
able to remove General Grant, General Sher-
man, General Sheridan, or any other officer,
high or low, who, in liis opinion, or upon the
facts, might be an obstacle in his way. With
the Army tlms corrupted- and humiliated, its
trusted leaders either driven from the service
or sent into exile in distant parts of the coun-
try, he would be able to wield the power of
that vast organization for his own personal
advantage.
Under these circumstances it was not prob-
able merely, but it was as certain as anything
in the future could be, that he would secure,
first, the nomination of the Democratic party
in the national nominating convention; and
secondly, that he would secure the electoral
votes of these ten States. This being done, he
had only to obtain enough votes from the States
now represented in Congress to make a ma-
jority of electoral votes, and he would defy the
llouse and Senate should they attempt to reject
the votes of the ten States, and this whether
those States had been previously restored to the
Union or not. In a contest with the two Houses
he and his friends and supporters, including
the War Department, the Treasury Department,
and the Array and Navy, would insist that he
had been duly elected President, and by the
support of the War Department, the Treasury
Department, the Army, and tho Navy, he would
have been inaugurated on the 4th of March
next President of the United States for four
years.
That the President was and is hostile to Mr.
Stanton, and that he desired his removal from
office, there is no doubt; but he has not as-
sumed the responsibility which now rests upon
him, he has not incurred the hazard of his
present position, for the mere purpose of grat-
ifying his personal feelings toward Mr. Stan-
ton. He disregarded the tenure-of-ollice act;
he first suspended and then removed Mr. Stan-
ton from the office of Secretary for the De-
partment of War; he defied the judgment of
and the advice and authority of the Senate;
he incurred the risk of impeachment by the
House of Representatives, and trial and con-
viction by this tribunal, under tho influence of
an ambition unlimitedaud unscrupulous, which
dares anything and everything necessary to its
gratification. For the purpose of defeating the
congressional plan of reconstruction he has
advised and encouraged the people of the
South in the idea that he would restore them
to their former privileges and power: that he
would establish a white man's Government;
that he would exclude the negroes from all
participation in political affairs ; and, finally,
that he would accomplish in their behalf what
they had sought by rebellion, but by rebellion
had failed to secure. Hence it is through his
agency and by his influence the South has
been given up to disorder, rapine, and blood-
shed; hence it is that since the surrender of
Lee and Johnston thousands of loyal men,
black and white, have been murdered in cold
blood or subjected to cruelties and tortures
sueh as in modern times have been perpetrated
only by savage nations and in remote parts of
the world ; hence it is that twelve million peo-
ple are without law, without order, unprotected
in their industry or their rights; hence it is
that ten States are without government and
unrepresented in Congress; hence it is that
the people of the North are even now uncer-
tain whether the rebellion, vanquished in the
field, is not finally to be victorious in the coun-
cils and in the Cabinet of tho country ; hence
it is that the loyal people of the entire Union
look upon Andrew Johnson as their worst
enemy ; hence it is that those who participated
in the rebellion, and still hope that its power
may once more be established in the country,
look upon Andrew Johnson as their best friend,
and as the last and chief supporter of the views
which they entertain.
The House of Kepresentatives has brought
this respondent to your bar for trial, for con-
viction, and for judgment; but the House of
Representatives, as a branch of the legislative
department of the Government, has no special
interest in these proceedings. It entered upoii
them with great reluctance, after laborious and
continued investigation, and only upon a con-
viction that the interests of the country were
in peril, and that there was no way of relief
except through the exercise of the highest
constitutional power vested in that body. We
do not aopeal to this tribunal because any spe-
cial right of the House of Representatives has
been infringed, or because the just powers of
or the existence of the House are in danger,
except as that body must always participate
in tlie good or ill fortune of the country. They
have brought this respondent to your bar, and
here demand his conviction in the belief, as
the result of much investigation, of much de-
liberation, that the interests of this country
are no longer safe in his hands.
But the House of Representatives, repre-
senting the people of the country, may very
properly appeal to this tribunal, constituted,
as it is, exclusively of Senators representing
the different States of this Union, to maintain
the constitutional powers of the Senate. To
be sure, nothing can injuriously affect the
powers and the rights of the Senate which
does not affect injuriously the rights of the
House of Representatives, and of the people
of the whole country; but it may be said with
great truth that this contest is first for the
preservation of the constitutional powers of
this branch of the Government. By your
votes and action, in concurrence with the
House of Representatives, the bill "regulating
the tenure of certain civil offices'' was passed
and became a law, and this notwithstanding
the objections of the President thereto and his
argument against its passage. On a subse-
quent occasion, when you considered the sus-
pension of Mr. Stanton and the message of the
President, in which, by argument and by state-
ments, he assailed the law in question, yon
asserted its validity and its constitutionality
by refusing to concur in the suspension of Mr.
Stanton. On a more recent occasion, when
he attempted to remove Mr. Stanton from
office, you, by solemn resolution, declared
that his action therein was contrary to the
laws and to the Constitution of the country.
From the beginning of the Government this
body has participated under the Constitution
and by virrue of the Constitution in all matters
pertaining to appointments to office; and, by the
universal practice of the country, as well be-
fore the passage of the tenure-of-oflice act as
since, no removal of any officer whose appoint-
ment was by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, has been made dining a session
of the Senate, with your knowledge and sanc-
tion, except by the nomination of a successor,
whose nomination was confirmed by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate. Mr.
Johnson, in presence of this uniform constitu-
tional practice of three quarters of a century
and against the express provisions of the ten-
ure-of-office act, made in this particular in
entire harmony with that practicc, asserts now,
