THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
absolutely, the unqualified power to remove
every officer in the country without the advice
or consent of the Senate.
Never in the history of any free government
has there been so base, so gross, so unjustifi-
able an attempt upon the part of an executive,
whether emperor, king, or President, to destroy
the just authority of another department of
the Government.
The House of Representatives has not been
indifferent to this assault; it has not been
unmindful of the danger to which you have
been exposed ; it has seen, what you must ad-
mit, that without its agency and support you
■were powerless to resist these aggressions, or
to thwart, in any degree, the purposes of this
usurper. In the exercise of their constitutional
power of impeachment they have brought him
to your bar ; they have laid before you the evi-
dence showing conclusively the nature, the
extent, and the depth of his guilt. You hold
this great, power in trust, not for yourselves
merely, but for all your successors in these
high places, and for all the people of this coun-
try. You cannot fail to discharge your duty ;
that duty is clear. On the one hand it is your
duty to protect, to preserve, and to defend your
own constitutional rights, but it is equally your
duty to preserve the laws and institutions of
the country, it is your duty to protect and
defend the Constitution of the United States,
and the rights of the people under it: it is your
duty to preserve and to transmit unimpaired to
your successors in these places all the consti-
tutional rights and privileges guarantied to
this body by the form of government under
which we live. On the other hand, it is your
duty to try and convict the accused, if guilty,
and to pronounce judgment upon the respond-
ent. that all his successors, and all men who
asoire to the office of President in time to
come, may understand that the House of Rep-
resentatives and the Senate will demand the
strictest observance of the Constitution ; that
tiioy will hold every man in the presidential
office responsible for a rigid performance of his
public duties.
Nothing, literally nothing, can be said in
defense of this respondent. Upon his own
admissions he is guilty, in substance, of the
gravest charges contained in the articles of
impeachmen' exhibited against him by the
House of Representatives. In his personal
conduct and character he presents no quality
or attiibute which enlists the sympathy or the
regard of men. The exhibition which he made
in this Chamber on the 4th of March, 180-3, by
which the nation was humiliated and repub-
lican institutions disgraced, in the presence of'
the representatives of the civilized nations of
the earth, is a truthful exhibition of his char-
acter. His violent, denunciatory, blasphemous
declarations made to the people on various
occasions, and proved by the testimony sub-
mitted to the Senate, illustrate other qualities
of his nature. His cold indifference to the
desolation, disorder, and crimes in the ten
States of the South exhibit yet other and
darker features.
Can any one entertain the opinion that Mr.
Johnson is not guilty of such crimes as justify
his removal from office and his disqualifica-
tion to hold any office of trust or profit under
the Government of the United States? Wil-
liam Blount. Senator of the United States,
was impeached by the House of llepresenta-
tivesand declared guilty of a high misdemeanor,
and though not tried by the Senate the Senate
did, nevertheless, expel him from his seat by
a vote of 25 to 1, and, in the resolution of ex-
pulsion. declared that he had been guilty of a
high misdemeanor. The crime of William
Blount was that he wrote a letter and partici-
pated in conversations, from which it appeared
probable that he was engaged in an immature
scheme to alienate the Indians of the South-
west from the President and the Congress of
the United States: and also, incidentally, to
disturb the friendly relations between this
Government and the Governments of Spain
and Great Britain. This, at most, was but an
arrangement, never consummated into any
overt act, by which he contemplated, under
possible circumstances which never occurred,
that he would violate the neutrality laws of
the United States.
Andrew Johnson is guilty, upon the proof in
part and upon his own admissions, of having
intentionally violated a public law, of usurping
and exercising powers not exercised nor even
asserted by any of his predecessors in office.
Judge Pickering, of the distriot court of
New Hampshire, was impeached by the House
of Representatives, convicted by the Senate,
and removed from office, for the crime of hav-
ing appeared upon the bench in a state of in-
toxication. I need not draw any parallel between
Judge Pickering and this respondent.
Judge Prescott, of Massachusetts, was im-
peached and removed from office for receiving
illegal fees in his office to the amount of $10 70
only. Judge Prescott belonged to one of the
oldest and most eminent families of the State,
and he was himself a distinguished lawyer.
But such was the respect of the Senate of that
State for the law, and such the public opinion
that it was the duty of magistrates to obey the
law, that they did not hesitate to convict him
and remove him from office.
The Earl of Macclesficld was impeached and
convicted for the misuse of his official powers
in regard to trust funds, an offense in itself of
a grave character, but a trivial crime compared
with the open, wanton, and defiant violation
of law by a Chief Magistrate whose highest
duty is the execution of the laws.
If the charges preferred against Warren
Hastings had been fully sustained by the testi-
mony, he would be regarded in history as an
unimportant criminal when compared with the
respondent. Warren Hastings, as governor
general of Bengal, extended the territory of the
British empire, and brought millions of the
natives of India under British rule. If he ex-
ercised power in India for which there was no
authority in British laws or British customs—
if in the exercise of that power he acquired
wealth for himself or permitted others to accu-
mulate fortunes by outrages and wrongs per-
petrated upon that distant people, he still acted
in his public policy in the interest of the Brit-
ish empire and in harmony with the ideas and
purposes of the British people.
Andrew Johnson has disregarded and vio-
lated the laws and Constitution of his own
country. Under his administration the Gov-
ernment has not been strengthened, but weak-
ened. Its reputation and influence at home
and abroad have been injured and diminished.
He has not outraged a distant people bound
to us by no lies, but those which result from
conquest and the exeic.se of arbitrary power
on our part; but through his violation of the
laws and the influence of his evil example
upon the men of the South, in whose hearts
the purposes and the passions of the war yet
linger, he has brought disorder, confusion,
and bloodshed to the homes of twelve millions
of people, many of whom are of our own blood
and all of whom are our countrymen. Ten
States of this Union are without, law, without
security, without safety; public order every-
where violated, public justice nowhere re-
spected; and all in consequence of the evil
purposes and machinations of the President.
Forty millions of people have been rendered
anxious and uncertain as to the preservation
of public peace and the perpetuity of the insti-
tutions of freedom in this country.
There are no limits to the consequences of
this man's evil example. A member of his
Cabinet in your presence avows, proclaims,
indeed, that he suspended fiom office indefi-
nitely a faithful public officer who was ap-
pointed by your advice and consent; an act
which he does not attempt to justify by any
law or usage, except what he is pleased to
call the law of necessity. Is it strange that in
the presence of these examples the ignorant,
the vicious, and the criminal are everywhere
swift to violate the laws ? Is it strange that
the loyal people of the South, most of them
poor, dependent, not yet confident'of their
newly-acquired rights, exercising their just
privileges in fear and trembling, should thus
be made the victims of the worst passions of
men who have freed themselves from all the
restraints of civil government? ' Under the
influence of these examples good men in the
South have everything to fear, and bad then
have everything to hope.
Caius Verres is the great political criminal
of history. For two years he was pnetor and
the scourge of Sicily. The area of that country
does not much exceed ten thousand square
miles, and in modern times it has had a popn-
lation of abo.ut two million souls. The re-
spondent at your bar has been the scourge of a
country many times the area of Sicily and
containing a population six times as great.
Verres enriched himself and his friends; he
seized the public paintings and statues and
carried them to Rome. But at the end of his
brief rule of two years he left Sicily as he had
found it; in comparative peace, and in the
possession of its industries and its laws. This
respondent has not ravaged States nor enriched
himself by the plunder of their treasures; but.
he has inaugurated and adhered to a policy
which has deprived the people of the blessiug8
of peace, of the protection of law, of the just
rewards of honest industry. A vast and im-
portant portion of the Republic, a portion
whose prosperity is essential to the prosperity
of the country at large, is prostrate and help-
less under the evils which his Administration
has brought upon it. When Verres was ar-
raigned before his judges at Rome, and the
exposure of his crimes began, his counsel aban-
doned his cause and the criminal fled from the
city. Yet Verres had friends in Sicily, and
they erected a gilded statue to his name in the
streets of Syracuse. This respondent willlook
in vain, even in the South, for any testimonials
to his virtues or to his public conduct. All
classes are oppressed by the private and public
calamities which he has brought upon them.
They appeal to you for relief. The nation waits
in anxiety for the conclusion of these proceed-
ings. Forty millions of people, whose interest
in public affairs is in the wise and just admin-
istration of the laws, look to this tribunal as a
sure defense against the encroachments of a
criniinally-minded Chief Magistrate.
Will any one say that the heaviest judgment
which you can render is any adequate punish-
ment for these crimes? Your office is not
punishment, but to secure the safety of the Re-
public. But human tribunals are inadequate
to punish those criminals who, as rulers or
magistrates, by their example, conduct, policy,
and crimes, become the scourge of communi-
ties and nations. No picture, no power of the
imagination can illustrate or conceivc the suf-
fering of the poor butloyal people of the South.
A patriotic, virtuous, law-abiding Chief Magis-
trate would have healed the wounds of war,
soothed private and public sorrows, protected
the weak, encouraged the strong, and lifted
from the southern people the burdens which
now are greater than they can bear.
Travelers and astronomers inform ns that in
the southern heavens, near the Southern Cross,
there is a vast space which the uneducated call
the hole in the sky. where the eye of man with
the aid of the powers of the telescope has been
unable to discover nebulas, or asteroid, or
comet, or planet, or star, or sun. In that
dreary, cold, dark region of space, which is
only known to bo less than infinite by the evi-
dences of creation elsewhere, the Great Author
of celestial mechanism has left the chaos which
was in the beginning. If this earth were
capable of the sentiments and emotions of jus-
tice and virtue, which in human mortal beings
are the evidences and the pledge of our divine
origin and immortal destiny, it would heave
and throe, with the energy of the elemental
forces of nature, and project this enemy of two
races of men into that vast region, there for-
ever to exist in a solitude eternal as life, or as
the absence of life, emblematical of, if not
really, that " onter darkness*-* of which the
