1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
4S91
_ Page 3, line fourteen, strike out "twenty" and
insert 'ten."
. Page 5, line twenty-six, strike out "twenty" and
insert" ten."
Mr. WELKER. I have no opposition to make
to the agreement to these amendments : lout
I desire to state that I see it noticed in a good
many newspapers over tlie country that this
bill gives a large subsidy, soma three million
dollars, to this company in addition to the con-
tract to carry the mails. Now, I do not under-
stand that there is any such provision in the
lull. There is no subsidy at all provided for
in the bill as it passed the House or as amended
by the Senate.
Mr. HILL. There is none; none at all.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I understand from hear-
ing the amendments read thattbebill nowpro-
vides that the company shall have the inland
postages until the whole amount comes to
$600,000.
Mr. HILL. Until all the postages amount
to that.
Mr. SCOFIELD. As we passed the bill it
was put very high, at $400,000.
Mr. DELANO. The gentleman will allow
me to correct him. As the bill passed the
House it allowed inland postages until the
whole amount was §400,000. It then allows
sea postages till the aggregate is $600,000 and
limits tie amount to §000,000; so that if the
sea postages shall amount to over $600,000, the
company can get no more than that.
Mr. ROSS. I would suggest that we had
better postpone this bill until after the recess,
when it will be cooler and pleasanter.
Mr. HILL. 1 hope the committee of con-
ference will be granted. I think there will be
uo difficulty in coming to an agreement.
Mr. ILOSS. I move that it be postponed
until after the recess.
Mr. HILL. I do not yield for that motion.
1 call the previous question.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Is a motion to concur in
tlie Senate amendments in order?
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order,
even after the previous question has been
ordered, because a motion to bring the two
Houses to an agreement takes precedence of
a motion to keep them divided in action.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not see why we
should not concur in the amendments of the
iSei.ate. I make the motion to concur.
Mr. HILL. We only want to arrange one
little matter.
Mr. SCOFIELD. That is just what I am
afraid of.
The previous question was then seconded and
the main question ordered.
The question was upon concurring in the
amendments of the Senate ; and being taken,
there were upon a division—ayes 25, noes
41; no quorum voting.
Mr. ROSS. I would suggest that this bill
■should go over until after the recess.
Mr. MILLER. Wi'l the gentleman from
Now Jersey [llr. Hill] state why he does not
want, these amendments concurred in?
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order,
tlie previous question having been seconded
5ind the main question ordered.
Mr. FAliNS WORTH. I hope the House
will not concur.
Mr* WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think i
we should understand this matter. i
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Scofield and
Mr. Hill were appointed. i
The House again divided ; and the tellers I
reported that there were—ayes 45, noes 53:
no quorum voting.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think
we may as well have the yeas and nays, so as !
to give time for a quorum, to come in."
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HILL. All we desire is to have a com-
mittee of conference in order to have the time
extended to fifteen years. The bill as passed
by the House provided for a term of twenty
years ; the Senate by their amendment reduce
the time to ten years. We think we can obtain
an extension of the time to fifteen yeais.
Mr. MILLER. Is there any intention to
obtain the insertion of a subsidy?
Mr. HILL. There is not.
Mr. ROSS. As there is no intention to
obtain a subsidy, I will not further oppose the
proposition for a committee of conference.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection,
the yeas and nays, which have been ordered,
can be dispensed with.
No objection was made.
The motion to concur was accordingly not
agreed to.
The motion to non-eoncur and ask a com-
mittee of conference was then agreed to.
UNION CHAPEL, WASHINGTON.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 48?, authorizing the trus-
tees of the Union Chapel Methodist Episcopal
church, in the city of Washington, to mort-
gage their property for church purposes; which
was taken up, and read the first and second
time. ■*
The question was upon the third reading of
the bill.
The bill, which was read, proposes to author-
ize George Reiohart, John Byram, John B.
Hines, William Worth, and George T. McGlue.
trustees of Union Chapel, of the Methodist
Episcopal church, in the city of Washington,
to execute and deliver a mortgage on lot No. 28
and lot No. 29, in square No. 101, belonging to
that church in the city of Washington, in order
thereby to enable these trustees to procure
money for the purpose of erecting a parsonage
on those lots and otherwise improving them,
for the use and benefit of the church, in man-
ner and form as the legally constituted author-
ities of the church shall prescribe and direct.
The bill was then read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COltl'S BADGES.
The next busiuess upon the Speaker's table
was Senate joint resolution No. 03, granting
permission to officers and soldiers to wear the
badge of the corps in which they served during
the rebellion ; which was taken up, and read a
first and second time.
The question was upon the third reading of
the joint resolution.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that all who served as officers, non-com-
missioned officers, privates, or other enlisted
men in the regular Army, volunteer, or militia
forces of the United States during the war of
the rebellion, and have been honorably dis- i
charged from the service, or remain still in
the same, shall be entitled to wear on occa- I
sions of ceremony the distinctive Army badge j
ordered for or adopted by the Army corps or
division respectively in which they served.
The joint resolution was read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. FARNSWOIITH moved to reconsider jl
the vote by which the joint resolution was ;i
passed; and also moved that the motion to !|
j reconsider he laid on the table. jj
j The latter motion was agreed to. j]
! EXCHANGE OF PUBLIC DOCUMENTS. i
' . 1!
[ The next business upon the Speaker's table ;j
j was Senate joint resolution No. 121, to carry |j
j into effect the resolution approved March 'J,
i 18G7, providing for the exchange of certain ,
j public documents; which was taken up and ij
read a first and second tune. I.
The question was upon the third reading of ;
the joint resolution. /
The first section directs the Congressional
Printer, whenever he shall be so direcied by j;
the joint Committee on the Library, to piiat j;
fifty copies in addition to the regular number i!
of all documents hereafter printed by order of p
either House of Congress or any Department i
or bureau of the Government, and whenever
be shall be directed by the joint Committee o-n h
I the Library one Irundred copies additional of
! all documents ordered to be printed in excess
i of the usual number ; the fifty or one hundred
| copies in each case to be delivered to the
| Librarian of Congress, to be exchanged nnder
the direction of the joint Committee on the
Library, as provided by the joint resolution
approved March 2, 1867. The second section
provides that fifty copies of each publication
printed under direction of any Department or
bureau of the Government, whether at tlie Con-
gressional Printing Office or elsewhere, shall
be placed at the disposal of the joint Com-
mittee on the Library, to carry out the provisions
of the resolution of March 2, 1867.
Mr. \\ ASIIBUIINE, of Illinois. I would
like to hear some explanation of this joint
resolution.
Mr. BALDWIN. The object of this joint
resolution is to enable us to carry into execu-
tion the joint resolution of March 2,1867, pro-
viding for an exchange of public documents
with foreign Governments. After the passage
of that resolution there was correspondence
with foreign Governments, and the proposition
was generally and cordially lesponded to, and
we have received from Russia, England, Spain,
and some other countries, a large number of
valuable documents; but as the Superintend-
ent of Public Printing did not see that he was
authorized to print the additional copies neces-
sary for the exchange, wo have been unable to
send documents in return for those we have
received. It is a point of honor with us that
this resolution should be passed to carry into
effect the joint resolution to which it refers.
Mr. WASHBUJINE, of Illinois. I could
not hear distinctly the explanation of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bald wis.]
The purpose of this resolution is perhaps a
very good one ; but it seems to me we propose
to order a larger number of extra copies of
documents than are necessary to effect the pur-
pose which the gentleman from Massachusetts
has in view. One of the great sources of ex-
pense, in reference to which so much com-
plaint is made, is the enormous amount we
are paying for the printing of documents. This
resolution porposes the printing of a large ad-
ditional number of every public document thai,
may hereafter be published. The question is,
are we not extending this matter further than
is proper? Now, if the purpose is merely to
make exchanges with foreign Governments, it
seems to me we do not need so large an extra
number as one hundred.
Mr. BALDWIN. The gentleman will ob-
serve that it is left to the Committee on the
Library to decide whether so many as one
hundred shall be devoted to this purpose.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ If this
matter were always to be left to the discretion
of my friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Bald-
win] I should be very well satisfied. But
there may be a Committee on the Library that
will avail itself, to the whole extent, of the
provisions of this resolution, and I suggest to
the gentleman  
Mr. BALDWIN. Will the gentleman allow
me to finish my statement?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman is entitled to the floor, and can, of
course, prevent me from making any statement
that 1 want to make.
Mr. BALDWIN. There may occur cases
in which we receive duplicates from other
Governments and in which duplicates are re-
quired to be sent in return ; and there may bo
other reasons for bending, in some cases, more
than one copy of a document. It is a matter
in wliieh something must necessarily be left to
the discretion of the eommittee, if we would
avoid printing absolutely more than may gen-
erally be necessary.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, I hope the
rlouse will pass this resolution. I do not wish
to increase the pxpense of our public printing.
On the contrary, I am willing to act with any-
body who desires to reduce tbat expense. But
I submit that this proposition ought to be
adopted. It will increase by only fifty or one
