286
SUPPLEMENT TO
Saviour of man spoke in warning to those who [j
are the enemies of themselves, of their race, ;j
aud of their God. But it is yours to relieve, j
not to punish. This (lone and our country is
again advanced in the intelligent opinion of j
mankind. In other Governments an unfaithful .
ruler can be removed only by revolution, vio- i
lence, or force. The proceeding here is judicial, j
and according to the forms of law. Yourjudg- !
ment will be enforced without the aid of a
policeman or a soldier. What other evidence
■will be needed of the value of republican insti-
tutions? What other test of the strength and
vigor of our Government? What other assur-
ance that the virtue of the people is equal to
any emergency of national life ?
The contest which the House of Represent-
atives carries on at your bar is a contest
in defense of the constitutional rights of the
Congress of the United States, representing
the people of the United States against the
arbitrary, unjust, illegal claims of the Execu-
tive.
This is the old contest of Europe revived in
America. England, Franco, and Spain have
each been the theater of this strife. In France
and Spain the executive triumphed. In Eng-
land the people were victorious. The people
of France gradually but slowly regain their
rights. But even yet there is no freedom of
the press in Franco ; there is no freedom of the
legislative will; the emperor is supreme.
Spain is wholly unrcgenerated. England
alone has a free Parliament and a government
of laws emanating from the enfranchised peo-
ple. These laws are everywhere executed,
aud a sovereign who should willfully interpose
any obstacle would be dethroned without de-
lay. In England the law is more mighty than
the king. In America a President claims to
be mightier than the law.
This result in England was reached by slow
movements, and after a struggle which lasted
through many centuries. John Hampden was
not the first nor the last of the patiiots who
resisted executive usurpation, but nothing could
have been more inapplicable to the present cir-
cumstances than the introduction of his name
as an apology for the usurpations of Andrew
Johnson.
"No man will question John Hampden's
patriotism or the propriety of his aets when
he brought the question whether ship-money
was within the constitution of England before
the courts;" but no man will admit that there
is any parallel between Andrew Johnson and
John Hampden. Andrew Johnson takes the
place of Charles 1, and seeks to substitute his
own will for the laws of the land. In 10;>(i
John Hampden resisted the demands of an
usurping and unprincipled king, as does Edwin
M. Stanton to-day resist the claims and de-
mands of an unprincipled and usurping Pres-
ident.
The people of England have successfully
resisted executive encroachments upon their
rights. Let not their example be lost upon us.
We suppressed the rebellion in arms, aud we
are now to expel it from the executive coun-
cils. This done, republican institutions need
no further illustration or defense. All things
then relating to the national welfare and life
are made as secure as can bo any future events.
The freedom, prosperity, and power of Amor
ica are established. The friends of constitu-
tional liberty throughout Europe will hail with
joy the assured greatness and glory of the new
Republic. Our internal difficulties will rapidly
disappear. Peace and prosperity will return
to every portion of the country, in a few
weeks or months we shall celebrate a restored
Union upon the basis of (he equal rights of
the States, in each of which equality of the
people will be recognized and established. This
respondent is not to be coniieted that these
thing j may come, but justice being done, these
things aie to come.
At your bar the House of Representatives
demand justice—justice for the people, justice
to the accused. Justice is of God, and it can-
not perish. By and through justice conies obe-
dience to the law by all magistrates and peo-
ple. By and through justice comes the liberty
of the law, which is freedom without licenser
Senators, as far as I am concerned, the case
is now in your hands, and it is soon to be closed
by my associate. The House of Representa-
tives have presented this criminal at your bar
with equal confidence in his guilt and in your
disposition to administer exact justice between
him and the people of the United States.
His conviction is the triumph of law, of
order, of justice. I do not contemplate his
acquittal—it is impossible. Therefore I do not
look beyond. But, Senators, the people of
America will never permit an usurping Exec-
utive to break down the securities for liberty
provided by the Constitution. The cause of
the Republic is in your hands. Your verdict
of guilty is peace to our beloved country.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Chief Justice, I under-
stand from the counsel for the President who
is next to address the Senate that he would be
very much obliged to the Senate if they would
take their usual recess now, he being anxious
to make a continuing argument. I move, there-
fore, that the court take a recess for fifteen
minutes.
The motion was agreed to; and at the ex-
piration of the recess the Chief Justice resumed
the chair.
Hon. THOMAS A. R. NELSON, counsel
for the respondent, addressed the Senate, as
follows:
Mr. Chief Justicu and SexatokS: I have
been engaged in the practice of my profession
as a lawyer for the last thirty years. 1 have
been concerned in every variety of cause which
can be tried under the laws of the State in
which I reside. I have, in the course of my
somewhat lengthy professional life, argued
cases involving life, liberty, property, and char-
acter. I have prosecuted and defended every
specics of criminal cause, from murder in the
lirst degree down to a simple assault. But in
rising to address you to-day I feel that all the
causes in which I ever was concerned sink into
comparative insignificance when compared with
this; and a painful sense of the magnitude of
the ease in which I am now engaged, and of
my inability to meet and to defend it as it
should be defended, oppresses ine as I rise to
address you; and I would humbly invoke the
great Disposer of events to give me a mind to
conceive, a heart to feel, and a tongue to ex-
press those words which should be properly
and fitly expressed on this great occasion. I
would humbly invoke that assistance which
comes from on high; for when 1 look at the
results which may follow from this trial; when
1 endeavor to contemplate in imagination how
it is lo affect our country and the world, I
start back, feeling that 1 am utterly incapable
of comprehending its results, and that I cannot
look into the future and foretell them.
I feel, Senators, that it will he necessary
upon this occasion for me to notice many tilings
which, as I suppose, have but little bearing
upon the specific ai tides of impeachment which
have been presented. In doing so, to borrow
the language of Mr. Wirt upon tiietiial of Judge
Peck, " If we pursue the opening arguments
of the honorable Managers more closely than
may seem necessary to some of the court, it
will be remembered that it would be presump-
tuous in us to slight any topic which the learned
and honorable Managers may have deemed it
important to press on the consideration of the
court.1'
It lias been charged that the President was
" trifling '' with the Senate. Scarcely had we
entered upon this trial before charges were
made against him of seeking, and improperly
seeking, to gain time ; to effect tin unworthy and
improper procrastination. I shall dwell but a
moment on that. We supposed that there was
no impropriety in our asking at the hands of
the Senate a reasonable indulgence to prepare
for our defense, when the subject of impeach-
ment iiad been before the House of Repre-
sentatives in some form or other for more thau
a twelvemonth, and when the worthy and able
Managers who have been selected to conduct
it in this Senate were armed at all points and
ready to contest the cause on the one hand,
and we, upon the other, were suddenly sum-
moned from our professional pursuits; we,
who are not politicians, but lawyers engaged
in the practice of our profession, were sum-
moned here to measure arms with gentlemen
who are skilled in political gladiation and are
well posted upon all the subjects that may be
involved in this investigation.
But it is not merely the complaint as to time
and as to trifling with the Senate that it will
become my duty to notice. A great many
things have been said, Senators, and among
the rest an effort has been made to draw " a
picture of the President's mind and heart;"
ho has been stigmatized as a "usurper," as a
"traitor to his party," as " disgracing the
position held by some of the most illustrious
in the land," as "a dangerous person, a crim-
inal, but not an ordinary one," as "encour-
aging murders, assassinations, and robberies
all over the southern States;" and finally, by
way of proving that there is one step between
the sublime aud the ridiculous, he has been
charged with being "a common scold" and a
"ribald, scurrilous blasphemer, bandying epi-
thets and taunts with a jeering mob."
Such are some of the many accusations which
have been made here from time to time in the
progress of this protracted investigation. Noth-
ing or next to nothing has been said in vindi-
cation of the President against these charges.
It will be my duty, Senators, to pay some
attention to them to-day. We have borne
it long enough, and I propose 'before I enter
upon the investigation of the articles of im-
peachment to pay some attention to these
accusations which have been heaped upon us
almost every day from the commencement of
the trial and which have hitherto passed un-
answered and unnoticed on the side of the
President of the United States.
If it be true, as alleged, that the President
is guilty of all these things, or if he has been
guilty of one tithe of the offenses which have
been imnuted to him in the opening argument,
and which have been iterated and reiterated in
the argument of to-day, then I am willing to
confess that he is—
"A monster of such frightful mien
As to bo hated needs but to bo faeen."
I am willing to admit that if he is guilty of
any of the charges which have been made
against him he is not only worthy of the cen-
sure of this Senate, but a whip should be put
in every honest hand to lash him around the
world as a man unworthy of the notice of gen-
tlemen and unfit for the association of any of
his race ; he should be pointed at everywhere
and shown as a monster; he should be ban-
ished from society ; his very name should be-
come a word to frighten children with through-
out the land from one end of it to the other,
so that when one should meet him his sight
would cause—
"Each particular hair to stand on end
Like quills upon the fretful porcupine."
If he be a man such as is represented on the
other side, then, Senators, we agree that neither
I, nor any of those who are associated with
me, can defend him.
But who is Andrew Johnson ? Who is the
man that you have upon trial now, and ill re-
gard to whom the gaze not of little Delaware,
but of the whole Union and of the civilized
world is directed at the present moment?
Who is Andrew Johnson ? That is a question
which a few years ago many of those, whom I
now address could have answered, and could
have answered with pleasure and delight and
joy. Who is Andrew Johnson? Go to the
town of Greenville but a lew short years ago,
a little village situate in the mountains of East
Tennessee, "and you will see a poor boy enter-
ing that village a stranger, without friends,
without acquaintances, following an humble
mechanical pursuit, scarcely able to^ read,
unable to write, but yet industrious in his call-
