4392
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 23,
lunched tbe usual number of copies of public
documents; and the increased expense i ust
fee very slight. Tbe object Ss to facilitate ex-
changes of documents with foreign Govern-
ments- By this means we shall receive docu-
ments which will f>e of great value. Tha-y will
be placed in our libraries for the use of men
interested in the affairs of the Government,
and the benefit resulting will repay a thousand
fold the extra expense. The objectionable
matter in regard to onr public printing is with
regard to the extra copies that are ordered by
the House for general distribution, and I am
ready at any time to join with other members
of the House in sweeping the whole of that
away. But the adoption of the proposition
now pending wiH be advantageous to the public
interests, and wiH involve no considerable
additional expense.
Mr. BALDWIN. I call for the previous
question.
Tbe joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BALDWIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which tbe joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid 011 the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
purchase OV alaska.
Mr. BANKS presented the following report;
The committee of eonfercnco an the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses upon tho bill (II. 11. No.
1096,) an act making appropriations of money to carry
into eficct the treaty with llussia of March 30, 18(37,
having mot, after full and free eonfeienco have agreed
to recommend, and do recommend, to their respective
Houses, as follows:
That tho Senate rccedc from its first amendment
and agree to tho preamble of tho bill with amend-
ments as follows: after the word "Russia," in the
fouith lino, insert the following words: "And tho
Senate thereafter gavo its advice and consent to said
treaty; " and strike out all after the words " United
States," in the twelfth lino, and insert instead thereof
the following words: "Aiui whereas said stipulations
cannot be carried into lull force and effect except by
legislation to which the consent of both Houses of
Congress is necessary; " and the House agree to the
same as amended.
And they furtherrecommend (hat theIIouso recede
from its disagreement to thesceondandthiid amend-
ments of tho Senate, and agree to the same.
N.P. BANKS.
WILLIAM LOUGIIIUDGE,
KAMUKL J. KATNDALJa
M'liut'j'-rn <m the part of the Home.
CHARLES SC.UNKIt,
O. P. MORTON,
J. R. DUO LITTLE,
Mnnngcrn on the part of the Senate,
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, I send to the
Clerk's desk to be read as a part of my speech
a copy of the bill as it will stand when the
conference report is agreed to.
Tho Clerk read as follows;
An act making an appropriation of money to carry
into effect tho treaty with Russia of March 30,
1867.
Whereas tho President of theUnited State?, on the
30th of March, 18G7, entered into a treaty with the
emperor of Ku3sia, by the terms of which it-was stip-
ulated that, in consideration of the cession by tbe
emperor of Russia to the United States of certain
territory therein described, theUnited States should
pay to tho emperor of Russia the sum of $7,200,000,
in coin; and whereas it was further stipulated in
said treaty that the United States shall accept of
each cession, and that certain inhabitants ot said
territory shall be admitted to the enjoyment of all
tho rights and immunities of citizens of the United
States; and whereas said stipulations cannot bo
carried into full force and eileetexcept by legislation
to which the couscnt of both Houses of Congress is
necessary: Therefore,
lie it revolved by the ticna>c and House of Re.prwflt-
ativrfiof the United State* of America in Conarens assem-
bler^ That there be, and hereby is, appropriated from
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated &7,-00,000 in coin , to fulfill stipulations con-
tained in the sixth article of the treaty with llu^ia,
concluded at Washington on the 30tU day ot March,
1807.
Mr. BANKS. I now demand the previous
question.
Mr. DELANO. I hope the House will vote
down the previous question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask my
colleague to yield to me.
Mr. BANKS. For what purpose?
Sir. BUTLER, of Mapaa-chueiefts. I want
to give my views.
Mr. BANKS. 1 do not want to yield the
floor for debate. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I under-
stand this is an entire surrender of all we have
done.
Mr. BANKS. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I hope
it will be voted down.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
74, noes 43.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered to be now
put.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
House to have the report again read. It is
an entire surrender.
Mr. BANKS. It is no surrender at all.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It is an
entire surrender.
The question recurred on the adoption of
the conference report. *
Mr. DELANO demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LOUGT1R1PGE. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the main question was
ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the motion be
laid on the table.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
(>7, noes 43.
Mr. LOlJGHRfDGE. I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LOUGUKIDGE. Will the chairman
of the committee be entitled to an hour's
debate after tho main question is ordered?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman who has
charge of the bill has the right to speak an
hour.
Mr. LOUGIIIUDGE. I withdraw my mo-
tion.
Mr. MAYNARD. I withdraw the motion
to lay upon the table.
Mr. BANKS. I propose to yield to my col-
league on the conference committee to state
the reasons for his concurrence in the confer-
ence report.
Mr. PAINE. I renew the motion to lay
upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The ntotion to reconsider
ha* been withdrawn ; and there is nothing to
which the gentleman's motion will apply.
Mr. PAINE. I move, then, that the con-
ference report be laid upon the table.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas '61, nays 80, not voting
<j9 ; as follows :
TEAS-—Messrs. Allison, Beatty, Benton, Boles.
Benjamin P. Butler, Roderick R. Butier, Reader W.
Clarke, Cobb, Cullom, Delano, l>ewceso, Favnsworth,
Pcrriss, Hamilton, Hawkins, Hill, Judd, Kelley,
Kclsey, William Lawrence, Logan, Miller, Moore,
Nunn, Paine, Perham, Polslcy, Seofield, Taylor, Law-
rence S. Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Aernam, Van
Trump, Van \V>ck, Ward, Henry 1). Washburn,
and Wclker—?,1.
JSTAYS—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Arnell, T)elos R.
Ashley, James M. Ashley. Axtell, Bailey, Baldwin,
Banks, Beek, Bingham, Blair. BoutweU, Boyden,
Buckland, Buckley, Cary, Sidney Clarke, Dixon,
i)riggs, Eeldey, Eldndge,, ISHot. Fields, IVeneh, Uetr/.,
(xio&sbrenner, Goiladay, Uoss, Grovcr, Haigbt, Hal-
fey, Higby. Hooper, HotchUiss, Hunjer, Jngersol),
Jenekes, Alexander II. Jones, Kerr, Koontz. Latlin,
Lash, Loughridge, Mallory, Mann, Marshall, May-
nard, McCullough, McKcc, Mcrcur, MulHns, Myers,
Niblack, O'Neill.Orth, Pile, Poland. Pomeroy, Kamn,
Robertson, ltoss Sawyer, Shanks, Scalding, Stark-
weather, Thudd^u* Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Sypher,
Taber, Taffe, John Trimble, Twichell, Burt Van
Horn, William B. Washburn, Whittcmore, William
William-*. Wmdom, and Wood—SO.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adam-;, Anderson, Baker,
Barnes, Barnum, Bcainan, Bonjiimin. Blackburn,
Blame. Bowen, Boyer, Bromwell, Brooks, Broomall,
Burr, Cake,Caliis, Chan ler, Churchill. Co burn, Cook,
Cornell, Covodc, JL>awes, Hockery, Bodge, "Donnelly,
EprffHestoti, 1'Jla, Perry, Finney, Fox,Garlieid,Gravely,
GriswoUl, Harding, Haughey, Hcaton, Hinds, IIol-
man, Hopkins,Isabel W. Hubbard, Chester I>,Hub-
bard, Richard I). Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey,
Johnson,ThomasL. Jones, Julian, Kellogg, Ketcham,
Kitchen,Knott,George V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan,
Lynch, ALuvin, McCarthy, McClurg, McCojraickT
Mo^rhead, Morralj, AJorrissey, Miin^n. Newcomb,
Newsham, Nicholson* Norris,Peters,"Phelps, Pierce',
Pike, Plants, Price, Proyn, Randall, Robin&on .Roots,
Schenck, Selye, Shellabarger, Sitgrcaves, Smith,
Aaron F. Slovens, Stone, Thomas,Upson,Van Auken,
Robert T. Van Horn, Vidal, Cadwalader C, Wash-
burn, Elihu B. Washbnrne,Thomas WilLatB& Jaiaea
F. Wilson, John T. Wilson. Stephen P. WjJstm,Wood-
bridge, and Woodward—SO.
So the House refused to lay tbe report on
the table.
The Sl'EAICETC. The question ischss on
agreeing to the conference report unless the
tjenfleman from Massachusetts el&iiias the 'loor,
Mr. BANKS. I do not wish to speak. My
colleague on the committee agrees to present
his vi'nmrkK at another time so that the time
of the House shall not be taken up now.
Mr. MILLER. I would like to know whether
we have not surrendered all that was put m the
protkinWc. _
Mr. BANKS. We have not surrendered any-
thing. My colleague on the committee desires
to say a word and I yield to him a moment.
Mr. PAINE. I would like to ask one ques-
tion. What consideration has induced the
gentleman who now has the floor to abandon
the substance of his own amendment ?
Mr. BANKS. I have yielded to my col-
league to explain the matter.
Mr. LOU GrHIUDGE. 1 do not desire to
detain the House very long, as business ors
tho Speaker's table is pressing. I ana asked
to explain my position in regard to the sur-
render of tho substance of the preamble. 1
will state frankly that in my opinion the sub-
stance of the preamble is stricken out. 1
agreed to that as a friend of Alaska. 1 voted
for the appropriation and I agreed to the
report of the committee of conference simply
because the majority of the committee were
against me. 1 frankly say that I should my-
self have preferred to have had the entire pre-
amble stricken off the bill.
Mr. PAINli. I would be glad to under-
stand the gentleman. Do I understand him
to admit that the substance of his preamble is
stricken out?
Mr. LOUGIIHIDGE. I certainly do so.
consider it.
Mr. PAINE. I understand the chairman
of the committee to deny that. I would he-
glad to hear the gentleman explain it.
Mr. LOUGHItlDGE. 1 ara not explaining
the action of the chairman of the committee
nor his denial. 1 am explaining my own posi-
tion. 1 admit that the substance of the pre-
amble is stricken out, and that I voted for the
report simply because the majority of the com-
mittee were against me, and the report would
have been the same whether I voted for it or
not. 1 am satisfied further that the bill eoulfi
not pass with the preamble as it passed the
House, and for this reason:, there is  o doubi
of the fact that there is between the Senate and
House a vital difference of opinion.
Mr. WASHBUIiNE, of Illinois. Let the-
Senate give down.
Mr. JjO(JGHK11>GE. I believe tir& Senate
will not give down. I am satisiied it will not,
Mr. VVASHBUIiNK, of Illinois. Why not?
Mr. JjOUGHUIDGE. I hope gentlemen
will not interrupt me. I say I am satisfied the
Senate will not give dow . I am equally sat-
isfied that uie House will not give down." The
question then is simply this: Shall we compel
the Senate to agi-ee to our doctrine o-r shall we
lose tins bill ?
Mr. VAN \VYOK. Yf ill the gentleman allow
me a question? The Senate have undertaken
I to compel the House to yield and vote millions
j of dollars which we do not think ought to have
I i oPa®c'' Now, is it asking too nmch that
j the Senate shall at least yield to the acknowl-
! edgment which the House claims, that we shall
have some protection in tbe future for the peo-
ple of the country?
Mr- LOUGHBIHGE. I claim that we jiekl
nothing at. all. All we do is to sav we do not,
| '??ls,t.V,po'n,l!'Ji,s declaration in connection with
his bill. 1 hat is all. We can make tbe dec-
laration elsewhere if we desire to do so.
Several members here asked tbe gentleman
to vield.
