2344
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
so that he shall not go to the House and com-
plain of me, I will be ready to do it."
And thereupon, without consulting me, or
■without consulting any of these gentlemen
upon this coming to his knowledge, Mr. Chaun-
cey Black says that he asked a tew of his per-
sonal friends to sign it; his old neighbor from
Lancaster county, Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
VEars ;] his old professional friend from Ohio,
[General Garfield,] to get others; and they
signed it.
Sow, what did they sign? They signed what
has been put before the country as a claim.
Now, I beg pardon of the IIouso; there is no
claim in this matter against this Government.
This Government is not to be called upon to
pay a dollar out of its Treasury in any way
because of Alta Vela. When gentlemen say
there is a million of dollars in it, alii can say
is' that I do not know whether there is or not;
I never asked.
Mr. ROBINSON. Will the gentjeman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BUTLER. Certainly.
Mr. ROBINSON. What istheinterest which
Colonel Shaffer said he could sell out or dis-
pose of? , .
Mr. BUTLER. I suppose it is the interest
in the guano on the island whicli_ belonged^ to
him and his associates. It is nothing for which
the United States Government' lias t.o pay a ^
dollar, or for which 111 any event it will take a |
dollar out of its Treasury. ...
Now, the extent of our offending is tins, and
nothing more: that we have signed an opin-
ion that it is the " duty of the Government of
the United States in the most forcible manner
consistent with the honor and dignity of the
Government"' to protect its citizens. 1 hat is
the opinion which I signed. And 1 am ready
to sigu such an opinion now or hereafter when-
ever I am asked so to do. _
Am I alone ill this opinion ? Sir, the Legis-
lature of the State of Pennsylvania, without
my knowledge, passed a resolution upon this
very subject to the same effect as my own opin-
ion. And the Legislature of New Jersey—Ah!
my friends on the other side—the Legislature of
New Jersey has just passed a resolution in
favor of the claimants to Alta Vela, probably
according to your theory to influence thePies-
ident to do a wrong.
A Member. A Democratic Legislature.
Mr. BUTLER. I did not say a "Demo-
cratic Legislature,'' because I supposed the
gentleman on the other side knew that. There
are so few of them that they can etisily keep
an account of them. [ Laughter.]
Now, it is known everywhere that this ques-
tion is a question of international law, upon
which I maybe either right or wrong. But as
long as I exist 1 purpose to sign just such
opinions as this whenever I think the occasion
calls for it.
Now, I desire to make another observation.
Governor Boutwell mentioned in his argu-
ment the public notorious fact that there was
a quarrel between Judge Black and the Presi-
dent. He said it showed that the President
meant to strike down every man who disagreed
with him. Thereupon Mr. Nelson, to show
that Governor Boutwell was right in that,
came in and with this correspondence tried to
strike down Judge Black, although he was the
President's friend and had spent and been
spent in his service. And this same Mr. Nel-
son, who represents the President in this at-
tack, agreed with Judge Black as to the justice
of the Alta Vela case, and pressed the duty of
interference on the attention of the President,
as I am informed, and verily believe, and said
that the President ought to take the action
requested of him. The whole question was
whether the President would or would not do
it, not whether he thought he ought to do it.
A single word further and I havedone. I am
not called upon to defend Judge Black; he is
amply able to take care of himself upon the
reasons why he left the case of the President.
Now, I want gentlemen to say what they under-
stand we proposed to influence the President
to do? To influence the President to protect
American citizens in their rights. Do t hey say
it was to make war on Dominica? Pohl vve
make war on Dominica! Shoot oft a twenty-
four pounder at a pig-sty? Not at all. No
one expected any war. All that was asked was
that the President should protect American
citizens in their rights. That is all. We tric l
to influence him to do that; and in tins it is
thought wo acted inconsistently with our duty.
Do gentlemen on the other side dare to say that
wc conspired with Judge Black to prevent him
from acting as counsel lor the President in the
impeachmeut? Is that what they mean to
charge? Anybody who wants to make that
issue must fight it out with Judge Black, for so
far as I uni concerned, I should rather have
Judge Black opposed to me as counsel in the
defense of the President, than to have a soi
disant Republican put forward to defend him.
Mr. CHANLER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts will permit me to say that he has
now very adroitly touched the very point at
issue. The suspicion has, I think, found a
place in the public mind that such a conspiracy
did exist; and it is very evident that if there
is any merit in this resolution it is that itis cal-
culated to draw from the gentlemen connected
with the matter a denial that there was any
such conspiracy.
Mr. BUTLER. Well, sir, I can say that
Judge Black did not know, so far as I am
aware, of the existence of the fact ot the let-
ters. I did not know any fact of that sort, and
I have nothing further to say upon that subject
than that it never was thought of, or known, by
any manager that Black was to retire till lie
had done so. 1 desire to say nothing further
now, but repeat, that so far from desiring that
Judge Black should not defend Andrew John-
son, that I would much rather have a well-
known, well-understood Democratic politician
and lawyer, like Judge Black, defending the
President to-day, than any man who claims to
be a Republican doing so, thus •' stealing the
livery of the court of heaven to serve the devil
111." [Laughter.] _
Mr. 1SLDJUDGE. I did not intend, Mr.
Speaker, to take any part in this discussion;
but in consequence of the direction which has
been given to the debate by the gentlemen
who, in my judgment, are the only gentlemen
who can have any personal interest in this ques-
tion, 1 desire to make a few remarks.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan]
lias said that he does not appear beforethe
House because of any right 011 the part of the
House to require him to appear, or because of
any demand which the. House has made upon
him. That, Mr. Speaker, is a matter entirely
with the gentleman from Illinois. The public
has made something more of this question than
he would seem to think when he tells us that
he does not feel called upon to make any an-
swer opon this question.
The gentleman from New York [Mr, Ciian-
ler] has very well suggested the real gist^of
this question, and if I had drawn this resolu-
tion and made the remarks introducing it I
should have stated that as the real question ;
for let gentlemen dodge and squirm and retreat
and draw back as they may, yet there is a
strange coincidence between the fact of this
letter being sent to the President under the
circumstances through which it was obtained
and the fact that Judge Black withdrew from
the defense of the President., and that immedi-
ately afterward the Republican papers through-
out the country took up the matter, declaring
that the President had been abandoned by his
principal counsel because of the conviction in
the mind of that counsel that the President was
guilty of the crimes charged against him. Now,
let us see how this letter originated.
Mr. WOODWARD. Will the gentleman
from Wisconsin yield to me a moment?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Yes, sir.
Mr. WOODWARD. In reply to the re-
marks of the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Elshudge,] the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Chanleb,] and the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Butler,] in regard to the
suspicion thflt Judge Black was in conspiracy
with somebody, I wish to say that Judge Black
is a man of the very highest honor and integ-
rity, and that a conspiracy on his part with
anybody is an impossible supposition, and
especially a conspiracy with the gentleman
from Massachusetts, with whom, I assure the
House, Judge Black will enter into no con-
spiracy on any subject. The idea is prepos-
terous. I beg my friend from Wisconsin not
to entertain for one moment any such sus-
picion with regard to Judge Black.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. If my friend from Penn-
sylvania had remained quiet for a moment I
think he would have seen that I make no im-
putation upon Judge Black_; nor do I e,1ter
into that question at all. I simply remark that
there is a singular coincidence between the fact
that he withdrew from the defense of the Presi-
dent at the time when he did, and that these
letters from gentlemen having the manage-
ment of the impeachment on the part of the
House were, in view of the peculiar circum-
stances under which they were prepared, pre-
sented. to the President just about the same
time. Now, let us see whether the gentleman
from Illinois is strictly correct.
If the House desires to adjourn I will yield
for that purpose.
Mr. ROSS. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Oh, no;
I hope this matter will be settled to-night.
The question was taken, and the House re-
fused to adjourn.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Logax] claims that
they had a right to write this letter at the par-
ticular time when it was written, and he says
that he would do so again. And he tells us
that the reason why lie wrote that letter was
to oblige his friend, Colonel Shaffer. Now, sir,
that is in direct contradiction of the affidavit
of Mr. Chauncey F. Black which was pub-
lished in the Globe, and which the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] introduced
in the trial of the impeachment. Mr. Chaun-
cey F. Black says, in his affidavit:
" As such counsel, we have argued theeause to tho
Seerctaiy of State, and also to the President, before
whom the question has been pending since July 19,
1867.
"We have in various forms pressed the matter upon
his attention, and ho has expressed himself fully and
freely satisfied with the justice of tho claims of our
clicnts and his conviction of his own duty to afford
the desired relief, but had declined to act because of
the opposition of the Secretary of State."
He adds, in another passage:
" Jjertrnincr from a mutual friend that it would bo
desirable for the President to receive the recom-
mendations of other members of Congress, I canied
a. copy of the opinion to tho House of Representatives
and procured the signatures of some of my personal
fiiends, and asked them to procure the signatures of
others, which wore attached to the copy."
Now, Mr. Speaker, it appears that Mr.
Chauncey F. Black brought that letter here
and procured signatures to it.
Mr. PILE. A copy of the letter.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the gentleman
will not interrupt me. A copy of the letter;
it makes no difference. He brought the letter
to the House of Representatives and procured
signatures to it. He did not do it because
Colonel Shaffer was a poor lawyer, as his
friend, General Butler, would represent, not
because he was not satisfied of the legality and
justice of his case, but because he, Mr. Chaun-
cey F. Black, understood that it would be de-
sirable to the President to have members of
Congress indorse this claim. That was the
reason why he presented it. So that it ap-
pears from the affidavit itself that the object
was to procure the signatures of members of
Congress for the purpose of influencing the
imnd of the President. The affidavit shows
that fact, and it shows that Mr. Chauncey F.
Black procured the signatures, and not Coloue'l
Shaffer. He says further:
,n'Hwp si=nt{.ures «ore procured upon personal
application to the gentlemen severally, without anv
concert of action whatever oa their part, and -with -
