1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
336$
to the indictment on which the Kadieal party
will be arraigned before the court of last resort
in November next.
But I must return to the record, and first to
the Constitution of the UnitedStates, for which
the people of this country still have some re-
gard. Section two of article one provides :
" The House oi Representatives shall bo composed
of members chosen every second year by the people
u seperil States, and the electors in each State
shall have the qualifications requisite for electors of
the most numerous branch ol the State Legisla-
tures."
Will any man on this floor dars to deny that
the State of Kentucky lias the exclusive right
to determine what portion of her people shall
have the right to vote for representatives in
the most numerous branch of the State Legis-
lature ? Will any man venture to assert in the
face of laws of Kentucky regulating suffrage in
that State, which are published in the report
of the committee made to this House in March
last, that these returned rebel soldiers had not
the right to vote for members of the Legislature
of Kentucky. I presume not. Yet if they had,
they had the right to vote for a Representative
in Congress. One State may allow female
suffrage, alien suffrage, or negro suffrage, may
remove all restrictions ; another may exclude
all these, and, as in Khode Island, impose
property qualifications, yet the members sent
here cannot be questioned, nor their right to a
seat withheld because the majority of the mem-
bers here disapprove of the action of the State
in saying who should and who should not be
electors. Let the priuciple be established, as
I suppose it will be by the dominant majority
in this case, that Kentucky has not the right to
determine who shall be electors there, and that
Congress will exclude the votes of all such as
the majority here do not think ought to be
allowed to cast their votes for members of the
State Legislature or of Congress from that
State, and what is the result? Why that one
House of Congress regulates and determines
all questions, of the right of suffrage in the
States, at least so far as the members of this
House are concerned.
Let there be no grumbling when majorities
change. Let the rule you propose to adopt be
adhered to, and it follows that every Repub-
lican member of Congress who is elected by a
majority of negro votes in the eleven southern
States—for I include Tennessee—may be re-
jected the moment we elect a majority of
Democrats in the other States and their places
be given to the Democrats who get the majority
of the white votes in these districts. We think
Kentucky has as much right to say that her
own sons—many of them the most honorable,
intelligent, and gifted of her people—shall
exercise the right of suffrage, if they did take
the part of the South, as that your recon-
structed States shall say that the political
power there shall be placed in the hands of
ignorant and degraded negroes. I do not pre-
tend to predict what the Democratic party will
do. I know we think this is and ought to
be a white man's Government. But what I do
say is that if you establish the principle now
asserted in the last report of the majority of
the Committee of Elections, in spite of all our
protestations and remonstrances, it will not
lie in your mouths to find fault with any action
the Democrats may hereafter see fit to take in
regard to the Representatives sent here by the
negro votes of the South, when their seats are
contested by men who have received majorities
of the white votes in the districts where they
reside. Bad precedents cannot always be set
aside when the immediate purpose they were
intended to serve is accomplished.
It will be remembered that the question of
Judge Young's loyalty or disloyalty does not
enter into nor constitute an element in determ-
ining this question. If the seat is awarded to
Colonel Mc-Kee because lie was duly elected
he would have been aa much entitled to it if
General Grant had opposed him as he is now.
It is simply a decision that 625 votes received
by legally appointed and competent judges of
the election in Kentucky, the legality of which
has been certified by the Governor of Ken-
tucky to this House, shall be set aside and dis-
regarded solely because this House claims the
right to determine who shall and who shall not
have tha right to vote in Kentucky, the Con-
stitution of the United States and the laws of
the State to the contrary notwithstanding. The
party in power will repent this decision in
sackcloth and ashes, or I am very much mis-
taken. The constitution of Kentucky, in force
when-this election was held, and still in force,
prescribes that all white male citizens of the
State, twenty-one years of age, who shall have
resided in the State two years, or in the county,
town, or city in which they offer to vote one
year next preceding the election, shall be elect-
ors of the most numerous branch of the Legis-
lature of that State. (New constitution of
Kentucky, art. 2, sec. 8.) It follows, there-
fore, that no vote cast for either Young or
McKee can lawfully be rejected on account of
the voter's participation in the rebellion, no
matter to what extent that participation may
have gone ; and there is still less pretext for
this claim of contestant, because Congress has
never assumed to declare who shall or shall
not be voters in Kentucky, even granting that
there are those who may be willing to go to
the extent of admitting that it has that power.
It is true that the Legislature of Kentucky, by
an act approved March 11, 18t52, sought to
deprive all who had participated in the rebel-
lion of the right of suffrage, but this act was
repealed by an act approved December 19,
1865, which is as follows:
" Section 1. That an act entitled "An act to amend
the fifteenth chapter of the revised statutes, entitled
'Citizens, expatriation, and aliens,"' passed March
11,1862, be, and the same is hereby, repealed, and all
persons who may have lost any constitutional, legal,
or other right or privilege by operation of said act
shall be, and arc hereby, restored to the full and free
use and enjoyment of the same, as completely as if
said act had never been passed.
"Sec. 2. This act shall be in force from its passage,
and may be pleaded in bar of any prosecution on any
indictment or otlior penal proceedings growing out
of said act."-—Myer'e Supplement, page 687, Appendix.
The act of March 11, 1863*, had also been
declared unconstitutional and void by the
supreme court of Kentucky, and full pardon
had been granted to all who took part in the
rebellion by the act of January 13,1866. The
President had proclaimed the rebellion as
closed on the 28th of August, 1866, and Con-
gress had indorsed and ratified this proclama-
tion by an act passed March 2, 1867. So that
long _ before the 4th of May, 1867, when this
election-was held, all who had in any way par-
ticipated in the rebellion were restored to all
their political rights and privileges, and had
all the qualifications of an elector as fully as
if they had never been in the rebellion at all.
What difference, then, does it make jn this
case whether seven hundred or seven thousand
of those who voted for Young had been in the
rebel army? They were still, under the con-
stitution and laws of Kentucky, qualified elect-
ors of the most numerous branch of the State
Legislature, and had as much right to vote for
a member of Csngress under the Constitution
of the United States as either of the candi-
dates themselves.
I will notice the other laws of Kentucky
touching elections when I come to speak of
the precincts rejected in the last report because
of the supposed ineligibility of the officers of
the election there, or some of them, and will
only state here that if I am right, or rather if
the committee was right when, in March last,
it said in its report:
"The committee, finding that there is no law of
Kentucky disfranchising rebel soldiers, have not
been able to see how those votes can be rejected.
This branch of the case is closed, because,
in order to be able to declare McKee legally
elected, the committee not only have to reject
by wholesale all the votes cast at all the pre-
cincts where either a rebel soldier or sympa-
thizer was an officer, but have to reject the 625
votes of the men who were rumored to have
been at some time or other in the rebel army,
and after the^have done all that they can only
foot up a majority of 87 for Colonel McKee.
Of course, if the 625 of whom I have been
speaking, none of whom voted at any of the
precincts that were excluded, have been wrong-
fully stricken out, all the other questions might
be conceded and Judge Young still be duly
elected, as the committee can only claim a
majority of 37 for McKee after rejecting all
the precincts and all the individuals that any
witness either knew or had ever heard of as
having been at any time during the war rebels
or rebel sympathizers.
But I propose to show, and as I said at first
to show conclusively, that all the judges and
other officers of the election at the rejected
precincts were legally qualified tp act as such.
All the reports concede that any man in Ken-
tucky who has the right to vote is competent to
bean officer of an election. The first report inti-
mated, rather than asserted, that there might
be some question as to the legality of this elec-
tion at a number of precincts, because a major-
ity of the officers conducting the election there
voted for Judge Young. The last report seeks
to exclude the votes cast at these precincts for
the reason that the officers, or some of them,
were not qualified voters, because they had been
rebels, and therefore could not be officers of
the election. I will first cite the laws of Ken-
tucky bearing upon this question, and then
notice the objections made in said reports. The
laws I refer to are as follows:
" Each county court shall, in the month of June or
July in every year, appoint two justices of the peace,
if so many there be, or one justice and one other
suitable person, as j uiiges, and a clerk of the election
for each precinct in tbo county. It shall also in the
month of March or April of every second year ap-
point two suitable persons as judges, and a clerk of
the election for each district for the election of jus-
tices of the peace and constables in the county. Such
judges and the clerks shallhold theiroffices till their
successors arc appointed and qualified."
■fc # v v v ^
"Should tho court fail to appoint such judges or
clerk, or either fail to appear for thirty minutes after
the time for commencing tho election, or refuse to
act, tho sheriff or his deputy shall appoint a suitable
person or persons to act in his or their stead for that
election."—licv. Stat, of Kentucky, vol. 1, p. 432.
[Myers's Supplement, p. 456.]
" An Act to amend section one, article three, chap-
ter thirty-two, title 4 Elections/ of the Revised
Statutes.
"jBe it enacted by ih p General Assembly of the Common-
wealth of Kentucky, That hereafter, &o long as there
are two distinct political parties in this Common-
wealth, the sheriff, judges, and clerk of election, in
all cases of election by tho people under the Consti-
tution and laws of the United States, and under the
constitution and laws of Kentucky, shall be so se-
lected and appointed as that one of the judges at each
place of voting shall be of one political party, and
the other judge of the other or opposing political
party; and that a like difference shall exist at each
place of voting between the sheriff and clerk of elec-
tions: Provided, That there be a sufficient number
of the members of each political party resident in
tho several precincts as aforesaid to fill said offices.
And this requirement shall be observed by all officers
of this Commonwealth who have the power to ap-
point any of the aforesaid officers of election, under
the penalty of a fine of $100 for each omission, to be
recovered by presentment of the grand jury.
" March 15,1862,
"An act to amend an act entitled 4An act to amend
section one, article three, chapter thirty-two, title
* Elections, of the Kevised Statutes,' approved Feb-
ruary 11,1&3S.'
"Sec. 1. That in construing the actapproved Feb-
ruary 11,3858, to which this is an amendment, those
who have engaged in the rebellion forthe overthrow
of the Government, or who have in any way aided,
counsolcd, or advised tho separation of Kentucky
from the Federal Union by force of arms, or adhered
to those engaged in the effort to separate her from
the Federal Union by forcc of arms, shall not be
deemed one of the political parties in this Common-
wealth within the provisions of the act to which this
is an amendment.
"Sec. 2. This act to take effect from-and after its
passage."
The first act merely points out how officers
of elections shall be appointed. The second
provides that each political party, so long as
there are two, shall be equally represented in
the officers so appointed, and inflicts a fine of
$100 on the judge or sheriff who violates this
provision. The third, which is an amendment
to the second, as its title shows, merely pro-
vides that no political organization which ad-
heres to those engaged in rebellion, or which
givesit aid or comfort, orseeks to separate Ken-
