THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ing, honest and faithful in bis dealings, and hav-
ing a mind such as the God of heaven had im-
planted within him, and which it was intended
and designed should be called into exercise
and displayed before the American people.
He goes there, and I may say, almost in the
language of Mr. Clay in reference to the State
of Kentucky, he enters the State of Tennessee
an orphan, poor, penniless, without the favor
of the great; "but scarce had he set his foot
upon her generous soil when he was seized
and embraced with parental fondness, caressed
as though he had been a favorite child, and
patronized with liberal and unbounded munifi-
cence." In the first instance ho applies to
the people of his county to honor him by giv-
ing him a seat in the lower branch of the State
Legislature. That wish is granted. Next he
is sent to the State Senate ; then to the House
of Eepresentatives of the American Congress ;
then, by the voice of the people in two hard
fought contests, he was elected Governor of
the State; then he was sent to the Senate of
the United States, and his whole career thus
far was a career in which he had been honored
and respected by the people, and it has only
been within some two or three years that
charges have been preferred against him such
as those which are presented now.
Never since the days of Warren Hastings,
ay, never since the days of Sir Walter Raleigh,
has any man been stigmatized with more severe
reprobation than the President of the United
States. All the powers of invective which the
able and ingenious Managers can command
have been brought into requisition to fire your
hearts and to prejudice your minds against him.
A perfect storm has been raised around him.
All the elements have been agitated.
"Far ixlonp.
From peak to peak the rattling crags among
Leaps the live thunder 1 Not from one lone cloud,
liut every mountain now hath found a tongue,
And Jura answers through her misty shroud,
Back to the joyous Alps, who call to her aloud 1"
The storm is playing around him ; the pitiless
rain is beating upon him; the lightnings are
flashing around him; but I have the pleasure
to state to you, Senators, to-day, and I hope
that my voice will reach the whole country,
that in the midst of it all he still stands firm,
serene, unbent, unbroken, unsubdued, unawed,
unterrified, hurling no words of threat or men-
ace at the Senate of the United States, threat-
ening no civil war to deluge his country with
blood; but feeling a proud consciousness of
his own integrity, appealing to heaven to wit-
ness the purity of his motives in his public ad-
ministration, and calling upon you, Senators,
in the name of the living God, to whom you have
made an appeal, that you will do equal and im
partial justice in this ease according to the Con-
stitution and the laws, to pronounce him inno-
cent of the offenses which have been charged
against him.
Who is Andrew Johnson? Are there not
Senators here who are well acquainted with
him? Are there not men here whose minds
go back to the stirring times of 1860 and 1801,
when treason was rife in this Capitol, when
men's faces turned pale, when dispatch after
dispatch was sent from this Chamber and from
the House of Tlepresentatives to the people
of the southern States to " fire the southern
heart," to prepare the southern mind for that
revolution which agitated our country and
which cost the lives and the treasure of the
nation to such an alarming extent? Where
was Andrew Johnson then? Standing here,
almost within ten feet of the place in which I
stand now, solitary and alone, in this magnifi-
cent Chamber, when "bloody treason flour-
ished over us," his voice was heard arousing
the nation. Some of you heard it. I only
heard its echoes as they rolled along from one
end of the land to the other, to excite and
arouse the patriotism of our common country.
Yes, he stood 11 solitary and alone," the only
member from the South who was disposed to
battle against treason then ; and he now is
called a traitor himself! He who has periled
his life in a thousand forms to put down trea-
son; be who has been reckless of danger; he
who has periled his life, his fortune, and bis
sacred honor to save this land from destruction
and ruin—he now is stigmatized and denounced
as a traitor;- and from one end of the country
to the other that accusation is made, and it
rings and rings again until the echoes even
come back to the Capitol, and are intended, if
possible, to influence the judgment of Senators!
Who is Andrew Johnson? Not a man who
is disposed to betray any trust that had been
reposed in him ; but a man who, whenever he
has been before the people who know him
best, has upon all occasions been sustained—
sustained by his neighbors, sustained by his
State, sustained by his country—and who on
all occasions has shown himself worthy of the
high confidence and trust that have been re-
posed in him.
I know, Senators, that when I state these
things in your presence and in your hearing
they may excite a smile of derision among
some of those who differ with him in opinion.
I know that an unfortunate difference of opin-
ion exists between the Congress of the United
States and the President, and I feel, in at-
tempting to address you in his behalf upon
some of the very questions about which this
difference exists, that, in the language of Mr.
Adams, I am walking in the midst of burning
plowshares; but I pray Almighty God to
direct me and to lead me aright, for I believe
in His presence this day that my distinguished
client is innocent of the charges that are pre-
ferred against him; and I hope that God's
blessing, that has followed him thus far in life,
will follow him now, and that he wifl at the
end of this trial come out of the fiery furnace
through which he is passing without the smell
of fire upon his garments.
Who is Andrew Johnson ? Why, Senators,
when the battle of Manassas, as we called it in
the South, or of Bull Run, as 1 believe it is
called in the North, was fought, when our
troops were defeated, when they rushed in hot
haste and awful confusion to this capital, when
men's faces turned pale and their hearts grew
faint, where was Andrew Johnson then, this
traitor, this usurper, this tyrant? Again he
was heard in his place in the Senate, and he
rises with a resolution in his hand, undis-
mayed, unfaltering, believing in the justice of
the great cause in which the country was en-
gaged, and once more his voice was heard
proclaiming to the whole land and to all the
world the objects and purposes of the war and
the determination of the Congress of the Uni-
ted States, in the fear of God and in the con-
fidence of the justice of their cause, to pursue
it to an honorable and a safe conclusion. Then
it was that his voice was heard, and again the
plaudits of hundreds and thousands shook the
very walls of this Capitol in his favor, as they
had done on former occasions when he stood
here and vindicated the American Constitu-
tion and proclaimed the determination of the
Government, to uphold and to maintain it.
One word more, Senators, in regard to the
President of the United States. It is admitted
upon all hands that we are addressing gentle-
men of the highest intelligence and position in
the land, many of whom, as has been repeat-
edly said, are judges and lawyers well skilled
in the law. What has been your rule of con-
duct either as judges or lawyers when you
came to pronounce judgment upon the conduct
of a fellow-man? You endeavored to place
yourselves in his position; you endeavored to
look at things from his stand-point; you en-
deavored to judge of them as he judged of
thein ; and when you thus act you are enabled
understandingly to determine whether the par-
ticular act in question be right or wrong, I
only ask you here to-day, if it be possible for
you to do so, to place yourselves in Andrew
Johnson's position, and to look from his stand-
point, and judge in the manner in which he
judged. I know, Senators, that this is asking
a great deal at your hands. I know it is ask-
ing a great deal of men who have fixed opinions
upon subjects like these to review their own
opinions and to consider them, especially where
they are different from those of the mail whose .
conduct they are endeavoring to judge. But
I feel, when I am addressing you here to-day,
that I am not addressing a Senate such as the
honorable Managers spoke of the other day; I
am not addressing mere politicians; I feel
that I am addressing judges—the most eminent
judges known to the laws and the Constitution
of our country—judges- sitting upon the great-
est trial known to the Constitution; judges
who have prescribed an oath for themselves ;
and while I know, while we all feel, the power
of passion and of prejudice and preconceived
opinion, and know the difficulty of laying them? '
aside, yet, Senators, I would humbly and re-
spectfully invoke you this day, in the name
of that God to whom you have appealed, to
make one honest, faithful effort to banish frbm
your mind, as far as possible, all precon-
ceived opinions; to sink the politician in the
judge; to rise to the dignity and majesty of
this great occasion; and, though it be like
cutting off a right arm or plucking out a right
eye, I ask you, Senators, to rise to that super-
human, God-like effort which shall enable-
you to banish these opinions and to do that'
equal and impartial justice which you have
sworn to do.
Some people think that this cannot be done.
It is impossible to close our eyes against what
is taking place out of doors. It is impossible
not to know that the newspapers have dis-
cussed this case. The press of this country
is now the most tremendous power that be-
longs to it, a power greater than the power of
Presidents and Senators and Representatives,
the mightiest power known to the land. It is
impossible for us to close our eyes against the
fact that this case has been discussed and dis-
cussed over and over again in every form by
those who favor impeachment and by those
who are opposed to it, and all manner of
opinions have been expressed. Some have
said that they can calculate just exactly what
is to be the result of this trial. Senators, I
have made no such calculation. 1 declare to
you hero most solemnly, I declare to this coun-
try most solemnly, that I make no such cal-
culation. No such'unworthy investigation lias
for a moment agitated my mind. No, Sena-
tors; I would not do a thing so unworthy of the
lofty position which you hold in the land. I
say to you, and I say to the whole country, that
whatever others may think, whatever they may
believe, I for one do not believe that impeach-
ment is a foregone conclusion. If I thought
so, humble as I am, and exalted as you are,
I would scorn the idea of addressing myself
to this honorable court; but I do not believe
it. No, sirs, no; nothing but a result which
I trust in God never will happen will bring
me to the conclusion that any such state of
things exists with honorable men, the rep-
resentatives of the sovereignty of the States ;
for, Senators, we all know enough about the
history of our country to know that it requires
no ordinary talent, no ordinary character, no
ordinary experience to get to this Chamber in
which you are acting as the representatives
of the States. It requires standing, character,
age, talent, to enable men to come here and
to occupy the positions that you now occupy ;
and, for the honor of our common country, for
the honor of American Senators, for the honor
of our noble ancestors who framed this tribu-
nal with a view to do equal and impartial
justice, I cannot for one moment credit such
things. I would say now, as I have seen it
said on sonic few occasions, I would say now
as ever to tlie American people, place no con-
fidence in these things; believe that, the Sena-
tors of the American nation are all honest and
honorable men; and in every time of tiial and
of danger, when tho billows of excitement roll
high, when human passions are aroused and
agitated in the highest degree, look to the Sen-
ate ; look with hope and with confidence ; look-
to those men who are in some degree elevated
above dependence upon mere popular clamor
and hasty and temporary excitement; look to
