1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2345
out any reference to any proceedings then pending
in the then present action of Congress in regard to
the President whatever."
That is equivalent to swearing that the sig-
natures were procured at a time wlxeu the im-
peachment proceedings were pending, because
he says the signatures were not procured with
any reference to the then pending proceedings.
This goes to show conclusively that the letters
were obtained at the time when they bear date,
the 9th of March.
Mr. BUTLER. Will the gentleman allow
me a single question?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Yes; I will hear the
question.
Mr. BUTLER. I would like an answer to
this question: if any gentleman asks you to
sign a recommendation to the President of the
United States to protect the rights of citizens
of the United States by all the means consist-
ent with the honor and dignity of the country
will you refuse to sign it?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Why, Mr. Speaker, it
makes all the difference——
Mr. BUTLER. Oh, answer.yes or no.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. It makes all the differ-
ence in the world with what motive you sign
any such paper, and it is that motive which it
is desired by this investigation to ascertain, to
see whether, as is charged in the country, these
managers were influenced by corrupt and im-
proper motives.
As I understand the Alta Yela case, the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] in
his opinion represented only one class of citi-
zens. Now, as I understand it, there are two
classes of citizens, two sets of claimants to this
island of Alta Vela. And, as I now under-
stand it, the gentleman from Massachusetts
was endeavoring to influence the President to
interfere or interpose on behalf of those whom
his friends represented. It is that fact which
makes the signing of that letter either inno-
cent or wrongful. It is that fact, the circum-
stances under which the letter was written, the
purpose for which it was written, and the mo-
tive with which it was written, that gives char-
acter to the act, and that is what we desire to
have ascertained by means of an investigating
committee.
Mr. LOGAN. The purpose is to investigate
whether there were corrupt motives or not.
Now, I ask the gentleman from Wisconsin,
as a member of this House and a gentleman, to
state whether he charges that there were cor-
rupt motives?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the gentleman had
paid any attention to me he would understand
that I do not undertake to impugn the motives
of any man in this matter, neither do I upon
any occasion make any such gross or ungen-
tlemanly charges as are sometimes made by
others upon this floor. I say that if the affidavit
of Chauncey Black means anything at all, if
he is entitled to any credit at all—and so
far as the managers are concerned he is en-
titled to full credit, for he is their witness—it
shows that these signatures were procured for
the very purpose of operating upon the mind
of the President. The President and the Sec-
retary of State had the ease before them ; they
had been considering it since July, 1867, and
it was for the very purpose of influencing the
President to act in accordance wi|h the views
of Judge Black and the party lie represents that,
these signatures were procured, avowedly so.
Now, I care not what may be the character,
or how high may be the position of Judge
Black, I am not here to impugn or to defend
him. I am not here to say that he is right
and that the President is wrong in this matter.
But I say that this matter, presented as it is,
naturally raises a suspicion in tlie minds of the
people and of all just men, that there is some
connection between this letter and the action
of Judge Black.
It has been put forth in the papers as a fact
that Judge Black withdrew from the defense
of the President because of a difference of
opinion between him and the President upon
the Alta Vela claim. Now, it may have been
entirely right and proper that he should with-
draw. I do not express any opinion upon that
question at all. But here stand the two great
facts, that after the President had been sum-
moned to the bar of the Senate, while the pro-
ceeding of impeachment was pending against
him, one of his principal counsel—one whom
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] says he would rather have defending the
President than any pseudo-republican—with-
drew from the defense of the President.
At the same time we find that four of the
managers of this House had given opinions
in accordance with the views entertained by
Judge Black and his firm of lawyers in regard
to this Alta Vela question. Wo find that they
give the opinion that they are surprised that
the President has not before this enforced the
claim of the party represented by Judge Black
upon the island of Alta Vela, with all the
power and force consistent with the honor and
dignity of this nation.
Now, if these facts taken in connection,
taken together as they stand, are not enough to
raise suspicion, then I would ask any gentle-
man what facts would raise a question in the
minds of honest men? But the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] has gone even
further. He tells us that this claim is so great,
is of such vast importance, that the Legisla-
ture of the State of Pennsylvania has passed a
resolution indorsing it. He tells us, also, that
the Legislature of the State of New Jersey
has acted upon this claim, and by resolu-
tion has indorsed the validity of the position
taken by the managers and by Judge Black
and his firm of lawyers. How vast a claim
must it then be that can exert such an influ-
ence in the country as this ! How important
a matter must it be, when it can command the
influence of the House of Representatives or
a portion of them, of a majority of the man-
agers of impeachment, and obtain resolutions
in its favor from the Legislatures of the States
of Pennsylvania and New Jersey 1
Is it then a matter of such light importance ?
Is it a matter of such little moment? Is it a
matter to be laughed off and trifled with as
gentlemen would trifle with it? Why do they
not tell us that they did not expect this letter
was to go to the President ? The gentleman
from California, [Mr. Higby,] who knows
nothing about the matter, tells us that the let-
ter is not addressed to the President; but no
such defeuse as th^t has been put in by the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
or the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logan.]
No such answer as that is made by either of
the gentlemen.
Mr. LOGAN. If the gentleman will allow
me, I desire_ to say that he is certainly mis-
taken. Isaid'herc in the presence of the House,
and the gentleman heard it—-whether he has
forgotten it I do not know  
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not yield to the
gentleman any further.
Mr. LOGAN. I stated most emphatically
that 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not yield to the gen-
tleman. He never can be a gentleman in
putting a question, and never can treat an
opponent with any sort of courtesy. He never
will be polite or civil. I do not wish, how-
ever, to do the gentleman any injustice.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
to say of a member of the House that he
"never can be a gentleman" is not parlia-
mentary.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I did not say that, I
believe.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not take any exception
to the remark. You cannot expect anything
else from a blackguard.
The SPEAKER. The remark of the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] is unparlia-
mentary.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not take it back.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 think the Chair mis-
understood me. At all events, I had no inten-
tion of making such a remark as the Chair has
stated. I did not intend to do the gentleman
from Illinois any injustice. If he did make
the denial, it escaped my attention. But, sir,
if the gentleman does deny it, we have the
sworn affidavit of Mr. Chauncey F. Black that
he procured the signatures, not for Colonel
Chaffer, but for himself, and that he presented
these signatures 
Mr. LOGAN. If the gentleman will allow
me 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not yield to the '
gentleman. i
Mr. UPSON. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Yes, sir.
Mr. UPSON. I desire to inquire whether
that affidavit of Chauncey F. Black has not
reference to the second letter, which contained
a copy of the first, and not to the one signed
by General Logan or General Butler.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. No, sir. I think it re-
fers to both.
Mr. UPSON. The gentleman will find, I
think, if he reads the affidavit, that it refers
only to the last letter.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I have read it, and I
think the gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. GARFIELD. Will the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] yield to me for a
moment, that I may make a few remarks, and
also send to the Clerk's desk to be read a let-
ter from Judge Black?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will yield to the gen-
tleman for that purpose.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I wish to
say in reference to my signature to this paper
that I had seen the report in this case, (for
there is a printed official report from the Sec-
retary of State in regard to the island of Alta
Vela,) and either Mr. Black, junior, or Mr. Shaf-
fer, or both together, (I forget which,) showed
mean opinion written by General Butler and
approved by General Logan, and asked me
whether I felt at liberty to sign it. I glanced
hastily over it and was of the opinion, as I
still am, that it was good law, and I signed
the paper. I cannot fix the date of that, but I
am quite confident it was as early as, perhaps
before, the 1st of March. But I am unable by
any means to fix the date with precision. Some
days after that (and I make this statement out
of regard for two managers who are concerned
in this case) a copy of that paper, which had
been written by General Butler and signed
by General Logan and myself, was brought to
this House. Colonel Shaffer and Mr. Black,
I think, were here together, and they, not
having the privilege of the floor, asked me if
I would not hand that to two or three gentle-
men here for their signatures. I went to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] a prom-
inent man, and occupyinga seat near the front,
where the paper was given to me. I asked
him to sign it. "What is it?'' he said, in his
apparently rather petulant way. I replied,
"It is an opinion of General Butler in favor
of asserting the right of some American citi-
zens to a certain island." "Oh," said he,
"you mean that Alta Vela matter; I do not
know much about it." I let the paper lie on
his table.
Probably in five minutes from that time I
passed by there and said, " Bingham, have you
signed that paper?" "Well, is it all right?"
said he. "I think it is; I signed it myself,"
I replied; and he then signed his name. T
should be surprised if Mr. Bingham, if he is
not possessed of an extraordinary memory,
would remember the transaction fifteen min-
utes.
I also passed the paper to Mr. Stevens, who
was sitting, I think, at the Clerk's desk. I
said, "This is an opinion of General Butler,
Mr. Stevens, with regard to the claim of some
of our citizens to an island." "Well," said
he, "I know something about that; 1 think
Seward has acted like a rascal," or some re-
mark like that, [laughter.] and he signed the
paper. That accounts for the signatures of the
two managers; and so far from there being any
concert of action, any purpose in that signing
except such as appears on a hundred papers
