1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4393
Mr. BANKS. I object to any yielding by
my colleague, to whom I yielded and to no one
ds6.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I frankly admit that
I agreed to the striking out of the preamble
simply because I did not believe the bill could
pass without so doing.
Several members here again asked the gen-
tleman to yield.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a point of order. Who has the floor, the gen-
tleman from Iowa or some other gentleman ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
has the floor, the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Banks] having yielded to him
with the limitation'that he shall not yield to
any one else. The Chair will therefore protect
the gentleman from Iowa from interruptions.
This is a uniform usage which all old members
of the House are familiar with.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Well, I
am not old enough to see that the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs has a right
to tell the gentleman from Iowa what to say.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ijse] that when he has the floor he can yield
upon any conditions he sees fit to impose, and
resume the floor when he sees fit.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. My col-
league imposed no conditions when he yielded.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I wish the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] to un-
derstand that the gentleman from Iowa knows
what to say without being told by the chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
doubt that.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. Upon my motion
the House placed upon this bill a preamble
setting forth fully and clearly the doctrines of
this House. In the first place that no cession
of territory can be made without the consent
of the House ; in the second place, that no
money can he appropiated without the con-
sent of the House; and in the third place, that
no foreigners can be naturalized without the
consent of the House. Now, to all of these
propositions the Senate entirely disagree, and
1 am satisfied will never consent. The ques-
tion, then, simply is, shall the Alaska bill be
defeated or shall the House withdraw the
demand that these principles shall be incor-
porated in this bill ? As a friend of the Alaska
bill, I have consented, so far as I am eon cerned,
to withdraw our demand to have this placed in
the bill. We have placed our vote on record
in favor of these propositions. That vote
stands there, and I have no doubt the House
will adhere to it hereafter. And believing
that the bill cannot pass without our with-
drawal of this demand, I have consented to it.
I do not ask the House to do it. I say frankly
and freely I would rather the whole preamble
was stricken out than to have it stand as it is
now. I refused to sign the report of the com-
mittee of conference until the majority of the
committee were against me and then I signed it.
Mr. MILLER. 1 desire to ask the gentle-
man a question.
Mr. BANKS. I object to his yielding,
Mr. LOGAN. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts if he will allow me to ask the
gentleman from Iowa a question 1
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I hope the gentle-
man will allow me to answer.
Mr. BANKS. No, sir; no.
Mr. MILLER. I rise to a question of order.
I would ask whether, when the gentleman from
Massachusetts has yielded to the gentleman
fiom Iowa, he can dictate to the gentleman
from Iowa whether he shall answer questions
or not ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has answered
that question on the point of order made by
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. But-
ler.] A gentleman who has the floor can
yield it unconditionally or conditionally and
resume the floor whenever he sees fit. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks]
has yielded the floor to the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Loitghridge] on conditions, and as
long as he maintains those conditions the Chair
will protect him and his rights under the rules.
Mr. LOGAN. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman. from Massachusetts a question.
Mr. BANKS. I cannot answer any ques-
tions now. I will answer any question when
I get possession of the floor, but I cannot now.
Mr. CQLLOM. I would like to ask the
gentleman from Massachusetts if he still per-
sists in controlling the gentleman from Iowa ?
Mr. BANKS. I do not control the gentle-
man from Iowa at all. I yield to my colleague
on the conference committee, and to no other
member of the House.
Mr. CULLOM. I hope he will allow the
gentleman from Iowa to answer questions if he
sees proper to do so.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Illinois is not in order.
Mr. BENTON. I rise to a question of order.
I desire to propound a parliamentary question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not
answer parliamentary questions.
Mr. BENTON. 1 understand the chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs to say
that he does not now object to the gentleman
from Iowa answering questions.
Mr. BANKS. I have yielded to my col-
league on the conference committee for the
purpose of making a statement, and I yield to
no one else.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, therefore,
overrules the point of order made by the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire, [Mr. Benton.]
Mr. LOGAN. 1 rise to a question of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. LOGAN. I asked the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] if he would allow
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Lougiikidge]
to answer me a question. The gentleman
from Iowa insisted upon answering my ques-
tion, and asked the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts to allow him to answer it, and he
would not do so. Now, my question of order
is this: when a member is on the floor and
desires to answer a question can another mem-
ber stand behind him, as though he had a
bayonet, and prevent his answering the ques-
tion ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair_ will decide
this point of order for the fourth time. When-
ever the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan]
shall be entitled to the floor, and shall state
that he will yield to another upon conditions,
the Chair will protect him in the enforcement
of those conditions, as he now protects the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks]
in enforcing the conditions upon which he has
yielded the floor.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I hold the floor only
by the courtesy of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Banks.] I would be glad to
answer questions, but 1 have no right to do so
without his consent.
Mr. Speaker, as a member of the committee
of conference, I desire to say a few words in
explanation of the report which I have signed.
The preamble as adopted originally by the
House, stated fully and clearly that the three
stipulations of the treaty mentioned therein :
1. The stipulation to pay the money.
2. The stipulation to accept of the cession
of the Territory and its incorporation into this
Government; and
j Z. The stipulation that the Russian inhab-
; itants of said territory should be invested with
j the rights and privileges of American citizens,
I were all of them among the subjects which,
' by the Constitution were submitted to the
i power of Congress, and that Congress had ju-
risdiction over them, and that the same, nor
any of them could have any force or effect
until the assent of Congress is given thereto.
This preamble was adopted by a vote of 98
yeas to 49 nays, and quite a number who voted
against the preamble done so because the
same concluded in favor of carrying the treaty
into effect, while they were really in favor of
the construction of the law as therein stated.
The declaration thus made by the House is
clear, explicit, and unmistakable, and Thave
no doubt will be adhered to by the House in
the future. To this declaration the Senate re-
fused to agree, and hence the committee of
conference.
The committee on the part of the Senate
stated freely and frankly that they could, in no ■
event, consent to the preamble, and that the
Senate would not consent, and that they held
that the House was bound to carry out the
stipulations of all treaties, and that when a
treaty provided for the payment of money fbr
any purpose that such stipulation created a
debt, and that the House had no discretion in
relation to the payment of the same—doctrine,
of course, utterly at variance with the law and
with the principles asserted in the preamble as
passed by the House—and it is manifestly im-
possible to reconcile opinions so utterly at
variance upon so important a question. The
majority of the committee on the part of the
House could, in no event, consent to any such
doctrine, so utterly subversive of the rights
and constitutional prerogatives of the House.
The only question, then, for the committee
was whether the House should insist in incor-
porating the doctrine claimed by the House in
the bill, and thus prevent the passage of the
bill and the carrying out of the treaty, or
whether, in view of this vital difference between
the Senate and the House, it should not advise
the waiver of the right to the declaration in the
bill. The committee deemed the latter the
better course. I am myself fully satisfied that
the Senate will not consent to the original pre-
amble, and that to insist upon it will simply
defeat the bill, and this I, for one, should
dislike to do.
It mustbe remembered that the committee in
this course do not recommend the House to
give up its claim or its position heretofore
taken. But by the opposite course they would
insist upon the Senate and the President sol-
emnly consenting to the claim of the House.
If I were opposed to the passage of the bill
I should oppose the course taken by the com-
mittee, but being in favor of it, and deeming
this course necessary to the passage of the
bill, I have agreed with the committee.
I think the Senate should have agreed to the
preamble. In refusing to do so, they show an
intention to continue the encroachment upon
the rights of the House which has been going-
on on the part of the treaty-making power for
years, and which this House owes it to itself
and to the country to put a stop to. Had it not
been for the peculiar circumstances of this
case, not the least of which is the friendship
shown us by llusssia in the dark days of the
rebellion, I should have felt like insisting
upon the disagreement of the House and de-
feating the treaty, which would have been the
result of that course.
The preamble agreed upon makes no state-
ment upon the real question at issue between
the House and Senate. It simply states that
legislation is necessary to carry out the stipu-
lations of the treaty which everybody admits
and nobody denies. The real issue is waived.
I understand this perfectly well, and I agreed
to it with that understanding. The House
gives up nothing, waives no jot or tittle of its
claims of jurisdiction over the stipulations of
treaties involving, as this does, matters which
are submitted to Congress by the Constitution.
It simply says it will not. insist upon the Senate
agreeing by this bill to the view of the Con-
stitution as held by the House. But that
each House shall retain and exercise the right
to regulate its action in the future by its own
judgment of the law.
The opinion of the House as to its power
stands on record by the adoption of the ori-
ginal preamble, and the treaty-making power
and the country and foreign nations can under-
stand what the view of the House is and what
their future course will be.
I would not consent to the passage of this
bill if I thought it could be considered as a
precedent and authority for like unauthorized
