288
SUPPLEMENT TO
the Senate; look to it with confidence, and
. thus looking your hope shall not be in vain.
Thus it is, Senators, that I shall endeavor
to address you on this occasion. It is with
this hope and with this confidence that I ap-
proach the consideration of some of the other
topics which have been raised in this cause. I
asked you a moment ago, if possible, to place
yourselves in the condition of the President of
the United States, to divest yourselves, so far
as von can, of all preconceived opinions—and
I admitted that it is an almost superhuman
effort to do so—and to place yourselves, as far
as you can, in liis position, to look at his acts
in the manner in which he looked at them.
And now trace the history of his life in another
view, his life as a politician.
Who is the President of the United States?
A Democrat of the straightest of strict con-
structionists ; an old Jacksonian, Jeffersonian
Democrat; a man who proclaimed his Democ-
racy in the very letter of acceptance which he
wrote at the time when he was nominated for
the Vice Presidency ; a man who told you and
who told the whole country in that letter that
he was a Democrat, and who endeavored to
arouse the old Democracy to what he called
the pure and correct Democracy of the coun-
try to rally around the national flag, and to
sustain the country in the great conflict through
which it was passing. Now, when you look
at this, and when you consider all the public
speeches that he ever made, examine the rec-
ords of Congress, examine your debates every-
where, look to any question in which an in-
quiry into the Constitution of the United States
was ever involved, where do you find the Pres-
ident? You find him under all circumstances
a strict constructionist of the Constitution,
adhering with tenacity to the principles of that
party filith in which he had been trained and
educated ; and when you look at the great dif-
ference of opinion thatexists between him and
yourselves and him and the House of Repre-
sentatives upon the great questions that are
agitating the country, while you may differ
from him in opinion, while you do differ with
him in opinion, yet, Senators, I ask you if
he may not, honestly entertain an opinion dif-
ferent from yours? Do accord to him some-
thing of those motives that you accord to every
other human being upon a trial; accord to
him at least what the laws of the land grant to
the meanest criminal who ever was arraigned
at the bar of justice ; accord to him the benefit
of the legal presumption that he shall be pre-
sumed innocent until the contrary appears.
Look at his motives, look at the manner in
which he has acted ; and if there has been, as
there is, an unfortunate difference of opinion
between him and the Congress of the United
States upon great constitutional questions, why,
Senators, attribute thatdifference, ifyou please,
to the training, to the education, to the habits
of thought of his whole life; but do not, in the
absence of proof, attribute it to unworthy,
base, mean, dishonorable motives, as you are
asked to do on the other side.
I beg leave, Senators, to remind you of the
resolution to which I adverted a few moments
ago; lor, in the view which 1 take of this case,
that resolution furnishes a key to the whole
conduct of the President in the controversy
out <>t which this uufoitunate prosecution has
arisen. How was that resolution oi 1801 ? It
is familiar to you all:
"Revolved, That the present deplorable civil war
has been foieed upon the country by the disunionisls
of the southern States now in icvolt aKainst.-theoon-
stiUUionut Gov enmient and in aims around the capi-
tal; that in this national emergency Congress, ban-
ishing a!i feeling of mere nas.-ion or resentment, will
recollect only its duty to tile whole country; that this
war is not prosecuted on our part in any spirit of
oppression, nor i'or any purpose of conquest or sub-
jugation, nor for the purito.se of overthrowing the
rights or established institutions of those States, but
to defend and maintain the supremacy of the Consti-
tution and nil laws made in pursuance thereof, and
to preserve the Union with all the dignity, equality,
and rights of the several States unimpaired ; that as
soon as these objects are accomplished the war ou^ht
to cease."
There is the chart that has guided the Presi-
dent of the United States in the discharge of
his official duty; there is the platform on which
he has stood; and if he has not viewed it in
the light in which others regarded it, still, Seu-
ators, we ask you if it is not capable of being
regarded in the light in whichhe viewed it? If
it is, then, as I shall maintain, we deprive this
prosecution of all improper motive. I declare
here to you to day that in view of all the testi-
mony which has been offered on the otherside,
in view of all that is known to the history of
the country, with the exception of one solitary
circumstance, the President of the UnitedStates
has stood up in letter and in spirit to what
he believed to be the terms of this resolution
which was adopted with something approach-
ing unanimity in both Houses of Congress in
1801. In the progress of the war he felt that
it was necessary for him to yield the question
of slavery so far as he had any influence in the
State or section of country in which he resided.
He did yield, and he went as far as the farthest
to proclaim emancipation in the State over
which he had been placed as military gov-
ernor ; but in all other respects he has en-
deavored to carry out the terms of this resolu-
tion, which was introduced by himself in the
Senate, and into the other House by the ven-
erable Crittenden, known to you all, who now
is no more, but whose memory will be cher-
ished with veneration and respect so long as
America shall have a name. So long as talent
and genius and independence and faithfulness
and firmness shall be venerated and respected,
the name of that great and good man will be
honored in our own and all other lands.
Do not misunderstand me, Senators. It is
not my purpose to enter to-day upon any dis-
cussion of the differences of opinion between
the Congress of the United States and the
President in regard to the different reconstruc-
tion policy which has been pursued by each.
I only advert to it for the purpose of showing
that there was a pledge that the dignity, equal-
ity, and rights of the States should be pre-
served; and in 1800 and in 3861, when the
galleries of this Senate rang with shouts and
applause of the multitude, when fair women
and brave men were not ashamed to express
their admiration for and gratitude to liini who
is now en trial before you, he advocated a doc
tiinc which was exceedingly obnoxious to the
people of the southern States. What was that
doctrine/ It was that the Congress of the
United States had the power to compel obe-
dience to the Constitution and laws of the
United States. He denounced the doctrine
of secession. He denied that any State had
the right to withdraw from the Union without
the consent of all the States. He insisted that
the whole power of the Government should be
brought into requisition to keep those States
within the Union.
He faithfully maintained his principles dur-
ing the war. When the war was over; when
Lee surrendered suddenly and unexpectedly;
when the Government was cast upon him by an
act beyond his control; when all its responsibil-
ities were devolved upon him, and in the sud-
den emergency in which he was called upon to
act it was necessary for him to act promptly,
to act hastily, to act speedily, so as to bring
the stale of hostilities to a final termination as l|
soon as possible, Senators, what did he do? i!
There was no time to call Congress together,
no time to assemble the representatives of the !;
nation, for the situation of the country, unon '
Lee's suirender, demanded immediate and I
prompt action. What did the President do?
According to the testimony of Mr. Stanton 1
himself, which is now known and familiar I
through all the land, the President of the Uni-
ted States undertook to carry out what he be- I;
lieved to be the policy of his lamented prede- 11
eessor. He undertook this in good faith. He I
retained the Cabinet which Mr. Lincoln left, f
He manifested no desire to segregate himself i
from the party by whom he had been elevated to i
power. Heendeavoredfaithfuilytocarryoutthe
provisions of the resolution of 1801 to preserve i
the dignity, equality, and rights of the States, ji
and not to impair them in the slightest degree, il
And now the question which I put before this
Senate and before the whole country is this;
suppose he committed an error; suppose he is
wrong j suppose Congress is right; in the name
of all that is sacred, I ask can you predicate
guilt of any acts like these? In the name of
all that is sacred, I ask can any one say that he
is a traitor to his principles, or a traitor to the
party that elected him? It is a mere difference
of opinion, an unfortunate, a very unfortunate
one, between him and the Congress of the
United States; but who can say in the spirit
of candor and truth that he was not endeavor-
ing and did not in all his acts strive to carry
out what he believed to be the policy of the
party by whom he was elevated to power?
When he did everything that he thought it was
necessary to do; when, following the exam-
ple of Mr. Lincoln in regard to Arkansas and
Louisiana, and certainly following the spirit of
Mr. Lincoln's proclamations and efforts, he
: sought to restore the other southern States to
the relations which they had maintained to our
common Union before the civil war commenced,
I ask who can say that there was guilt in all
this? You may differ with him in opinion;
you may think he was wrong ; I have no doubt
that a large majority of the Senators whom I
address do conscientiously and honestly believe
that he was wrong; but still, Senators, does
the mere fact that you think he was wrong dis-
robe this case of that part of our defense which
rests upon the honesty and the integrity of the
judgment which he exercised? Ih the name
of all that is sensible I ask, is a judge to be
tried because he mistakes the law in a charge
to a jury? I need not turn to authorities; I
need not read law books to satisfy the honor-
able Senate that every man acting in a judicial
capacity, from a simple justice of the peace up
to the Chief Justice of the highest court in the
United States, is protected by the laws of the
land in the faithful and honest exercise of the
judgment that is conferred upon him.
You have heard a great deal, Senators, about
the doctrine of implied powers. I may have
occasion to speak of that again in another part
of my observations to you ; but now let me
put one plain, simple question to this Senate
and to the whole country: can any man put
his finger upon any sentence or clause in the
Constitution of our country which says who is
to restore the relations of peace in the land
when they have been disturbed by a civil war?
You have the power to suppress rebellion ; but
the veiy moment you go beyond the language
of ihe Constitution you launch out into implied
powers. The very moment you depart from
the language of the Constitution you are obliged
to resort to the doctrine of implication, and the
very moment you admit the doctrine of impli-
cation then 1 maintain that that doctrine is
just as applicable to the President of the
United States as it is to any Senator or to any
Representative.
1 know to whom I am addressing myself; I
know the intelligence and the high respecta-
bility of this great tribunal; but I put the
question with fearless confidence to every Sen-
ator, where do you get the power in the Con-
stitution to pass your reconstruction laws?
Where do you get it unless you get it under the
power to suppress insurrection ? Where do you
get it unless you obtain it under those general
powers by which the war was carried on, and
under which it was declared that a Government
has an inherent right to protect itself against
dissolution ? Where do you get the power else-
where? In the name of law and order and
justice that you have inscribed upon the tablet
over the door that enters into this magnificent
Chamber, and which I trust will be inscribed
in characters of living light upon the tnind
and the heart of every Senator I address to-
day, I ask you, Senators, where do you get this
power if you do not get it by implication?
: The Constitution is silent. It does not say
1 that Congress shall pass laws to reconstruct
: States that have been in rebellion. It does
not say that the President of the Dnited States
shall do this. You are obliged to resort to im-
