1322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
Mr. PIKE. The available resources at the
beginning of the present fiscal year were $117,-
000,000, The expenditure was $31,000,000,
leaving a balance of $86,000,000. Then the
current appropriations were $16,000,000, leav-
ing $103,000,000. Then there was covered
into the Treasury $00,000,000.
Mr. LOGAN. You are speaking of his last
report.
Mr. PIKE. That covers the amount you
give there.
Mr. LOGAN. I will show you it does not.
I maintain that the $50,000,000 which the
Secretary of the Navy mentioned last year as
an amo.unt that Congress could dispose of is
not enumerated in this $117,000,000. It is an
excess over and above that which he enume-
rates. Why? Let us see. It belongs to unex-
pended appropriations under certain heads
which have not been enumerated. That is
what he has told us. Then he says that with
this amount of $50,000,000 Congress can do
what it pleases. Now, sir, what does that arise
from? Head the report and examine fully.
Here are sales of property which belonged to
the Navy Department. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman to the next report. You
will find by his last report that he does not
dispose of that $50,000,000 at all. The Sec-
retary of the Navy in that report does not dis-
pose of that $50,000,000 in any way whatever,
but he does dispose of $65,000,000. He states
that he returned $65,000,000 to the Treasury.
That is $65,000,000 of surplus fund. It is not
the $50,000,000 which he asked Congress to
dispose of. Congress has never disposed of
that $50,000,000. It has never been covered
into the Treasury. Theresolution that covered
that into the Treasury went into the pocket of
the Finance Committee of the Senate, and has
never since seen daylight. That 1 assert here.
This is $65,000,000 that the Secretary of the
Navy himself has covered into the Treasury
outside of $50,000,000. That leaves $38,465,-
000 in his hands for the current fiscal year;
that is, after having covered $65,000,000 into
the Treasury. Now he asks for $37,000,000.
Mr. PIKE. For the next fiscal year?
Mr. LOGAN. He asks for $37,000,000 and
yet does not account for the $50,000,000 which
he alludes to in the report for the year ending
June 30, 1867. I ask the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs or the Committee
on Appropriations to tell us what has become
of it. We should know what has become of
it before we appropriate $37,000,000 more.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Ho can-
not use it unless it is appropriated.
Mr. LOGAN. Who cannot?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Sec-
retary of the Navy cannot use this amount un-
less we make specific appropriations.
Mr. LOGAN. The Secretary of the Navy,
however, does say he is using it. I was told
the other day, and I will state it for the inform-
ation of gentlemen, by an ex-Secretary of
the Interior, that whenever he wanted, while
Secretary, an amount of money to be used
for any purpose, he always called up a clerk
and found an unexpended balance for another
purpose and transferred it. You will find that
is the rule with the heads of all the Depart-
ments. I therefore ask Congress shall cover
all unexpended balances into the Treasury.
The CHAIRMAN stated that general debate
had closed.
The Clerk read as follows:
That the following sums be, and they are hereby,
appropriated, to be paid out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the year
ending the 30th of Juno, 1869:
For pay of commission, warrant, and petty officers
and soamcn, $8,000,000, or so much thereof as may be
required by existing law.
Mr. PIKE. I move to add $1,000,000. I
wish to say, if I understand the matter the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] has spoken
about, that this balance of $50,000,000 results
from the large amount of appropriations unex-
pended. The Secretary says in his report of
last year:
" There arc 1 arge amounts, however, under thehead
of construction, steam engineering, ordnance, pro-
visions, clothing, and fuel, which can with propriety
revert to the Treasury."
Then the report winds up by saying :
" The result is, tho Department is able to complete
all tho vessels and engines contracted for before the
closo of the war and designate appropriations to tho
amount of about, fifty million dollars that can bo
relinquished to the Treasury, or may be otherwise
disposed of by Congress."
Mr. LOGAN. He refers it to Congress.
Mr. PIKE. He referred it to Congress, and
it appears that Congress failed to take any
notice of it.
Mr. LOGAN. No ; this branch did not.
Mr. PIKE. This branch is not the whole
of Congress. Congress having failed to notice
it, the Secretary next year, of his own motion,
covered into the Treasury $65,000,000. That
included the $50,000,000 referred to.
Mr. LOGAN. That is the gentleman's re-
port of the facts. The Secretary's report does
not bear him out. The Secretary says he cov-
ered into the Treasury $65,000,000. He does
not say from what it came.
Mr. PIKE. From these various sources—
the sale of vessels 
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir.
Mr. PIKE. He had no others. I withdraw
the amendment.
Mr. PAINE. I move to make it $7,000,000
instead of $8,000,000, for the purpose of ask-
ing the gentleman who reported this bill a
question, and I shall be glad to have an answer
before this committee. I wish to know whether
since the year 1861 the Secretary of the Navy
has reported to Congress the amount of expend-
iture in any of the bureaus of the Navy De-
partment?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I cannot
answer the gentleman fully in regard to that
matter.
Mr. PAINE. I have then to state to the
committee this: that 1 have carefully examined
and I can find only in regard to one or two
bureaus of the Navy Department any report
of the expenditures actually made by the Sec-
retary of the Navy or his subordinates since
1861. I have asked tho chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs whether any such re-
ports had been made, and after an examina-
tion which I believe was rather extensive he
has informed me that he cannot find that any
such accounts have been rendered. Now we are
called upon to make large appropriations this
year for the several bureaus of the Navy De-
partment. I do not know thatany law requires
(he Secretary of the Navy to inform us how he
has expended tho moneys which we appropri-
ated for the last year. It may be there is no
law, but I believe—and if I am mistaken in
this I shall be glad to have any gentleman on
the Committee on Naval Affairs or the Com-
mittee on Appropriations correct me—that we
have not now any accessible information as to
the manner in which the sums appropriated for
the last fiscal year have been expended in more
than one or two of the bureaus of the Navy
Department.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Chairman, T think that
the misapprehension of the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Washburxe] and the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] with reference to
the question propounded, arises from the fact
that the Committee on Appropriations, as
stated by the Secretary of the Navy in the
communication presented by the chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs, have never
had any consultation with the Department,
with reference to the proposed reduction, but
the Committee on Appropriations have pro-
ceeded to make up their estimates from tlieir
own information. They have reported this
bill without asking or receiving the slightest
information from the only Department that
could give it.
Mr. PAINE. Allow me one word. Mr.
Chairman, the best source of information is
the report of the Secretary of the Navy, which
I hold in my hand. I believe that the commit-
tee bad a right to consult that document and
were bound to do it. And I am compelled to
say here that if you examine that report from
begining to end, you will fail to find any such
account of the expenditures in those several
bureaus as I think ought to be made to this
House.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Chairman, so far as this
immediate point which is presented by the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] is con-
cerned, it may be to some extent correct, but
I do insist upon it that if the communication
which the Secretary of the Navy sent to the
Committee on Naval Affairs had been read
through, the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Logan] would have been answered and the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] may
have been answered, and the Secretary would
have presented to Congress, as he evidently
intended to do, his objections to this wholesale
curtailment of the expenses of the naval De-
partment of the Government. It is very ob-
vious that if we are to extend our possessions
on the Northern Pacific seas, if we are to ex-
tend our commercial relations with the Indies,
if we are to protect American interests and
American tonnage and shipping, it is necessary
that we shall have those vessels of war with
which to do it; and as this bill may interfere
with the proper exercise of power necessary
for the protection of our marine and commer-
cial interests I hope that the Secretary of the
Navy, who it is to be presumed is properly
instructed upon this question, may be heard.
1 now ask that the communication from the
Secretary of the Navy, presented by the chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs, may
be read, so that the committee may be in-
structed on these several questions. I desire
the completion of the reading as a part of my
remarks.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to say, in behalf
of the Committee on Appropriations, that the
gentleman is misinformed. Although we do
not rise here to combat all the propositions
of gentlemen around us, we still may be per-
mitted to say that we acted upon the estimates
sent in to us by the proper authorities—the
printed estimates, in the first place, and then
we sent a sub-committee from our body to
visit the Navy Department and obtain all the
necessary information in respect to the differ-
ent items which make up our bill. I went
there myself two or three times.
[Here thejiammer fell.]
Mr. WOOD. I hope the document will be
read by unanimous consent.
Mr. SPALDING. I have no objection to
that, but gentlemen must not charge the com-
mittee with being remiss in their duty.
Mr. BANKS obtained the floor.
Mr. WOOD. I hope gentlemen on the other
side will consent to hear the document read
through. They want the information it pro-
poses to give them.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to
the further reading of the letter from the Sec-
retary of the Navy?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I objeet
to it.
Mr. BANKS. I move to amend so as to
reduce the amount to $5,000,000.
It is not my wish to oppose any necessary
appropriations for the support of Jhe Navy
Department. I wish to make the most liberal
appropriations that the exigencies of the coun-
try may demand at this time, and I certainly
should be glad to hear any statement from the
Navy Department on this subject; but I agree
with gentlemen who have spoken that we have
not that information in regard to the applica-
tion of previous appropriations which is neces-
sary to enable us to act properly at this time.
Heretofore it has been the custom, and I be-
lieve it was in pursuance of law, that every
appropriation not expended at the end of two
years from tho time it was made should lapse
into the Treasury. I believe that to be the
law now. There ought to be some limit of
that kind. If that law has been repealed, then
some similar provision ought to be riienacted.
Now, the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Logan] says that there are appropriations to the
