1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8871
Republican party, and who might therefore be
properly appointed officers of an election to
represent lliat party at the polls, might in May,
1807, after you had passed your reconstruction
acts and reported your confiscation bill in
March, 1867, have halted, and while support-
ing the magistrates and constables, perhaps
put forward by the Union or Republican party
in May, have refused to vote for Colonel McKee,
who seems to have exhibited at all times a
determination to keep up with his party no
matter to what extremes it went.
But I will not argue this question further.
There is no decent pretext for the rejection
either of the 625 votes reported by the com-
mittee as having been cast for Young by men
who had been rebels—although I might show
that there is no proof except hearsay as to
over two hundred and fifty of these men, that
they ever took part in the rebellion—nor of the
883 majority at the various precincts set forth
in the report at which men acted as judges,
clerks, or sheriff, who bad taken part in or
favored its success. But admitting, for the sake
of argument, that all the committee claim is
true; that the 625 votes cast by returned rebel
soldiers ought to be rejected; that all the
majorities for Young at all the precincts where
returned rebels acted in any capacity as offi-
ceis of the election, should be thrown out and
Judge Young is still elected, even according to
the last report of the committee, though they
assert otherwise. They set forth the majorities
at the various precincts and make the aggre-
gate 883 ; add to this 625 and 8 deserters, and
the total is 1,516; deduct Young's official
majority, 1,479, and they foot up McKee's
majority, when correctly substracted, as 37.
In order to get the 883, in giving the precincts
they say, as a reason for rejecting 132 majority
for Young:
"Centroville precinct. Fleming county. Mason
Caywood and 'William H. Cord, judges of ejection.
Samuel McGuire ([). 96) testifies, 'Mason Caywood
and William H. Cord have been publicly known as
southorn sympathizers, and in favor of the so-called
southern confederacy both during andsincethewar.'
"Young's majoiity iu this precinct, 132."
It is not pretended by the committee that
any of the election officers at this precinct ever
had taken part in the rebellion iu any form.
The only excuse is, that they were southern
sympathizers ; and when we turn to the proof
to sustain even that, we find that the witness,
Samuel McGuire—upon whose testimony alone
the committee rely to prove that—swears that
he did not know either Mason Caywood or
William H. Cord, and that statement of the
witness is part of the same answer from which
they extract their Quotation made in the report.
I give the question and answer in full as a fair
specimen of the way in which the committee,
in their last report, have treated this question,
and that the country at least may understand
by what rules of justice the rights of Democrats
in this House are tested :
" Question, Bo you, or do you not, know the names
of the officers of election in May, 18G7, at the Eliza-
ville, Tilton, and CentreviUe preomcts, in Floming
county, and if you know said officers, do you know
their political sentiments? Answer tully as to all
your knowledge of these points.
" Anxiccr. The names of officers atCentreville pre-
cinct are Mason Caywood «nd William H. Cord,
judges; George A. Cord, sheriU, and Samuel T.Blair,
clerk; Mason Caywood and William II. Cord are
reputed Democrats, and voted for John D. Youngfor
Congress. Georgo A. Cord voted for Samuel McKee,
and S. T. Blair lor Thomas M. Green. At Eliza,vllle,
John X. Proctor and 0. II. Dewey were judges, David
Adams, sheriff, and Charles Darnal), clerk. J ohn N.
Proctor, l)avid Adams, andCharlos Daruall voted for
John B. Youncr, andO. 11. Bewey lor Samuel McKee.
" Question. l)o you or do you not know if the men
named in your last answer, Mason Caywood, W. 11.
Cord, John N. Proctor, David Adams, Charles Bar-
nail, and Thomas Butler, are, and were during the
late rebellion, 'rebel sympathizers?'
"Answer. My personal knowledge extends only to
John N. Proctor and Bavid Adams.- A& to them I
answer yes. Mason Caywood and William H. Cord
have been, and are publicly known ai> southerrf
sympathizers, and in favor ot the so-called southern
confederacy, both during and since the war.
It will be observed that the other persons,
John N. Proctor and David Adams, were not
officers at the Centroville precinct, and as to
Mason Caywood and William H. Cord, the
witness personally knew nothing. "5cet, as I
said, on that evidence, and that alone, the
committee undertake to reject the Centreville
precinct, which gave Young 132 majority.
Surely this House will not sanction such an
outrage; surely the committee will not risk
their reputation as judges and fair men on such
a state of fact. If these 1S2 be restored to
Young, and the report be allowed to stand
as to ail else, Y'oung's majority will be ninety-
five, and he must be declared duly elected.
I will not argue at length the question as to
Judge Young's eligibility. The distinguished
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,] one of
the committee, and my colleagues [Messrs.
Golladay and Trimble] have exhausted that
branch of the case.
While I utterly deny that the act of July,
1862, requiring a test-oath, is applicable to
members of this House, that it is constitu-
tional if it was intended to bo so applied, or
that this House can prevent the member-elect
from taking it if he is wiiliug to do so, yet I
know that Judge Young would rather that his
right hand should wither and his tongue cleave
to the roof of his mouth than take that oath if
he did not know that he could take it honestly,
conscientiously, and in good faith; and the
fact that he is ready and willing to do so is to me
the highest evidence that he can do so properly.
The next highest evidence is, that during
the whole canvass, which lasted for months,
and was an animated and excited one, while
Young was publicly defying any and all men to
bring aught against him, or against his right
and ability to take that oath; while Mr. Green,
one of his opponents, was, as ho testified,
inquiring of men of all shades of political opin-
ion, everywhere throughout the district, for
some fact that he could use against Young on
that point, and could hear of nothing; and
while McKee, thus urged aud challenged, failed
to make a single allegation, either at Preston-
burg, where they all met, or anywhere else,
during the canvass or afterward, till the cele-
brated Willis Hoekaday affidavit was, in July
last, paraded before this House ; these things,
I say, ought to be conclusive that no disability
in fact exists on the part of Judge Young.
It is certain that all the men who knew
Judge Young, regardless of their political opin-
ions or prejudices, testified that while he was
at all times opposed to the prosecution of the
war, and strongly suspected, if he did not
believe, that it was being waged for the purpose
of the conquest and subjugation of the South,
and, theretore, sympathized with lier people,
he, as a citizen of Kentucky and a judge of
one of her courts, remained faithful and true
to his allegiance to his State, and obeyed all
laws, State and federal, whether he liked and
approved them or not. Whenever any friend,
neighbor, or acquaintance, no matter of what
politics, needed his assistance in any way, or
at any time, his hand and heart were alike
open, and at any personal risk or sacrifice he
relieved the distressed and ministered to the
wants of the needy. With such a record from
political friends and opponents, lie can afford
to be rejected by this House, and rely on the
men of his district to vindicate his reputation
from all the assaults of his enemies.
1 am glad to be relieved from the discussion
of the testimony of such witnesses as Greenup
Nickle and a few other infamous characters,
who have been suborned to blacken the fair
fame of Judge Y'oung. It has been done
already so fully that further exposure would be
but repetition. I will, therefore, submit the
question so far as I am concerned.
Mr. ADAMS. I now yield my remaining
time to the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Poland.]
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, I thank my
friend from Kentucky [Mr. Adams] for yield-
ing to me his time in order that I may say a
few words relative to the position of the Com-
•mittee of Elections, or rather my own position
in reference to this matter. By the favor of
the Speaker I have the honor to be a member
of the Committee of Elections. This contest
between McKee and Young was heard by the
committee early in the winter. The hearing
was very protracted. The case was elaborately
argued on both sides. The case was further
fully considered in the committee; and, as I
understood the judgment of the committee, it
was unanimous that Mr. McKee was not
elected; and a majority of the committee
determined that Young had received a major-
ity of the votes but was ineligible on account
of having been guilty of some disloyal act. As
I understaod it at the time, and as I continued
to understand it up to the time a minority
report was filed by the gentleman from Michi-
gan, [Mr. Upson,] I understood, and I have
taxed my recollection in vain to remember
when it was any other way, than that the Com-
mittee of Elections were unanimous in determ-
ining Mr. McKee was not elected, not having
received a majority of the votes. During my
absence for ten days previous to last Thursday
this case was in some way reconsidered by the
committee, and a majority of the committee
reversed their former action aud determined
McKee was elected. I saw by the newspapers
while I was absent such was the action of the
committee, and I was curious to know upon
what ground the judgment of the committee
was reversed, but I did not learn it until I saw
the report here.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have as much confi-
dence in the judgment of committees, and am
as willing to base my action and my vote here
on the action of any intelligent committee of
this House as any member upon this floor, and
I should be sorry to believe that the Commit-
tee of Elections was not as much entitled to
the consideration of this House as any other
committee. If, however, the House do not
concur with me they can be accommodated in
this case, for they have the judgment of the
committee both ways. [Laughter.]
After learning that the judgment of the
committee had been reversed, and they had
reported Mr. McKee was entitled to the seat,
I will say in the limited time since my return
I have endeavored carefully to review this
case and see whether it was not possible the
original judgment of the committee was wrong,
and I could agree with the last report of the
committee ; but, sir, I have been unable to
come to any such conclusion. The grounds
upon which this last report are based are so
fallacious that any gentleman who will give it
a careful consideration will see that they can-
not be sustained and acted upon by the House.
Now, as I understand, when the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Cooic]—who is very candid,
and also very careful, in the utterance of his
opinions—read to the House the section of the
act of March 2, 1867, and declared that it had
not come to the notice of the committee until
after they had made their report, no other
inference could be drawn from what he said
than that if they had had knowledge of the
existence of that act at the time the report was
made this last conclusion of the committee
would never have been reached.
Now, sir, I want to say a word iu relation to
Mr. Young, because I did agree with the
majority of the committee in reference to his
ineligibility, and I am prepared now to vote
that he is not entitled to a seat here. There
is certain evidence in the case in reference to
disloyal acts by Mr. Young, some portion of
which I do not believe to be true. By that I
do not mean to say that the witness who testi-
fied did not suppose he was testifying to the
truth, but I think he was mistaken in reference
to Mr. Young being the man who directed the
j squad of rebel soldiers where to find a Yankee
| soldier and to arrest him. That portion of the
evidence I lay entirely out of the case, because
I do not believe it was Mr. Young. It is
entirely at war with his whole course as shown
by the testimony.
There is auother witness, who testifies to
something in relation to his giving a gun to a
man who was talking about going into the
rebel army. But that evidence is very meager.
It possibly would bear the construction which
the committee have put upon it, that he fur-
