1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
demand an inquiry. I did not expect to draw
from those gentlemen, and particularly the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, the volley of abuse
to which it is impossible for me, having due
regard for the amenities of debate, and the
proprieties of this honorable body, to reply as
it deserves. Such language, uttered in debate
here, is more discreditable, if possible, to the
House of Representatives than it is to the
honorable gentleman from Massachusetts. I
can see no reason why this question relating to
the conduct of the managers should not have
been properly met, instead of being made the
occasion for denouncing me and bringing into
this discussion matters which have no connec-
tion whatever with the question under consider-
ation.
Sir, I never allow myself, unless provoked,
to enter into any discussion of this sort with
the honorable gentleman from Massachusetts
or the honorable gentleman from Illinois or
any other gentleman ; I was not educated in
any such school of debate. I have been taught to
have more respect for the proprieties of this
House and the proprieties of social and public
intercourse than to enter into any such dis-
cussion.
Mr. BUTLER. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a single question?
Mr. BROOKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. BUTLBli. While I was in the military
service of the country, did not the gentleman
arise here and accuse me of being a "gold
robber? "
Mr. BROOKS. I did ; and it is because I
did arise and on this floor accuse the gentle-
man of being a *'gold robber" (and the fact
was substantially established in the courts of
New York) that he pursues me with the fire
and fury exhibited upon all occasions when
he and I come in conflict.
Sir, the honorable gentleman from Massa-
chusetts will never, never forgive me because
1 extorted from him, or was the means of ex-
torting from him through the Treasury Depart-
ment here and through the courts in New York
$60,000 in gold which he had extorted from a
New Yorker in New Orleans, when he had
command there—a sum of money which he
was obliged by the courts of New York to pay
back, not exactly in the gold which he appro-
priated in New Orleans when it was at $'2 80,
but in paper as legal tender. It is because of
this aor, of mine upon the floor of this House
when he was a commanding general and I as
a public man exposed his acts here, that I am
assailed, as I have been by him to-day, and
upon other occasions elsewhere.
Sir, as a member of Congress upon the floor
of this House when the subject-matter of the
war was under discussion I had a parliamentary
right to allude to the whole course of the
honorable gentleman from Massachusetts and
to dwell upon all his actions in New Orleans
and elsewhere. He iirst, in order to deter me,
sent an aid-de-camp of his, with epaulets, to
my private chamber with a letter threatening
me with something or other if I did not retract
what 1 had then uttered; and because I chose
to call the attention of the House to the sub-
ject of that letter, here, elsewhere, everywhere
he has pursued me with vollies of abuse, with
vituperation, with words and language of a
character which I cannot properly here de-
scribe, but which would better befit Newgate
or Billingsgate than the House of Representa-
tives of the United States, and would better
befit a representative from Billingsgate than a
Representative from old Massachusetts.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
that remark is unparliamentary and out of
order.
Mr. BROOKS. Billingsgate out of order!
Why it is a gate in the city of London.
The SPEAKER. It is unparliamentary as
applied by the gentleman from New York.
Mr. BUTLER. Then he did not mean it as
uncomplimentary.
Mr. BROOKS. I yield, of course, to the
admonition of the Chair.
Mr. CHANLER. I would like to ask, if my
colleague will allow me a moment, if the asser-
tion made by my colleague was thoroughly un-
derstood by the Chair ? It was not directed 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will inform the
gentleman that having made a decision it is
presnmed by all the members that he thor-
oughly understands it. If that decision is
appealed from  
Mr. CHANLER. I do appeal from it, and
I wish to make a statement.
Mr. BROOKS. Oh, no.
Mr. CHANLER. It is simply this: the
application was not to the gentleman from
Massachusetts. [Cries of "Order.1']
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is out of
order. The Chair decides that the remark
made by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks,] in the presence of the House, was
unparliamentary. Prom this decision the gen-
tleman's colleague appeals.
Mr. CHANLER. I withdraw the appeal.
Mr. BROOKS. Sir, the gentleman from
Massachusetts, in order to punish me for this
discussion two Congresses since, has entered
upon the subject of a lawsuit which I had in
the courts of New York and which was ami-
cably settled between the parties to the perfect
satisfaction of all sides. Whatsoever he has
stated here as fact has not even the merit of
imagination and does not approach the domain
of fact, and is not only without truth but is the
very apogee and perigee from the truth in all
respects whatsoever. But no matter what my
lawsuits and controversies, I shall not choose to
allude to his history in Massachusetts and else-
where. I will not obtrude private affairs like
that upon this House. My record is before my
own people, my country, and my countrymen,
and my people at home have sent me here by
majorities of thousands ; the most intelligent,
the best educated, the most religious, the most
cultivated, and the wealthiest of the districts
of New York has indorsed my course and my
character again and again, and I stand upon
my constituency and upon that jury at home
in utter refutation of whatever charges the
honorable gentleman may choose to make
against me without going into any particulars
therefor.
I might if I chose enter into his history. Of
what use would it be to me, when you often
hear these things uttered to proclaim the glo-
ries of Big Bethel in his ear? [Laughter.]
The gentleman is distinguished in war as in
the arts of peace. Of what use would it be
forme to speak of the "beauty and booty"
of Hew Orleans, particularly of the booty of
New Orleans which was of far more import-
ance in his estimation than the beauty of New
Orleans. I might dwell upon the "concus-
sion" at Fort Fisher.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will remind
the gentleman from New York that the ques-
tion before the House is the resolution intro-
duced by himself in regard to Alta Vela, and
the Chair does not see exactly what this has
to do with that.
Mr. BROOKS. Well, if the Chair had not
been able to see it in the course of the discus-
sion when the honorable gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Buti.ek] alluded to a certain
law suit of mine, I would be quite able to
appreciate the inability of the Chair to see it
now.
The SPEAKER. As the gentleman from
New Y'ork [Mr. Brooks] casts an imputation
upon the Chair, and intimates that he has rot
been fair in the decision which he has made,
the Chair will state to the gentleman from New
York that the remarks oi' the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] were in regard to
lfgal opinions, which thegentleman'from New
York knows very well.
The gentleman from New York arraigned
the gentleman from Massachusetts for signing
a legal opinion. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts said that he had signed a legal opin-
ion, though he sometimes refused to sign legal
opinions in particular cases to which he re-
ferred. And he cited a particular case in which
he refused to sign an opinion. He made no
direct reference to the gentleman from New
York, though he did use some language in
regard to the parties in that.case which may
have had some connection with the gentleman.
But the remarks of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, as the gentleman from New York
will find, if he reads the Globe, did not relate
directly or in any offensive manner to the gen-
tleman from New York. In admitting those
remarks the Chair supposed he was stretching
the rule quite as far as it could be stretched;
but they were certainly legitimate in that line
of argument. And if the gentleman from New
Y'ork will now trace any connection between
the remarks he was making about "beauty and
booty" and the Alta Vela case and the con-
duct of the managers, the Chair will willingly
modify or change his ruling.
Mr. BROOKS. The whole matter is a very
dirty affair, relating to guanO, as the gentleman
from Massachusetts remarked while upon the
floor. But under the ruling of the Chair—
and I have no doubt the Chair is discharging
to the best of his ability the duty incumbent
upon him, to preserve order and decorum in
this House—I have very little remedy for any
personal attack made upon me here or else-
where.
The gentleman from Massachusetts is not
amenable either to the laws of debate or to the
laws of courtesy. But I might do as he has
done, perhaps. I might say that I, not as a
lawyer, but as a journalist, having i-eference to
journalistic matters connected with Alta Vela
as a subject of public discussion, have been
called upon to give an opinion in reference to
some matters in connection with it.
And if I undertake to enter into that discus-
sion I hope the Chair will observe carefully
what I am saying and keep me within due
bounds of order. I will say that there was a
certain case in the State of Massachusetts
where an honorable gentleman had come home
from the glories of war, illustrious and re-
nowned, with the keys of Richmond in his
pocket, elevated, ennobled, and aggrandized
by the glorious victories which he had won
over the enemies of his country; yet he was
attacked there by a common bricklayer for
an onslaught upon him and soundly thrashed
therefor. As he is capable of submitting
patiently to a thrashing like that, I have no
occasion here or elsewhere to vindicate myself
from the personal assaults and attacks which
the honorable gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] makes upon me hero.
Sir, no man can deprecate more than I these
discourtesies of debate ; and those who have
observed my course in this House for years past
will bear me witness that I never indulge in
them unless I am provoked. But I allow no
gentleman—no honorable or dishonorable gen-
tleman—m any species of debate, unprovoked
by any personal allusion from me, to attack
me without using all the talents which God has
given me in vindication of myself and in the
waj of proper retort.
I hope that now the honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts is satisfied with the ven-
geance he has had for the exposure which I
made of a gold transaction ill the city of New
Orleans. Wealthy as he is, abounding in all
the resources of fortune, enjoying all the bless-
ings of this life, and with, I trust, an anticipa-
tion of enjoying those of the life to come, he
will, 1 hope, forgive me for having been the
instrument of taking from his pocket, or from
some one's pocket where he had deposited it,
this large sum of money, and will no longer
pursue this course of personal retort and ven-
geance upon me whenever an opportunity
arises.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that this whole subject be laid on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. On that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. ROBINSON. Would it not be in order-
to refer the subject to a committee ?
