4396
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
It farther announced that the Senate insisted
on its amendments to a bill (H. R. No. 939)
to provide for an American line of emigrant
passenger steamships between New York and
one or more European ports, agreed to the
conference asked for, and had appointed Mr.
Ramsey, Mr. Patterson, and Mr. Oattell
as managers of said conference on its part.
samuel pierce.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objec-
tion, the bill (H. R. No. 783) for the relief of
Samuel Pierce will be returned, as requested,
to the Senate.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
enrolled bill.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled a bill (S. No.
643) to provide for a further issue of tempo-
rary loan certificates. for the purpose of redeem-
ing and retiring the remainder of the out-
standing compound-interest notes ; when the
Speaker signed the same.
business upon the speaker's table.
Mr. BANKS. In consideration of the time
taken up by the House with the conference
report on the Alaska purchase, I move thai
the time allowed for business upon the Speak-
er's table be extended for half an hour.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
STATUTE OI>" LIMITATIONS AS TO CRIMES.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. COO) in addition to an act
passed March 20, 1804, entitled "An act in
addition to an act entitled ' An act for the pun-
ishment of certain crimes against the United
States;'" which was read a first and sccond
ti inc.
The bill provides that no person shall be
prosecuted, tried, or punished for the capital
offenses set forth in the act to which this act is
an addition, unless the indictment for the same
is found by a grand jury within five years after
such capital offense is committed. Section two
provides that this act shall take effect from and
after its passage, and its provisions shall be
applicable equally to offenses committed within
three years before and offenses committed after
its passage.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I ask that the
bill be put on its passage.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time ;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the^table-
Tlic latter motion was agreed to.
CONTRACTORS FOR IIION-CLADS.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was the joint resolution (S. R. No. 100) for
the relief of certain contractors for the con-
struction of vessels of war and steam machinery;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. WARD. I move to refer the joint res-
olution to the Committee of Claims.
The question being put there were—ayes 50,
noes 21; no quorum voting.
Mr. PILE. I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Let the resolution be
read.
The joint resolution was accordingly read
at length. The preamble recites that Con-
gress, by an act passed on the 2d of March,
1867, provided for the investigation by the
Secretary of the Navy of the claims of all the
contractors for building vessels of war and
steam machinery, and that pursuant to that
act the Secretary of the Navy appointed a na-
val board for the investigation of the claims
in question, and that it appears that the pro-
visions of said act have not been fully con-
formed to in the findings of the board ; and
Congress having neither the time nor means
for the careful legal investigation which the
importance of the subject demands, to relieve
it from the further consideration of the sub-
ject, and as a final settlement of the claims of
the contractors, the resolution provides the
claims for building vessels of war and steam
machinery, referred loin the act entitled "An
act for the relief of certain contractors," &c.,
approved March 2, 1867, be referred to the
Court of Claims, which is hereby vested with
jurisdiction under that act, whose duty it shall
be to investigate and determine the claims of
the several petitioners upon the principles of
that act, and its finding is to have tlie same
force and effect as any other judgment of the
Court of Claims, provided that no claim shall
be so referred under this act in favor of Secor
&Co.; Perrine, Secor & Co.; Harrison Loring;
the Atlantic Works, of Boston; AquillaAdams;
M. F. Merritt; Tomlinson, Hartupee &Co.; or
to Messrs. Poole & Hunt; or any or either of
of them, upon any vessel upon which an allow-
ance was made by the board organized under
the act of March 2, 1807.
At the conclusion of the reading of the joint
resolution,
The SPEAKER said : The hour of twelve
o'clock m. having arrived, the session of Thurs-
day is closed, pursuant to the order of the
House.  
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committee:
By Mr. BOYER, on behalf of Mr. Piutyn :
The petition of Colonel J. (r. Chandler and
10 others, officers of the Army, asking for an
increase of the pay of the Army.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of Henry
Fitzhugh, of Fredericksburg, Virginia, and
claim for damage by Union Army to his prop-
erty incurred during war
By Mr. VAN AERNAM : A letter of Isaac
Carpenter, a lieutenant in the war of 1812,
asking increase of pension, and indorsement
of Governor Fenton, of New York, on the
same, inviting attention to the case.
By Mr. WOODWARD: The petition of
officers and soldiers of the Army, for increased
l>ay-  
IN SENATE.
Friday, July 24, 1808.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, P. D.
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, recommending the removal of the Indians
located on the Smith river farm, in California,
to the Round Valley reservation in that State ;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed. .
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Secretary of the Interior, communicating pa-
pers relating to the rights of freedmen under
the third article of the treaty with the Choc-
taw and Chickasaw nations of Indians, con-
cluded April 28, 1806 ; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
petition.
Mr. McDONALD presented papers relative
to the claim of Captain Samuel Houston, lor
compensation for a steamboat sunk and de-
stroyed during the rebellion; which were
referred to the Committee on Claims.
papers withdrawn.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask the adoption of the
following order:
Ordered, That Wilson D. Burlingame have leave
to withdraw his petition and papers I'rom the files
of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore Has there
been an adverse report ?
Mr. ANTHONY. There has been an ad-
verse report; but it is not proposed to refer the
claim to the committee again, but the claim-
ant wishes to withdraw his papers for the pur-
pose of presenting them to the Department or
the Court of Claims.
The order was adopted.
report oi" a committee.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN, from the Com-
mittee on Claims,to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Joel Hyatt, submitted an adverse re-
port ; which was ordered to be printed.
bills introduced.
Mr. CRAGIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 045) for the relief of Henry B. Ste. Marie ;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. McDONALD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a jointres-
olution (S. R. No. 174) for the relief of Sam-
uel Houston ; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Claims.
agricultural college scrip.
Mr. RAMSEY. I mo e that the Senate
take up House bill No. 23. It is a short bill
of only fivelincs, and it will takebuta moment
to dispose of it.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (II. li. No. 23) to protect the
rights of actual settlers on the public lands of
the United States. It provides that in no case
shall more than three sections of public lands
of the United States be entered in any one
township by means of scrip issued to any State
under the act approved July 2, 18G2, for the
establishment of an agricultural college therein.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
officers of provisional governments.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 173) respecting the provisional
governments of Virginia and Texas ; which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. WILSON. If there be no objection, I
should like to put the resolution on its passage.
It is right, and it ought to be acted upon.
Jiy unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. It provides that
persons now holding civil offices in the provis-
ional governments of Virginia and Texas who
cannot, take and subscribe the oath prescribed
by the act to presenile an oath of office, and
for other purposes, approved July 2, 1802, shall
be removed therefrom, and it shall be the duty
of the district commander to fill the vacancies
so created by the appointment of persons who
can take the oath.
Mr. WILSON. I do not think anybody
ought to oppose that resolution. That is the
Constitution now.
'fhe joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate with out, amendment, ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
ports of entry.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (II. R.
No. 1441) changing the ports of entry fiom
Plymouth to Edenton, in North Carolina, and
Port Royal 1o Beaufort, in South Carolina,
have directed mo to report it back without
amendment and recommend its passage, and 1
ask the unanimous consent, of the Senate to
pass it now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It provides that the port of
entry in the Albemarle collection district be
removed from Plymouth to Edenton, North
Carolina, and also that Beaufort, in South Car-
olina, be created a port of entry in lieu of Port
Royal, which is abolished as a port of entrv
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
