2348
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May %
The SPEAKER. TJiat motion would not
be in order pending the motion to lay on the
table, which has priority even of the previous
question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—
ayes 67, noes 25, not voting 97 ; as follows:
YJJAS—Messrs. Anderson, Arnell, Beaman, Beatty,
Benton, Blair, Bromwell, Buckland, Header W.
Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook.Covode, Cullom,Dodge,
Donnelly, Driggs, jEggleston, Klu.i'erriss, l<'erry, Gar-
field, Urarely, tkilscy, Hlgby.llili, Hopkins, Hunter,
Judd, Julian, ICtdsey, Lata, George V. Lawrence,
William Lam-cave, Lincoln, Loan.Lougliridge, Mal-
lory, Mayuurd. McCiurs, Mereur, Miller, Mooro,
O'Noill, Orth, Pcrlism, I'llc, Price, Scoficld, Shanks,
SpaldiiiK, Starkweather, Thaddeus Stevens, Stokes,
Talic, 'J.Yowbridso,vUpson, Van Aornum, Burl Van
Horn, Kobort T. Van Horn, Oadwalader 0. Wash-
burn, Elilm B. Washbunie, Henry V. Washburn,
Welkcr, I'houiiis Wllliuiua, William Williams, and
Vindom—67.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Beck, Boyer, Brooks, But-
ler, Chanler, Mdridge, Vox, Uetz, llolman, Ilotcli-
kiss, John-on. Jones, Ivnott, Marshall. Moorhead,
Munf?en, Niblack, Phelps, Randall, Kobiiison. Sit-
greaves,Stone. James F. Wilson, and Woodward—25.
NOT YUTINU—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Archer,
Doles Ft. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Axtell, Bailey,
Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Barnes Barnuni, Benjamin,
Bingham, Blaine, Boutwell, Broomall, Burr. Cake,
Gary, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Cornell, Dawes,
Dixon, Eckley, Eiiot, tarnsworfh, Fields, i'miiey,
(ilossbrcmicr, Golladay, Griswold. Qrover, Haiglit,
liarding, Hawkins, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Chester D. Hubbard, Richard IX Ilnbbaid, Hul-
burd, Humphrey, Xufrersoll, Jenckes, Kcllcy, Kerr,
Kctcliarn, Kitchen, Koontz, Logan, Lynch, Marvin,
McCarthy, MeOormiek, McCullousrb, Morgan, Mor-
rcll, Morrisscy, Mullins, Myers, Newcoinb, Nichol-
son, Numi, Faine, Peters, Pike, Plants, Poland,
Pclslcy, Porncroy, Piuyn, il;ium, Robortson, Koss,
Sawyer,Soiledek, Selye, SbellabarEor, Smith, Aaron
-F. Stevens. Stewart, Taber, Taylor, Thomas, Jobn
Trimble, Lawrences. Trimble,Twiehell,Van Auken,
Van Trump, Van Wyek, Ward, William B. Wash-
burn, John T, W ilson, Stephen i'\ Wilson. Wood, and
Woodbridgc—97.
The SPEAKER. On this question the
Chair votes in the affirmative, making a quo-
rum, and the whole subject is laid on the
table.
During the roll-call,
Mr. NIBLACK said : On this question I am
paired with the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Sche.yok ;] otherwise I should vote no.
Subsequently Mr. NIBLACK said : As my
vote is necessary to make a quorum, I vote
no.
The result was announced as above stated.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote just taken ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave of absence.
Mr. Dixon obtained leave of absence for ten
days.
And then, on motion of Mr. WINDOM, the
House (at seveu o'clock and thirty minutes
p. m.) adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &e., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr, GARFIELD: The petition of citi-
zens of Youngstosvn, Ohio, for the passage of
the tariff bill which passed the Senate in 1807.
By Mr. EGGLESTON: The petition of
citizens of Kentucky, praying for the estab-
lishment of a post route in said State.
By Mr. HALSBY: A memorial of the Board
of Trade of the city of Newark, New Jersey,
asking Congress to make an appropriation to
remove obstructions t.o navigation in Newark
bay and at the mouth of Passaic river.
By Mr. KITCHEN : The petition of Hiram
Kerns and 50 others, citizens of Frederick
county, Virginia, and Berkeley and Morgan
counties, West Virginia, for the establishment
of a mail route from Glengary, Berkeley
county, West Virginia, to Utiger's Store, Mor-
gan county, West Virginia, by way of John
Shokey's, in Frederick county, Virginia; and
for the establishment of a post office at Third
Hill on said route.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, May 2, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. II. Giur, D. D.
petitions and memorials.
.The PRESIDENT pro tempore^presented a
memorial of the Smithsonian Institution, rep-
resenting that the usual annual appropriation
of $4,000 is wholly inadequate to the cost of
preparing and preserving and exhibiting speci-
mens, and praying that a further sum of
$'26,000 be appropriated at this session of
Congress toward the completion of the hall
required for I he Government collections; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
impeachment or tiie president.
The President, pro tempore vacated the chair
that it might be occupied by the Chief Justiee.
The Senate, sitting for the trial of the im-
peachment, having adjourned,
The Presideiitjpro tempore resumed the chair
at six minutes past three o'clock p. m.
naval appropriation bill.
A message rom the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiieukon, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in some amend-
ments and non-concurred in other amendments
of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 001)
making appropriations for the naval service for
the year ending June 30, 18G9, asked a con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and appointed Mr. E. B.
U'Astusrr.NK of Illinois, Air. N. P. Banks of
Massachusetts, and Mr. Charles E. Phelps
of Maryland, the conferees on the part of the
House.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senate will act
on that matter now and appoint a committee
of conference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts moves that the Sen-
ate now proceed to consider the bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider their amendments to the
bill disagreed to by the House of Representa-
tives.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like to
hear the amendments disagreed to by the House
read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ments will be read.
The Secretary read the first amendment of
the Senate disagreed to by the House; which
was to strike out the proviso commencing in
line six and ending in line thirteen, as follows ;
Provi'lefl, That all moneys now under the con-
trol, or subject to the order of the Secretary of the
.Navy, whether arising from appropriationsor from
sales of public pioperly, or otherwise, which shall
be unexpended on the 1st day of July, 1808, shall be
covered into the Treasury, so that no amount hereby
appropriated shall be expended or drawn while any
other unexpended moneys shall be subject to the
order of the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. CONKLING. Is that the only amend-
ment to which the House disagree'?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is the
first of the amendments disagreed to. The
question is on concurring in the action of the
House on that amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that, the
Senate insist on its amendments disagreed to
by the House, and agree to the conference
asked for by the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. How shall
the committee be appointed?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, and others. By
the Chair.
Mr. BUOKALEW. I should like to know
what has become of the other amendments?
Mr. SHERMAN. They all go together.
Mr. BtTCKALEVV. I understood the motion
was in reference to one amendment.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion was that the Senate insist on all its amend-
ments disagreed to by the House of Repre-
sentatives, and agree to the conference.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before that conference i
is appointed I should like tohave those amend-
ments read, so that we may know what they
a.re about. We may be able to agree to all
except one or two of them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ments will be read.
The Secretary. The next amendment of
the Senate to which the House disagreed was
to strike out the following proviso:
Provided, That the civil engineer and naval store-
keeper at the several navy-yards, and that the per-
sons employed at the several navy-yards to superin-
tend the mechanical departments, and hcretotoro
known as master mechanics, master carpenters, mas-
ter joiners, master blacksmiths, master boilcrniakers,
master sailmakers, master plumbers, master paint-
ers, master calkers, master masons, master boat-
builders, master sparmakcrs, master blockmakers,
and tho superintendents of rope walks, shall be ap-
pointed by the President, with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, and shall be uien skilled in their
several duties and appointed from civil Lie, and
shall not bcappoiDted iroui the officers 01 theriavy.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
the conference, and unless other Senators want
the other amendments read, I do not call for
their rending.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing of the amendments will be dispensed with
unless called for by some Senator.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not like that, sys-
tem of legislation which refers a question to
a committee of conference without its being
considered at all in the Senate. I think there
ought really to be a disagreement before a
conference committee is raised, and the judg-
ment of the Senate ought to be to some extent
QCJf>p*pVQTyip(|
Mr. SHERMAN. I am told they are all
amendments made by the Senate to which the
House have disagreed. Consequently, we have
acted upon the amendments themselves seri-
atim.
Mr. HENDRICKS. My object in rising was
to say that the chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs [Mr. Grimes] seems not to be
here this evening, and this bill ought not to be
considered in his absence. I do not agree that
the whole of these amendments shall be re-
ferred to a committee of conference until the
Senate has considered them ; and I think we
ought to adjourn and let this bill come up in
its regular order,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I thought the
Senate had agreed to the appointment of a
committee of conference.
Mr. CONKLING. So it did.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It did, and
there is nothing before the Senate at the present
time 
Mr. HENDRICKS. If that is so, I move
that the Senate adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
nothing before the Senate except the appoint-
ment of tile committee of conference, which
will consist of Mr. Morrill of Maine, Mr.
Conkung, and Mr. Grimes.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, May 2, 1863,
2he House met at twelve o clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. 0. B. Boyxton.
lhe reading of the Journal of yesterday was
dispensed with by unanimous consent.
LEA.Mi OF ABSLNCE.
Leave of absence, for an indefinite time, was
granted to Mr. Glossbuexxer, on account of
the death of a member of his family.
mincral resources.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary
ot the I reasury, transmitting the report of
James VV . i aylor on the mineral resources of
the States and Territories cast of the Rocky
mountains: which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Mines and Mining, and ordered to
uo printed.
