1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3373
out rebel votes in order to show that Mr.
McKee was elected. But, on the contrary, I
claim, and I could show conclusively to the
House if I had the time, that it is exactly as I
say and as I then stated in said report. If my
friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Golladay,] who
addressed the House on Saturday, will read the
reports, he will discover that the committee in
its last report recommend the same thing that
was laid down in my report. Therefore 1 con-
curred with them to that extent. I did not
concur with them in the first instance, but I
did concur in the last report, holding Mr.
McKee elected. I went further than they did
in theirlast report, but I concurred in the result,
and therefore can properly vote for their reso-
lution. The gentleman from Kentucky will
find it is of frequent occurrence that members
of a committee concur in the action proposed,
but who do not altogether agree with the rea-
soning by which that action is attempted to be
sustained and enforced.
But, sir, the report was not unanimous even
to the extent claimed. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger] was not present
when the decision was first made, being absent
on account of sickness. And in fact still an-
other member was not present, but being con-
vinced as to what his vote should be, left it
with the chairman. On this last report there
is an actual majority of the committee in favor
of Mr. McKee. I say that in perfect good faith,
and I am sure the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Golladay,] who, on Saturday, seemed to
doubt this, will not question the statement of a
gentleman who makes a report that it is the
report of a majority of the committee. I know
it is the report of the majority of the committee.
Now, sir, what was claimed in the first ma-
jority report, and what was attempted to be
shown in the minority report? In the first
instance it was held that the rule heretofore laid
do wn justified them in taking theground that Mr.
Young was disqualified and not entitled to
take a seat in this House by reason of disloy-
alty. in which the minority report also concur-
red, and so the majority of the committee still
hold. In the second place it was held that Mr.
McKee had not received a majority of the votes
cast at said election, therefore was not elected.
The majority of the committee in the first
report stated that finding no law of Kentucky
disfranchising rebel soldiers they did not reject
them in their computation. They held, also,
that deserters were not disqualified voters by
the laws of Kentucky. They counted 8 votes
for Mr. Young, the votes of deserters, which
gave him the majority, as stated in said report.
Allowing him those 8 votes gave him a major-
ity of 5 votes. I went on in the minority report
and showed that the majority had counted 666
rebel votes for Mr. Young. I called attention
to that, and also stated, in the very same report,
that to make up Young's majority of 5 votes,
the rotes of 8 deserters from the Federal Army
were counted by the majority for Young, which,
if rejected, as they ought to have been, would
have given McKee a majority of 3 votes. That
is on the basis of the first report, and that Mr.
McKee was accordingly entitled to the seat.
Mr. ADAMS. Did the first report they made
in this case say Young's majority was only 5 ;
or did they say, assuming it to be the fact that
the positions taken by McKee were true, then
Young's majority would still be 5?
Mr. UPSON. I state the basis laid down in
the report, or statementgiven bythegentleman
who drew it; that gentleman ciphered out 5
majority for Young, and therefore, as it did not
on that computation elect McKee it was con-
sidered unnecessary to pass upon the legal
points any further.
Mr. ADAMS. I wish the gentleman to state it.
Mr. UPSON. I have stated it, and I decline
to yield further. We have yielded half of the
hour to which the committee is entitled to
close this debate to the other side, and the
discussion, so far, has been mainly upon the
other side ; and therefore I cannot be expected
to yield the brief time allowed me in addition.
I have stated the position laid down by the
committee ; and if I had time I would be glad
to yield to the gentleman to ask any question
he pleased pertinent to the issue.
The contestant in his notice in the first place
charged disloyalty against Mr. Young, and
that he was not therefore entitled to a seat
upon this floor. This charge was sustained in
the report of the committee, and in that I
understand the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Poland] still concurs. But this charge it is
not necessary to pass upon if Mr. McKee has
received a majority of the votes legally cast at
this election.
In the second place, it was charged by the
contestant in his notice that in almost every pre-
cinct rebels voted for Mr. Young; and in the
third place it was charged there was fraud, vio-
lence, and intimidation of loyal voters by reason
of which the loyal voters were prevented from
the free expression of their will at the polls ;
and lastly, that in the appointment of the elec-
tion officers the laws of the State were openly dis-
regarded and violated, and persons who were
disqualified or ineligible by reason of disloy-
alty or otherwise, assumed to officiate as such
officers.
These charges were made specific enough to
apply to most of the election precincts in the
district, and many counties and precincts were
particularly specified. I insisted then in my
report that these deserters should be rejected,
and that 8 votes of deserters deducted from
the entire vote would leave, on their own
count, a majority of 3 for Mr. McKee.
But I went still further. The evidence in
the case shows—I refer also to the poll-books
which are not printed but copies of which were
before the committee, it being considered un-
necessary to print them—that at Little Sandy
precinct, Morgan county, one of the judges had
been in the rebel army, and was therefore dis-
qualified to act as such by the laws of Ken-
tucky. But my friend from Vermont [Mr.
Poland] may see that this was not a " new
light" to me because it was before the argu-
ment was had and before the vote was taken in
the House on the case of Delano vs. Morgan, to
which he alludes. The majority returned for
Young at that precinct was 55, and being
clearly illegal, on the basis of the first report
as well as the last, it should be deducted from
the vote for Mr. Young. That makes McKee's
majority 58.
But still further. The vote of Centreville,
in Fleming county, was overlooked by the
majority of the committee in said first report.
The return gave Young a majority of 132.
This, algo, was deducted in the minority report
as illegal, making McKee's majority 190 with-
out rejecting the votes of the rebel soldiers.
But in addition to this it further appeared that
of the remaining votes counted by the majority
for Young in the first report, 666 votes were
cast by returned rebel soldiers, and this was
specially commented upon in the minority
report.
The last majority report made after the case
had been recommitted to the committee rejects
625 votes of the rebel soldiers and also the 8
votes of the deserters, together with the returns
from certain election precincts where one or
more rebels officiated as election officers, but
does not reject all the precincts specified in the
previous majority and minority reports.
Here I call attention to the fact that in
Mason county, out of forty-four election officers,
twenty-eight were men who are recognized in
the testimony as having been notorious sym-
pathizers with the rebellion during the war,
and voted for Mr. Young. Seven of the others
voted for Thomas M. Green and five for Mr.
McKee, while four did not vote at all. But
while the evidence shows that twenty-eight
were notorious sympathizers with the rebellion,
not one of the returns of the votes cast in the
various precincts in that county where these
men officiated has been rejected in the last re-
port of the majority. I insist that these men
were disqualified by the law of Kentucky from
acting as officers of election. There were
returned as cast at the various precincts in this
county, where these men officiated at the elec-
tion, the following majorities for Young:
Elizavillo  80
May's-Liclc  172
Maysville, No. 1  131
Minerve, No. <1  65
Maysville, No. 2    112
Lewisburg, No. 8  148
Washington      69
G-ermantown  86
which returns I hold to be illegal and should
be rejected.
The elections held and returns made by offi-
cers illegally appointed or not properly qual-
ified, are illegal, and should be rejected. It is
sufficient to refer to the following precedents:
" If tho State law requires three magistrates to pre-
side at the election, a return made by three persons,
two of whom were not magistrates, was held defect-
ive. (Jackson vs. Wayne, CI.& H., 47.)
"The neglect of the returning officers to be sworn,
where the. law requires them to act under oath, viti-
ates all returns made by them. (McFarland tw.Cul-
pepner, CI. k H., 221.)
"If an election is required by law to be held by
three judges, who are to be sworn, and it is held by
two not sworn, the votes taken by them are to be
rejected. (Boston vs. Scott, CI. & H., 272.)
" The neglect of election officers to take the oath
required by law vitiates the polls for the county or
precinctin which such officer acts. (Draper vs. John-
ston, CI. & II., 702: and see also Letcher vs. Moore,
CI. & H., 715.)
44 Where the law required theboard of election offi-
cers to consistofthreepersonsandbuttwo officiated,
the vote was rejected. (Howard vs. Cooper, Bartlett's
Election Cases, 275.)
"Where the poll-book was not certified to by any
of the officers of the election, held that the vote
should not be counted. (Chrisman vs. Anderson,
Bartlctt, 328.) See also a remark of the committee in
Harrison vs. Davis, (Bartlctt. 343,) and especially the
report of the committee in the case of Delano vs.
Morgan, of the present session.)"
Now, here are 863 votes returned by these
officers who were appointed in open violation
of the laws of Kentucky ; and to show that I
am correct I will simply refer to the law, which,
it will be seen, is penal in its character.
The original law,with the amendment, is as
follows:
[Myers's Supplement, p. 456.]
"An act to amend section one, article three, chap-
ter thirty-two, title 'Elections,' of the Revised
Statutes.
"Beitenactedby the General Assembly of the Common-
wealth of Kentucky, That hereafter, so long as there
are two distinct political parties in this Common-
wealth, the sheriff, judges, and clerk of election,
in all cases of elections by the people under the
Constitution and laws* of the United Stateg, and
under the constitution and laws of Kentucky, shall
be so selected and appointed as that one of the
j udges at each place of voting shall be of one politi-
cal party, and the other judge of the otheror oppos-
ing political party; and that a like difference shall
exist at each place of voting between the sheriff and
clerk of election: Provided, That there be a suffi-
cient number of the members of eaehpolitical party
resident in the several precincts, as aforesaid, to fill
said offices, And this requirement shall be observed
by all officers of this Commonwealth who have the
power to appoint any of the aforesaid officers of
election, under the penalty of a fine of onehundred
dollars for each omission, to be recovered by pre-
sentment of the grand jury."
Makch 15,1862.
" An act to amend an act entitled 4 An act to amend
section one, article three, chapter thirty-two, title
* Elections/ of the Revised Statutes,' approved
February 11,1858.
''Section 1. That in construing the act approved
February 11,1858, to which this is an amendment,
those who have engaged in the rebellion for the
overthrow of the Government, or who have in any
way aided, counseled, or advised the separation of
Kentucky from the Federal Union by force of arms,
or adhered to those engaged in the effort to separate
her from the Federal Union by force of arms, shall
not be deemed one of the political parties in this
Commonwealth within the provisions of the act to
which this is an amendment.
"Sec. 2. This act to take effect from and after its
passage."
Thus it will be seen that on the 15th of
March. 1802, after the rebellion had com-
menced, the Legislature of Kentucky passed
a law that in construing the act which 1 have
just read—
" Those who have engacred in the rebellion for the
overthrow of the Government, or who have in any
way aided, counseled, or advised the separation oi
Kentucky from the Federal Union by force of arms,
or who have adhered to those engaged in *9
separate her from the Union, shall not be deemed
one of the political parties of this Commonwealth
within the provisions of the act to which this 13
amendatory."
