1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4897
EETIJRN OF A RILL.
On motion by Mr. WILSON, it was
Ordered, That the Secretary be directed to request
the House of Representatives to return to the Senate
the bill CXI. R. N o. 783) for the relief of Samuel Pierce.
GDSTAVUS G. CUSHMAN.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the Senate to give
me about ten or twelve minutes, to pass three
or four bills from the Committee on Commerce.
I move to take up Senate bill No. 565.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope the Senator will
allow me to make a report. I want to pass a
little bill that I wish to report.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let me take up my bill
first. Give me ten minutes, and I shall be out
of your way.
Mr. WILLIAMS. When the ten minutes
expire everybody will be here, and I cannot
obtain the floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Mich-
igan.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 565) to authorize
the Secretary of State to adjust the claim of
Gustavus G. Cushman for office rent while com-
missioner under the reciprocity treaty. It
authorizes the Secretary of State to reopen and
adjust the accounts of Gustavus G. Cushman,
late commissioner of fisheries under the late
reciprocity treaty with Great Britain, so far as
relates to a claim for office rent, upon the same
basis as allowed to all his successors in office.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
SPECIFICATIONS OF PATENTS.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 315) relative to printing specifica-
tions of patents, have had it under considera-
tion, and directed me to report it back without
amendment, and I ask to have it put upon its
passage. It is merely to save money to the
Treasury. There will be no objection to it.
Mr. MORGAN. Will it lead to any debate?
Mr. ANTHONY. No, sir.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution. It directs that
no bills be paid by the Treasury for printing
specifications of patents above the contract
price, except that seventy cents :nay be added
to each thousand words for the additional cost
of composition occasioned by change made in
the printing by order of the Commissioner of
Patents.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 have heard a great deal
said about that subject.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will explain it in one
minute. The Committee on Printing of the
House liad referred to them the subject of
printing the specifications of patents. They
have reported that a much larger sum has been
paid than the contract price, owing to some
alterations in the printing. This resolution is
to prohibit the payment of anything more than
the contract price, except a sum which the
Committee on Printing estimate to be the fail-
value of the additional cost imposed by the
Commissioner of Patents, which is much less
than that which he has been paying. The
resolution is entirely negative in its character,
or intended to be.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
CARRIAGE OF PASSENGERS IN VESSELS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to take up
Senate joint resolution No. 102.
The motion was agreed to ; and the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 162) to regulate the car-
riage of passengers in steamships and other
vessels, was read the second time and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. Itpro-
'vides that there shall not be carried oil any
vessel on a voyage a greater number of pas-
sengers than in the following proportion : on
the second deck, not being an orlop deck, one 1
passenger for every one hundred and twenty
cubic feet of clear space contained therein,
and on the main deck and poop deck, one pas-
senger for every one hundred cubic feet of
clear space contained therein, the space in each
ease to be ascertained in the manner provided
by law for the measurement of tonnage. If a
greater number of "statute adults" than the
number allowable by this proportion be carried
during a voyage, or be brought within the
United States by a voyage, or be taken onboard
a vessel within the United States for a voyage,
the owner, agent, or master is to forfeit fifty
dollars for each passenger so carried, brought,
or taken on board in excess of the number al-
lowable by the provisions of this section. And
if the number of such statute adults in excess
is more than twenty-five per cent, of such al-
lowable number, the owner, agent, and master
are to be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor,
and upon conviction thereof the owner oragent
is to be fined not exceeding $2,000, and im-
prisoned not exceeding six months, or either, at
the discretion of the court, and the master is
to be imprisoned not less than six months and
not more than one year. The second section
provides that no passenger is to be carried on
an orlop deck or temporary deck ; nor on any
deck where the height or distance between
decks, or from the deck to the roof or covering
of deck houses, measured on the inside, is less
than six feet; nor upon any deck not having
good and sufficient side lights and ventilation ;
nor on any sailing vessel exceptupon the main
and poop decks and deck houses, subject to the
limitation as to space and height between decks.
The Committees on Commerce of the respect-
ive Houses are by the third section requested
to prepare a bill for the better protection of
emigrants on shipboard, and submit it on the
opening of the session of Congress in Decem-
ber next.
Mr. MORGAN. I move to amend the res-
olution in section one, line live, by inseitm*
after the word " deck" the words '• or within
a compartment on such deck."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. This is a pretty import-
ant measure. I have never seen it before.
Mr. CHANDLER. It has been on your
desk for a considerable length of time.
Mr. CONNESS. I have not seen it, and I
do not know what it contains. Tlie people of
my State are considerably interested in what it
contemplates.
Mr. MORGAN. I hope the Senator will
give way until we can act upon the amend-
ments.
Mr. CONNESS. No ; I cannot give way to
a measure of this sort or permit it to pass until
I know what it is.
Mr. MORGAN. Will the Senator give way
for an explanation ?
Mr. CONNESS. Yes. sir.
Mr. MORGAN. The House of Representa-
tives passed the large bill which 1 hold in my
hand, on this subject, containing a great many
provisions, and establishing a bureau. It was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
the Committee on Commerce referred it to me.
1 have had it examined very thoroughly, not
only by persons interested in the importing of
immigrants, but by all classes and every inter-
est ; and after a great deal of consideration the
committee made a report in writing which lias
been upon the desks of Senators for some time.
Mr. CONNESS. I see the resolution was
only reported July 16.
Mr. MORGAN. The committee accom-
panied their report with this joint resolution,
which contains but a small part of the original
House bill. It is simply to give immigrants
more space and air. That is about all there is
in it. By the third section of the joint resolu-
tion the Committees on Commerce of the re
speetive Houses are requested to prepare a bill
for the better protection of immigrants on ship-
board, and to submit it on the opening of Con-
gress in December next. This is a very im-
portant question, a very delicate question, to
establish the exact medium between the immi-
grant and the ship-owner. This joint resolution
is all that I thought we could get through at
the present session. As I said before, it will
make it a little more comfortable to the immi-
grant. I think it very important that it should
pass. I have several amendments to offer to it.
Mr. CONNESS. The object undoubtedly is
a worthy one, and one upon which I should
like to see careful legislation; but it is too
important a subject to legislate suddenly upon.
The honorable Senator says that an elaborate
bill came from the House. I think it came
here a long time since. This resolution was
only reported to the Senate on the 16th of July,
eight days since. I did not know, for my part,
of its being reported. I do not know how this
meets the case, nor where it touches. The
ships carrying passengers to California fre-
quently take a very large number of passengers;
but these ships are so constructed that they
take them with great comfort and convenience;
and I do not know but that this measure may
break up that passenger business. I do not
know to what extent it will alfect it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will you give way to
enable me to take up and pass a couple of
other bills?
Mr. CONNESS. Certainly.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will ask that this res-
olution lie over informally while I have a
couple of other bills passed.
Mr. MORGAN. I hope not. There is no
bill more important than this. I feel it my
duty, in justice to the immigrants, considering
the number of deaths that have taken place,
not to be interrupted by the Senator from Cal-
ifornia on this measure. This resolution ought
to pass; at any rate it will not be put ^side
with my consent. It has been examined by
the Committee on Commerce, and if the Sen-
ator from California has not seen it he ought
to be willing to admit that somebody else lias
some knowledge of these matters as well as
himself. I am not willing to have this resolu-
tion put aside.
Mr. CONNESS. This is extraordinary lan-
guage that the Senator from New York uses,
llis threatening that this resolution shall not
be put.aside by the Senator from California is
rather queer language. I suppose the Senator
will concede my right to inquire into the terms
of a measure which he proposes. I suppose
that inquiry will hardly be construed by others
as an interruption. If it is, it must be taken
as an interruption.
Now, Mr. President, I do not know how
much the honorable Senator'is interested in
the object for which this resolution is intro-
duced. I am very deeply interested. I do not
know to what extent this resolution meets the
difficulties of the case.
The honorable Senator says that I need not
suppose that no other person is competent or
able or disposed to understand this question
but myself. I have said that is a queer answer
to what I had said. I had said I did not under-
stand it. I did not protest that I did, but
that I did not. The Senator from Michigan
asked that it be laid over for a few minutes
that the other bills that the committee have in
charge might be passed. The Senator from
New York is not willing that those few min-
utes shall be given to consider this measure.
Well, sir, then we must discuss it, -that is all.
I suppose the Senator cannot prohibit that. I
did not attribute anything but the highest mo-
tives and hightest degree of ability to the Sen-
ator ; but I do not know what could authorize
him to discuss this question as he has done.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is all right; letitpass.
Mr. CONNESS. I very much prefer that
it should lie over until the other bills are acted
upon. I may at that time be willing* that it
should go through; but I am disposed to
understand it if T can. I should like to have
the aid of the honorable Senator to enable me
to understand it. .
Mr. CHANDLER. Without displacing this
matter, I will move that we take up House bill
No. 633, while the Senator is examining this
resolution.
