1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1325
ations have therefore succeeded in forcing a
retrenchment of $23,000,000, a great economy
which the country will take note of, showing the
disposition of the dominant party, to reduce
expenditures. Now, sir, if those having the
matter in charge find they cannot, with due
regard to the honor of the Navy, to the wants
of our squadrons abroad, and the proper com-
pletion of the vessels now on the stocks in the
various navy-yards, do with less than $24,000,-
000, I am in favor, before I vote on the ques-
tion, of at least having the letter of the Secre-
tary of the Navy printed, in which he sets forth
his reasons. I think a saving of $23,000,000
is enough until I hear something to the con-
trary.
I wish to say further, that I find in the re-
port of the Secretary of the Navy that there
are, among several others now on the stocks,
four vessels of the smaller or Algoma class,
namely: the Algoma, at Kittei'y; the Alaska,
at Charleston; the Kenosha, at New York;
and the Omaha, at Philadelphia. These are
necessary. Ireadfromthe Secretary's report:
"To replace vessels of the permanent Navy which
have been lost, or were so much damaged during tho
war, that their further repair is inexpedient."
We have skilled workmen employed in fin-
ishing them, and while I do not care to hasten
their completion I believe the work should
not be stopped, as the Secretary of the Navy
says he wishes to do. I do not want to have
all the men from the navy-yards discharged,
and I believe, with the few million more which
my amendment includes, we can go on and
send the vessels to Alaska or Japan, as desired,
and also procure the necessary stores and
make the proper repairs to the various squad-
rons that we have in the north and south At-
lantic, north and south Pacific, East and West
Indies, Mediterranean and elsewhere. We
should give to the officers of the Department
having these matters in charge the proper ap-
propriations, and for that purpose 1 think the
reduction I propose is enough. At all events
the acting chairman of the Committee on Ap-
propriations has not as yet shown good reason
for the diminution he proposes, and until he
does I hope we shall not be called upon to vote
on the proposition of the Committee on Ap-
propriations.
Mr. PIKE. I desire to state why I asked
to have the reading of the letter of the Secre-
tary of the Navy arrested. It was simply for
the purpose of having the rest of it printed,
as there was not time during the half hour
assigned to general discussion to road the
whole letter.
Mr. RANDALL. Will not the gentleman
agree by general consent to have the balance
of it read?
Mr. PIKE. I shall be very glad, indeed, to
have it done.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
believe any member was paying any attention
to it.
Mr. PIKE. One word further, in reply to
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Loc\? .] I
think if the House will examine the report of
the Secretary of last year they will come to
this conclusion: that not only was the account
correctly stated by him, but that with unusual
frankness, enough to rid himself of the respon-
sibility, he asked Congress to take the money
out of his hands. He had it at that time
under his control, and, presenting an example
to the heads of all the other Departments
situated in like manner, he volunteered to ask
Congress to take it out of his control. And
now, for an act for which he should receive
the compliments, at least, of the members
of the House, he is, with great ingenuity,
arraigned here by the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Logan,] who still insinuates that he has
this $50,000,000 under his control.
Mr. LOGAN. No. Will the gentleman
allow me?
Mr. PIKE. Certainly.
Mr. LOGAN. I-do not insinuate any such
thing. I only say that I can understand it in
no other way from the reports, and I ask the
gentleman, the chairman of the Naval Com-
mittee, to explain to me those reports, or if he
knows what has become of that $50,000,000?
Mr. PIKE. Well, then, to change the
phraseology, instead of insinuating, he alleges
that a fair construction of the report is that
that amount remains in the Secretary's hands.
That is what I understand him to say, when the
plain fact upon the Secretary's report is that
he states how those appropriations were made;
that there were large sums necessarily appro-
priated for constructing, steam engineering,
ordnance, provisions, clothing, and fuel; those
were the large items of appropriation during'
the war; very large sums were necessarily ap-
propriated, and mainly from the excess of ap-
propriations for these five different depart-
ments resulted this surplus of §50,000,000, of
which the Secretary himself says, in language
as distinct as any man can use—and in the use
of language the Secretary is remarkable for his
perspicacity—" from these various funds large
sums can be drawn and properly revert to the
Treasury;" and he winds up with this con-
gratulation as an administrator of the Depart-
ment, that he congratulates himself that he was
able to pay these large war appropriations and
go through with the construction of vessels
and finishing of steam-engines and still have
$50,000,000 left which can be covered into the
Treasury, and not wishing to control it, he asks
Congress to take control of it. And if the
gentleman from Illinois had listened to the let-
ter which the Secretary sent here to the House
to-day, he would have found that ho explains
still further that the $50,000,000 which he
mentions in his report of last year is a part and
parcel of the $65,000,000 covered into the
Treasury, the remainder of it being gathered
from the sale of vessels, part of which are speci-
fied in his report, and others that can be known
by applying to him.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MYEIiS. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. ARCHER. I renew it. A good deal
of comment has been made on the two esti-
mates sent in by the Secretary of the Navy.
I think that can be explained very easily by
the adoption of the resolution which was
passed by this House, saying that the policy
of the Government should not be to increase
the Navy. After the adoption of that resolu-
tion the Secretary of the Navy made reduced
estimates, which were furnished this House;
and the Secretary of War did the same thing.
This only shows liovv quickly the Secretary of
the Navy adjusts himself to the legislation
which has taken place by this Congress. Let
me say further, that if this House is in earnest
with regard to the protection of the rights of
our naturalized citizens this of all other times
is the time when there should be no reduction
in the Navy of the country. If we are in
earnest in the speeches which have been made
here and the resolutions which have been
offered to protect the naturalized citizens of
this country, I say that we ought to present to
the world a stronger Navy than we presented
even during the rebellion. We have got to
protect them either by the exhibition of such
a force or else by declaring war itself with
foreign nations. 1 hope that their rights will
be protected, even if it leads to a declaration of
war. But, sir, my main object in rising was to
give the tima to which I am entitled to a con-
tinuation of the reading of the letter of the
Secretary of tho Navy, and I now call for the
reading of that letter as a part of my remaiks.
The Clerk resumed the reading of tho letter
of the Secretary of the Navy as published
above.
Before the letter was concluded the ham-
mer fell.
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gen-
tleman from Maryland [Mr. Aum-ier] has ex-
pired.
Mr. ARCHER. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. BANKS. I hope there will be no ob-
jection to having the reading of the letter con-
cluded.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is informed
that there aie nine pages of the letter not read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object
to the further reading of it; no one is listen-
ing to it.
Mr. BUTLER. I desire to move an amend-
ment to the following paragraph:
For pay of commission, warrant, and petty officers,
and seamen, S3,000,000 or so much thereof as may be
required by existing law.
I move to add to it the following proviso :
Provided, That all moneys now under control
or subject to the order of tho Secretary oftlie Navy,
whether arising from appropriations or from sales
of public property or otherwise, which shall bo un-
expended'on the 1st day of July, 1S68, shall be cov-
ered into the 'IVcasuiy; so that no amount hereby
appropriated shall he expended or drawn while any
other unexpended moneys shall be subjeet to the
control of tho Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. BOYER. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment, and ask the Clerk to read, as a portion
of my remarks, the remainder of the letter of
the Secretary of the Navy.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the letter
as printed above.
Before the letter was concluded the hammer
fell.
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Boyer] has
expired. The question is upon the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Butler.]
The amendment was agreed to.
Ms. WOOD. I move to amend the pending
paragraph by striking out the last word, and
ask the Clerk to read, as a part of my remarks,
'the remainder of the letter of the Secretary of
the Navy.
The Clerk resumed and concluded the read-
ing of the letter as printed above.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the committee now rise for the purpose
of closing debate.
Many Members. Oh, no.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If we can
proceed without further debate on this para-
graph I will withdraw the motion.
Mr. WOOD. 1 withdraw my amendment.
I merely wanted to have the reading of the
letter of the Secretary of the Navy concluded.
No further amendment was offered to the
pending paragraph.
The Clerk read as follows:
For preservation of wood and iron vessels and ships
in ordinary and lor those that are on tho stocks; ves-
sels for the Naval Academy; for purchase of mate-
rial and stores ol all kinds; tools, transportation of
mateiial, repair of vessels, and maintenance of the
Navy afloat, $3,000,000.
Mr. MYERS. I move to amend this para-
graph by striking out "$3,000,000" and in-
serting "$4,000,000." The Secretary of the
Navy, in his second letter to Congress, says
that he cannot well get along with a less sum
for this purpose than $4,690,000. 1 do not
propose by my amendment to give him the
full amount he asks for ; but I think he should
have the sum I have named.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am sorry
thegentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Myeiis]
lias joined the advocates of increased expendi-
ture on the other side. 1 oppose the amend-
ment and hope it will not be adopted.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Navy-yard at Boston: . ,
For repairs of buildings and repairs ot all Kinds,
$100,000.
Mr. BANKS. I move to amend this para-
graph in relation to the Boston navy-yard
by striking out "$100,000" and inserting
"$200,000." The estimate called for some-
thing like seven hundred thousand dollars for
this yard. I do not know but the amount rec-
ommended by the Committeee on Appropria-
tions will be sufficient; still it is a very great
redaction, and ought not to be insisted upon
by the committee unless the subject has been
carefully examined. I am aware that in the
present condition of public affairs and the
desire of the House for the reduction of public
expenditures—a very laudable desire if kept
within reasonable limits—it will be futile for
