2350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
rafts, the increased expense of runnin? them, on ae- |
count of the danger of passing these bridges, tlio |
increased piice uf ti eight and insurance on account j
of the bridges, costs the people of Minnesota &500,0u0 j
a year. When the bill earno up in the llouso to
legalizo the Clinton bridge and make it a post road,
and was pressed to its passage by the unscrupulous
agents of the corrupt railroad monopolies, whoso
object was to so impede the free navigation of the
Mississippi as to compel your farmers to ship their
products cast over railroads at a vastly enhanced
rate-of freight, I resisted the passage of the bill m
tho interest of your people and the people oi the
upper Mississippi with all my might. The day before
the bill passed Mr. Donnelly voluntarily came to
my seat and assured me ot his hearty support, and
urged me to keep up a vigorous opposition. You can
well conceivo my surprise and indignation tho next
day on finding; him voting ior the bill. 1 could only
account ior his sudden conversion on the hypothesis
that he had been "been" during the previous night.
You know something of the Union Pacific railroad,
"which is likely to become one ot the most monstrous
monopolies the world hase\ ei kflown. Though built
by a subsidy Irom the Government, tho oppressions
and extortions of the company practiced upon tho
people have excited univeisal indignation. Mr.
\Vinooii, of your State, introduced two or three
months since a joint resolution creating a board to
limit the rate of passage and freight over this road.
Passengers are now charged ten cunts per mile fare,
and freight is charged at the rate ot tifteen cents per
mile per ton. Mr. 1. Donnelly voted to lay this joint
resolution upon the table. With a lree annual pass
over the road in his own pocket, ho was willing to
see every constituent of his who traveled over the
road charged ten cents a mile fare.
I beg leave to commend your attention to another
matter deeply affecting your member and the inter-
ests of your State, liis piedeeessor, the ever failh-
lul representative of Minnesota interests, Colonel
Aldriuh, by persistent effort, in conjunction with his
colleague, Mr. Wixdom, secured an amendment to
the Union Pacific railroad bill, which compelled the
building of a road west from Sioux City to join the
"Union Pacific, which would havebroughtthe head of
Lake Superior one hundred miles nearcrto the point
ot junction than Chicago. Yet it was stated in the
House the other day by Mr. Allison, of Iowa, and
it has not since been denied, that this Minnesota
member secured a change in the law, by which the
Union Paeiiiu lathoad was released from its. obliga-
tion to build this branch, and a transfer to another
company made, which other company built a road
down the valley ot the Missouri river, and has re-
ceived over one million dollars m violation of law.
Holding the important position he has occupied on
the Pacific Ilailroad Committee, the constituents ot
the member will probably desire to be informed
touching theconsideration which induced this wanton
betrayal ot their interests.
But 1 have neither tinic nor inclination to pursue
this matter further. Perhaps I should not now havo
taken this trouble had this been tho first time your
member, without any provocation whatever, had
seen lit to send attacks upon me to his constitu-
ents. instead of making hiscoraplaints here, with a
degree of cowardice only equaled by his mendacity,
ho parades himself, like a whipped school-boy, before
his constituents, and whines at me beeauso 1 exer-
cised a parliamentary right in objecting to the intro-
duction of one of his bills into the House out of order.
I need add nothing l'urthci.
Yours, respectfully, E. 33. WASIIBUItNK
lion. "W. II. C. Folsom, Taylor's Falls, Minnesota.
P. S.—Papers in Minnesota that have published
Mr. Donnelly's letter arc requested to publish this.
Mr. DONNELLY! Mr. Speaker, I think I
am justified in the declaration X have made,
that the annals of this Congress present no
parallel to that letter. I think I shall estab-
lish here that there are in that letter twenty-
three distinct statements which are twenty-
three distinct falsehoods. I shall attempt to
deal with them just as rapidly as possible, for
my time is limited.
First, as to the introduction of this bill. I
have here in my hand the letter of Mr. Folsom,
inclosing the original draft of the bill, an im-
perfect copy, which I was obliged afterward
to mature and write out in full. That letter is
dated February 19, 18G8. It came here while
1 was absent in the State of New Hampshire.
Upon my return on the 1st of March 1 was
here but twenty days before I again left the
city to lake part in the canvass in the State of
Connecticut. During those twenty days I had
upon my hands the entire accumulated busi-
ness of the time that I had been absent. As
rapidly as possible X got through it. I rewrote
this bill; 1 endeavored to introduce and have
it referred on the 20th of March. So much for
the statement that 1 could have introduced the
bill at anytime since the commencement of
the session.
Secondly, as to the statement that I could
have introduced it upon the 23d of March, the
succeeding Monday. 1 was then in the State
of Connecticut. And, sir, the Journal of the
House will show that at the date of the writing
of that letter, the 10th of that month, there had
not been a single call of the States for* the in-
troduction of bills ; so that it was beyond my
power to introduce it but by the consent of the
gentleman from Illinois.
Next, as to tho statement that there is no
land in this bill. 1 had supposed, Mr. Speaker,
for 1 am of a merciful temper, that the gentle-
man's discourtesy had been dictated by some
devotion to the public interest and had grown
out of his abhorrence of land grants. X was
willing to make in my own heart that excuse
for the gentleman, but he tells us in that letter
that he believed that that bill contained no
land. I knew, Mr. Speaker, that on the sub-
jectof land grants the gentleman seems to have
a very delirium tremens of economy; that he
sees rats and snakes in everything; and that
no wood-pile, however innocent, can bo con-
structed that the gentleman does not see be-
neath it the form of a colored man. But in
this case he tells us that he knew or believed
that there was no land involved in that bill.
AVhy, then, did he object to its introduction,
if it was a mere mass of verbiage? If it gave
nothing, if it included nothing, his objection,
must have sprung from personal and malicious
motives. But, Mr, Speaker, the gentleman
cannot speak the truth, even when the truth
would best serve his purpose. As to that dec-
laration that there is no land involved in that
biil, I ask the Clerk to read a letter from
the Commissioner of the General Land OfBce.
The Clerk read as follows :
I)i:p op the Tntkrior,
Gkxkual Land OrrioK. April iii), 1^68.
Sir: In compliance with your request of yesterday,
I have estimated the amount of vacant and unap-
propriated public lands designated^ by odd, numbers
within twenty miles on each bide of a line from Tay-
lor's Falls, via St. Cloud and Alexandria, to George-
town, on the lied River of tho North, and find about
nine hundred and lii'ty thou&and acres of this class
of lands.
Very respectfully,
JOS. S. "WILSON, Commis-noner.
Hon. Ignatius Donxklly, House of Representatives.
Mr. DONNELLY. Thus it appears, Mr.
Speaker, that the gentleman from Illinois came
within about a million acres of the truth. So
much for that branch of the subject.
I turn to the second question, the charge that
I have been false to my constituents in refer-
ence to a measure for the improvement of the
innavigable waters of the Mississippi river
between the city of St. Paul and the city of
Minneapolis, in my district. The charge, you
remember, which has just been read in your
hearing, is that the gentleman was ready to
make an appropriation in money for that great
work of internal improvement that would con-
nect the navigable waters of the Mississippi
with the great water-power of St. Anthony;
and that I falsely and treacherously had intro-
duced a bill for a land grant to prevent him
from carrying through that work. Mr. Speaker,
1 propose to have the Clerk read at the desk a
letter from the Postmaster of the House of
Representatives in reference to that subject.
The Clerk read as follows:
Post Office House of Representatives,
Wasuington, I>. C., Mwy 2, 1&38,
My Bear Sir: In compliance with your request
I beg leave to state that in tho month of December
last, soon after the reassembling ot Congress, 1 had
a convocation with lion. 1^. H. W \shbuunu, of Illi-
nois with lefcrence to the probability of piocuring.
thiough the recommendation of the Committee of
! Commerce, of which he is ehanman,an appropria-
i tion of money for the improvement ot the navigation
! of tho Mississippi river between Fort Sneihng and
the .balls ot St. Anthony.
I In that conversation Mr. "Washburne stated to
, me in the most emphatic manner that he was op-
I posed to giving "one cent" for such purposes, unless
j it might be tor the improvement ol_ the "lower
• rapids," which he regaided as a, national matter,
I stating at the same tune tnat the financial condition
| of the country would not justify such appropria-
; tions, kc.
i The result of this interview I at once communi-
| cated to you, and it was upon my advice that you
i introduced a bill for a giant of land to aid in mak-
ing the improvement referred to, both of us bchev-
! ing there would be less objection to a land than to a
j money grant, and that a money grant was hardly
' possiblom view of the opposition of the chairman
of the Committee on Commerce.
You are aware, of course, that, as an officer of the
House, I have no desire to take any part in personal
controversies between members of the House, but I
cannot refuse, in justice to you,- to answer your in-
quiry, as I havo in -tho foregoing statement.
Verv respectfully, &c.,
V y P WILLIAM S. KING.
Hon. I. DoXNELLY, House of Representatives.
Mr. DONNELLY. That letter tells the
whole story. Coming here, disposed to obtain,
if possible, a money grant, for that work, I was
met by the emphatic declaration of the chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce, [Mr.
Washburxe, of Illinois,] from which commit-
tee such a report must emanate, that he would
not give one cent for that purpose.
Then on the 27th of January last I feU back
upon a proposition for a land grant; I intro-
duced a bill for that purpose, and the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands approved of that
bill, and are now ready to report in its favor
as soon as they can be heard.
And then another party enters this drama.
The gentleman from Wisconsin, from the La
Crosse district, [Mr. Washbuux,] the brother
of the gentleman irom Illinois, mousing around,
and discovering that this committee were pre-
pared to report such a bill 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Doxxelt.y]
that such language is not parliamentary when
addressed toward a uicmber*who is absent,"
and who is not, at least directly, involved in
this controversy.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
the party will be allowed to go on.
Mr. DONNELLY. I will say, then, Mr.
Speaker, ''making inquiry;" for I will change^
my language, as 1 have 110 desire to use any
words which may offend the sense of decorum
of this House—making inquiry, and discover-
ing that the committee were prepared to report
in favor of this bill a grant of two hundred
thousand acres ofland in the State of Minnesota;
he then, in my absence from this city, while
I was doing my part in the State of Connecticut,
or tho State of New Hampshire, I now forget
which, for the success of the party in which
this side of the House believe—the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn"] entered into
my district and without notice to or any con-
sultation with me, after first soliciting my col-
league [Mr. Wixdom] to introduce it, who re-
fused, he then introduced a bill for a money
grant for the improvement of an innavigable
portion of the Mississippi river, surrounded on
both sides by the territory of my district. Sir, if
there was any bad faith here; if there was any
attempt to prevent the passage of any appropria-
tion ; if there vvasany attempt to impede my effi-
cacy here, and to compel the people of my dis-
trict to send some other individual in my place,
that bad faith surely does not emanate from me.
The record is conclusive—the refusal to appro-
priate money and the fact that I only sought a
land grant when I found a money grant was
impossible. So much for that branch of the
subject.
I turn now to the question in reference to
the Clinton bridge. The gentleman states that
I came to him and said to liirn that I was in
favor of his course in lhat matter and told hini
to stand firm. Mr. Speaker, the history of that
matter is simply this: one day in July. 18CG,
as I passed the gentleman's desk he stopped
me and entered into a tirade against that
bridge, and told me it would he destructive to
the lumber interest of my region ; and 1 as-
sented to his statement. The bill came up
i next day—on tin! ISth of July. I860—and I
jj voted with the gentleman. The" bill to legalize
■' that bridge and make it a post road was de-
feated. Six mouths afterward, in the next
session of Congress, the subject again came up.
In the mean tune I had been home among my
constituents. 1 had given the matter reflec-
tion. I discovered that the gentleman from Illi-
nois was opposed to all bridges across the Mis-
sissippi river into the State of Wisconsin. I
discovered that his purpose was to compel the
great grain trade of my State to go down "the
valley of the Mississippi, to pour its abundant
slorf> or some portion of them, into the lap
of the district represented by the gentleman.
