4398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
Mr. MORGAN. I have been waited upon
by a great mauy persons for the purpose of
having this measure passed. 1 made a report
upon it, and I now send the report to the Chair,
and ask that it be read.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 should like to hear it.
Mr. MORGAN. It will contain the inform-
ation that the Senator from California wants.
I have no interest in this resolution beyond
having a proper measure for the protection of
immigrants and to do justice to the owners of
ships.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire simply to say
that the honorable Senator from California, as
soon as he hears that report, will be willing to
allow this resolution to pass.
Mr. CONNESS. All I asked for was inform-
ation. I am very glad to have the report
presented.
The PRESIDENTprotempore. The report
will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
submitted by Mr. Morgan from the Committee
on Commerce on the 10th instant:
'The following papers have been referred to the
Committeo on Commerce:
1. Resolutions adopted by a meeting of citizens of
Cincinnati, in relation to treatment of emigrant pas-
sengers in sailing vessels of the Hamburg line.
2. Senate bill No. 247.
U. 11. 11. bill No. 999.
4. H. 11. bill JS'o. 11U0.
f>. II. II. bill No. 1100, amended.
C. 11. It. bill No. 1372.
The number of bills of this nature submitted at the
present session, and the \aiiety of their provisions,
indicate how general is the interest in the subject,
and that our previous legislation thereon is funda-
mentally defective.
The proper ea.-o of theomigrant whiloon shipboard
has engaged more or less attention from Congress and
the public for fifty years past, but an examination
ofoui passenger laws will show them generally to be
in the nature of expedients, and partial in their pro-
visions, rather than well-digested and comprehen-
sive enactments.
Inquiry will show that emigration to the United
States has been of so rapid, and often of so irregular
a growth, as to keopin advance ot ndequate facilities.
Hence, while too many of the evils complained ol
arc abuses resulting from indifference or inhumanity,
there have been certain others Quite unavoidable in
their naturo. A closescrutiny has become ncees.saiy,
audit is time that the whole subject was considered
with a view to early and suitable action.
For existing evils two cases, two ela.-s.es of remedies
will be found requisite : legislation and a well directed
public sentiment. And in legislating, two incidental
objects ought steadily to be kept in view: liist, that
of lavoiing the industrious, intelligent, and moral
ovei the opposite classes ot eini'Tiints, so tar as it is
the law's province to discriminate; and, second,
such statutory recognition as shall, while making all
needful provision tor the passenger's comfort, tend
to foster rather than to cmburiass American ship-
ping interests.
Hitherto the principal question appears to have been
complicated by an assumed antagonism between the
emigrant and the ship-owner; but wherefore, it would
he quite dithcult to say; tor, in the nature oi tilings,
the relation is one of reciprocal advantages, essen-
tially the same as that between carrier and patron
on the greatsteamship lines. Laws thus originating
in error must inevitably tend to drive out wholesome
competition in the eariying trade, and thereby
deprive commerce of a most eliieient corrective of
abuses.
The portions of Europe whence comes the larger
share of emigration are over-peopled, and labor thero
is ill-compensated. Of this excess the provident and
euterpriaing portions would naturally be first to seek
tlus country. Shall they be encouraged, or shall we by
jlJ-founded Jaws draw hitherward the thriffciess in-
stead? Staunch and well-appointed vessels will secure
the former, while shipping scarcely better in accom-
modations than floating prisons would assure a large
proportion of the latter. Honorable American ship-
owner, having every inducement to encourage the
incoming of the better classes, will, doubtless, com-
pete with foreign ship merchants for the passenger
trade, unless restrained by laws that bear with spe-
cial severity upon American vessels. Healthy rivalry
would soon afford ample facilities, and thus by offer-
ing the passenger a choice of vessels place the ques-
tion of comfort largely in his own hands.
A simple code ot regulations recognizing the rights
of adult and infant alike, and especially designed
for protecting the female, should be placed in every
passenger vessel. Penalties should be proportioned
to offenses, and remedies should, so far as practica-
ble, be in the nature of private suits, enforceable by
the paity wronged. Justice may thus be made
prompt, Certain, an din expensive. The intervention
ot Government bureaus, or other cumbrous anddila-
toiy agencies, should be avoided. To insurespeedy
adjustment ot well-founded claims, the propriety of
requuing a moderate guarantee fund from ship-
owners, to be lodged in suitable hands, attachable j
by order of court, the amount to be graduated ac- !
cording to the vessels capacity, might be considered, i
Local boaids. composed ot citizens ot standing, fa- i
miliar with the laws and zealous to protect the emi- 1
grant, like the commissioners of eimgiation in New I
York,* already exist by virtue of State authority at
the principal ports, and would be found ready tosec-
ond any enlightened plan of Congress.
A brief reference to facts will show how rapid has
been the growth of emigration. President Monroe,
referring in his annual message of 1823 to the increase
of population in the United States, says: "What is
more extraordinary, it is almost altogether native,
for immigration from other countries has boeu in-
considerable."
Tho arrivals from 1810 to 1320 averaged but 12,000
annually; for the next ten years the annual average
^vas 53,800; for the succeeding decade it was 143,000
per year; and for the fivo years next following, that
is from 3S00 to 1855, it was 083,000 annually. Ollieial
statistics for subsequent years are not at hand.
Emigration, as now known, is of comparatively re-
cent origin. True, mankind havo loaiued a good
deal in every ago, and history, saered and prolane,
is crowded with records of migrations of nomadic
tribes, tho inroads ot adventurous men, and the for-
cible colonization of particular regions. After tho
discovery ol America, emigration assumed a peace-
ful and somewhat systematic character, though tho
earlier colonies in the New World wcic often estab-
lished by fortune-hunters whose objects woro not to
found permanent settlements. America, however,
became, and still continues to bo tho principal field
of emigration, and we eliall derivo little aid from for-
eign precedents in framing passenger laws. The pro-
tection of tho passenger in his person aud morals,
recognition of tho ship-owner's rights, the seeuiity to
the public health, and tho non-deportation hither-
ward ot foreign ciiininals aro the essential points to
be observed. Our countrymen cordially welcome tho
intelligent farmer, laborer, and skilled mechanic of
Kurope. Our public works, the situation ot tho na-
tional domain, the undcrpeopied Territories, and tiio
demands of our rising manufactures will, for soino
tunc to come, encourage accessions to the industrial
classes here. Aud the spirit of the period paves tho
way for the incoming of a Urger proportion of men
in early pi iine of life than hitheito. The dogma, long
tenaciousljr adhered to m Europe, that "once a citi-
zen always a citizen,'' is yielding to tho broader
Aiuenean doctiinc of the inheient light to change
home and allegiance.
Pull one third of emigration to the United States
comes troin Germany. That country is just now en-
gaged in preparing a passenger bill. Pioui Jieland,
Scotland, "Wales, and England, come three fifths ot
all who reach our shores, and it is believed that Great
liiitain would be disposed to consider the question
of assimilating passenger laws. Pr.meo would also,
it is thought, unitom an examination of the subject
with a view to tho prevention of futuic abuses to
emigrants on shipboard; and to international regu-
lation, enforced by laws ot the respective countries,
must we look foi a full solution ol present difficulties,
for they would reiu h the creator evils at their source.
Acts ol Congress, it must be boine in mind, have but
limited application beyond Amei ican vessels. licnce
exccssi\ c penult ies and ot her injudicious piovisions
not only fail of their object, but paialj'/.e American
cntei prise.
The c-pu it of tho Federal and State constitutions
toward the foreign b"rn citizen is most liberal; hence
we have no occasion to oppress tho ship merchant,
or to wrong any interest loi the sake ol assiimig him
of the friendly disposition of our people.
The season n already ^o far advanced that legisla-
tion could not be availed of to any great extent this
year. A brief enactment oi joint resolution defining
the amount of space to which each passenger is enti-
tled. and fixing a penalty lor the use of orlop decks
tor passengers, might, however, be passed. Thecom-
mittees ot ttio two Houses should, at f lie same tiino,
be authorized to prepare a. bill, after correspondence
with the three foreign Governments named above,
and consultation with those persons who have enjoyed
opportunities, otheial and other, for observation, for
submission at the meeting of Congress in December.
The importance of the subject and the variety of pro-
visions neeessaiy to be embraced, coupled with the
unsatisfactory nature of previous legislation, would
appear to render this course necessary, it is proper
to add that no expense would bo thereby involved.
Mature deliberation is essential in another respect.
It is desirable to have a-s little machinery as possible.
Congress does not want to laise up a swarm ol port
functionaries and informers by the offer of a share
of penalties, nor to confer unnecessary powers upon
bureau officers, nor yet to refer to heads of Depart-
ments at Washington, questions that aro suscepiible
of more speedy and satisfactory adjustment at tho
respective ports.
The committee submit the accompanying draught
of a joint resolution which confoims in tcims to the
recommendations made, above:
Joint resolution to regulate the carriage of passen-
gers in steamships and other vessels.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United Stat a of America in Cbufffesv <i?xcm-
l>!'■({,, That there shall not be carried on any vessel on a
voyage a greater number of passengers than m the
tollowing proportion, to -wit: on the second dcck,
or withm a compartment on such deck, not being an
orlop deck, one passenger fox everyone hundred and
twenty cubic feet of clear space contained therein,
and on the main deck or witlun a compartment on
such dock or spar deck, one passenger for every one
hundred cubic feet of clear space contained therein,
the space in caeh case t.o be ascertained in tho manner
provided by law for the measurement of tonnage. If
a greater number of " statute adults" than the num-
ber allowable by the proportion aforesaid be carried
during a voyage, or be brought within the United
States by a voyage, or be taken on board a vessel
within the United States for a voyage, the owner,
agent, or master shall forfeit fitty dollars for each
passenger so carried, brought or taken on board in
excess of the number allowable by the provisions of
thissection. Andil the number ofsuchstatuteadults
in excess is more than twenty-five per cent, of such
allowable number, the own< r, agent, and master shall
bo deemed gruilty of a misdemeanor, and upon con-
viction thereof the owner or agent shall be ftucd uot
exceeding S-2.000, and luipii&oncd not exceeding six
months, or either, at the discretion of the court; and
the master shall bo imprisoned not less than six
months, and not moro than one > ear.
Sfc. 2. And be it further resolved. That no passenger
shall be carried on an orlop deck or temporary deck;
nor on any deck where the height or distance be-
tween decks, or fiom the deck to the roof or covering
of deck houses, measured on the inside, is less th .n
six feet; nor upon any deck not having good and
sufficient ventilation; noi on any sailing vessel ex-
cept upon tho main and poop decks and deck houses,
subject to the aforesaid piovisions as to space, height
between decks, and ventilation ; and for cveiy-vio-
lation of the provisions of this section the owner,
agent, or master shall be liable to a penalty of not
more than $2,000, and not less than $5U0.
8fo. 3. And be it further resolved, jl hat the Com-
mittee on Commerce ot the respective Houses be,
and they are hereby, requested to prepare a bill for
the better protection of emigrants on shipboaid, and
embracing such other provisions as may to them
seem proper, and submit the same on the opening ot
the session of Congress in December next.
Mr. CONNESS. I should^ like to inquire
now of one of the members of the Committee
on Commerce what number of passengers, ac-
cording to this arrangement, may be carried
by a ship of given tonnage? I know that there
is a necessity for regal siting the passenger
traffic, particularly the immigrant traffic; and
to regulate that as well as to regulate the other
passenger traffic I am always ready, and have
been.
Mr. KHELINGHU YSEN. That is already
regulated by law, the number of passengers.
Mr. CONNESS. Yes; but this is a new
regulation ; aud I do not understand it as
applied to the tonnage of a vessel, say of two
or three thousand tons. Can the chairman of
the committee answer me, under this division
of space that, is provided here, how many pas-
sengers can be carried iu a ship of two thousand
tons?
Mr. MORGAN. I stated to the Senate that
this does not aO'eei the general law. It only
gives so much space to each passenger. The
House bill was so large, and contained so many
jtrovis-ions that it was not deemed advisable to
attempt to carry out more than the first two
sections. They were drawn at the Tieasury
Department, and submitted to the ship-owneis
of New York and the commissioners of immi-
gration in New York, and the commissioners
of immigration in Baltimore, and to various
other parties, and these two sections as they
stand were the result of their examination.
They all deem it important that those two sec-
tions should be passed at this time.
Mr. CONNESS. Then 1 will ask the Sen-
atoi, if he will answer it, whether he has any
objection to conlining the application of the
resolution to the carrying of immigrants across
the Atlantic ocean ?
Mr. MORGAN. That is tho main thing the
resolution is to provide for.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator accept
an amendment giving it that application V
Mr. MORGAN, if there is any reason why
any part of the country should be excepted
from its operation, and that can be shown, [
sliaU not object to it. I do not know any rea-
son for making any exception myself; but if
there are any good reasons for doing so of
course I have 110 objection.
Mr. CONNESS. I am not prepared now to
give the reasons, because the Senator will see
that neither he nor i understand, according to
this arrangement, how many passengers a ship
of a given size is allowed to carry. My de&iit*
to protect the immigrants is as strong as the
Senator's can possibly be. But as to our pas-
senger ships going from New York to Calitor-
nia, the Senator understands that there is at
the present time a great competition in the
carriage, and that they are doing very well in
this regard. 1 do not know to what extent, or
whether this resolution would interfere with
them at all. The Senator is not able to answer '
my inquiry as to the number of passengers this
arrangement would give to a ship of°a given
tonnage. It it has been ascertained that this
