1326
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
me or any other member not on the Commit-
tee of Appropriations to attempt the increase
of this appropriation. I am not without hope
that this bill will be returned to us hereafter
with such amendments as will enable us to give
a more reasonable, not to say generous, appro-
priation for this object,.
But I rise at this time more particularly to
call the attention of members to a passage in
the letter of the Secretary of the Navy the
reading of which has just been concluded.
He states that, from the resolution of the
House of Representatives, passed 011 the 2oth
of November, 1867, and from information
gained from other sources the nature of which
he does not indicate, he understood that the
purpose of Congress was to reduce the force
employed in the navy-yards of the country
from fifteen thousand to eight thousand live
hundred men. Now. I have only to say that the
resolution of the House of Representativcs re-
ferred to by the Secretary of the Navy had not
and was not intended to have the force of law.
It was but the expression of a general opinion
by only one of three branches of the law-
making power. 1 remember the resolution
well. It was submitted by the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Pike,] who had just been
appointed chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs by the Speaker. It was adopted by
the House upon his recommendation, without
any debate and almost without consideration,
as "a mere expression of opinion relatiip to
the general business of the Department, and
not as having or intended to have the force of
law. To have had this effect it must have had
the concurrence of the-Senate and approval of
the President, or have been passed by a two-
thirds vote over the Executive veto. Certainly
it could never have received such sanction.
Mr. PIKE. Will the gentleman allow me
to make a correction in some of his figures?
Mr. BANKS. Certainly. *
Mr. PIKE. The reduction made is from
ten thousand to seven thousand five hundred.
Mr. HANKS. I made my statement upon
the passage in the letter of the Secretary of the
Navy. He gives the resolution of the House
as his reason for reducing the number from
fifteen thousand to eight thousand five hundred.
Now, sir, it was never the intention of the
House of Representatives that this should be
taken by the Secretary of the Navy as an
order, and his alacrity in acting upon it was
certainly a cause of surprise to those who had
sustained it, as it was to the country, and
especially to the workmen who were so deeply
injured by it. Now, 1 want to say that while
he was thus ready on the instant, without re-
quirement of law and without justice, to accept
the merest intimation of the necessity of econ-
omy and reduce, without any law at all, the
forces employed, he comes in here and asks
in his estimates of appropriations nearly a
million dollars for this very same yard ! I
wane to know from the acting chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, [Mr. Wasu-
buiine.] or from the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, [Mr. Pike,] or who-
ever can give me the information, why the
Secretary of the Navy was thus ready on the
instant to reduce the forces employed, throw-
ing out of employ the soldiers and sailors who
had served all through the war in the Army
and the Navy, when he, upon his own motion,
applies to the House for an appropriation of
$-17,000,000, and nearly one million dollars
for purposes of a similar character in the single
yard at Charlestown.
This unjust and hasty action on the part
of the Secretary has thrown many good men
out of employment and brought many worthy
and patriotic families to extreme distress.
They tell me that of two hundred and fifty-
eight workmen dismissed since December,
1867, more than eighty were soldiers and sail-
ors who had defended this Government during
the rebellion in the Army or Navy, and that
of four hundred^ and twenty-five men who were
retained a majority were qivilians who had
never seen military or naval service.
The orders of the Government as well as the
law of Congress required that soldiers and
sailors should have preference. How was it
that the Secretary, who was so swift in accept-
ing an intimation conveyed by a resolution,
without authority, and not intended to convey
authorit3r, should throw upon the world, with-
out employment and without means of sup-
port, in dead winter, a hundred families of
soldiers and sailors, and at the same time
wantonly disregard an express order of the
Presidentandawell-considered, wise, humane,
and patriotic law of Congress, enacted expressly
for the purpose of avoiding this public wrong
and preventing this suffering. It is scarcely
possible to believe that it was for the purpose
of discrediting the action and character of the
House of Representatives, to which he was
so soon to apply for such large appropriations ;
and yet it is difficult to lind another sufficient
reason for his action. It seems to me that
there is a gross inconsistency between the esti-
mate of appropriation which he presents and
his action upon the opinion expressed in the
resolution of the *2£>t.h November, and other
information, the sources of which he has not
given us in his letter, which cannot in any
view be regarded as entirely satisfactory to
the committee or to the House.
Mr. PIKE. Mr. Chairman, the Secretary
of the Navy, in sending in the amended esti-
mates, sent in a letter which I hold in my hand,
printed by the House as Executive Document
No. Ill, giving in detail the original estimates
and the amended estimates. These deductions
ran through all the items, partly, he says, in
obedience to the resolution and partly because
the Senate had also intimated its disposition
to cut down the naval force from about twelve
thousand men to eight thousand five hundred ;
and in obedience to the idea which was appa-
rently ripe in both branches of Congress, he
reduced these estimates. In addition to that,
he merely estimates now for money enough to
keep the navy-yard property in its present con-
dition without depreciation. Upon this ground
he asks the appropriation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I oppose
the amendment; and as the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Baxks] has addressed to
me a question in regard to the action of the
Secretary of the Navy I will say that 1 am not
answerable for that officer. His ways are past
finding out. [Laughter.]
Mr. BANKS. 1 withdraw the amendment.
Mr. RANDALL. I renew the amend-
ment. The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] complains of the alacrity of the Sec-
retary of the Navy in reducing the forces in
the navy-yards, in obedience to what was the
literal language of the resolution as offered by
the gentleman himself. I want to ask the gen-
tleman what would have been his judgment of
the Secretary of the Navy if that officer had
paid no attention whatever to the opinion of
this House as expressed in that resolution, and
had continued a large force of laborers in the
yards in violation of the wish of this House?
Mr. BANKS. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Randall] will allow me, I will
give him an answer. The Secretary of the
Navy, when we passed here a deliberate, well-
considered law, that master mechanics should
be employed to superintend the different de-
partments of the yaids all through the country,
set it aside deliberately, paid no attention to it
whatever. Now, sir, it', when we passed this
resolution, he thought the public service re-
quired that this work should bo continued, he
should have sent a message to the House of
Representatives, saying that he understood the
pnhlit! service required the continuation of this
work, that the resolution had not the authority
of law, and that he would delay compliance
with the intimation of the House of Represent-
atives until it should bo put in an authoritative
form. That would have been a proper and a
perfectly satisfactory answer, and aided him
certainly in obtaining the appropriations which
are now withheld by the bill before us. I regret,
for one, that this course had not been adopted.
Mr. RANDALL. I will say to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts that I called upon the
Secretary of the Navy and complained of the
hardships of discharging these workmen ; but,
warmly as I felt upon the subject, I became
convinced that the Secretary had no other
course to pursue, unless he chose to take the
responsibility of putting himself in collision
with the judgment of this House, which he did
not wish to do, and which I did not feel called
upon, in justice to him, to urge liira to do,
knowing the malignity of the public press, if
not the malignity of some of the gentlemen of
this House, as manifested toward that officer.
And let me say here that from a careful exam-
ination of the expenditures of the Navy De-
partment during the entire period of the war, I
venture to affirm, without the fear of successful
contradiction, that the Navy Department has
been managed with more economy and more
honesty than any other Department of the
Government.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ For the
purpose of closing debate in five minutes on
all these paragraphs relating to the navy-yards,
I move that the committee rise.
The moiion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, having had under consideration
the Union generally, particularly the bill (H.
It. No. 001) making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending June 30,
1869, had come to no resolution thereon.
claims against china.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a message from the President
of the United States, in answer to a resolution
of the House calling for information in regard
to the execution of the treaty of 1858 with
China for the settlement of claims, transmitting
a report from the Secretary of State with ac-
companying papers; which, on motion of Mr.
Orth, were referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
ship-canal abound the falls of tub oiiio.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
also laid before the House a message from the
President of the United States, in answer to a
resolution of the House, transmitting a com-
munication from the chief of the engineer
corps of the Aimy, accompanied by a report,
in reference to a ship-canal around the falls
of the Ohio river; which, on motion of Mr.
Kerr, were referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals, and ordered to be piinted.
ESTIMATES FOR LAND OFFICE.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a
letter from the Commissioner of the General
Land Ollice relative to estimates of appropria-
tions required for the next fiscal year ; which,
on motion of Mr. Washburne, of Illinois, were
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
war department.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
kid before the House the following communi-
cation from the Secretary of War:
War Department,
Washington City, February 21,1868.
SiE: General Thomas has just delivered to me a
copy of the inclosed order, which you will please
communicate to the House of Representatives.
13. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax,
Speaker House of Itepresentutives.
Executive Mansion,
Washington, D. C., February 21,1S68.
Sir: By virtue of the power and authority vested
in me, as President, by the Constitution and laws of
the United States, you are hereby removed Irom
office as Secretary for the Department ot War, and
your functions as such will terminate upon the receipt
of this communication.
You will transfer to Brevet Maim- General Lorenzo
Thomas, Adjutant General of the Army, n ho hastiiis
day been authorized and empowered to act as Sec-
retary of War ad interim, all records, books, papers,
