292
SUPPLEMENT TO
warning that the danger is to be apprehended
from the executive; it is not to be apprehended
from the judicial department, but it is to be
apprehended from the encroachments of the
Legislature, from the popular branch of the
Government; and now we hear a learned, able,
and distinguished leader of the House of Rep-
resentatives, the chief Manager inthis impeach-
ment trial, boldly assuming, as I understand
his argument before the American Senate, that
you have the right to judge and determine for
yourselves whether the American Constitution
shall last.
Senators, such a notion is not in conformity
to the heathfnl doctrines of the American Con-
stitution. The real true sovereignty in this
land is not in you ; it is not in the President;
it is not in the Chief Justice; it is in the Amer-
ican people, and they, and they only, can alter
their Constitution. No Senate, no House of
Representatives, no judge, no Congress can
alter the American Constitution. I know that
now-a-days it excites almost ridicule with some
to hear anything said in behalf of the Ameri-
can Constitution. On one occasion since the
commencement of this trial, when a witness
spoke of the President of the United Stales,
saying that he intended to support the Consti-
tution of the country, it excited a universal
smile in the Senate and in the gallery. That
venerable instrument which was established by
the wisdom of some of the bravest and best
men that the world ever saw, that noble instru-
ment. which was purchased with the blood and
the treasure of the .Revolution, and which we
have been accustomed to regard with sacred
reverence, seems to have been so often tram-
pled upon and violated in this land that when
one dares to mention it with something of the
reverence of ancient times, something of the
respect which we have been accustomed to
cherish for it, it excites a smile of derision and
laughter in the laud. God grant that a more
healthful sentiment may animate and inspire
the hearts of the American people, and that
we shall return, now that this war has passed
away, to something of our former veneration
and respect for the American Constitution, and
that we shall teach our children who are to
come after us to love and revere it, as was
taught in times past, as the political bible of
the country; that it is not to be treated with
aught but that respect and that reverence and
that high consideration which we were formerly
accustomed to bestow on it.
" Common fame you are to resort to ! Is
it possible that we have come to this? Is it
possible that this great, impeachment trial has
reached so "lame and impotent a conclusion"
as this, that the honorable Manager is driven
to the necessity ot' insisting before you that
common fame is to bo regarded as evidence by
Senators? 1 hope it wilt not grate harshly
upon your ears when 1 repeat the old and
familiar adage that "common fame is a com-
mon liar." Are the Senators of the United
States to try the Chief Executive Magistrate
upon rumor, the most dangerous, the most
uncertain, the most unreliable, the most fatal
and destructive proof that ever was offered
under the sun? Why, the glory and boast of
ths English law and of the American Consti-
tution are that we have certain fixed principles
of law, fixed principles of evidence that are to
guide, to govern, to control in the investigation
of causes ; and one of the beauties, one of the
greatest perfections of the system of American
jurisprudence, is that when you go into a court
of justice nothing scarcely is taken by intent.
There sits the judge; there are the jury; here
are the witnesses who are called upon to
testify; they are not allowed to give in evidence
any rumor that may have been afloat iu the
country; they are compelled to speak of facts
within their own knowledge. The case is in-
vestigated slowly, cautiously, deliberately. The
truth is arrived at, not by any hasty conclusion,
but it is arrived at upon solemn trial and upon
patient and faithful investigation ; and when
the result is attained it commands the con-
fidence of the country, it secures the approba-
tion of the world, and that result is acquiesced
in by the citizen; and if it be in a higher
court it passes into the history of lawaud goes
down to posterity as a precedent to be fol-
lowed in all time to come; and herein, Sen-
ators, is the great security of the liberty that
the American people enjoy.
I hope you will pardon me for giving utter-
ance to one thought in this connection. I
shall not say that it is original, but it is a
thought which I have often cherished and in-
dulged in. It is this: that the liberty of the
American people is notthatliberly merely which
is defined in written constitutions; it is not
that liberty which is enforced by congressional
enactment; hut, little as the American people
think of it—and would to God that they would
think of it a thousand times more intensely than
they do—the only liberty that we have now or
ever have had, so far as the American citizen
is concerned, is that liberty which is enforced
and secured in the judicial tribunals of the
country. We talk about our social equality.
We talk about all being free and equal. It is
an idle song, it is a worthless tale, it is a vain
and empty expression unless that liberty and
that equality are enforced in a court of justice.
There it is; I have seen it there, and so have
you. It is the only place that I ever did see
it. The poor man, the humblest man upon the
face of the earth, I have seen come there as a
plaintiff or a defendant; I have seen a thou-
sand times the impartial judge, sitting blind to
all external emotions and impressions, declare
the law and try the cause and administer jus-
tice to this poor, ignorant, unfortunate man
against the richest and the most powerful of
the land. There is your law, there is your
justice, there is the only liberty that is worthy
of enjoyment; and to talk about common fame
and common rumor being admitted before the
highest tribunal known to the Constitution as
a criterion of judgment would be; if admitted,
to overthrow the Constitution itself, and to
destroy the liberty which has thus far been
enjoyed in the land.
"A law unto yourselves!'' Senators, if this
be so our Constitution has been written in vain.
If this be so, all the volumes that swell the
public libraries of the country and the private
libraries of lawyers and statesmen have been
written and published in vain. "A law unto
yourselves!" That curries us back almost in
imagination to the days of the Spanish Inqui-
sition, to some of those dark, secret, unknown
tribunals in England, in Venice, in the Old
World, who^e proceedings were hidden from
mankind and whose judgments vveie most aw-
ful and tenible and l'eaiful in their results.
No, sirs; no. I dt-ny that you are a law unto
yourselves. 1 maintain that you have a Con-
stitution. I insist that you must look not to
parliamentary history for the reasons that I
have already stated, but look to the common
law, not as an authoritative exposition of all
! the duties which are incumbent on you, but as
! a guide to enlighten your judgments and your
understandings, and that, you must, be governed
by those great eternal principles of justice and
of reason which have grown up with the growth
of centuries and which lie at the very founda-
tion of all the liberty we enjoy. This, Sen-
ators, is what I insist is the true doctrine of
the American Constitution; and that this wild,
latitudinarian, unauthorized interpretation of
the honorable Manager can find no lodgment
anywhere in view of the correct and eternal
principles of justice that are incorporated into
the American Constitution and form part of
the law in every State.
If that bo so, if you are governed by no law,
if you are "a law unto yourselves," if the Con-
stitution has nothing to do with it, if " com-
mon fame" and "common rumor" are to gov-
ern and control here, then the very oath that
you have solemnly taken is an extra-judicial
oath, not binding upon the conscience, not
binding according to the laws of the land, and
it would invest the most dangerous power in
the Senate of the United States that ever was
invested in any tribunal upon the face of the
earth. It would enable the Senate of the
United States, under the pretext of being "a
law unto yourselves," to defeat the will of the
American people and remove from office any
man who might be displeasing to you, to set
at naught their election, and to engross into
your own hands all the power of the Constitu-
tion. Senators, I can conceive of no despot-
ism worse than this. I can conceive of no
danger menacing the liberties of the Ameri-
can people more awful and fearful than the
danger that menaces them now, if tliis doc-
trine finds any sort of favor in the mind or
the heart of any Senator to whom it is ad-
dressed. I repeat, in regard to this, as I did
in regard to some other matters awhile ago,
that I do not believe the American Senate
will, for one moment, cherish any such doc-
trine or act upon it in the slightest degree.
The doctrine would prostrate all the ramparts
of the Constitution, destroy the will of the
American people, and it would engross into
the hands of the Congress of the United States
all those powers which were intended to be
confided to the other departments and dis-
tributed among them.
Mr. Chief Justice, in considering the case
now before us, there is a preliminary question
underlying it which is of very considerable in-
terest ; and it is, what are crimes and misde-
meanors under the Constitution? But, before
I pass to that, I desire, while considering some
of the extraordinary arguments that have been
presented by the honorable Managers oil the
other side, to remind the Senate and the Chief
Justice of one proposition which was paraded
at an early day of this trial. I regretted almost
the moment I took my seat, after it was an-
nounced, that I had not answered it then ; but
it is in your record, and it is not too late to give
a passing remark to it now.
The honorable Manager [Mr. Butler] made
use of the expression that "The great pulse
of the nation beats perturbedly, pauses fitfully
when we pause, and goes forward when we go
forward." And you have been told time and
again that the honorable Managers are acting
for "all the people of the United States." I
may have something to say about that, Sena-
tors, before 1 close the remarks I have to make
to you ; but I shall postpone the consideration
of that for the present.
Yes, the public pulse beats perturbedly ; it
pauses when you pause; it goes forward when
you go forward ; and you have been told time
and again that the people out of doors are
anxious for the conviction of the President of
the United States. Will you permit me, Sen-
ators, to be guilty of the indecoium almost of
saying one word about myself, and I only say
it by way of stating an argument. In the whole
course of my professional career, from the time
I first obtained, as a young man, a license to
practice law, down to the present moment, I
never had the impudence or the presumption
to talk to a judge out of court about any case
in which I was concerned. My arguments
before him have always been made in court,
always made in public. I have had sufficient
respect for the independence ofihe judges before
whom I have had the honor to practice my
profession to take it for granted that they were
men of honor, men of intelligence, and that
they would not hear any remarks that I would
attempt to infuse into their understandings out
of doors and not iu the presence of my
adversary.
But the doctrine here is that the public
pulse beats in a particular direction. Have
we come to this? Is this case to be tried by
the greatest court in Christendom, not upon
law, not upon evidence, not under the instruc-
tions of the Chief Justice of the United States,
but tried upon common rumor ; and is it to
become interesting or cease to be interesting
just according to the beating of the public
pulse? Why, Senators, if it were not that I
do not intend to say one word that is designed
to be offensive to any of the gentlemen on the
other side or to any Senator, I would say that
I would almost regard this as an insulting
