1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3375
tions that were put by contestant, and did not
allow them to be answered, and, as is alleged
by contestant, in some instances even refused
to write down his question and thus prevented
him from showing what questions he asked or
what he offered to prove; and the ruling made
by the officer in rejecting it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The hour for closing the
debate lias expired, and the question recurs on
the following resolutions reported from the
Committee of Elections:
Resolved, That John D.Young, having voluntarily
given aid, countenance, counsel,and encouragement
to persons engaged in armed hostilty to the United
States, is not entitled to take the oath of office as a
Representative in this Houso from the ninth con-
gressional district of Kentucky, or to hold a seat
therein as such Representative.
Resolved, That J. D. Young was not legally elected
a. member of the Houso of Representatives of the
Fortieth Congress from the ninth congressional dis-
trict of Kentucky.
llesolved. That Samuel McKec was duly elected a
member of the House of Representatives in the l'"or-
tieth Congress from the ninth congressional district
of the State of Kentucky.
Mr. KERR. I gave notice that at the proper
time I would move a substitute for the first
resolution.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
it will be considered pending.
Mr. KELSEY objected; but subsequently
withdrew his objection.
Mr. Kerr's substitute was received, and
read as follows:
Resolved, That John D. Young was duly elected a
member of this House from the ninth concessional
districtof Kentucky, and should now be admitted to
his seat herein, upon taking the oath prescribed by
law.
Mr. KERR. I demand the yeas and nays
on that substitute.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 30, nays 90, not voting,
60 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Barnes,
Reek, Iioyer, Brooks, Cary, Chauler, Eldridgo, Fox,
Getz.Glossbreuner, Golladay, Grover, llolman, Hum-
phrey, Johnson, Jones, Kerr, Knott, Mungen, Nib-
lack, Pruyn, Robinson, Sitgreaves, Taber, Lawrence
H. Trimble, Van Trump, and Woodward—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
Delos 11. Ashley, Bailey, Banks, Beatty, Benjamin,
Benton, Bingham, Blaine. Blair, BoutwclJ, Broomall,
Butler,Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn.Cook,
Cornell, Covodc, Oullom, Delano, Dixon, Donnelly,
Eckley, Eggleston, Eliot, Famsworth.Ferriss, Ferry,
Fields, Garfield, Gravely, Harding, Higby, Chester
D. Hubbard, llulburd, Ingersoll, Judd, Julian, Kcl-
sey, George V.Lawrence, Lincoln, Loughndge, Lynch,
Mallory, Maynard, McCarthy, MeClurg, Mercur,
Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, Mullins, Myers. New-
comb, O'Neill, Orth,Paine, Peters,Pike,Pile,Plants,
Poland, Polsley, Pomeroy, Price, Raum, Sawyer,
Schenck, Shanks, Shellabarger, Spalding, Stark-
weather, Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens,
Stokes, Taylor, Thomas, Trowbridge, Twichell, Up-
son, Van Wyck. Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Henry D. Washburn.William B.Washburn,Welker,
Thomas Williams, William Williams, John T. Wil-
son, Windom. and Woodbridge—90.
NOT VOTTNG-—Messrs. James M. Ashley, Baker,
Baldwin, Barnum, Beiiman, Bromwell, Buckland,
Burr.Cake, Reader W.Clarke, Dawes, Dodge, Driggs,
Ela, Finney, Griswold, Haight,, Halsey, Hawkins,
Hill, Hooper, Hopkins, Iiotehkiss, A-sahel W. Hub-
bard. Richard D. llubbard. Hunter, Jenekcs, Kelley,
Ketcbam, Kitchen, Ivoontz, Laflin, William Law-
rence, Loan, Logan, Marshall, Marvin, McCormiek,
McCullough, Miller, Morrissey, Nicholson, Nunn,
Perham, Phelp", Randall, Robertson. Ross, Scofield,
Selyo, Smith, Stewart, Stone, Taffe. John Trimble,
Van Aernain. A*an Auken, Burt Van Horn, Rob-
ert 'X. Van Horn, Bhhu B. Washhurne, James F.
Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and Wood—69.
So the substitute was rejected.
During the roll-call,
Mr. TROWBRIDGE said: My colleague,
Mr. Beamax, is absent on account of indisposi-
tion. He came here this morning, against the
positive order of his physician, to vote on the
disability bill
Mr. KOONTZ. I am paired with Mr. Mc-
Cuixocgh. I would have voted no.
Mr. McCOKMICK. I am paired with my
colleague, Mr. Van Horx. He would vote no,
and I would vote ay.
Mr HAIGHT. I am paired with my col-
league, Mr. Halsey. If here he would vote
no, and I would vote ay.
Mr. GETZ. My colleague, Mr. Randall, is
paired with Mr. Cake.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I am paired with Mr.
Ashley, of Ohio.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I atn desired by Mr.
Burr to state that he is paired with Mr. Hop-
kins. He would vote ay if here, and my col-
league would vote the other way.
Mr. WARD. My colleague, Mr.VAN Horn,
is absent on leave ; he would have voted no.
The result having been announced as above
recorded,
The question recurred on agreeing to thefirst
resolution reported by the committee as follows:
Resolved, That John D.Young, having voluntarily
given aid, countenance, counsel, and encouragement
to persons engaged in armed hostility to the United
States, is not entitled to take the oath of office as a
Representative in this House from the ninth congres-
sional district of Kentucky, or to hold a seat theiein
as such Representative.
The resolution was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the second
resolution of the committee as follows:
Resolved, That J. D. Young was not legally elected
a member of the House of Representatives of the
Fortieth Congress fiomthe ninth congressional dis-
tiict of Kentucky.
The resolution was agreed to.
The question recurred oil the third resolu-
tion of the committee as follows:
Resolved, That Samuel McKec was duly elected a
member ol tho House of Representatives in the For-
tieth Congress from the ninth congressional district
of the State of Kentucky.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. On that I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 02, nays 43, not voting
84 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
Delos R. Ashley, Banks, Beatty, Benjamin, Benton,
Blaine, Blair, Sidney Olaike, Cobb, Coburn, Cook,
Cornell,Covode, Donnelly. Eggleston, Ferriss, Forrv,
Fields, Garfield, Gravely, Harding, Higby, Chester I).
Hubbard, Hulburd, ingersoll, Judd, Julian, Kelsey,
George V. Lawrence, Lincoln, Lynch, Mallory, May-
nard. McCarthy, Mercur, Moore. Morrell, Mullins,
Myers, Newcomb, Paine, Peters, Pike, Polsley, Price,
Raum, Sawyer, Shanks. Starkweath< r, Stokes, Trow-
biidge, Upson, Van Wyek, Ward, Henry D. Wash-
burn, Welker, William Williams, and John I. Wil-
son—^.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Bailey,
Baker, Barnes, Beck, Bingham, Boyer, Brooks, Cary,
Chanler, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Fox,Getz, Glossbren-
ncr, Golladay, Grover, Hawkins, Holman, Humphrey,
Jolin-on, Jones, Kerr, Knott, Loughridgo, Moor-
head, Niblack, Ortli, Poland, Pruyn, Robinson, Sit-
greaves, Spalding, Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart, Taber,
Taylor, Thomas, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Trump,
and Woodward—48.
NOT VOTING—-Messrs. James M. Ashley, Bald-
win, Barnum, Beamnu, Boutwell, Bromwell, Broom-
all, Buckland, Burr, Butler, Cake, Churchill, Reader
W. Clarke, Cullom, Dawes, Delano. Dixon, Dodge,
Driggs,Eckley, Ela, Eliot, Finney, Griswold,Haight,
Halsey, Hill, Hooper, Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Richard D.Hubbaid, Hunter, Jcnckes,
Kelley, Keteham. Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin, William
Lawrence, Loan, Logan, Marshall, Marvin, MeClurg,
McCormiek, McCullough, Miller, Morrissey, Mun-
gen, Nicholson, Nunn, O'Neill, Perham, Phelps,
Pile, Plants, Pomeroy, Randall, Robertson, Ross,
Schenck, Scofield, Selye, Shellabarger, Smith, Aaron
F. Stevens, Stone, Taffe, John Trimble. Twichell,
Van Aernam, Van Auken, BurtArnn Horn, Robert
T. Van lloin. Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elihu B.
Washburne,William B.Washburn, ThomasWilliams,
James F. Wilson, Stephen!1.Wilson, Windom.Wood,
and Woodbridge—84.
So the resolution was agreed to.
During the roll call,
Mr. McCORMICK said : I am paired with
my colleague, Mr. Tax Horx.
Mr. HAIGHT. I am paired with my col-
league, Mr. Halsey. He would vote ay and I
would vote no.
Mr. GETZ. My colleague, Mr. Raxdall,
is paired with Mr. Cake.
Mr. IvOONTZ. I am paired with Mr. Mc-
Cullough. My vote would be ay.
Mr. MERCUR. Mr. Van Horx, of New
York, is absent on leave; if here he would
vote ay.
The result having been announced as above
recorded,
Mr. UPSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. On that I demand the
yeas and nays. I do not believe Mr. McKee
is any more elected to this Congress than the
man in the moon.
Mr. UPSON. I withdraw the motion. I
rise to a question of privilege. I ask that the
oath of office be administered to Mr. McKee.
Mr. BROOKS. From what State?
Mr. McKee presented himself and took the
oath prescribed by law.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills and joint
resolutions of the following titles ; when the
Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 455) granting a pension
to David Van Nordstrand ;
An act (n. R. No. 152) for the relief of the
widow and children of Henry E. Morse;
An act (H. R. No. 246) to grant a pension
to Milton Anderson;
An act (H. R. No. 257) for the relief of
James L. Dickerson;
An act (H. R. No. 258) for the relief of
Mary B. Craig;
An act (H. II. No. 280) to grant a pension
to Margaret Huston ;
An act (II. Ii. No. 454) granting a pension
to John Kelley;
An act (H. R. No. 516) for the felief of the
widow and minor children of Benjamin B.
Naylor, late a pilot on the gunboat Patapsco ;
An act (H. R. No. 517) granting a pension to
CorneliaK. Schmidt, widowof Adam Schmidt,
deceased, late a private in company A, thirty-
seventh Ohio volunteers:
An act (H. 11. No. 519) granting a pension
to Eliza J. Rennard, widow of William K.
Rennard, deceased, late a private in tenth
Ohio volunteers of war of 1861;
An act (II. R. No. 520) to place the name
of Josephine R. Bugher on the pension-roll;
An act (H. R. No. 524) granting a pension
to Austin M. Partridge;
An act (II. R. No. 526) increasing the pen-
sion of Susan A. Mitchell;
An act (H. R. No. 059) granting a pension
to Sarah IS. Pickell;
An act (H. R. No. 665) granting a pension
to Susan V. Berg;
An act (H. II. No. 6G7) granting a pension
to Mary Graham :
An act (H. II. No. 668) granting a pension
to Elizabeth Butler, widow of Cyrus Butler;
An act (H. R. No. 769) granting a pension
to David Howe;
An act (H. R. No. 772) granting a pension
to Robert McCrory;
An act (H. R. No. 774) granting a pension
to Amos Witham ;
An act (H. R. No. 776) granting a pension
to Zephaniah Knapp, of Luzerne county,
Pennsylvania ;
An act (H. R. No. 823) granting a pension
to George Yv. Locker;
An act (H. R. No. 824) granting a pension
to Annie Vaughn:
An act (H. R. No. 826) granting a pension
to Michael Mellon;
An act (II. R. No. 827) granting a pension
to Ann Wilson;
An act (H. R. No. 828) for the relief of
Captain William McKeau ;
An act (H. R. No. 829) granting a pension
to Mrs. Susan Ten Eyck Williamson ;
Joint resolution (II. R. No. 262).authoriz-
ing certain distilled spirits to be turned over to
the Surgeon General for the use of the Army
hospitals; and
Joint resolution (II. R. No. 206) to author-
] ize the enlargement of the Hygeia Hotel, at
Fortress Monroe, Virginia.
leave of absence.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Hul-
burd for one week.
leave to i'kint.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
Mr. Adams to print remarks on the Kentucky
contested-election case. [See Appendix. J
