THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
argument to them ; but I shall not make use of
that expression. It is not my intention, in any-
thing I have said or may say, to wound the
sensibilities of any one or to give any just cause
of offense to anybody who is in any way con-
nected with this case. But you are to try it ac-
cording to the public pulse! What an argument
to advance to the American Senate ! What an
argument to put forth to the American nation !
All history teems with examples of the gross,
outrageous^ injustice that has been done in
criminal trials, high and low, in parliament-
ary tribunals, and in the courts of justice ; and
I am afraid thatour own countryis not entirely
exempt from some notable instances of it, where
popular clamor was allowed to influence the
judgment of judges; and those instances
which are recorded in history, those instances
of blood and of murder and of outrage and
of wrong that have been perpetrated m the
name of justice, are an admonition to us that
the public pulse should have nothing to do
with your judgment.
Senators, regarding every man whom I ad-
dress as a judge, as a sworn judge, allow me
for one moment to call your attention to one
great trial in this country which [ hope iu
some of its principles will be a guide to you 5
and I do riot think it will be an unworthy guide
in the investigation which you have to make
here. There was a case which occurred in the
early history of the American nation where
there was a great political trial. The waves
of popular excitement ran high. It was under-
stood that the President of the United States
himself desired the conviction of the offender.
The public pulse beat fitfully then. It went
forward as the judge went forward, and it went
backward as the judge went backward. It was
a great occasion. It was one of the most illus-
trious trials that ever occurred in English or
American j urisprudence.
There was the great criminal, morally guilty
110 doubt, for so he has been held in the judg-
ment of posterity. There sat the judge, one
of the illustrious predecessors of the distin-
guished gentleman who presides over your de-
liberations now. There he sat calm, unmoved,
unawed, unmindful of the beating of the pub-
lic pulse, the very impersonation of Justice,
having 110 motive under heaven except to ad-
minister the law and to administer.it faithfully ;
and lie had the nerve and the firmness to de-
clare the law iu the fear of God rather than in
the fear of man; and although the criminal was
acquitted, and although there was some popu-
lar clamor in regard to the acquittal, the judg-
ment of posterity has sanctioned the course of
the judicial determination, and every Ameri-
can citizen who has any regard for his country,
every judge and every lawyer who has any re-
spect for judicial independence and integrity,
looks back with veneration and respect to the
name and to the conduct of John Marshall.
So long as judicial independence shall be
admired, so long as judicial integrity shall be
respected, the name of John Marshall will be
esteemed in our own country and throughout
the civilized world as one ot the biightest, lu-
mmariesof the law, as one of the most faithful
judges that ever presided in a court. It is true
that clouds and darkness gathered around him
for the moment, but tliey soon passed away
and were forgotten—
" As some tall cliff that lifts its r„wful form,
Swells tioni the v :i h; and midway leaves the stoim,
Though round its breastthe rollingr.hHidsaicpi'ead,
Eternal sunshine settles on it.-, head."
Such was the name and such the fame of
John Marshall, and G-od grant that his spirit
may fall, like the mantle of Elijah, upon the
illustrious magistrate who presides and every
judge who sits here, that you may catch its
inspiration, Senators, and that you may throw
to the moles and bats all appeals to your pre-
judices, all appeals from without, and that
you may discharge your whole duty in the fear
of that (iod to whom you appealed. If I might
propose such a low, groveling, contemptible
consideration 011 the minds of Senators here,
if I might be pardoned for alluding to it, (for 1
the very thought almost makes me shrink back
with horror from myself,) I would say to you
that if you were to rise above these prejudices,
cast these clamors away from your thoughts,
do your duty like Marshall did, in the fear of
God, even in a low, pitiful, contemptible party
point of view, it would make you stand higher
with your own party and with the world than
you would stand doing an act of gross injustice.
Forgive me, though, for mentioning such a
consideration, for I really think it is beneath
the dignity of the Senate to entertain it for a
moment. No, sirs ; I treat you as judges; I
treat you as honorable men; I treat you as
sworn officers of the law; and thus treating
you, I say that I banish all such thoughts from
my mind, and I come before you as an im-
partial tribunal, believing before God and my
country that you will try to do your duty in
this case irrespective of popular clamors and
regardless of opinions from without.
Such, I trust, will be the judgment of the
whole land ; and when you and I and all of
us shall pass away from the scene of human
action, when the memory of the stining events
which now agitate the'public mind shall almost
be forgotten, 1 trust that the after ages will
look back with wonder and admiration and
love and respect and honor to the American
Senate for the manner in which they shall have
discharged their duty in this case. I trust,
Senators, that, the result will be such as will
command the approbation not only of your own
consciences, not only of the States that you
have the honor to represent, but. the approba-
tion of Him who is a greater judge than you
are, and the approbation of posterity who are
to come after you.
Now, Mr. Chief Justice, I desire briefly to
present (.0 your consideration and that, of the
Senate this proposition: while we cannot go
to the British constitution or the British Par-
liament or British law to ascertain the mean-
ing of a court, such as they never had, con-
sisting of a Senate and Chief Justice, yet
" treason, bribery, or other high crimes and
inisileameauors '' were words well known and
defined at the date of the adoption of tiie
Constitution; and in older to aseeitain their
meaning a most excellent rule of interpretation
was adverted to by Chief Justice Marshall in
the trial to which I have referred. I11 Burr's
trial, speaking of the term ''levying war,1'
used by the Constitution in the deliintion of
treason, he says :
"But the term is not for the first time applied to
treason bv lite ('onstitui ion ot the United States. It
is a teehnu al term. It is used in a veiy old statute
of that c,,iui it whoso hi o:ru;i;v' is our ]aupcua.i?e, and
wlio-e 1.1 'a.- toim the substratum of our law. it is
se ueely eoneelv.ible that tile term was not employed
by the trainers of oui Constitution 111 tho sense
which had been allixod to 11 by tho-.; fiom whom wo
borrowed it. Ko l;ir as the meaning of any terms,
partieuiarly terms of arl. is completely ascertained,
those by whoal they are emplo\ eil mti-t, he considered
as employing them ill tbatuscortained meaning, un-
less the oontraiy he proved by tho context. It is,
tbereloie, reasonable to suppose, unless it be incom-
patible with other exprc.-ston,-, of tne Constitution,
that the term " levying war " js used in that instru-
ment 111 tho same sense 111 which it was understood
in 1'in^laml ami 111 this country, to have been used
in the statute of tho 21(h ol Rdwaid lit, from which
it was boriowed."—/Jitn',? Tri<d, p.
The words "treason, libeity, or other high
crimes and misdemeanors'' were wouls just as
familiar to the trainers of the Constitution as
they arc to us. One of the honorable Man-
agers made an argument here, if I understood
it, to show that because Dr. franklin was in
London about the tunc of Warren Hastings'
trial, that had a great deal to do with the proper
mode of construing the American Constitution
on the subject of the powers of the Chief Jus-
tice. But Blackstone's Commentaiies 110 doubt
were as familiar lo the lawyer at. the date of
the formation of the American Constitution
as that venerable work is to the lawyers and
judges of the present day. " Crimes and mis-
demeanors" are the offenses for which im-
peachment may be resorted to. You all know
that in one passage of his work he says that
crimes and misdemeanors aie almost synony-
mous words; but in another and fuither ex-
position of it he undertakes to show, and does
show, that the word "crime" is used iti the*
sense of charging higher offenses such as usu-'
ally fall within the denomination of felonies
and the word "misdemeanors," and those
trivial and lighter offenses which are hot'pun-
ishable with death, but by fine and imp'riso'ii;'
raent, or either, or both.
What is the rule of interpretation? It is
unnecessary for me to turn to authorities oft
this question. You are to construe words iti
the connection in which they are used ; y'ou are
to construe them in the sense of their being of
the same kind or nature of other words. Now,
if I correctly apprehend the law at the date of
the American Constitution, treason by the law
of England was a felony punishable with death;
bribery was a misdemeanor not punishable
with death, but punishable by fine and impris-
onment. When the word " crimes," therefore,
is used in the Constitution, the argument that
1 make is, and it has been made by one of the
learned Managers, 1 think, in a much more able
manner than 1 can present it—I am willing to
say 1 borrow it from the gentleman—that the
word "crimes" is to be construed in the same
sense as the word "treason;" it is to be under-
stood as embracing felonious offenses, offenses
punishable with death or with imprisonment in
the penitentiary where they have penitentiaries
in the different States. The word " misde-
meanors" has reference to other and different
offenses altogether. It doesnot mean a simple
assault, for the expression of the Constitution
is "high crimes and misdemeanors"—"high
crimes" referring, of course, to such crimes
as are punishable with death; high misde-
meanors referring to such misdemeanors as
were punishable by fine and imprisonment, and
not to such simple misdemeanors as an assault.
What, then, is the argument from that? I
know there is a great difference of opinion on
this question, and if I correctly apprehend Mr.
Story's treatise 011 it in his admirable work
upon the Constitution, lie regards it as an open
queslion to this day, or at least to the day at
which he wrote, what is the true meaning of
the term "crimes and misdemeanors" as em-
ployed in the Constitution of the United States.
One party of constructionists, if I may so ex-
press myself, hold that you are not to look to
the common law to ascertain the meaning of
the words "crimes and misdemeanors," but
you are to look to tho parliamentary law in
order to ascertain it. So far as I have any
knowledge 011 the subject, the parliamentary
law does not define and never did undertake
to define what is the meaning of "crimes and
misdemeanors." What did the parliamentary
law undertake to do? It undertook to punish
not only office-holders but citizens for offenses
which were regarded as ollenses against the
Government. Ulten, without turning the of-
fender over to the courts", the parly was im-
peached or attainted by a proceeding in Par-
liament; but there is no definition there, so far
as I know, of "crimes and misdemeanois
they were, to use the language of the gentle-
men, in great pait " a law uuto themselves."
But when the framers of the Constitution
incorporated these words into our charter, did
they borrow them from tho parliamentary law
or did they get them from Blaekstone and from
Hale, and from other writers upon criminal
law in England'' Where did they obtain these
words, "crimes and misdemeanors?" They
got them from the common law of England and
not from the law of Parliament, as 1 insist;
and then the proposition follows as a corollary
from the premises 1 have laid down, it the
i premises be correct—it follows inevitably if the
proposition which I have assumed be a correct
; one, that the words "crimes and misdemean-
; oi's" are used in the sense in which they were
' employed by writers upon criminal law in
! England at the date of the Constitution, that
i nothing is an impeachable offense under the
' American Constitution except that which was
i known as a crime or misdemeanor within the
[ definition of those words under the Biitish law
i and that whicK may be cteated as such by the
