1328
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
The Clerk read as follows:
For wages of ono instrument maker, one messen-
ger, and two watchmen; for keeping grounds in
order and repairs to buildings ana inclosuros; for
fuel, light, and office furniture; and for stationery,
chemicals for batteries, postage, and freight, $10,000.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to amend that
paragraph by inserting after the word "mes-
senger" the words "one porter."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPALDING-. I now move to strike
out "two" and insert "three;" so that it will
read " three watchmen."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object
to that.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope the gentleman
will not object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It was as
much as I could do to give the porter, but
when the gentleman asks for an additional
watchman I am opposed to it.
Mr. SPALDING. I have a letter from
Commodore Sands, who has charge of the
Observatory, saying that it is indispensably
necessary that they should have three watch-
men. It is a very small matter, I send the
letter to the Clerk's desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
United States N"aval Observatory,
Washington City, .aniuery lytis.
_ My Diur Sis: X poiceivo in the II. 11. bill No. 515,
' 1'or th(j expenses of the Observatory," that the
poi tor and one watchman nro omitted, possibly by
overnight. See lines ono hundred and fifty-four anil
one hundred and iiftv-fivo.
TIictr iiro men actually required—the porter for
keeping up tlio fires night and day and cleaning
lamps and looms of the instruments and offices.
Illo watchman left out would place the duties of
night and day watching upon two, which would be
pretty severe work. Again, in linesone hundred and
bixty-three, one hundred and sixty-four, and one
hundred and sixty:!i\'o, the three "aids" are taken
irom us. These "aids" are the computers and assist-
ant observer s, and the work of the Observatory would
be seriously crippled if they wore taken Irom us.
Very truly yours,
. B. F. SANDY. Commodore,
Superintendent United Slates jXaval Ohseniatoru.
Hon. William Faxon,
Assistant Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to say one word about this amendment. I sup-
pose thatthegentloman from Ohio [Mr. Si'ALD-
ixg] would be satisfied with the amendments
with regard to this Naval Observatory, which
were agreed to by the Committee on Appro-
priations. ^ Wo agreed to give them a porter
and to strike out that in regard lo the assistant
astronomer, and put in three aids at $4,000,
and I did not suppose there was going to be an
application for a third watchman. I consider
it entirely unnecessary. I considered the pro-
visions in the original bill sufficient, but I was
willing to allow them the porter and the three
aids.
Mr. SPALDING. Three watchmen are
needed. It requires two to divide the twenty-
four hours, day and night, and tiiey want one
for a relief. They must have it. Human
nature cannot stand it. They must have three
watchmen ; two will not answer.
The question was put on the amendment;
and there were—ayes 24, noes 44; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Spalding
and Wasiieup.xe, of Illinois, were appointed.
Mr. SPALDING. This only involves about
four hundred dollars, and they say it is indis-
pensable.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes twenty-seven, noes not counted.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WOOD. I suggest to the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. WaSHBURxe] that an amend-
ment should be made in the amount appropri-
ated in the paragraph so as to provide for the
salary of the porter that we have voted for.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Spai.dixg,] who moved
to insert the words "one porter," should move
to insert the amount necessary. His salary
will be §>600, which will make the amount
$10, COO.
Mr. SPALDING. That is right, I believe.
I move to strike out "$10,000" and insert
"SlO,GOO" in lieu thereof.
The amendment was agreed lo.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
The following paragraph was read under the
heading "For expenses of Naval Observa-
tory:"
For salary of assistant astronomer, $2,500.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have
consented to strike out this paragraph and
insert in lieu thereof the following :
For three aids, ©1,000.
Mr. SPALDING. It should be $4,500.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the
gentleman will refer to the book of estimates
he will sec that $1,000 is the amount asked for.
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. WAPintnixE, of Illinois.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will with-
draw the amendment and offer it to the next
paragraph, where it will be more appropriate.
The Clerk read as follows:
For salary of clerk, Sl.oOO: Provided, Thatso much
of the act of May 25,1861, as provides for three aids
is hereby repealod.
Mr. PIKE. That proviso should be stricken
out.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Certainly.
I move to strike out. the proviso, and to insert
in lieu thereof the following:
hor three aids, $1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For preparing for publication (he American Nauti-
cal Almanac, namely: for pay of computer^, $10,000.
Mr. PJKE. I move to amend this para-
graph by striking out "$10,000," and insett-
ing "SI5,000." That amount is absolutely
necessary, and if it is not appropriated the
almanac cannot be issued at the proper time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am dis-
posed to yield in this matter to the chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs, [Mr. Pike.]
Mr. WOOD. I desire the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Pike] to explain the necessity for
increasing the amount here named. As I un-
derstand, this Nautical Almanac simply con-
tains things which our merchants and sailing
masters of the merchant service already have,
and this is merely to give to the Navy offici-
ally information which the merchant service is
already in possession of.
Mr. PIKE. I will say to the gentleman,
who represents a commercial district, that this
American Nautical Almanac must be issued
or our navigators must purchase the English
Nautical Almanac. You cannot make calcula-
tions at sea by which to determine latitude and
longitude without, a nautical almanac. About
four thousand copies are annually sold to mer-
chants and the public at a low price. And
unless the Government provide it at a low
price for our sailing musters and merchants
they will be compelled to purchase the English
Nautical Almanac at a much higher price. No
navy vessel or merchant vessel sails without a
nautical almanac for the current year.
Mr. SPALDING. This $10,000 is said to
be "for pay of computers." 1 am informed
that the three aids for whose pay we have just
appropriated $4,000 are the " computers" and
nothing else.
Mr. WASHBURNE, ef Illinois. That is
not so.
Mr. PIKE. The gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. SPALDING. I have information from
the Navy Department to that effect.
Mr PIKE. At the head of this bureau is
Professor J. II. C. Coffin, who has been there
for twenty years. Originally this almanac was
got out at Cambridge, but now it is got out
here. It is a small matter, and as it is for the
benefit of the commerce of the country 1 hope
it will not be objected to.
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman has not an-
swered my interrogatory. Admitting all that
he says about the establishment of this bureau
and the publication of this almanac why should
the appropriation for this purpose bo iucreased
to 815,000?
Mr. PIKE. The amount called for in the
estimate was $20,000, The Committee on
Appropriations cut it down to $10,000. The
bureau states that if it is made $15,000 they
can get along with it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Bureau of Ordnance:
For guns, giui-cariiages, shot, shell, magazine, and
laboratory stores, and equipments of all kinds; for
gunpowder, small arms, equipments and ammuni-
tion ; for fuel and materials necessary in carrying on
the mechanical branches of the orftnanc* depart-
ment at. tho navy-yards and stations, $250,000.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I move to amend this
paragraph by adding to it the following:
Provided, That no part of tho money appropriated
by this act, or of the moneys now in the hands or un-
der the control of the Secretary of the Navy, fchall
be used in paying for now guns, gun-carriages, or
small arms.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. So far as
that applies to this appropriation it is in
order, and I have no objection to it. Beyond
that, I submifrit is not in order.
The CHA 1RMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. So far as
regards this appropriation the amendment is
in order.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Van Wyck] modify his
amendment?
Mr. VAN WYCK. I modify the amend-
ment to read, as follows:
That no part of the money appropriated by this act
shall be used in paying for now guns, gun-carriages,
and small arms.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, obtained
the Uoor.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move that the com-
mittee rise, in orderthat we may make an order
for a regular session to-morrow—a session for
business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman can do that when we get through with
this bill.
Mr. BOUTWELL. It may take some time
to got through it, and then we may not have
a quorum present.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We can
get through the bill in ton minutes.
Mr. MYERS. I do not see why the bill
should be hurried through in such hot haste.
Mr. BOUTWELL. In view of the fact that
the Government is so far subverted as to have
two Secretaries of War. I think we ought to
have a business session to-morrow. I move
that the committee rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Wasiiburxe] is entitled to the
floor.
Tho Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and read the next paragraph.
_ Mr. BUTLER. I move that the committee
rise.
Tho motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported
that (lie Committee of the Whole on the state
of tho Union, having had under consideration
the Union generally, and particularly the bill
(I-I. R. No. (501) making appropriations for
the naval service for the year ending June 30,
18H9, had come to no resolution thereon.
ORDER OF BUSINESS TO-MOllKOW.
Mr. BUTLER. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the House ordered that the ses-
sion of to-morrow be for debate in Committee
of the Whole, not for business. I make this
motion because of the communication made in
this House by the Secretary of War. We have,
it appears, two Secretaries of War, one by law
and one by usurpation 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I raise the point of
order that this motion is not debatable.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. RANDALL. Does it not require a
two-thirds vote to rescind the order in regard
to business to-morrow ?
