THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
this is limited by the Constitution, and you can
only look to the common law for the purpose
of ascertaining the definition of crimes and
misdemeanors. Mr. Story, I know, says in his
work upon the Constitution that in one case it
was settled in this country that the term
"crimes and misdemeanors" did not have the
signification which I insist upon; but at the
same time in his treatise he asserts that there
is a contrariety of opinion on the subject, one
set of interpreters of the Constitution holding
the doctrine to be one way, and another and a
different set holding it to be a different way;
and, as I understand him, he does not regard
the question as being by any means finally and
authoritatively settled. So then I recur to the
proposition with which I set out, that in order
to ascertain what are impeachable crimes and
misdemeanors it is necessary to go to the com-
mon law for the definition, and when you go
to the common law for the definition nothing
is impeachable in this country within the mean-
ing of the Constitution except a crime or mis-
demeanor known as such at the time when the
Constitution was adopted. In other words, I
respectfully maintain that Congress has no
power to create a crime or misdemeanor in its
nature different from crimes and misdemeanors
as known and understood at the time of the
adoption of the Constitution.
' Feebly and imperfectly as this argument has
been presented, 1 will not undertake to dwell
upon it further.
I desire, although it is not exactly in the
order which I had prescribed for my remarks,
to call the attention of the Senate now to some
observations made by the honorable gentle-
man who addressed the Senate yesterday, [Mr.
Manager Boutwell,] and in order that there
may be no misunderstanding as to the obser-
vations to which I desire to call your attention
I will read a paragraph from the gentleman's
speech of the day before yesterday:
"The President is a man of strong will, of violent
passions, of unlimited ambition, with capacity to
employ and use timid men, adhesive men, subserv-
ient men and corrupt men, as the instruments of
his designs. It is the truth of history that he has
injured every person with whom he has had confi-
dential rotations, and many have escaped ruin only
by withdrawing from his society altogether. He has
one rule of life: he attempts to use every man of
power, capacity, or intluencc within his reach. Suc-
ceeding in his attempts, they are in time, and usually
in a short time, utterly ruined. If the considerate
flee from him, if the brave and patriotic resist his
schemes or oxpose his plans, he attacks them with
all the enginery and patronage of his office and pur-
sues them with all the violence of his personal
hatred. He attacks to destroy all who will not be-
come his instruments, nnd all who becomo his in-
struments are destroyed in the use. Ho spares no
one."
The particular sentence to which I desire
to call your attention is in the close of that
paragraph:
"Already this purpose of his life is illustrated in
the treatment of a gentleman who was of counsel for
the respondent, but who has never appeared in his
behalf."
It is to me, Senators, a source of much em-
barrassment how to speak in reply to the accu-
sation which has thus been preferred against
the President of the United States. The hon-
orable Manager treats him as if he were a
political leper, and as if his very touch would
communicate contagion, and as if almost the
very sight of him would produce death. But
I respectfully insist that upon a statement of
facts, which I will make to you in a moment,
and which I deem to be called for by the accu-
sation which he has made in reference to Judge
Black, it will appear that injustice has been
done, no doubt unintentionally, by the honor-
able Manager, in the remarks which he has
made. I regret that this topic has been intro-
duced here; but, as it is brought forward, I
must meet it. I am not aware that I ever saw
Judge Black in my life until I met him in con-
sultation in the President's council chamber.
In the few interviews which we had there our
intercourse, though brief, was pleasant and
agreeable ; and it is with a feeling of embar-
rassment that, under those circumstances, I
deem it necessary to say anything upon this
subject at all. In order that you may under-
stand what I have to say about it I desire to
refer the Senate to a brief statement which I
have prepared on account of the delicacy of
the subject; and, although I have not had time
to write it out as I would have desired to do,
it will be sufficient to enable you to compre-
hend the facts which I am about to state. You
will understand, Senators, that I do not pur-
port to give a full history of what I may call
the Alta Vela case, as to which a report was
made to the Senate by the Secretary of State
upon your call. A mere outline of the case
will be sufficient to explain what I have to say
in reference to Judge Black.
Under the guano act of 1856, William T.
Kendall on the one side, and Patterson and
Marguiendo on the other, filed claims in the
Secretary of State's office to the island which
is claimed by the Government of St. Domingo.
(Report, pp. 2, 3.)
On the 17th of June, 1867, the examiner of
claims submitted a report adverse to the claim
for damages against the Dominican Govern-
ment. On the 22d of July, 1807, Mr. Black
addressed a letter to the President, (page 10,)
and another on the 7lh August, 1807. On page
18 it is said that Patterson and Marguiendo
acquiesce in the decision. On page 13 it is
shown that other parties arc in adverse posses-
sion. On page 15 it is assorted that the con-
test is between citizens of the United States,
and can be settled in the courts of the United
States. The contest now seems to be between
Patterson and Margniendo and Thomas B.
Webster & Co. (Report, p. 15.)
On the 14th December, 1859, Judge Black,
as Attorney General, rejected the claim of W.
J. Kendall to an island in the Caribbean sea,
called Cayo Verde, (page 24,) and Mr. Seward
seems to regard the two cases as resting on the
same principle in his report of 17th of Jan-
uary, 1807.
On the 22d July, 1807, Judge Black ad-
dressed a letter to the President inclosing a
brief, (page 53.) On the 7th August, 18(57,
he addressed another communication to the
President, (page 55.) On the 7th February,
1808, an elaborate and able communication
was sent to the President, signed J. W. Shaffer,
attorney for Patterson & Marguiendo, and
Black, Lamon & Co., of counsel, in which they
criticised with severity the report of Mr. Sew-
ard and asked the President to review his
decision. (Report, p. 05.)
These citations are made from Executive
Document No. 39, Fortieth Congress, second
session.
According to the best information I can
obtain 1 state that on the (Jl/i March, 1808,
General Bi:x.jamt\* F. Bctlkr addressed a let-
ter to J. W. Shaffer, in which he stated that |
he was "clearly of opinion that, under the j
claim of the United States, its citizens have the ,
exclusive right to take guano there," and that j
he had never been able to understand why the i
Executive did not long since assert the rights !
of the Government and sustain the rightful j
claims of its citizens to the possession of the
island in the most forcible manner consistent
with the dignity and honor of the nation.
This letter was concuired in and approved
of by John A. Logax, J. A. Garfield, \V. II.
Koontz, J. K. Mookhkad, Tiiaddiu's Steven's,
J. G. Blaine, and John A. Bixgiiam, on the
same day, 9lh March, 1808.
The letter expressing the opinion of Generals
Butler, Logan, and Garfield was placed in
the hands of the President by Chauncey F.
Black, who, on the 10th March, 18(i8, addressed
a letter to him in which he inclosed a copy of
the same with the concurrence of Tiiaodeus
Stevens, John A. Bingham, J. G. Blaine, [
J. K. Moorhead, and William H. Koontz. |
After the date of this letter, and while Judge
Black was the counsel of the respondent in this
cause, he had an interview with the President,
in which he urged immediate action on his part
and the sending an armed vessel to take pos-
session of the island ; and because the Presi- j
dent refused to do so Judge Black, onthe 19th
March, 1808, declined to appear further as his
counsel in this case.
Such are the facts in regard to the with-
drawal of Judge Black, according to the best
information I can obtain. So far as the Prosi-
dsnt is concerned, " the head and front of his
offending hath this extent, no more." ;
It is not necessary to my purpose that 'I
should censure Judge Black or make any reflec-
tion upon or imputation against any of the
honorable Managers.
The island of Alta Vela, or the claim for
damages, is said to amount in value to more
than a million dollars, and it is quite likely
that an extensive speculation is on foot. I
have no reason to charge that any of the Man-
agers are engaged in it, and presume that the
letters were signed, as such communications
are often signed by members of Congress,
through the importunity of friends.
Judge Black no doubt thought it was his
duty to other clients to press this claim; but
how did the President view it?
Senators, I ask you for a moment to put
yourself in the place of the President of the
United States, and as this is made a matter of
railing accusation against him, to consider how
the President of the United States felt it. I
am willing that the facta in this case shall be
spread not only before the Senate, but before
the whole country, and that his enemies shall
be the judges of the purity of his conduct and
motives in regard to it.
There are two or three facts to which I de-
sire to call the attention of the Senate and the
country in connection with these recommend-
ations. They are, first, that they were all got-
ten up after this impeachment proceeding was
commenced against the President of the Uni-
ted States. Keep the dates in mind, and you
will see that such is the fact. Every one of
them was gotten up after this impeachment'
proceeding was commenced against him.
Another strong and powerful fact to be no-
ticed in vindication of the President of the
United States, in reference to this case which
has been so strongly preferred against him, is
that while I have not made, and will not make,
any imputation whatever upon the honorable
Managers in the cause, these recommendations
were signed by four of the honorable gentle-
men to whom the House of Representatives
have intrusted the duty of managing this gieat
impeachment against, him.
Now, lot me present to you in my plain lan-
guage a single idea, Senators, in regard to this
matter. If the President went to war with a
weak and feeble Power to gain the island, it
would seem that he had done so in fear of the
Managers and in the fear of losing the highly
valued services of Judge Black. If he failed
to do the tiling which he was called upon to do
by his emmentanddistinguishedcounsel, there
was danger that he would exasperate Judge
Black and his friends, and their influence would
be turned against him on the trial. It was
under these delicate circumstances that this
petition was presented to the President of the
United States. He was between Scylla and
Charybdis. In forming his own determination,
no matter which way it might be formed, his
motives might be impugned and his integrity
might be assailed; but they know little of the
President of the United States, far less than
your humble speaker knows, who imagine that
they can force or drive or compel him, under
any imaginable state of circumstances, to do
what he believes to be wrong. _ He is & man of
peculiar temperament and disposition. 13y
careful management and proper manipulation
he may, perhaps, be gently led; but it is a
pretty difficult thing to do that. But with his
temperament and his disposition, no naan, no
power under the heavens can compel him to go
one inch beyond what he believes to be right;
and although lie knew that in rejecting this
claim in the peculiar situation in which he was
placed he might raise up enemies against him,
although ho was well aware that a powerful
