1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1829
The SPEAKER. It does not. Any such
order of the House can he rescinded by a ma-
jority vote, unless a motion to reconsider has
been made and laid on the table, in which case
a suspension of the rules would be necessary.
On the motion to reconsider, there were—
ayes 85, noes 22.
Mr. BROOKS. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 104, nays 29, not voting
5G ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Arnell, Delos
It. Ashley, Baker, Banks, Beatty, Benton, Bingham,
Blaine, Blair, Boutwell, Broomall, Buckland, Butler,
Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Coburn, Cook, Covodc, Cullom, Dawes, .Driggs, Bek-
Icy, Egglcston, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields,
Gravely, Halsev, Harding, Iligby, Hill, Hooper, Hop-
kins, Asahel "NY. Hubbard, Chester I>. i-Iubbard,
Hulburd, Ilunter, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Judd, Julian,
Kelloy, Kelsey. Ketcham, Kitchen, Laflin, George
Y. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lincoln, Logan,
Loughridge, Mallory, McClurg, Mereur, Miller,
Moore, Moorhcnd, Worrell, Mullins, Myers, New-
comb, Nunn, O'Neill, Orth, Perhani, Peters, Pike,
Pile, Poland, Polsluy, Price, Raum, Robertson, Saw-
yer, Schenck, Scofiold, Shanks, Smith, Spalding,
Starkweather. Aaron F. Stevens, Stokes, Taffe, Tay-
lor, John Trimble, Trowbridge, Twichell, Up?on,
Van Aernara, Burt Van Horn, Van Wyek, Ward,
Elihu B. Washburne. William B.Washburn, Welker,
Thomas Williams, James F. Wilson, John T. Wil-
son, and Windom—104.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Barnes,
Baraum, Beck, Boyer, Brooks, Cary, Eldridge, Fox,
G-etz, Glossbrenner, Golladay, Jlaight, Holman,
Hotchkiss, Kerr, Knott, McCormick, Niblack, Nich-
olson, Phelps, Pruyn, Rnndall, Tabor, Lawrence S.
Trimble, A7"an Auken, and Wood—29.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, James M. Ashley,
Bailey,Baldwin, Beaman, Benjamin, Bromwell, Burr,
Cake, Chanler, Cornell, Dixon, Bodge, Donnelly, Ela,
Eliot, Finney, Garfield, Griswold, Grover, Hawkins,
Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Johnson, Jones,
Koontz, Loan, Lynch, Marshall, Marvin, Maynard,
McCarthy, McCullough, Morgan, Morrissey, Mun-
gen, Paine, Plants, Pomeroy, Robinson, Ross, Selye,
Shcllabarger, Sitgreaves, Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart,
Stone, Thomas, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Trump,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Henry 1). Washburn,
William Williams, Stephen F. Wilson, Woodbridgo,
and Woodward—5(5.
So the motion to reconsider was adopted.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
on granting unanimous consent that to-mor-
row7 s session shall be devoted to debate alone.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. I objcct;
and move the rules be suspended, and the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the Navy
appropriation bill.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the House
adjourn. It is after four o'clock, and we are*
all tired and want to go home.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
43, noes G3.
Mr. RANDALL demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope, by unani-
mous consent, the House will agree to adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman from Pennsylvania will withdraw
the demand for the yeas and nays. It will take
less time to get through with the bill than to
call the yeas and nays.
Mr. BROOKS. You cannot get through
with the bill in an hour.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 42, nays 86, not voting
01; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Axtell, Barnes, Barnum,
Beck, Bingham, Blaine, Blair, Boyer, Brooks, Cary,
Eldridge, Fox,G-eL'/;,Glossbroiiiiei,Golladay, ll.iisht,
Higby, Holman, Hotchkiss, Jenckes, Jone^. Kerr,
Knott, George V. Lawrence, McCormick, Niblack,
Nicholson, Phelps, Pike, Pruyn, Randall, Spalding,
Stoker, Tabcr, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Auken,
\Vard, Thomas Williams, W indom, Wood, and Wood-
bridge—42.
NAYS —Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
Pdos R. Ashley, James M. Atdiiey, Baker, Banks,
3jcar,ty, Benton, Boutwell, Broomall, Buckland, But-
ler, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Covode, Cul-
lom, Dawes, Bod^e, Driggs,, Farnsworth, Fcrriss,
Ferry, Gravely, Harding, JJill, Hooper, Hopkins,
CheMer D. Hubbard, Ilulburd, Ilunter, Ingcrsoll,
Judd, Julian, Kellcy, Kelsey, Ketcham, kitchen,
L.iiiin, William Lawrencc, Lincoln, Logan, Lougli-
jid^e, Lynch, Mallory, MeOiurg, Mereur, Miller,
Mooie, Moorhead, Morrcll, Mullins, Mveis, New-
comb. 0 Neil!, Uitli, Paine, Perhani, Peters, Pile,
Poland, Polsley, Price, Raum, Robertson Sawyer,
Schenck, SeoHeld, Shanks, Smith, Starkweather,
Aaron F. Stevens, Taire, Trowbridge, Twichell, up-
40iii Cose. 2i> Sens.—No. 84
son, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Van Wyek, Elihu
B.Washburne, WilliamB. Washburn, Welkei, James
F. Wilson, and. John T. Wilson—86.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Bailey, Baldwin,
Beaman, Benjamin, Bromwell, Burr, Cake, Chanler,
Sidney Clarke, Coburn, Cook, Cornell, Dixon, Don-
nelly, Eckley, Eggleston, Ela, Eliot, Fields, Finney,
Oarfield, Griswold, Grover, Halsey, Hawkins, Asahcl
W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey, John-
son, Koontz, Loan, Marshall, Marvin, Maynard, Mc-
Carthy, McCullough, Morgan, Morrissey, Mungen,
Nunn, Plants, Pomeroy, Robinson, Ross, Selye, Shei-
labarger, Sitgreaves, Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart,
Stone,Taylor,Thomas.John Trimble, RobertT. Van
Horn, Van Trump, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Henry
D. Washburn, William Williams, Stephen F. Wil-
son, and Woodward—61.
So the House refused to adjourn.
During the vote Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illi-
nois, moved that the reading of the roll be dis-
pensed with.
Mr. FOX objected.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
nayy appropriation bill again.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
the rules be suspended, and the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union on the Navy appropriation
bill.
Mr. RANDALL demanded the yeas and
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 7G, nays 41, not vot-
ing 72; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
Deles R. Ashley, Banks, Beutty, Benton, Blaine,
Blair, Boutwell, Broomall, Buckland, Churchill,
Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cullom,
Dawes, Farnsworth, Ferris, Ferry, Gravely, Halsey,
Harding, Higby, Hooper, Hopkins, Chester D. Hub-
bard, Hulburd, Hunter, Ingersoll, Judd, Julian,
Kelley, Kelsey, Kitchen, Laiim, William Lawrence,
Lynch, Mallory, McClurg, Mercur, Miller, Moore,
Moorhead, Mullins,Newcomb, Orth, Paine, Perham,
Peters, Pile, Poland, Poisley, Price, Raum, Sawyer,
Schenck, Scofield, Shanks, Starkweather, Aaron F.
Stevens, Taffe, Taylor,Ttowbridge,Twichell,Upson,
Van Aernara, Van Wyek, Elihu B. Washburne, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Welker, James F.Wilson, and
John T. Wilson—70.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Barnes Barnum, Beck,
Bingham, Boyer, Brooks, Cary, Eldridge, Fox, Getz,
Glossbrenner, Golladay, Haight, Holman,Hotchkiss,
Jenckes, Jones, Kerr, Knott, George V. Lawrence,
Loughridge, McCormick, Myers, Niblack, Nicholson,
O'Neill, Phelps, Pike, Pruyn, Randall, Stewart,
Stokes, Taber, Lawrence S. Tumble, Van Auken,
Ward, Thomas Williams, Windom, Wood, and
W oodbridge—41.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, James M. Ashley,
Axtell, Bailey, Baker, Baldwin, Beaman, Benjamin,
Bromwell, Burr, Butler, Cake, Chanler, Sidney
Clarke, Cornell, Covodo, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly,
Driggs, Eckley, Eggleston, Ela, Eliot,Fields, Finney,
Garfield, Griswold, Grover, Hawkins, Hill, Asahel
W.Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard. Humphrey, John-
son, Ketcham, Koontz, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Mar-
shall, Marvin, Maynard, McCarthy, McCullough,
Morgan, Morrell,Morrissey, Mungen, Nunn, Plants,
Pomeroy,Robertson, Robinson, Ross, Selye, Shella-
barger, Sitgreaves, Smith, Spalding, Thaddeus Ste-
vens, Stone. Thomas, John Trimble, BurtVan Horn,
Robert T. Van Horn. Van Trump, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Henry D. Washburn, William Williams,
Stephen F. Wilson, and Woodward—72.
So the motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended ; and
the House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Dawes, in the chair.) and re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
601) making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the year ending 30th June, 1869.
The Cleik resumed the reading of the bill,
and read as follows:
Sec. 3. And he it further ennctcd, That the fourth
section of an act entitled "An act making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending the
3Uth ot June, 1848," approved March 3, 1847; the
second section of an act entitled "An act to increase
thopavot midship-mcn and others," approved March
3,1865: the second scction of an act entitlcd/'An act
to regulate the appointment and pay of engineers in
the Navy of the United States," approved August
81,1842; the ninth section of an act entitled "An act
to amend certain acts m relation to the Navy," ap-
proved March 2,1S67; and the first section of an act
entitled "An act to establish the oificc of solicitor of
naval and judge advocate,'' approved March 2,1S63,
be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. PIKE. 1 raise the point of order that
the foregoing section and the two succeeding
ones propose independent legislation.
Mr. WASH.BUi.lN13, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman is too late; section three has been read.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, that section three, which has
just been read, and the two following sections
propose to change existing law.
The remaining sections of the bill which
were included in the point of order and which
were ruled out, are as follows :
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That each and
every seaman, ordinary seaman, or landsman who
shall perform the duty of a fireman or ooal-heaver
on board of any vessel of war, shall be entitled to and
shall receive a compensation at the rate of eight
dollars per month for the time they shall thus be
employed as firemen and coal-heavers, and which
shall be in addition to their compensation as seamen,
ordinary seaman, or landsmen, as aforesaid.
Sec. 5. And he it further enacted, That the num-
ber of non-commissioned officers, musicians, and
privates authorized and allowed to be enlisted into
the Marine Corps of the United States be, and the
same is hereby, fixed and declared to be the number
established by the act of Congress entitled " An act
for the better organization of the Marine Corps,"
approved July 25,1861; and all acts or parts of acta
authorizing a number to bo enlisted in excess of the
number in act of July 25,1861, are hereby repealed;
and the total amount appropriated by this bill is
$.18,096,045.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
committee to go back and strike out'' $30,000''
and insert "$G0,000" in the paragraph in
regard to hospital repairs and improvements
of hospitals. It is the same amount as was
inserted last year, and information has come
to the committee since the bill was reported
that that sum will be required this year.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Air. Dawes reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had under consideration the
state of the Union generally, and particularly
the special order, being House bill No. 601,
making appropriations for the naval, service
for the year ending 30th June, 1869, and had
directed him to report the same to the House
with various amendments.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now
move that the bill be postponed till Monday
nest after the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
on Monday morning, a^ter the morning hour,
thegentlemanfrom New York [Mr. GriswoldI
is entitled to the floor on a motion pending at
the adjournment last Monday to suspend the
rules to allow him to offer some resolutions
in regard to the rights of American citizens
abroad.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let this
come up after the vote shall be taken on that
matter.
The motion of Mr. Washburxe, of Illinois,
was agreed to; and the further consideration of
the bill was accordingly postponed till Monday
next, after the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
as the House has rescinded the order that to-
morrow be assigned to debate in Committee
of the Whole on the President's message, the
first business in the morning hour to-morrow
will be the consideration of the bill reported
by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Peters,]
from the Committee on Patents, which was
pending at the expiration of the morning hour
to-day.
administration of justice in texas.
Mr. BUTLER. I ask unanimous consent
to present a communication from the Gov-
ernor of Texas, and have it referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. HOLMAN. What is the character of
the paper ?
Mr. BUTLER. It is in regard to the admin-
istration of justice in that State.
Mr. BOYER. I object.
IMPEACHMENT OF TUB PRESIDENT.
Mr. COVODE. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States, be impeached of high crimes and mis-
demeanors.
Mr. WOOD. I object.
