m
SUPPLEMENT TO
influence jnight be brought to bear against him
ip. this trial, and that it would be trumpeted
abroad from one end of the Union to the other
that Judge Black had become disgusted with
his cause and dissatisfied with it, and had de-
serted it_ and abandoned it on account of his
full conviction of his guilt—although the Pres-
ident, I say, It new this, and although he knew
that a black cloud would be raised against him,
yet his feeling was that
" Although that cloud were thunder's worst,
And charged to crush him—lot it burst."
And he acted like a noble-hearted man, as
he is; he acted like a sentinel placed, if I may
so express myself, upon the watch-tower of
the Constitution, faithful to the rights of the
people who had exalted him to that lofty posi-
tion; nnmindful of self, regardless of conse-
quences, he was determined not to do an act
which he believed to be wrong. He was de-
termined not to employ the whole power of
the United States in a waragainsta little Power
down here that had no capacity of resistance.
He was determined not, under these painful
and difficult circumstances, to be used as an
instrument in the hands of anybody, or any set
of men under heaven, to carry on a specula-
tion which he believed might be carried on
with dishonor to the Government or with dis-
grace to himself if he consented to be con-
cerned in it.
And I ask you, Senators, to weigh his con-
duct; let the impartial judgment of the world
look this statement of facts in the face and
pronounce upon it as you have to pronounce
upon this impeachment; and when yon come,
iu the cool moments of calm deliberation, to
look over the President's conduct and these
articles of impeachment that are preferred
against him, I think you will find that, like the
grave charge which was presented by the hon-
orable Manager the day before yesterday, these
charges vanish away,
"And, like the baseless fabric of a vision,
Leave not a rack behind."
Such, [ trust, Senators, will be the result;
such, I trust, will be the conclusion of this
trial; and, although the President is now pass-
ing through the fiery furnace, although now
every act and every motive of his public life is
being investigated, yet he tears it not. He
challenges the utmost scrutiny : he challenges
the strongest investigation that may bo made
into his conduct; and while, as f said yester-
day, he hurls no defiance at the Senate, and
does not authorize me to say one word that
will be offensive to his judges, yet he defies his
enemies now as he has always defied them;
and he appeals to the purity and honesty of
his own motives and of his own principles to
shield him against this charge, as he does
against every other of the charges that have
been preferred. No, Senators, instead of this
being a matter of accusation against the Pres-
ident of the United States, in the view which
I entertain of it, and in the view which T think
every honorable and high-minded man will
entertain of it, it will elevate him a head and
shoulders taller than ho over stood before in
the estimation of his friends; and it will be
regarded as one of the proudest and noblest
acts of his life that he could not be coaxed or
driven to do what he believed to lie a wrong in
the name of the Government of the United
States. This is preferred here as if the Presi-
dent had done some wrong to Judge Black.
What wrongdid he do? How did any pollu-
tion result from Judge Black's contact with
him as counsel ? _ Did he discard Judge Black
and tell him he did not want him to appear as
his counsel any more in the cause? No, sir;
it was upon his own voluntary motion that he
withdrew from the case. If the President of
the United States has done him any injury the
Piesideht knows it not; his counsel know it
not: and 1 leave it to the judgment of the
world to determine upon this statement how
much of'justice there is in the accusation which
was so strongly made against him.
Senators, allow me to call your attention to
another paragraph in the speech of the honor-
able Manager who last addressed yon. It is
not my purpose or intention to undertake the
duty at present of answering at length that able
and carefully-prepared argument which the
honorable Manager has made. I must leave
the notice of it to those who are to follow me
in the argument on the side of the President.
But there is another paragraph which reads in
this language:
" Having indulged his Cabinet in such freedom of
opinion when he consulted them in retorenco to the
constitutionality of the bill, and having covered him-
self and them with public- odium by its announce-
ment, he now vaunts their opinions, extorted by
power and given in subsorvioney, that the law itself
may be violated with impunity."
You remember how elegantly the honorable
gentleman introduced the dialogue between
Hamlet and Polonius, when speaking upon
this subject, and you may remember that he
goes on and says:
"This, says the President, is the exercise of my
constitutional right to the opinion of my Cabinet.
I, says the President, am responsiblefonnyCabinet.
Yes, the President is responsible for the opinions
and conduct of men who give such advice as is de-
manded, and give it in fear and trembling lest they
bo at once deprived of their places. This is the
President's idea of a Cabinet, but it is an idea not in
harmony with the theory of the Constitution."
And in another place, I believe, the gentle-
man spoke of the members of the Cabinet
being serfs:
" It was the advice of serfs to their lord, of servants
to their master, of slaves to their owner."
I desire, Senators, to refresh your recollec-
tion by reading a single paragraph from the
message of the President of the United States
which was put in evidence upon the side of
the prosecution, the famous message dated
December 12, 1807 ; and lest I should forget to
present the idea to your consideration, I wish
to state now, in reference to this message, as
well as in reference to all other documents
signed by the President of the United States
which they have introduced upon the other
side as evidence against him, that if any rule
of law is to obtain in this high and honorable
tribunal, when they put these documents in
evidence before the Senate they make them, so
to speak, their witnesses, and they cannot dis-
credit them. They have not undertaken to dis-
credit them at all. When we offered to intro-
duce the members of the Cabinet as witnesses
to prove certain statements which were made
by the President in these messages, the Senate
refused to do so; and while at the moment I
regretted the decision of the Senate, yet upon
sober second thought 1 was inclined to the
opinion that the Senate had probably settled
the question exactly right, that it was unneces-
sary for us to introduce the members of the
Cabinet, unnecessary for us to introduce their
testimony to sustain these statements, when
these statementsare not impugned in the slight-
est degree by any evidence which is offered by
the other side. What does the President say
in that message? I read from page 138 of the
record of the tiial:
" This was not the first occasion inwhichMr. Stan-
ton, I'll discharge of u public duty, was called upon to
consider the provisions of that law. That tenure-of-
ofhcc_ law did not pass without notice. Like other
act*, it was sent to the President for appioval. As
is uiy custom, I submitted its consideration to my
Cabinet for their advice upon the question whether
1 should approve it or not. It was a grave question
of constitutional law, in which I would of course rely
most upon the opinion of the Attorney General and
of Mr. Stan ton, who had once been Attorney General."
Now, you see, to use the elegant word of the
honorable Manager on the other side, he calls
these s"rfs around him to see what these serfs
will say in reference to the constitutionality of
the law which he has under consideration:
"Every member of my Cabinet advised me that
the proposed law was unconstitutional. AH spoke
without doubt or reservation ; but Air. Stanton's con-
demnation of the law was the most elaborate and
emphatic. Ho referred to the constitutional pro-
visions, tlio debates in Congress, especially to the
speech of Mr. Buchanan when a Senator, to" the de-
cisions of the Sapreme Court, and to the usage from
the beginning of the Government through every suc-
cessive Administration, all concurring to establish
the right of removal as vested by the Constitution in
the 1 lesidcnt. To all these ho added the weight of
his own deliberate judgment, and advised me that
it was my duty to defend the power of the President
from usurpation, and to veto the law."
There is in the " plain, unvarnished" state-
ment of the President of the United States,
uncontradicted by any witnesses called here, a
statement that we offered to verify by the in-
troduction of the members of the Cabinet as
witnesses. We offered to prove every word,
at least the substance of every word that is
contained in that paragraph of the message,
and had the members of the Cabinet here, and
were ready and willing to put them upon oath ;
but their testimony was not admitted; and so,
in view of the two things, first that this mes-
sage was offered in evidence upon the side of
the prosecution, and second that we offered to
prove the truth of the statements contained
here, I assume as an indisputable fact in the
case that Mr. Stanton, about whom the wdiole
world seems to be set on fire now, did give to
the President the advice that this civil-tenure
bill, about which such a great cry has been
raised in the laud, was an unconstitutional law,
and that it was his duty to veto it. While I
never saw Mr. Stanton to my knowledge, and
have no sort of personal acquaintance with
him, I think that if I were in his place I
should exclaim as somebody exclaimed—I for-
get who it was, but I know these honorable
Senators will remember it a great deal better
than I do—"Save me from my friends, and I
will take care of my enemies." I think if ever
a man on the face of the earth had reason to
exclaim "Save me from my friends," Mr. Stan-
ton has reason to exclaim "Save me from the
description which is given here of a Cabinet
officer, and of the mean, low, debasing, mer-
cenary motive by which a Cabinet officer is
supposed to act." But this is a sort of family
quarrel, and I shall not undertake to interfere
in it.
One other thing in this connection about Mr.
Stanton. Mr. Stanton as one of the Presi-
dent's Cabinet advised him to veto the civil
tenure-of-office bill; but before Mr. Johnson
became President Mr. Stanton placed on record
an opinion which I think it proper for me to
read under existing circumstances; and it is
an opinion which does not stand in the cate-
gory of the action of Mr. Stanton as one of
the members of President Johnson's Cabinet.
On the 3d of March, 18G5, Mr. Stanton ad-
dressed the following letter to '• His Excellency
Andrew Johnson, Vice President-elect:''
Wae Depaktment,
Washington City, March 3,1863.
Sir: This Department has accepted your resigna-
tion as biigadier general and military governor of
ietuicssec.
Permit me on this occasion to render to yon the
thanks of this Department for your patriotic and
able services during the eventful period through
which you have exercised the high trusts commuted
to your charge.
In one of tho darkest hours of the great struggle
for national existence against, rebellious to s the
Government called you from the Senate, and from
the comparatively safe and easy duties of civil life,
to place you in tho front of the enemy, and in a
position of personal toil and danger perhaps more
hazardous than was encountered by any other citi-
zen or military officer of the United States.
With patriotic promptness you assumed the post,
and maintained it under circumstances of unpar-
alleled tiia.l, until recent events have brought safety
and deliverance to your State and to the integnty of
that constitutional (Jnion for which you so long nnd
so gallantly periled all that is dear to man on earth.
That you may be spared to enjoy the new honors
and pertorm the high duties to which yon have been
called by the people of the United States is the sin-
i cere wish of one who, in every otiicial and personal
relation, has found you worthy of the confidence of
the Government and the honor nnd esteem of your
fellow-citizens. EDWIN M.STANTON,
Secretary of War.
His Excellency Andrew Johnson,
Vicc President-elect.
Mr. Chief Justice and Senators, but three
short years have elapsed since that letter of
indorsement was written by Mr. Secretary
j Stanton to the present President of the United
States; and I read it for a twofold purpose :
first, to show that when I spoke to you yester-
day in regard to the services of the President
of the United States in behalf of the Union I
did speak the words of truth and soberness,
