4402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
having the exclusive right to connect with this
company; there are other roads in the country
that ought to share in it." That is the answer
to the whole argument of my honorable friend
from Pennsylvania.
Now, to my astonishment, my friend from
Ohio takes up the strain, and he says that we are
in danger really of this great monopoly. Why?
lie says they will not check the baggage
through now to the Northwest. I think that is
very illiberal in them, to say the least of it;
but how are we to settle these relations on this
little question of crossing the river? Are we
here to settle the relations between the North-
ern Central and the Baltimore and Ohio roads ?
Is that our business on this particular meas-
ure? Has it come to pass that no legislation,
however remote, can be done in the District
of Columbia touching any railroad unless the
Northern Central and the Baltimore and Ohio
roads must be heard, and their interests must
be heard, and that we musthold audience with
these august institutions before we allow our-
selves to say whether we will cross the Poto-
mac by a toll-bridge? That is this proposi-
tion.
My honorable friend from Ohio says if they
get possession of this road, what will happen?
Who can tell? They will then have the right of
way to the South. Suppose they do. Cannot
we cross the river where we please the next
day after? Suppose that were all true, what
a frightful thing it would be! Does the. hon-
orable Senator know that right hero under our
nose they cross every day? Does the honor-
able Senator know that Congress chattered a
road within the last five years which runs reg-
ularly between here and Richmond daily? And
yet the earth stands ; the Capitol of the United
States is secure. I have heard a great deal of
this monopoly. One would have supposed
from the wonderful power and capacity of this
road that they would own Virginia and all its
railways before this; but they do not own the
road to which I refer. I have not heard any
intimation that they have any control over this
road. And yet we are told that we cannot
legislate to authorize the building of a toll
bridge for fear this great monopoly which
breaks the connections with the Northern Cen-
tral will get control of the road and block the
whole travel to the South.
Now, sir, 1 submit that those fears and ap-
prehensions are not worthy of the Senate of
the United States on a bill of this sort. I
submit that they are groundless. I submit
that it affects nobody's rights. And so as to
what the honorable Senatur from Pennsylvania
said to me on this subject. I heard him patiently
and respectfully, as X always do, and disposed
to take his views so far as practicable, and I
have shorn this bill of everything under heaven
exccpt simply the right to cross that bridge.
There is no right whatever of connection on
this side, and I say to that Senator and the
Senate I have not the slightest belief that
either that road or any other road can connect
with it on this side unless they come here and
get your authority. Everybody knows they
cannot do it. That is precisely what there is
in this bill.
What does my friend from Pennsylvania
want? If he is afraid that the Baltimore and
Ohio railroad will buy this road, and will get
a right to connect which no other road has a
right to do, I am perfectly willing to negative
all such right as that, and I will submit such a
proposition as this to the honorable Senator,
which I think will answer that purpose :
And he it further enacted, That such company shall
not grant to any one railroad company anv light of
connection or any privilege whatever to the exclu-
sion of any other lailroad company.
Believing as I do that no company has any
such right, opposed as I am to granting in this
bill any right of this sort, I am disposed to
gratify this apprehension of the honorable
Senator and go so far as expressly to deny the
right of granting to one road what is not
. granted to another. But any one will see that
the proposition which the honorable Senator
offers is altogether a very extraordinary prop-
osition to put upon a bill of this kind. The
machinery which he proposes, the conditions
and terms are such as I think the Senate would
agree would be unusual. If this is satisfactory
to the honorable Senator I "will propose it.
Mr. CAMERON. It is not,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then I offer it
as a substitute for the amendment of the hon-
orable Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask if all parties will not
agree that this bill should now go over with a
view to have an executive session. I do not
wish to interfere with the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Make that motion.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. CAMERON. I trust the Senator will
allow me a word in reply to the Senator from
Maine.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think wo can
finish the bill in a short time.
Mr. SUMNER. I withdraw my motion for
the present, but give notice that I shall re-
new it.
Mr. CAMERON. I must say, with all defer-
ence to the Senator from Maine, that ho has
shown a great deal more heat on this subject
than he usually does, and much more than the
subject, to my mind, warrants. The Senator
said that 1 called upon him some years ago to
ask for the passage of a bill he then had under
consideration; and from the manner in which
he spoke of it it might, be supposed that I
attempted to ask that of him which was not
proper.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Oh, no.
Mr. CAMERON. I came to him as the
chairman of a committee of the Senate who
were considering a bill m which I felt a deep
interest. My interest was that of a citizen of
the country—-
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope the Sen-
ator will allow me to say——
Mr. CAMERON. If I have said anything
wrong I shall b« glad to be corrected.
Mr. MORltlLL, of Maine. It was the
farthest thing possible in my mind to intimate
that the honorable Senator had approached me
in any bat the most proper spirit, and 1
received it in that way.
Mr. CAMERON. I wish to say what I have
to say in reply to the Senator. I came here as
a citizen desirous of having communication
with this city. The State of Maryland some
twenty years before had passed a law author-
izing a railroad from the city of Baltimore to
Aquia creek. That law could be made useful
if we eouid get the right to connect with the
city of Washington. I asked the Senator from
Maine to pass a bill giving that right. For
some reason or other he relused to do so, and
as I said before, the next year that bill was
passed, and some people about the Senate—
not Senators, but some people about the Sen-
ate—took possession of the charter and refused
to give it to anybody but the Baltimore and
Ohio railroad, unless they were paid a large
sum ot' money for it. Ill order to make that
connection that sum of money was paid to
those people, and now the right to come here
is in the hands of men who, within the lastfew
days, have made such arrangements as will,
within a year and a half more, bring another
rartioad to Washington.
Now, as to the connection here, what I desire
is that every railroad wishing to connect with
the South shall have permission to go across
that bridge.
The Senator from Maine is incorrect in
another particular. He says the Baltimore
and Ohio road have no right to connect with
this road. By their charter they have a right
to connect with any railroad here, in Virginia,
or in Maryland, as he will find if he looks it
up. They can connect there, and they can
make their own terms, or at least, they can nego-
tiate for terms. All I desire is to permit all
railroads coming here to have the right to pass
over that railroad bridge upon equal terms. I
desire also that this company shall be prevented
from selling their charter privileges to the
Baltimore and Ohio railroad, or any other rail-
road which shall not cheek baggage or com-
mute fares as other railroads do. My propo-
sition is a perfectly fair one, and if the gentle-
men who are interested in this matter had
nothing but fairness in their minds they would
not, object to it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. To whom does
the Senator refer when he says that the per-
sona interested were not prompted by fairness
or they would not object to his proposition ?
Mr. CAMERON. The people who own the
charter. That is my conclusion. I have con-
versed with them all. I have assured them
that I had no desire to interfere with them, it
they would do as I think they ought to do,
allow everybody to connect with them and not
sell their charter to people who will not make
connections. My impression and my strong
belief is that they will sell out this charter,to
the Baltimore and Ohio railroad; for to that
company it will be of immense importance, as
by means of it they can keep the connection
south as they have hitherto done the connec- ■
tion north.
Mr. SUMNER. I now renew my motion
for an executive session.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think we can
get a vote now.
Mr. SUMNER. I think we had better pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. We must get that business out of the
Mr. CONNE8S. I shall be compelled to
object to that until we can get a vote on House
bill No. 7G8, and I hope the motion for an
executive session will not be precipitated upon
us this morning until we can get a vote on that
bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion for an executive session is not debatable.
Mr. CHANDLER. We can get a vote on
this bill now, and I hope the Senator will with-
draw his motion.
Mr. SUMNER. I must persist in my motion.
It is well known to the Senate that there is
important business in executive session requir-
ing two or three hours.
Mr. CHANDLER. Allow this to be dis-
posed of first.
Mr. SUMNER. This will be in order as
soon as we get out of executive session.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. We have agreed
upon a proposition which will relieve this bill
ot all embarrassment, and we can pass it with-
out further debate.
The PHES1 DENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator withdraw his motion?
Mr. SUMNER. I do for the moment.
. 1 he PKES1 DENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Maine, which will be read as modi-
fied.
ihe Chief Cleik read the amendment, as
modified, which was to insert as an additional
section the following:
And tic it further enacted. That sakl company shall
not grant to any railroad or other corporation the
oxclasivo rislit to transfer passeiurers or freight over
said railioad bridge. and any piiyjiego granted to
8b,oU bo, ^Vnded to all'who may
make application lor such privilege on eoual terms
mhu. "0t SU!i' translCr' °r l0^e corporate
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
m. the amendments were ordered to be
engrossed and the bill to be read a third time,
the bill was read the third time, and passed.
history of tin: monitor.
Mr. DOOLITTLE submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to.
Hesohed, That the Secretary of the Navy be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate the l'aots con-
cealing the construction of the non-eliul Monitor
including a. copy ot the proposal to build said vessel'
a copy ot the contract, a statement ol the amount
paid lor her construction, the time and amount of
each payment, and any other facts necessary t\>r 'i
lull history ot the origin and construction of this
memorable vessel.
