THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IT
and I show you, out of the mouth of Mr. Stan-
ton himself, that he deserved all the encomiums
which 1 endeavored to pass upon him in the
progress of my remarks yesterday for his faith-
ful devotion to the CJnion and for having ex-
posed himself in the hour of danger in its
behalf; and, second, to show that in three
short years it is scarcely possible, in the nature
of things, that the President of the United
Stales should be so suddenly changed as they
insist he is in behalf of the prosecution. It is
hardly conceivable that in a period of three
short years a gentleman of whom the Secre-
tary of War spoke in the highest terms of com-
mendation which I have read should become
the monster, the tyrant, the usurper, the wicked
man that he is represented to be upon the
other side. Mr. Stanton runs through this
whole trial; his name is almost everywhere.
Mr. Stanton's name is, at least, substantially
embodied in the charges that are contained in
these articles. Here you have Mr. Stanton in
two positions indorsing the President of the
United States : first, when he ceased to hold
the office of military governor of Tennessee
and was elevated to the high p6sition of Vice
President-elect, you have him saying—
" That you may be spared to enjoy the newhonors
and perfoi rn tbo high duties to whictlyou havo boon
called by the people of the United States is the sin-
cere wish of one who in every official and personal
relation has found you rrorthy of tho confidence of
the (Government and the honor and esteem of your
fellow-citizens."
That is Mr. Stanton's indorsement in 1865 ;
and then you have Mr. Stanton's act as one of
the President's advisers when the civil tenure
bill was passed in February, 1867. You have
him then indorsing the action of the President
in both forms up to the time that the civil ten-
ure bill was passed; and if a difference of
opinion afterward grew up between them, if
unkind feelings existed between them, if there
was a loss of confidence on the part of the
President, and if their relations toward each
became less harmonious than they had been
before, all that I have to say about it is that it
furnishes no ground of impeachment that should
in the slightest degree affect his character or
his motives.
There is one other thing, before I come to
the consideration in detail of the various ar-
ticles of impeachment, that I desire, Senators,
to call your attention to, and that is to this
same proceeding which was had in the House
of Representatives upon the subject ot' im-
peachment. I know not how it has struck the
minds of Senators; I know not how it has
impressed the minds of the people of the
United States ; but one of the strangest anom-
alies in the political history of our Govern-
ment is that these articles of impeachment
should have been gotten up against the Presi-
dent of the United States after twelvemonths'
examination, and that some of the leading
charges against him, of which I will speak after
awhile, should be founded upon acts which
were done in reference to the Thirty-Ninth
Congress. If the President of the United
States is the guilty culprit that they represent
him to be on the other side, if he has defamed
and slandered Congress, if he has done acts
which are worthy of impeachment, is it not
passing-strange that the Thirty-Ninth Congress
took no notice of them, and that after that
Congress is dcl'nnct, after it has passed out of
existence, after its name and its memory have
gone inLo history, another Congress should take
up offenses against that Congress and make
them matter of grave accusation against the
President of tho United States'? I will read
one of the charges investigated by that Con-
gress. This is rather by anticipation and a
little out of the Order that I had designed; but
as I have the book before me I will read it now.
One of the grounds of accusation then pre-
sented against him by the committee in the
liouseof Representatives—and they had seven-
teen of them—the last of the file was this :
" That be has been guilty of acts calculated, if not
intended, to subveit the Government of the United
States, by denying that the Thirty-Ninth Congress
was a constitutional body, and fostering a spirit of
disaffection and disobedience to the law and rebel-
Hon against its authority, by endeavoring:, in public
speeches, to bring it into odium and contempt."
I have in my possession the actual vote
which was taken in the House of Representa-
tives upon the subject. My memory may fail
me; I may have been misinformed about it;
but I have been informed and believe, and you
know much better than I do how the fact is,
that the House of Representatives, by a consid-
erable majority, refused to entertain these-
accusations as ground of impeachment against
the President of the United States by a solemn
vote. And if there were any law in this tribu-
nal (and the gentlemen say there is not unless
it be that mysterious and wonderful law of
Parliament which they rely upon, and which
after all the definitions they give to it amounts
at last to no law at all) or any application by
analogy of the principles of law, I would avail
myself of the doctrine of estoppel which was
so learnedly insisted upon by one of the honor-
able Managers on the other side, and I would
insist, with all due deference and respect, that
the House of Representatives,after having voted
down this charge that the Piesidetit of the
United States had slandered and maligned the
Thirty-Ninth Congress, was estopped from
making any accusation of that kind against
the President now.
But I hope I may say without offense, and
before proceeding to notice some of the charges
more specifically that have been preferred here,
that I think the Senate of the United States,
sitting as a judicial tribunal, can look to tho
circumstances under which these charges are
preferred without any disrespect whatever to the
House of Representatives: and when you come
to look at the circumstances under which these
charges were preferred, after tho President of
the United States had been virtually acquitted
in the House of Representatives, you have at
least evidence that it was done without any
great amount of deliberation in the House, pos-
sibly under the influence of that excitement
which legislative assemblies as well as individ-
uals are liable to ; and that very circumstance,
without imputing any wrong or improper mo-
tive to the House of llepresentatives, is one to
which I maintain that this Senate, this assem-
bly of grave and reverend seniors, who are im-
paneled, as it were, here under t,hc Constitu-
tion to try these articles of impeachment, may
look, and may look with propriety—for they
do not come before you, Senators, like those
articles which were preferred against Warren
Hastings in England, and which were the sub-
ject of long and earnest debate in the House
of Commons before they were presented. They
were prepared in hot-haste after the President
had removed Mr. Stanton; they were passed
upon very brief debate in the House of Repre-
sentatives. and thus they come here. If the
House has acted, as I hope it has, hastily, Sen-
ators, it is your province and your duty, as I
maintain most respectfully, to look to that
fact, and not to give the same importance to
accusations made under such circumstances as
you would to those which were made under
more careful deliberation, and especially when
the House of Representatives, but a very short
time before, had acquitted the President of a
large number of the charges which were pre-
ferred against him in the able and ingenious
report presented by its Judiciary Committee.
Surely, under these circumstances, it will be
no disparagement of the House, it will be no
disparagement to you- to look to the fact that
these charges were hastily presented, and if,
upon sober review here, you should believe
that these charges come to you in at least a
questionable shape, so far as the swift circum-
stances under which they were adopted are
concerned, it will be no reflection upon the
House any more than it would upon an indi-
vidual. 1 trust that, as the House of Repre-
sentatives is composed of men, at least men of
flesh and blood like yourselves, it will be no
disparagement to them to say that even a House
of Representatives, composed of honorable
men, acting under the impulses of feeling, and
acting hastily and without any great amount
of deliberation, acting,-as it were, in passion,-
may do a thing which, upon "sober second
thought," they would not do over again, We
all know human nature well enough, at least
in our own persons and in oar own characters,
to know that when we act in passion, when we
act in hasto, when we act in excitement, we',
are apt to do things which, upon reflection, we
have reason to regret; and those actions, white
they are in a great measuro excusable, on ac-
count of the haste and passion in which they
are committed, are yet actions which do riot
command the same power and influence in
society that they would do if they were the
result of grave and careful and deliberate and
mature consideration.
Now, Senators, I shall have to call your
attention to the articles of impeachment some-
what in detail; and though it, is rather a dis-
agreeable duty to tread this mill-horse round,
to go to these articles of impeachment and
take them up one by one and make brief com-
ments on them, as it is my purpose to do;
though I know that the subject is becoming
stale and weary, not only to the Senate, but to
those who are gathered around to hear this in-
vestigation ; yet I cannot, in accordance' with
my sense of duty in this case, take my seat until
I offer some considerations to the Senate on
each one of the articles of impeachment. Al-
though it must necessarily be to some extent
a tedious business, yet I do so because, Sen-
ators, if you follow the precedents which we
have had in other cases, you will be required
to vote upon each one of the articles of im-
peachment separately, and you will havo to
form your judgment and opinion upon each in
a separate way.
In regard to the first article of impeachment
it may not be out of place to look to that arti-
cle as it is presented, and to state very briefly
the article itself and, the answer to it. I do
not propose to go through all the verbiage of
that article, nor to repeat in detail all the
facts stated in the answer; but the article
charges in substance that on the 21st of Feb-
ruary, 1868, the President unlawfully issued
an order for the removal of Edwin M. Stan-
ton, without saying anything in this part of
the article about the Senate being or not being
in session. It alleges that on the 12th of
August, 18C7, during tho recess of the Senate,
he suspended Mr. Stanton; that on the 12tl 
of December, 18G7, and within twenty days-
after the meeting of the Senate, he reported
the suspension and his reasons, and that the
Senate refused to concur in the suspension;
that Stanton, by virtue of the act "regulating
the tenure of certain civil offices," forthwith
resumed the office; and that on the 21st of
February, 1808, the President issued the order
of removal to Stanton, and that this was done,
first, in violation of the "act regulating the
tenure of certain civil offices," passed March
2, 1867; and second, in violation of the Con-
stitution, and without the consent of the Sen-
ate, then in session; and that it was a h-gh
misdemeanor in office.
Without going into all the details the answer
substantially states that Mr. Stanton was ap-
pointed Secretary during pleasure by Mr. Lin-
coln on the 15th of January, 1862; that the
oflice was created by the act passed on the 7th
'■ of August, 1789 ; that Stanton became one of
the advisers of the President and subject to
his general control; that the respondent suc-
ceeded to the Presidency on the 15th of April,
18G5, and Mr. Stanton continued to hold the
office ; that the respondent being satisfied that
he could not let Mr. Stanton continue in officc
without detriment to the public interest ho
decided to suspend him on the 5th of August,
1867. The invitation to Mr. Stanton to resign
his office is set out in the answer ; also his reply
declining to do so. It is further stated that the
respondentrequiredand acted upon the opinion
as to the civil tenure-of-offieeact of each princi-
j pal officer of the Executive Departments ; that
this action was made known to the Senata
on the 2d of March, 1867; that although he
