1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1831
the question of reconstruction. I supposed it
was the great question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to any debate,
and object to any understanding.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Debate is
out of order. The question is on the motion
to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 22, 1808.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Borxrosr.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
ORDER OF business.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of a bill (II. R. No. 783)
for the relief of Samuel Pierce, reported from
the Committee on Patents and pending at the
close of the morning hour yesterday, on which
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. PfiTEKs] is
entitled to the floor.
Washington's birthday.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a privileged
question. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That in honor and commemoration of
the father ot his Country, this being the anniversary
of his birthday, his memorable Farewell Address be
read by the Clerji of this House, and that upon the
conclusion thereof this House adjourn.
The SPEAKER. That resolution requires
unanimous consent. Does the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Peters] yield for that purpose?
Mr. PETERS. I decline to yield.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then I move that tlie
House do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Peters] is on the floor, and the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge]
cannot take him off the floor and move to ad-
journ except with his consent.
Mr. PETERS. I do not yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. HOLMAN. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair, that this is not a privileged ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that this
order which the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Eldridge] desires the House to make,
that the Clerk read the Farewell Address of
Washington, and that thereafter the House
adjourn, is not in order except by unanimous
consent, for two reasons. The first is, that the
State of Wisconsin has not been called regu-
larly for resolutions, and the second is that the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Peters] is upon
the floor and cannot be taken from the floor,
except by his own consent, even for a motion
to adjourn, and much less for the reading of a
document from the Clerk's desk. From this
decision the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Holman] appeals, and the question is : "Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment
of the House ?"
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay the appeal on the table.
The question was taken; and there were—
ayes 98, noes 12.
So the appeal was laid upon the table.
Mr. PETERS. I will yield for a moment
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Eliot.]
Mr. ELIOT. I ask leave to report from the
Committee on Commerce a short bill which is
called for by the public interests at this time.
I think there will be no objection to it.
Mr. BARNES. I object.
Mr. ELIOT. There will be no objection to it.
Mr. BARNES. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Eliot] yesterday objected to
a resolution having the same public interest,
and I object to his resolution to-day.
Mr. ELIOT. All right. I hope the gen-
tleman feels better now.
LIGHTING TUB HALL.
Mr. PETERS. I yield now to the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Kelsey.]
Mr. KELSEY. In view of the accident
which happened here yesterday, I offer the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committeo on Accounts be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency and expense
of causing the gas over this Hall to be lighted by
electricity from the battery now used for lighting the
rotunda and dome.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Since the gentlemen on
the other side object to my resolution, I shall
object to anything coming in by unanimous
consent-.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Will
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Peters] yield
to me for a few moments ?
Mr. PETERS. I am willing to do so.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to report from the Committee on the Judiciary
a Senate bill which is short, easily compre-
hensible, and will give rise to no debate. It
is important that it should be passed as soou
as practicable. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, of which the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Eldridge] is a member, and avcry worthy
one, recommend the passage of this bill, and
I hope he will not object.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. There is no member of
this House to whom I would extend a courtesy
so soon as to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Williams.] But the resolution 1 offered
should have been received, but it was objected
to, and I must, therefore, object to any other
business being done by unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. Then the House will pro-
ceed with the consideration of the special
order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I am informed that the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Peters] will yield
to me to offer the resolution and lot the House
vote upon it. If the House vote it down I will
yield to its decision, of course.
Mr. PETERS. I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. HARDING. I object.
samuel pierce.
The House then resumed the consideration
of House bill No. 783, for the relief of Samuel
Pierce.
The bill was read at length. It provides
that letters-patent heretofore ganted to Samuel
Pierce on til'1 Gth December, 1845, for improve-
ment in stoves, and which was subsequently
extended for the term of seven years from the
6th December, 1859, by the Commissioner of
Patents, and which was reissued in two patents
on the 3d December, 1860, numbered 130 and
137, so far as and to the extent of the improve-
ment described and claimed in said reissued
letters-patent No. 130, shall be extended for
the term of seven years, commencing Gth
December, 1806, and ending on the Gth Decem-
ber, 1878, for the benefit of'said Samuel Pierce
and his heirs and legal representatives, upon
the conditions hereinafter set forth. The Com-
missioner of Patents is directed, upon the pre-
sentation of said patent, or in ease of loss of
a duly certified copy thereof, and the payment
of the fees and charges provided by law, to
extend said patent by making a certificate
thereon of such extension in the usual manner
in cases of extension by said Commissioner in
the name of said Samuel Pierce, if, in his
judgment upon full hearing, the same should
be granted. The Commissioner is further
directed to cause said extension, if perfected,
to be entered upon the records of the Patent
Office.
It is further directed the said patent so ex-
tended shall have the same effect as if ori-
ginally granted for the term extending to the
end of the term to whieli it is extended by this
act; provided, however, that said extended
patent shall be open to legal inquiry and decis-
ion in the same manner as if issued under the
general law in relation to patents. It is pro-
vided, further, that all persons enjoying the
lawful use of the improvement secured by said
patent, and the purchases of any article made
under said patent, may continue to use the
same as if this aet had not been passed. And
it is still further provided, that all persons who
shall have purchased said improvement after
the 6th December, 1866, and before the day of
the extension of said patent, shall be entitled
to use the same without -license under said
patent, and that all persons who shall have
made use of said patent between the time of
its expiration and its extension shall be relieved
from all liability therefor.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. PETERS. I now ask that the report
accompanying this bill be read.
The report was read. It states that the peti-
tioner, Samuel Pierce, of Cambridge, Mas-
sachusetts, sets forth that he is the first inven-
tor of an improvement in anthracite cooking
stoves, for which he received a patent, dated
December 6, 1815 ; that after certain reissues
he procured said patent to be extended for
seven years from the Gth of December, 1859 ;
that in 1801 he surrendered that patent and
took out two letters-patent covering different
patterns of his invention; that he now seeks
an extension of that one of his last reissued
patents that covers the improvement known
and described as the "curved oven-plate;"
that said improvement has been of great value
to the public, and that he has not been ade-
quately rewarded for his labor and expenses
in making said invention and bringing the
same into use.
The report further states that the petitioner
produced in support of his petition the evi-
dence of many witnesses, prominent for many
years in the business of manufacturing stoves,
who unanimously pronounce the improvement
invented by Mr. Pierce to be an essential pat-
tern in good anthracite cooking stoves, and a
saving to the public of from three hundred
thousand to seven hundred and fifty thousand
dollars annually ; that the witnesses further as-
sert that the petitioner has not derived from said
improvement what would fairly compensate
him for his labors in making and introducing
the same to the public, but on the other hand
that his compensation has been hut little, if
any; more than the wages of a laborer.
The report further states that it was shown
that the petitioner was the first inventor of a
practical apparatus for burning anthracite coal
for cooking purposes, and that his labors in
that field, extending over the time embraced
between the years 1825 and 1845, had been
substantially unrewarded until they culminated
in this improvement patented in 1845.
The report concludes by stating that the
committee are satisfied that the invention of
the petitioner has been and is of great im-
portance to the public, and that justice demands
that the Commissioner of Patents have power
to extend this patent seven years longer, under
the provisions of the general patent law, and
therefore unanimously recommend the passage
of the accompanying bill.
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, there seemed
to be an impression in the House yesterday
that there were two reports from the Commit-
mittee on Patents on this subject-matter. The
fact is there is but one report, and that is
made by the committee unanimously; and the
same committee in the last session of the
Thirty-Ninth Congress came to a unanimous
conclusion upon the same petition. The bill
was not at that time presented to the House
because there was no time for the call of the
committee before the session expired. I will
say but a word or two in further explanation
of this matter, which I feel confident^ will
commend itself, if understood, to the judg-
ment of the House. The petitioner is an
old gentleman in indigent circumstances now
residing in Cambridge, Massachusetts.^ He
was formerly a mechanic in the cities of New
York and Troy, where he lived the greater
part of his life. In, I think, the year 1825 be
invented the cooking-stove to be used for an-
thracite coal. He never had a patent for it.
The twenty years following that time were
spent by him in getting up inventions and
devices in relation to stoves, ranges, and all
that branch of business, for none of which
did he ever receive any patent or extra com-
