4404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
that the common council of the cily of Oswego,
in the State of New York, by resolutions unan-
imously adopted April 7, 1868, and May 12,
1868, in pursuance of the authority granted
them by the Legislature of New York in the
charter of the city, have given permission to
the owners of lots eleven and twelve, also of lots,
thirteen, fourteen, eighty-one, and eighty-two,
and of lots fifteen, sixteen, seventeen, and
eighteen, in fortification block No. 2, in the
first ward of the city, to construct wharves in
front of the lots, seventy feet in width, mid
extending northerly so that the north end of the
wharves may be on a line with the north line
of the Ontario elevator pier, but not less than
two hundred and fifty feet distant from the
nearest point of the United States pier, which
wharves will extend into the navigable waters
of the harbor. The joint resolution, there-
fore, gives the assent of the United States, so
far as Congress has power to give the same, to
the owners of the lots above mentioned, to
construct the wharves in accordance with the
terms of the resolutions, subject, however, to
the approval of the engineer department of the
Army.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
AMERICAN STUAM LINE TO EUROPE.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is a report of a com-
mittee of conference on the table, which always
has preference, and I ask to have it acted
upon.
The Senate proceeded to consider the follow-
ing report:
The committee of confercnce on the flisa«reoins
votes of tho two Houses upon the bill (il. R. No. iXSU)
toprovido for an American line of mait and emigrant
steamships between New York and one or moro
European ports, have had tho same under considera-
tion, and agree to recommend to their lespcolivo
Houses us follows:
That tho House recede from their disagreements to
the second and third amendments o! tho Senate.
That the House reeedo from their disagreement to
the first, fourth, and fifth amendments with the fol-
lowing amendments, to wit:
In line twelve, page 1, ol' engrossed bill strike out
' twenty," and insert " fifteen.''
In line fourteen, page of the engrossed bill strike
'out " twenty" and insert " liltcell."
In line twenty-six, page 5, stiikcout" twenty," and
insert" fifteen."
JOHN HILL,
J. F. FAlt.NriWOltTII,
FERN AX 1)0 WOOD,
Managers on the part of the Ilouae.
ALUXANDKIt RAMSEY,
J. W. PATTERSON,
ALEXANDER G. UATTELL,
Managers on the part oj the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. I am very sorry that the
committee who had charge of this bill have
made such a report. The Senate struck out
"twenty" years and inserted "ten," and I
doubt very much whether the bill could have
passed the Senate as it originally stood, or for
fifteen years. It gives a lien upon the post-
ages of the United States for fifteen years of
time. At that time the honorable Senator from
Minnesota and myself will be in heaven or
somewhere else. In the mean time the post-
ages are mortgaged and bonds issued 011 the
faith of that mortgage. I regard it myself,
although entirely friendly to the legislation, as
very bad legislation, and I desire to put that
expression on record in regard to it.
Air. RAMSEY. My honorable friend from
California will have no brighter monument in
the future than that which he has entitled him-
self to in establishing the line from San Fran-
cisco to Yokohama and Hong Kong, and that
costs $500,000 a year for monthly trips.
Mr. CONNESS. For ten years.
Mr. RAMSEY. Yes, for ten years, hut
costing $500,000 a year. These people, for
all the mails, and carry them if you please
weekly between New York and Southampton or
Queenstown, and so on, get only about two
hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
Mr. CONFESS. How do you know?
_Mr. RAMSEY. I have it here with the
high postages at this time. Fifty-two round
trips 
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator will per-
mit me, I give way before his logic and his
persuasion. I have no further objection.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore.' The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the report of the com-
mittee of conference.
The report was concurred in.
rURCIIASB OF TERRITORY FROM RUSSIA.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I move to take
up House bill No. 1261.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to make a report
from a committee of conference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The report
of a committee of conference is a privileged
question.
Mr. SUMNER. The confercnce commit-
tee on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill known as the Alaska appropriation
bill have directed me to make the following
report:
Tho committco of conferonco on the disagreeing
votes of tho two Houses upon the bill (II. It. No.
109G) entitled "a11 act making an appropriation of
money to carry into effect tho treaty with Russia of
March oO, 18(37," having met, after full and free con-
ference have agreed to recommend, and do recom-
mend, to their respective Houses us follows:
That tho Senate recede from its first amendment
and agree to the preamble of the bill with amend-
ments, as follows: after the word "Russia," in the
fourth line, insert the following words: "and tho
Senate thereafter gave its advice and consent to said
treaty," and strike out all after tho words "United
States," in the twelfth line, and insert instead thereof
tho following words, "and whereas said stipulations
cannot be carried into full force and effect except by
legislation, to wliieh the consent of both Houses of
Congress is necessary;" and the House agree to tho
same, as amended.
And they fui ttjor recommend that the Houserecede
from itsdisagreeinent to the second and third amend-
ments of tho Senate, and agreo to tho same.
CIIAHLES SUMNER,
O. 1'. MOllTON.
J. It. DOOLIXTIiE,
Managers on the rial t vj the Senate.
N. 1'. BANKS.
W. I.0UUHJUDU12,
S. J". ltAN OAIjIJ,
Manager* on the part of the IIoune.
The report was concurred in.
REMOVAL OF CAl^KS KKOM STATU COURTS.
Mr. KRKLTNGHUYSEN. I now ask that
my bill be taken up.
The motion was agreed to 5 and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. 11. No. 12G1) amendatory
of an act entitled "An act relating to habeas
corpus and regulating judicial proceedings in
certain cases."
Mr. FBELINGHUYSEN. The Committee
on the Judiciary have reported an amendment
as a substitute for the bill. I presume it is
unnecessary to read the original bill.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment,
which was to strike out all after the enacting
clause and insert the following:
That the provisions of an act entitled "An act
relating to habeas corpus, and regulating judicial pro-
ceedings in certain cases," approved March 3,1S63,
so ftir as tho Mime relate to the removal of causcs from
tho Stato to the Federal courts, be, and tho same are
hereby, declared to extend to any suit or action at
law or prosecution,civil or criminal, which has been
or shall be commenced in any Stato courtagainstthe
owner or owner* of any ship orvessel, or of anyraii-
way, or of any line of transportation, firm, or corpo-
ration engaged in business as common earners of
goods, wares, or merchandise, for any loss or damage
which may have happened to any goods, wares, or
merchandise whatever, which shall have been deliv-
eied to any such owneror owners of any ship orves-
sel, or any railway, or of any line of transportation,
firm, or corporation, engaged in business as common
carriers, where such lo<>s or damage shall have been
occasioned by tho acts of thoso engaged in hostility
to the Government of tho United States during the
late rebellion, or whero such loss or damage shall
have been occasioned by any of the forces of the
United States, or by any officer in command of such
forces: Provided, That this actshall not be construed
to affect any contract of insurauoe for war risks
which may have been made with reference to any
goods, wares, or merchandise, which shall have been
so destroyed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This subject was very
thoroughly considered in the Committee on the
Judiciary, and when the committee was full,
the measure never had the assent of the com- '
mittee. It is now reported by a majority of j
the committee in attendance when the matter 1
■was last considered. It is known to the Senate,
I presume, that Mr. Johnson, on© of the mem-
bers of that committee, has left the Senate, and
Mr. Edmunds, another member ol the com-
mittee, is absent; and the committee consisting
of but five members, it received the assent of a
majority of that committee. I was opposed to
it, and I will state to the Senate what tins bill
is. I regard it as an important bill afiectmg
the jurisdiction of the United States courts.
I am aware that at this stage of the session,
and in the present temper of the Senate, it will
be very difficult to get attention to anything I
shall say. 1 am aware that a person who gets
the floor at this stage of the_ session is very
likely to have his bill passed, if he announces
that it comes from a committee ; and hence I
considered it to be my duty to state to the Sep-
ate that when the committee was full this bill
did not command the assent of the committee.
It proposes to confer upon the Tj nited States
courts jurisdiction never heretofore given in a
class of eases which, if it can be given, will
confer all the jurisdiction in every case thatyou
can imagine almost upon the United States
courts, and you might as well abolish all the
State tribunals. Under the provisions of the
bill as it is now proposed to pass it a corpora-
tion created in the State of Illinois or any other
State has a right to take a case into the L nited
States court when it is sued by a citizen of Illi-
nois, or in any other State, any corporation or
railroad company, or steamship company, or
other company engaged in transporting passen-
gers, incorporated by a State, when it is sued
in a State court has a right, under the provis-
ions of this bill, to take the case into the courts
of tho United States. Can any one tell me
where the authority comes from to pass such a
bill as that?
Mr. HOWE. I hope this bill, if the Sen-
ator wishes to debate it, will be allowed to go
over nntil a better opportunity can be given for
the debate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will say to my friend
from Wisconsin that I do not wish to debate
it; 1 do not wish to delay it. I shall probably
not occupy more than live or ten minutes. It
is a bill of so important a character that, in
my judgment, it should be understood by the
Senate before it is permitted to become a law ;
and when I have stated what the bill is. if I
can get the attention of the Senate for live or
ten minutes, if they think proper to pass it I
have no more to say about it.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Xew Jer-
sey will have to reply.
Mr. FRELINGHUY'SEN. I shall have to
correct the statements the Senator from Illi-
nois makes.
Mr. HOWE. I hope the Senator from Illi-
nois will allow this bill to be postponed, and
let us proceed to the business of the evening.
Mr. CONKHNG. Let us dispose ot this
first.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If the bill is such as the
Senator from Illinois represents it to be, it can-
not pass without opposition.
Mr. FBELINGHUYSEN. I do not think
there will be any opposition to the bill when
it is understood. As to its not passing the
committee, there was a majority of the com-
mittee opposed to the original bill, and a ma-
jority of the committee in favor oi'tin's amend-
ment which is repoited. A  to the eiiVct of
the bill, it is simply this—I can stale it in one
minute—that where the defense of an indiwd-
ual. or of a corporation is that the property
winch they were transporting was destroyed
by reason of the war. in that case the question
of the etlect of the war may be taken from the
State courts to the Federal courts, which is i,i
strict compliance with the provision of tU<-
Constitution of the United States: ami that is
the whole ease
Mr. TllUMBCLL. Well. Mr. President,
let us see if that is the whole ca,e. Tho Sen-
ator has made his statement. Now we v.iil
read the bill. The Senator has stated what I
was not aware of. I reiterate the statement,
