2356
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
May 4,
he shall not be at liberty to proceed, ill case any mem-
ber object, without leave of the House, and if the
ease require it, he shall be liable to tiie censure of the
House."
The SPEAKER. The Chair has had this
rule read for the information of the House to
show, what is familiar to many members, that
when the Speaker declares words uttered in de-
bate by a member to be unparliamentary and
disorderly, if no other member objects to the
member going on, the responsibility for debate
proceeding in that line is upon the House.
The rules do not clothe the Speaker with arbi-
trary power. They clothe him with power to
stop a member in the midst of a speech, if he
regards the remarks aspersonal and disorderly ;
and then, if any member objects, the member
who has transgressed the rules cannot proceed
except by the leave of the House. 'Die Chair
speaks of this now because he does not know
■what personal remarks gentlemen may propose
to make to-day.
Mr. SPALDING. Will it be in order, with
the permission of the gentleman from Minne-
sota, [Mr. Wisdom,] to offer a substitute for
the resolution ?
The SPEAKER.. It will be, if the gentle-
man from Minnesota, [Mr. Wi>tt)OM,] who holds
the floor, yields for that purpose.
Mr. WINDOM. I do not yield at present.
Several Members. Let the amendment be
read for information.
Mr. WJNDOM. I have no objection to
allowing the amendment to be read for inform-
ation.
Mr. SPALDING. I will say before the Clerk
" reads the amendment that I present it with the
best feelings toward both the gentlemen con-
cerned and toward the House. When a proper
opportunity arises I will speak upon the prop-
osition.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas the debates in this House of Saturday, the
2d instant, arising upon the personal explanation of
the member from Minnesota, [Mr. Donnelly. I and
joined in by the member from Illinois, [Mr. Wash-
BtrBNE,] are filled with porsonal invective of so gross
a nature as to be highly prejudicial to tho character
of this body for dignity and decorum; and whereas
the House was itself in fault in not checking such
disorderly debate in its progress, especially as tho
honorable Speaker did repeatedly interveno in that
behalf; Therefore.
Jtesolved, That it is the pleasure of this Houso that
no part of said proeeoclinss be published in tbe
Congressional Globe.
Mr. WINDOM. I cannot yield for that
proposition. It would be utterly impossible to
carry it out, as the Globe is already printed.
Mr. SPALDING. This refers to the Con-
gressional Globe, not the Daily Globe.
Mr. WINDOM. Mr. Speaker, I do not desire
to interfere in this matter, and I shall make no
speech on the subject. My reason for changing
my resolution from one of censure upon the
gentleman from Illinois to one of investigation
of the charges made by that gentleman against
the character of my colleague is that I believe
one or tho other of these gentlemen (I shall
not now attempt to decide which) is not entitled
to a seat on this floor. Certainly if my colleague
is as guilty, or one hundredth part as guilty, as
is charged here he should be expelled as early
as possible. On the other hand, if the gentle-
man from Illinois fails to make proof of the
charges he has made—and I believe that my
colleague on Saturday proved to the satisfac-
tion of every man in this House, excepting, it
may be, the gentleman from Illinois, that those
charges are not true—if he fails to make proof
of those charges, I say that he should be ex-
pelled from this House for slander. I am in
favor of going to the root of this matter. I
have no feeling upon this subject; but I desire
that this House, when such charges as these
are made, shall thoroughly investigate them.
In conclusion, I desire to say, Mr. Speaker,
that I would not, under any consideration,
accept the position of chairman of this com-
mittee, if it shall be appointed, because being
from the same State it might be charged that!
had some prejudice in favor of my colleague.
1 therefore desire that some other member shall
be placed in that position.
I now yield to my colleague for a single mo-
ment.
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. Speaker, I have
requested my colleague to present this resolu-
tion demanding an investigation into the truth
or falsehood of tho charges^ made by the gen-
tleman from Illinois. I believe, Mr. Speaker,
that I can conclusively demonstrate that there
is no shadow of truth in any of those charges ;
and I want it to go to the country that if I am
apparently placed here in the position of a
defendant it is at nay own request, and that I
challenge investigation into my whole life and
character.-
One wordfurthor. I recognize, Mr. Speaker,
the force and justice of the resolution offered
by my distinguished friend from Ohio, [Mr.
Si'AMitSG. ] I am aware, sir, that in that de-
bate I transcended the rules of parliamentary
discussion ; and in so far as I offended against
the sense of propriety of the Speaker or of the
House I would make this my humble apology
to the Speaker and to the House. And I would
ask this House to remember tlie provocation
under which 1 spoke—not the ordinary provo-
cation to which men are sometimes subjected
here, but provocation reaching right down to
the life of my character—provocation based
upon a wholesale charge of crimes. I would,
however, ask the House to remember that even
in the heat of passion, and in the vehemence of
debate, I made no assault of that nature on the
gentleman from Illinois. If tho House will
turn to the record of that debate they will find
that what I said touched only his pnblic char-
acter and his characteristics as exhibited here
upon this floor. I made no assault upon his
hrmesty, upon his integrity, upon his private
character. I ask this tact to be remembered
when the House forms its judgment upon my
remarks.
I conclude, therefore, as I began, by saying
that I demand investigation, 1 challenge in-
vestigation, and I shall ask, if these terrible
and sweeping charges arc not sustained before
that committee by the gentleman from Illinois,
that the full measure of the law shall be applied
to him by this body.
Mr. WINDOM. I wish to add further, that,
with the consent of the Speaker, I do not desire
to be placed on tho committee at all, either as
chairman or otherwise, if one shall be raised.
I call the previous question.
Mr. SPALD1N G. Will the gentleman allow
me to say a word ?
Mr. WINDOM. I yield to the gentleman
for a moment.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Speaker, I regret I
was not in lhe House on Saturday evening, for
T think I should have interrupted some of this
debate, which has so bad an aspect that it ought
not to be permitted to go upon the lasting records
of this House. But, sir, 1 was not liere. Mem-
bers who were here saw lit not to interfere,
although I read in the report that the Speaker
discharged his duty amply. I can only say that
I regret the occurrence, for I have for both the
gentlemen interested the highest respect, and
if the gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Don-
nelly] had come into the House as he has
come to-day, submitted his letters with his ex-
planations, leaving out the vilification and
abuse, and called for a committee, I should
have had no hesitation in according it to him,
because I thought that letter a very hard one—a
very hard one. But if the gentleman sought
for vengeance he has had it already fourfold ;
for, sir, as much as I have heard about Billings-
gate and iish-market abuse, never could I find
in either anything to compare with the language
used on this floor.
Mr. WINDOM. I call the gentleman to
order, and ask that his words be taken down.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SPALDING. Being stopped by a call
to order, I yield the floor.
Mr. DONNELLY. I would ask my col-
league to withdraw the point of order, and
then I will ask the gentleman from Ohio to
yield to me for a mqment.
Mr. WJNPOM. There ran hp very little.
doubt that the gentleman's words were out of
order, but I withdraw the point and the demand
that they he taken down.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I renew the demand.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the de-
mand .comes too late, and for the reason that
the gentleman from Ohio stated that he had
concluded his remarks while the other point
was pending. It was then withdrawn by the
gentleman from Minnesota, who alone had the
right, having the point in his possession, it
having been made by himself.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I simply wanted to know
what the rule of order is, for I stood ready to
renew the demand at any time.
Mr. DONNELLY. Will the gentleman
from Ohio yield to me for a moment ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's col-
league now has the floor.
Mr. WINDOM. I yield to my colleague.
Mr. DONNELLY. I would say that the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] has mis-
interpreted my motives. ^1 have no desire for
vengeance. I have askea for this committee
of investigation because, after I produced what
I believe to be the ample proofs of the falsity
of the charges made against me, the gentleman
from Illinois rose and reiterated them here.
I am willing to concede that he may possi-
bly have spoken under the influence of intense
excitement and heat. I can scarcely think he
Ttneant what he said in those concluding remarks.
I have no desire for vengeance upon him, but
my character is at stake, my reputation is in-
volved. If the gentleman can stand up here
and say in the face of this country that he re-
tracts those charges, I ask that this matter go
no further. But the House can readily per-
ceive that when I am charged here with crimes
I must follow it up. That is precisely my
position.
Mr. WINDOM. I now yield for a moment
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes.]
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I was present
on Saturday and listened to the remarks that
were made by the gentleman from Minnesota
and the reply by the gentleman from Illinois.
I take my full share of the odium which those
remarks justly cast upon this body. It was
my duty, which I failed to perform, to have
striven, as well as I might, to interrupt and
put a stop to them. I have nothing to say in
my own justification for having sat here and
listened to remarks of the character of which
no man can find a parallel in the debates of
the Congress of the United States from their
beginning. Certainly in the time that I have
been a member of this House I have never
heard anything that compared with those re-
marks, both in their personal character and in
the degrading and offensive language used on
that occasion.
Mr. WINDOM. I call the gentleman to
order, and ask that the words he has just ut-
tered shall be taken down.
The SPEAKER. They will be taken down
and read by the Clerk.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to know upon
what meat my friend from Minnesota [Mr.
Wixdom] has fed 
Mr. WINDOM.^ The gentleman is not in
order. [ called him to order, and I make a
second point of order that his remarks do not
relate to the resolution now under considera-
tion.
I he Clerk read the words objected to. as
follows :
, ^'pr!Tl-'nV; in tho time that I hare been a mem-
ber ot tills llouse I have never heard anything t'iut
compared with those remarks, both in their personal
character and m the degrading and oileasire Ian-
guage used on that occasion."
lhe bPEiAKER. Those words, as the House
wiii see, admit of two constructions. The tir&t
is that the remarks of the gentleman fiom
Minnesota [Mr. Doxxklly] were degrading to
himself; and secondly, that they were degrad-
ing to the gentleman at whom they were turned,
to the gentleman from Illinois/ [Mr, Wash-
burxe. ] The Chair thinks unquestionably that
tbe speerh of tho gentleman irom Minnesota,
