m
SUPPLEMENT TO
believed the tenure-of-office act was void the
respondeat, in his capacity as President, formed
the opinion that Stanton's case was in fact by
the first section ; that notwithstanding respond-
ent's opinion on that subject, he was anxious
that Stanton's removal should be acquiesced
in by the Senate or that the question should be
judicially determined; that the right of sus-
pension is provided for by the tenure-of-office
law in the second section, and that Mr. Stanton
was not suspended until the next meeting or
action of the Senate, but indefinitely and at
the President's pleasure; that a vacancy thus,
existing General Thomas was appointed ad
interim uuder the act of 13th February, 1795 ;
that the purpose to obtain a judicial decision
was made known at or near the date of this
order ; that, not intending to abandon his rights
as President, butanxious to avoid any question,
the respondent did send his message to the
Senate on the 12th of December, 1867; that
his hopes not being realized, the respondent,
in order to raise the question for judicial de-
cision, and to that end only, issued the order
removing Stanton and appointing Thomas ad
interim on the 21st of February, 1808. There
is besides an answer to each specific allegation.
Now, Senators, allow me to present one
thought before entering upon the consideration
of this first article, which, as I conceive, is
applicable to all the articles; indeed, much
of what wo have to say upon the first article
applies to all the other articles, audit involves
to some extent a necessary repetition to con-
sider them in detail, but 1 shall endeavor, as
far as I can possibly do so, to avoid such rep-
etition.
All the articles of impeachment, or nearly
all of them, charge a removal. One of the
Managers spoke a good deal, and very much
to the purpose, upon the subject of technical
law,^ I did not understand the gentleman as
making any objection to it. He regarded it as
a proper means of enforcing the rights of par-
ties and as a legitimate portion of legal science.
Well, although 1 know that technical rules are
not to be observed in this Senate, if you fol-
low the precedents of trials of impeachment
which we have already had in the United
States, and especially if you follow the decis-
ions in the British Parliament, yet there ought
to be something at least substantial in the arti-
cles that are preferred against a man. Now,
what is it thai is provided for by the civil-ten-
ure bill? Before I come to consider that bill
at all in its details, let me ask what is provided
for there? It is the removal of a person ; and
that is the thing which is charged in each one
of what! may, for want of a better word, call
the counts of this indictment, each one of the
articles that is preferred hero. Senators, if
you (ollow the law and the rules of law that
have been adopted in other cases, if at any
rate you look to them as being a guide to some
extent, although not binding and obligatory to
all intents and purposes as judicial decisions,
what is a familiar rule of law? There is not
a judge or a lawyer in this Senate who does
not know that in every law-book which has
been written in two hundred years a distinction
is taken between a crime and an attempt to
commit a crime. The distinction is just as
broad and as wide as Pennsylvania avenue.
According to statutory regulations almost
everywhere, and even according to the common
law, murder is one thing, an attempt to com-
mit murder is another and a different thing.
Burglary is one tiling; an attempt to commit
that olfense is another and a different thing.
Now, I ask, and I ask in all earnestness, of
this Senate as lawyers and judges, when these
articles of impeachment charge the President
with the removal of Mr. Stanton is it not a
solecism in language that they should ask
this Senate on their oaths to say that the Pres- j
ident of the United States is guilty of a viola- |
tion of the civil-tenure bill, or guilty of either I
of I he offenses that are charged here ? That i
there was an attempt to remove there is no j
sort of question ; but if the doctrine contended |
for by the learned Managers be the true doc- 1
trine, if this eivil-tenurebillbe a constitutional
law, as they insist it is, if the President has no
power to remove except on the advice and con-
sent of the Senate of the United States, then,
Senators, I ask you how is it that he can be
found guilty of removing Mr. Stanton from
office, taking the premises of the honorable
gentlemen to be correct, when there was no
removal at all? If their doctrine be the true
doctrine, there was no removal from office at
all; you do not bring it within the civil-tenure
bill unless you have a case of removal, and even
under the civil-tenure bill it is not a ease of
removal; but if either construction be the true
one it is a case of an attempt to remove a per-
son from office; so that it seems to me it is
utterly impossible for the honorable Managers
to escape the dilemma in which the nature of
their accusation places them.
Upon the first article, Mr. Chief Justice and
Senators, 1 desiro to maintain briefly three
propositions.
First. That the tenure-of-office bill is uncon-
stitutional and void. Gentlemen have intimated
a doubt whether the Senate ought to hear any
argument upon that subject, but for the reasons
indicated yesterday that a court at 'nisi prius
would hear an argument on a rule for a new trial,
or that a chancery court will allow a bill of
review on a petition for a rehearing, while I
do not intend to argue the question at any
great length, I respectfully ask the Senate to
hear what we have to say on this subject, as it
is material and important to our defense.
Second. That if the eivil-teuure bill is not
constitutional, it does not embrace such a ease
as the removal of Mr. Stanton.
Third. That if both these propositions are
erroneous, the President acted from laudable
and honest motives, and is not, therefore, guilty
of any crime or misdemeanor.
Upon the first proposition as to the unconsti-
tutionality of the civil-tenure act, as it has not
been done already in behalf of the President
ofthe United States, I feel myself constrained
to remind you of certain things which occurred
in the debate of 1789. Although I know they
arc familiar probably to every Senator 1 ad-
dress, yet I regard these things as material and
important to our defense, and at the expense
of telling " a thrice-told tale," and of weary-
ing the patience of the honorable Senate, I
must ask the privilege of presenting as briefly
as 1 can the views which I entertain upon that
subjcct.
In the House debate which occurred on fhe
l(ilh of June, 3 7811, on the bill to establish the
Department of Foreign Affairs, Mr. White
moved to strike out the words " to be remova-
ble from office by the President of the United
States." He advocated this because the Sen-
ate had the joint power of appointment. His
views were sustained, as you recollect, in that
argument by Messrs. Smith of South Carolina,
Huntington, White, Sherman, Page, Jackson,
Gerry, and Livermore, and were opposed by
Messrs. Viuing, Madison, Boudinot, and Ames,
as is seen in Gales & Seaton's Debates in
Congress, old series, volume one, page 473 to
508. Mr. Madison said in that debate :
" It is evidently the intention of the Constitution
that the tlrst magistrate should be responsible for the
executive department; so fur, therefore, as we do
not make the officers who arc to aid him intheduties
of that department responsible to him, he is not re-
sponsible to his country."
He placed the discussion mainly on the con-
stitutional provision that—
" The executive power shiill be vested in the Presi-
dent."— Ibid., -kSl.
Mr. Sedgwick said:
"If expediency is at all to be considered, gentle-
men will perceiv'e that this man is as much an instru-
ment in the hands of the President as the pen is the
instrument of the Secretary in corresponding with
foreign _ courts. If, then, tiie Secretary of Foreign
Affairs is the mere instrument of the President, one
would suppose, on the principle of expediency, this
officer should be dependent upon him. It would
seem incongruous and absurd that an officer, who,
in the reason and nature of things, is dependent on
hisprincipal and appointed merely to execute such
businessasiseommitted to the ehargeof his superior,
(for the business, I contend, is committed solely to
his charge) 1 say it would be absurd, in the highest
degree, to continue such person in office contrary to
the will of the President, who is responsible that the
business be conducted with propriety and for the gen-
eral interests of the nation."—1 Debates in Congress,
old series, 542.
In that same debate Mr. Sedgwick seems to
have anticipated just such a state of affairs as
existed between the President and Mr. Stan-
ton. A part of Mr. Sedgwick's remarks is
copied in one of the President's messages to
Congress ; but I desire to read the whole par-
agraph from which the President in his message
took the extract that was submitted to Con-
gress. He discussed the subject in an admir-
able and unanswerable manner. And when
you keep it in mind, as has been, I believe,
already stated in argument, that this debate
was had soon after the adoption of the Consti-
tution, that several gentlemen who had partici-
pated in the formation of the Constitution were
members of Congress, and among them Mr.
Madison, one of the ablest writers who ever
wrote upon that subject, not even excepting
Alexander Hamilton himself; when you take
it into consideration that this discussion was at
that early period and by persons who were con-
cerned in the formation of the Constitution
itself, the opinions which they expressed are
deserving of the very highest consideration.
And if there be anything in the doctrine of the
law which is applied to every other case ; if
there be anything in the idea that when a de-
cision upon a legal question is once made that
decision should stand; if there be anything in
the doctrine of stare decisis, then, Senators, I
maintain that an opinion which so far as I know
anything of our history as a Government has
never been seriously controverted at any time
except during the administration of Jackson,
and the decision of which at that time was in
favor of the view that we entertain now, is to
be considered as entitled to respect. If an
opinion that was acquiesced in for nearly eighty
years is not an authority to a man for doing an
act, then I can conceive of nothing that is suf-
ficient authority.
If, according to the English law, a man would
be protected in an action as to real property
by sixty years' possession, if according to the
statute law of the State in which I reside seven
years' adverse possession under a color of title
would give him an absolute title to his tract
of land, if thene healing statutes which have
been passed from time to time, both in Eng-
land and in our own country, and which are
intptided for the repose of society to secure
titles to property, are administered everyday,
as they are, I presume, in all the courts of the
United States, why may we not argue, and
argue with propriety before the American Sen-
ate, that when a question was settled eighty
years ago, and when the decision was never
controverted until the present time except on
the occasion to which I have referred, the con-
clusion at which Congress then arrived is upon
principle binding and obligatory upon this
Senate, and that, you should follow it upon the
same principle that the judges are in the habit
of following judicial determinations in regard
to the rights of property that have been long
acquiesced in and have become rules of law.
If Mr. Sedgwick had been a prophet, if he
had been Daniel, or Isaiah, or Jeremiah, or
any one of the old prophets, and had under-
taken to describe the difference between the
President of the United States and Mr. Stan-
ton, he could not have done it better than he
has done in the language which I am about to
read to you:
"The President is made responsible, and shall he
not judge ot the talents, ability, and integrity of his
instruments? Will you depend on a man who has
imposed upon tile President and continue him in
oflicc when he is evidently disqualified unless he can
be removed by impeachment? If this idea should
prevail—which God forbid—what would bo the re-
sult? Suppose, even, that he should be removable
by and with the advice and consent ot the Senate,
what a wretched situation might not our public
councils be involved in ? Suppose the President has
a Secretary in whom he discovers a great degree of
ignorance, or a_ total incapacity to conduct the busi-
ness he has assigned him; suppose him inimical to the
President''—
There Mr. Stanton looms right up and he is
