THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the very man that this political prophet had in
his mind when he was making this argument
befoie the House of Representatives:
"Or suppose any of the great variety of oases which
would bo good cause for removal, and impress the
propriety of such a measure strongly on the mind
of the President, without any other evidence than what
exists in his own ideas from a contemplation of the
man s conduct and character, day by day, what, let
me ask, is to be tho conscquence if the Senate arc to
be applied to? If they are to-do anything in this
business, I presume tlioy are to deliberate, because
they arc to adviso aad consent. If they arc to delib-
erate, you put them between the oj?icer and the Presi-
dent"—
Just as the Managers of the impeachment
and the impeachment itself are attempting to
do in this case:
"They are, then, to inquire into the causes of re-
moval; the President must produce his testimony.
How is the question to bo investigated? Because, I
presume, there must be some rational rule for con-
ducting this business? Is the President to be sworn
to declare the whole truth and to bring forward facts;
or are they to admit suspicion as testimony; or, is
the word of the President to be taken at all events ?
It so, this cheek is not of the least cfficacy in nature."
And then Mr. Sedgwick goes on with this
paragraph, which is quoted in the message to
which I have referred :
"But, if proof be necessary, what is then the con-
sequence? Why, in nine cases out of ten, where tho
case is very clear to tho mind of the President that
the man ought to bo removed, tho effect cannot be
produced, bocause it is absolutely impossible to pro-
duce the necessary evidence. Are the Senate to pro-
ceed without evidence? Some gentlemen contend
not. Then the objectwill bo lost. Shall a man, under
these circumstances, be saddled upon the President,
who has been appointed for no other purpose but to
aid tho President in performing ccrtain duties? Shall
he bo continued, I ask again, against the will of
the President? If he is, where is tile responsibility?
Arc you to look for it in tho President, who has no
control over the officer, no power to remove him if
ho acts unfeelingly or unfaithfully? Without you
make him responsible, you weaken and destroy the
strength and beauty of your system. What is to be
done in cases which can only be known from a long
acquaintance with the conduct of an officer?"
Never did more sensible remarks proceed
from the lips of mortal man than the observa-
tions which [ have read in your hearing, Sen-
ators, and which are just as descriptive as it
is possible for language to be of the circum-
stances under which the removal of Mr. Stan-
ton occurred. This is extracted from the same
authority, 1 Debates in Congress, old series,
page 54o.
Now, I ask your special attention to the next
step. Mr. Benson, of New York, moved to
amend by inserting in place of the words " to
be removable from office by the President of
tho United States'' the words "that the chief
clerk, whenever the said principal officer shall
be removed from office by the President of tho
United Stales, as in any other case of vacancy,
shall, during such vacancy, have the custody
and charge of all records, books, and papers."
This was carried by a vote 'of yeas ISO, nays
18. (1 Debates, old series, G01, 602, 003.)
Mr. Benson now moved tpage 001) to strike
out of the first clause the words "to be re-
movable by the President;" which was car-
ried—yeas 31, nays 10.
The honorable Manager who opened the
cause made an argument, as 1 remember—1
shall not take time to turn to it—that this dc- j
bate occurred in Committee of the Whole, and |
that what transpired in the House is not shown j
in any report of the debates. If that be so, ;
does it in the slightest degree affect the force '
and validity of the argument itself? Is it not ;
to be presumed that the very same men who '
had adopted this piinciple in Committee of the
Whole would, when they came to act in the
House proper, vote under the same views which <
they had expressed in committee? I
Mr. Benson said that his objection to the j
clause arose from an idea that the power of •
removal by the President hereafter might ap- !
pear to be exercised by a legislative grant only,
and consequently be subjected to legislative j
instability, when he was well satisfied in his j
own mind it was fixed by a fair legislative con- i
struetion of the Constitution. (Ibid., CO;!.) :
Mr. Madison's reasons for sustaining tho
motion to strike out were, "First, altering the j
mode of expression tends to give satisfaction ,|
to those gentlemen who think it not an object n
of legislative discretion; and second, because
the amendment already agreed to fully con-
tains the sense of this House upon the doc-
trine of the Constitution, and therefore the
words are unnecessary as they stand here."
Now, indulge me, if you please, while I call
your attention and refresh your recollection
by the remarks of Chancellor Kent upon this
general subject. lie quotes the following words
from the act creating the Treasury Depart-
ment: "That whenever the Secretary shall
be removed from office by the President of
the United States, or in any other case of
vacancy," &c., and says, "This amounted to
a legislative construction," &c., as cjuoted by
the President in his message; and Kent con-
tinues :
"This question has never been mado tho subject
of judicial discussion, and tho construction given to
the Constitution in 1789 has continued to rest on this
loose, incidental, declaratory opinion of Congress
and the sense and practice of tho Govormnent since
that time."
You see, from these remarks, that Chancel-
lor Kent, if the question had been presented
to him as an original question, if he had been
called upon to determine it as a judge, would
have said that he thought this construction
rested on ground altogether too loose to justify
him as a judge in giving that opinion ; but
what does he say as to the effect of the settle-
ment thus made ? He says:
"It may now be considered as firraly and definitely
settled, and there is good sense and practical utility
in the construction."—Kent's Commentaries, p. 310.
Part of this is quoted by the President, part
of it is not; but I read you the whole para-
graph. Judge Story, in his Commentaries, vol-
ume three, section fifteen hundred and thirty-
seven, says:
" The public,however, acquiesced in this decision;
and it continues, perhaps, the most cxtraordinaiy
case in the history of the Government of a power
conferred by implication on the l^xceutivc by the
assent of a bare majority ol Congress, which has not
been questioned on many other occasions."
That much is enacted in the President's
message. But what does Judge Story say fur-
ther in tho same connection and m the same
paragraph ?
"Even the most jealous advocates of State rights
seem to have siumbei ed o\ er this vast reach of au-
thority, and have letc it untouched as tho neutral
ground of controversy, in which they desired to reap
no harvest, and irom which they retired without
leaving any protestations of title or contest."
It will thus be seen that although the Fed-
eralist opposed the power of removal, Mr.
Madison and Judge Story and Chancellor
Kent regarded it as firmly settled and estab-
lished; and now, Senators, if'anthority is worth
anything, if precedent is worth anything, if
the opinions of two of the ablest, judges we
ever had in this country are worth anything, I
maintain that it follows inevitably that the civil
tenure bill is unconstitutional, and that the
President was justified in exercising his veto
power against it.
Whether, however, that view of the case be
correct or not, there is still another view of it.
If the President were wrong ; if ho were erro-
neously advised by his Cabinet; if he came to
an improper conclusion ; if the view which was
taken by Congress on this subjcct were the j
correct view, still this argument is pertinent j
and appropriate as to the question of intention,
because, as 1 have already said, in each of
these articles an unlawful intention is chargcd
against the President of the United States ;
and upon whose opinions, 1 respectfully ask, i
could this Senate, sitting as judges, rely with |
greater confidence than upon the opinions <
of two of the most eminent, jurists that our '
country has ever produced, Kent and Story? i
They are names familiar to every judge and '
every lawyer in the United States as house- |
hold words; and not hero alone are these i
names distinguished. Far across the sea, in i
Westminster Hall, in that country from w hence ]
we borrowed our laws, the names of Kent and
Story are almost as familiar as they are in the
Chamber where his Honor presides as Chief i
J nstice of the United States. Their works are j!
quoted by British judges, by British lawyers, 11
and by text-writers, and no two names in Eng-
lish or American jurisprudence stand higher
than the names of these two distinguished cit-
izens of our country. If they are not a suffi-
cient authority to settle in the mind of the
Senate, as they probably would not be ia view
of your action hitherto on the subject, that the
law is unconstitutional, yet I ask you, Sena-
tors, if the advice of two such distinguished
men as these might not well guide the action
of tho President of the United States, and re-
lieve him from the criminality which is im-
puted to him in these articles of impeachment?
I hope you will allow me, Senators, to call
your attention to some other opinions than
these. This subject of appointments to and
removals from office has been a matter of
investigation in various forms by Attorneys
General of the United States. The learned
Manager who opened the cause was well aware
of this ; and how did he meet it? Nobody is
more astute than him in the management of a
cause. I will do him the justice to say that,
although 1 do not exactly agree with him in
his notions about decency and propriety of
speech, I have not seen a gentleman in my
life who manages a cause with more skill and
art and ability than he has managed this prose-
cution from the very commencementofit. With
that astuteness for which he has distinguished
himself in the investigation of this cause, when
he came to speak of the opinions of the At-
torney General ho made use of an observa-
tion to this effect—I shall not undertake to
quote him literally—that, after that office had
become political he did not consider it a
matter of any very great importance to quote
the opinions of its incumbents. I had a slight
suspicion—1 hope the gentleman will for-
give me if it were an erroneous one—that
possibly the authority of the Attorneys Gen-
eral might not lie just exactly the kind of au-
thority he wanted; and so, although I did not
know much about the subject, and had never
had occasion to examine the opinions of the
Attorneys General, I concludcd that I would
look into them, and I find several opinions
there to which I wish to call your attention.
Before I do this let me invite you, Senators,
to consider the provision in the Constitution
of the United States that the President may
require the opinion in writing of the principal
officer of each of the Executive Departments
upon any subject relating to the duties of their
respective offices, and to the act of September
21, 1780, which provides that the Attorney
General shall give his advice upon questions
of law when required by the President. It
may bo that I place an exaggerated construc-
tion upon this provision of the Constitution and
upon the act of 1789. It will be for you as
judges to decide how that is. I will state my
proposition before I read the section in extenso,
and I will state it in such manner as to direct
your attention to the point which I am endeav-
oring to demonstrate.
I maintain, in view of the proper construc-
tion of the act of 1780, that it is a matter of
perfect indifference whether the President of
the United States is advised by the particular
Attorney General who may belong to his Cab-
inet in reference to a particular act or not.
I maintain that the opinions deliveied by the
Attorney General are in the nature of judicial
decisions. I do not say that they are to all
intents and purposes judicial decisions; but, in
the view which 1 entertain of the act of 178!),
I insist that they should be as operative and
effectual in this high and honorable court as
a judicial decision of respectable authority
would be in the court over which your Honor
usually presides. Why do I say so? I will tell
you. Unless I have misread the Constitution
of the United States there is no provision there
declaring that the decisions of the Supreme
Court of the United States shall be final and
conclusivo and authoritative upon questions of
law. There is no such provision in the Consti-
tution ; if there is, it has escaped me. The
framers of the Constitution assumed that there
was a certain state of things at the time they
