1334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
the safe-keeping, transfer, and disbursement of the
public moneys other than those connected with the
Post Office Department are hereby required to keep
au accurate entry of each sum received and of each
payment or transfci'; and that if any one of the said
officers or of those connected with tho Post Office
Department shall eonvort to his own use, in any way
whatever, or shall use, by way of investment in any
kind of property or merchandise, or shall loan, with
or without interest, or shall deposit in any bank, or
shall exchange for other funds, except as allowed by
this act, any portion of the public moneys intrusted
to him for safe-keeping, disbursement, transfer, or
for any other purpose, every such act shall bo deemed
and adjudged to be-an embezzlement of so much of
the said moneys as shall be thus taken, converted,
invested, used, loaned, deposited, or exchanged,
which is hereby declared to bo a felony; and any
failure to pay over or to produce the public moneys
intrusted to such person shall be hold and taken to
he prima facie evidence of such embezzlemont: and
if any officer charged with the disbursements of pub-
lic moneys shall accept or receive or transmit to
tho Treasury Department, to ho allowed in hisfayor,
any receipt or voucher from a creditor of tho United
States without having paid to such creditor in such
funds as the said officer may have received for dis-
bursement, or such other funds as he may havo re-
ceived for disbursement, or such other funds as ho
may be authorized by this act to take in exchange,
the full amount specified in such receipt or voucher,
every such act shall bedeemed to be a conversion by
such officer to his own use of the amount specified in
such receipt or voucher; and any ofticcr or agent of
the United States and all persons advising or par-
ticipating in such act, being convicted thereof be-
fore any court of tho United States of competent
jurisdiction, shall bo sentenced to imprisonment for
a term of not less than six months lior moro than
ten y.cars and to a fine equal to the amount of tho
money embezzled, &c.
Now, the difficulty is this: on a ease which
has been tried in the courts, and whicli came
to the Supreme Court on a writ of error, the
Supreme Court were equally divided upon the
question as to whether a clerk, in the employ
of the person charged with the custody of the
public money, was included in the terms of
that portion of the section of tho act of 1816
which 1 have read. Therefore, in order to
avoid any difficulty of that kind in the future
or any possibility of loss to the Government, I
have presented this bill so as to include clerks
and all other persons in the employ of persons
charged wilh the custody of public moneys.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have not distinctly un-
derstood all that tho gentleman has said. I
would ask him to state in what way this bill
proposes to affect the provision of law which
he has read.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It is intended sim-
ply to settle the question as to whether a clerk
in the employ of any person charged with the
custody or disbursement of the public money
is or is not included in the provisions of that
act-
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw all objection
to the introduction of the bill.
No other objection was made.
Accordingly the bill (H. R. No. 787) to pre-
vent and puuish the unlawful use of public
money and property was introduced, and read
a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read the third time.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Upon that question
I call the previous question.
Tlie previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. PETBIIS. I yield for a moment to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Eggleston.]
appjraisement of imports.
Mr. EGGLESTON, by unanimous consent,
reported from the Committee on Commerce a
bill (II. R. No. 788) to regulate the appraise-
ment and inspection of imports in certain cases,
and for other purposes; which was read a first
and second time, ordered to be printed, and
recommitted.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bilfwas recommitted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
.7Alt, IN TUB DISTRICT.
Mr. PETERS. I yield to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Covobe.]
Mr. COVODE. I move to reconsider the
vote recommitting to the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds a bill (II. II. No.
784) to amend an act entitled " An act author-
izing the construction of a jail in and for the
District of Columbia/' approved July 25, 18G6.
lighting OF till) hall,
Mr. PETERS. I yield to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Kelsey.]
Mr. KELSEY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
JRcftoIvpd, That the Committee on Accounts be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency and expense
of causing tho gas over this Hall to be lighted by
electricity from the battery now used for lighting the
rotundo and dome. „
OFFICE 0* ADJUTANT GENERAL.
Mr. PETERS. I yield to the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Pile.]
Mr. PILE. I ask unanimous consent to in-
troduce for consideration at the present time
a bill to abolish the office of Adjutant General.
Mr. GLOSSBRENNEli. I object.
PROTECTION* Of WITNESSES, ETC.
Mr. PETERS. I yield to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. william;-:.]
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I ask
unanimous conscnt to report from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary for consideration at
the present time a bill (S. No. 000) for the
protection in certain eases of persons making
disclosures as parties, or testifying as witnesses.
The SPEAKER. The bill will bo read for
information, after which there will be an op-
portunity for any gentleman to object.
The bill, which was read, provides that no
answer or other pleading of any party, and no
discovery or evidence obtained by means of
any judicial proceeding from any party or wit-
ness in this or any foreign country, shall be
given in evidence, or in any manner used
against such party or witness, or his property
or estate, in any court of the United States, or
in any proceeding by or before any ollicer of
the'United States, in respect to any crime, or
for the enforcement of any penalty or forfeiture
by reason of any act or omission of such party
or witness. But nothing in this act is to be
construed to exempt any party or witness from
prosecution and punishment for perjury com-
mitted by him in discovering or testifying as
aforesaid.
The second section provides that this act
shall take effect from its passage, and shall
apply to all pending proceedings, as well as to
those hereafter instituted.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, this bill will speak for itself. I will
only say that it has the approbation—the unan-
imous approbation, I believe—of the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary. There are reasons of
state requiring its passage, and I trust there
will be no objection to its immediate consid-
eration.
Mr. PRUYN. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania whether he is at liberty to
disclose the reasons of state to which ho has
just referred, and also whether he will be good
enough to state what will be the operation of
the bill in reference to litigation pending be-
tween individuals?
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, it is of course well known—at least
to all professional men—that as the law now
stands—and this as well in courts of equity as
at law—no party or witness can be compelled
to answer any questions which may have a
tendency to subject him to a criminal prose-
cution or to expose him to the infliction of a
forfeiture or a penalty. The effect of this bill
is to provide that where a party answers, as ho
may decline to donnder this rule, the testimony
shall not be used against him for either of these
purposes; that is to subject him to criminal
prosecution or to penalty or forfeiture ; so that
nothing is lost, at all events, by it.
Now, I do not know there is any mystery
about this matter. I suggested there were
reasons of state for the passage of the bill. Per-
haps I may be allowed to state upon thi^ floor
there are cases pending in other countries.
There is one now pending in England, at the
instance of the Government, in reference to
the assets of tho dead confederacy, where the
testimony of parties who acted as agents of
that Government, and owning property here,
is necessary to make out the case. A bill was
filed in equity, but it was pleaded by the party
holding this relation that being a citizen of the
United States he would be subjected to for-
feiture under acts of Congress with which mem-
bers are familiar. An answer would necessa-
rily involve the disclosure of his relation to the
rebel government. On demurrer it was decided
by the vice chancellor, and afterwards by the
chancellor, that the party could not be held to
answer. This testimony is important, and this
bill is to put the party in such position that he
shall be relieved from the liability to which he
is now subject.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider tho vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
sioux indians.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of tho Interior, transmitting a com-
munication from the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, inclosing estimates of additional ap-
propriations required for various bands of
Sioux Indians of the Upper Sioux agency;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and ordered to be printed.
bosque kisdondo.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a communciation from
the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a
communication from the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs relative to the Navajo Indians
upon the Bosque Redondo reservation, New
Mexico ; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
UNITED STATES MAILS.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of _ Pennsylvania, by
unanimous consent, submitted the following
resolution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
llvtolved, That all testimony taken before the Com-
mittee on Southern ltailruads referring to contracts
for carrying mails in the South be referred to tho
Committee on Expenditures in the Post Office De-
partment.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask unanimous consent to
report back from the Committee on Public
Lands Senate bill No. 166, for the relief of the
owners of land within the United States survey
No. 3217. in the State of Missouri, and to move
that it be referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims. It was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands by mistake.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
KIGIITS OF ADOPTED CITIZENS.
Mr. MILLER, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented joint resolutions of the Legislature of
the State of Pennsylvania, instructing the Sen-
ators and requesting the Representatives from
that State in Congress to urge upon the Sec-
retary of State of the United States to demand
from England the release of persons impris-
oned upon mere suspicion of having committed
offenses, and insist upon tlie adoption of a
fixed policy in reference thereto ; which were
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs
and ordered to be printed.
