1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
which I replied, the gentleman, in the magna-
nimity of his heart 
Mr. MULLINS. I rise to a point of order.
I insist that the rule shall be enforced. The
gentleman has been three times ruled out of
order, yet he persists in the same line of dis-
cussion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Vermont that if he per-
sists in this line of remark, the point of order
having been made three times, he will be in
contempt of the rule. The gentleman from
Tennessee insists on the point of order and
will not waive it.
Mr. MULLINS. I will not.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Will the gentleman
permit me to finish the sentence?
Mr. MULLINS. Not a bit; not a bit.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WOODBRfDGE. I will merely say
that the gentleman from Illinois and myself
will never have any duel on account of what
he may say of me. [Laughter.]
_Mr. WINDOM. After a single remark I
will call the previous question. It is a matter
of no great importance to me whether the reso-
lution passes or not. If this House believe
that it is not worth investigating when a mem-
ber charges another with venality, fraud, and
corruption, of course they will vote accord-
ingly. If the House believe thatsuch charges,
coming from where they will, should be invest-
igated, without any reference to their convic-
tion as to their truth or falsity, as a matter of
course they will pass this resolution. If the
House believe, on the other hand, that the
vindication which my colleague made of him-
self on Saturday was so thorough and com-
plete that, notwithstanding the reassertion of
these charges by the gentleman from Illinois,
they have no confidence in them and do not
care about them, why then, as a matter of course,
they will vote down this resolution. I call the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr.
Speaker 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois desire the consent of the House to
speak ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection?
Mr. M UN GEN. I object.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that the rules be
suspended so as to allow the gentleman from
Illinois to speak.
Mr. ELDiilDGE. As a question of order,
I desire to inquire of the Chair whether the
House cannot reconsider the vote by which the
main question was ordered, and thereby give
the gentleman from Illinois an opportunity to
be heard ?
The SPEAKER. They can, or they can
suspend the rules, this being Monday, in regard
to any matter actually before the House at the
time.
Mr. WINDOM. Am I not entitled to the
floor after the main question has been ordered?
The SPEAKER. That rule relates to a
member reporting a resolution, a bill. This
resolution is not reported.
Mr. WINDOM. I desired to yield the floor
to the gentleman from Illinois.
The SPEAKER. The rule is that any gen-
tleman shall be entitled to the floor after the
main question is ordered upon any bill or reso-
lution reported by him.
Mr. MLTNGEN. At the suggestion of friends
I will withdraw the objection and allow the
gentleman frsm Illinois to go in.
Mr. GARFIELD. Then, of course, I with-
draw the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr.
Speaker, I thank my friend from Ohio for
withdrawing his objection, and I thank the
House for the expression of its sentiment in
favor of hearing me. I do not propose, how-
ever, to make any lengthy speech upon this
occasion.
You will bear me witness, Mr. Speaker, that
2359
although somewhat impulsive in my nature, I
am not very much in the habit of getting into
personal collisions and personal quarrels with
any man, and I never—so far as my tempera-
ment will permit me not to do it—violate the
rules of the House. I know how important it
is that those rules should be observed. I know
how important it is not only to the character
of the House, but to the character of individual
members of the House, because, if they were
confined to these rules and would not trans-
gress them, they would not perhaps bring re-
proach upon themselves.
I have never, sir, on any occasion, trans-
gressed the rules of the House even in the
slightest particular without asking the pardon
of the House for such transgression ; and if I
had transgressed them on Saturday—though
the Speaker held, I think, that I did not—but
if I had, I should have asked, what it would
have been my duty as a Representative and as
a man to ask, that I might be pardoned by the
House.
I have nothing further to say in relation to
the matter, which is, I am glad to say, if pressed
by the gentleman from Minnesota, to become a
matter of semi-judicial investigation; but as
the gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Wisdom]
declined yielding to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] who does not speak
here for me, although I am proud to number
him among my dearest friends, a man who has
served with me in this Hall longer than any
other member here, who has been associated
with me in a great deal of legislative business,
and for whom I cherish the highest regard; as
the gentleman from Minnesota declined to yield
to him, and he desired to say something upon
the subject, I now, sir, in accordance with the
rules of the House, yield the floor to him.
Mr. DAWES. I am very much obliged to
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Washburke ;]
but I could hardly take the floor under the cir-
cumstances. The gentleman from Minnesota
[Mr. Wisdom] could have yielded the floor
to me with great propriety; but he did not
do so.
Mr. WINDOM. I certainly did yield the
floor to the gentleman from Massachusetts for
a quarter of an hour.
Mr. DAWES. It is apparent that I cannot
take the floor under the present circumstanees.
While I am sincerely obliged to the gentleman
from Illinois for his consideration and regard,
I must decline the floor.
The question was upon adopting the pream-
ble and resolution submitted by Mr. Windom.
Mr. ROBINSON. I ask unanimous consent
to offer a resolution.
Mr. WINDOM. I object.
Mr. ROBINSON. I think it is in order,
even pending the previous question.
The SPEAKER. Whatever the resolution
may be it cannot now be in order, because the
previous question has been seconded and the
main question ordered upon the resolution of
the gentleman from Minnesota.
Mr. ROBINSON. I ask that my resolution
may be read.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be read except
by unanimous consent.
Mr. WINDOM. I object.
Mr. ROBINSON. Is it in order to move to
lay the pending resolution on the table ?
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
Mr. ROBINSON. Then Imake that motion,
and ask to have my resolution read, as it em-
braces the motion to lay on the table.
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay on the
table is never put in the form of a resolution,
but is simply a motion to lay on the table.
Mr. ROBINSON. Then I withdraw the
motion to lay on the table.
The question was then taken upon the pre-
ambli^and resolution offered by Mr. Windoh,
and they were adopted.
Mr. WINDOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the preamble and resolution were
adopted; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DEBATES OP SATURDAY, MAY 2.
Mr. SPALDING. I now offer the preamble 1/
and resolution which 1 had read at the Clerk's *
desk a short time since, as follows;
Whereas the debates of this House of Saturday.
?.G, {T instant, arising upon the personal explanation
of the member from Minnesota. [Mr. Donneli y 1
and joined in by the member from Illinois fMr
Washbukne,] are full of personal invective' of so
gross a nature as to be highly prejudieia.no tliechar-
acter of this body for dignity and decorum- and
whereas this House was itself in fault in not check-
ing such disorderly debate in its progress, especially
as the honorable Speaker did repeatedly intervene
m that beha.f: Therefore,
Resolved, That it is the pleasureofthis House that
no part of said proceedings be published in the Con-
gressional Globe.
Mr. WINDOM. I rise to a question of order,
and inquire of the Chair if the resolution just
read involves a question of privilege?
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that it is
privileged, and will refer to a decision made in
the Thirty-Seventh or Thirty-Eighth Congress,
when, as a privileged resolution, the House
adopted an order that anything that should be
said by a member after being called to order
by the Speaker—and members sometimes per-
sisted in remarks after being called to order,
in defiance of the rules—should not be incor-
porated in the Globe. That is the precedent
which occurs to the mind of the Speaker at
this moment, the ruling having been made bv
Mr. Speaker Orr.
Mr. HIGBY. Will the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Spaldixg] now yield for a motion to
adjourn?
Mr. SPALDING. I decline to yield for that
purpose. But I will yield to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] on condi-
tion that he shall call the previous question
when he shall have concluded his remarks.
Mr. WINDOM. I would inquire if the rul-
ing of the Chair can apply to the whole debate
of Saturday last, or does it apply alone to
those remarks to which the Speaker objected?
The SPEAKER. The subject is in the
control of the House. If the House see fit,
it may resolve that the whole of the day's pro-
ceedings shall not be incorporated in the Globe.
That is a matter not for the Chair to rule upon,
but for the House itself to decide.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. Does the Chair rule
that all the proceedings of Saturday can be
blotted out?
The SPEAKER. The Chair said nothing
at all about blotting anything out. The Chair
said he had no doubt about the power of the
House to say that the proceedings of any day
or of any hour should not be published in the
Globe. That is subject to the order of the
House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does that ruling cover
the Journal of the House?
The SPEAKER. It does not cover the
Journal of the House. And yet the Chair
would remind the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Eldridge] that upon the motion of the
Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] after
the lapse of many years, the Senate resolved
that they had the right to expunge from their
Journal the record of a portion of their pro-
ceedings.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think this House would
be very glad to expunge very much of its pro-
ceedings.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot argue
that point with the gentleman.
Mr. WINDOM. I rise to another question
of order. If the resolution of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Spaldixq] should be adopted,
what will become of the resolution of investi-
gation based upon those proceedings which
the House has just adopted?
The SPEAKER. That is not a question
for the Chair to determine, but it is one for
the House to determine. But the Chair will
state that the resolution does not propose to
suppress the proceedings as published in the
Daily Globe, for they have already been pub-
lished. This refers to the Congressional Globe,
which is not yet published. But the question
raised is one for the House to determine; it
