1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4407
JOSEPH SEGAR.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
675.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 575) for the relief of Joseph Segar was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I should like some ex-
planation of the bill. A claim of this magni-
tude, and based upon items that must be un-
certain in amount, it seems to me ought to be
determined by the Court of Claims or by some
tribunal other than a committee of the Senate.
Necessarily, our committees must act upon ex
parte affidavits or papers. It seems tu me that
a claim of this character and magnitude ought
to be sent to some other tribunal for decision.
Mr. CONICLINGf. I beg the chairman of
the committee to state, as he can in a word, no
doubt, what this claim is in substance. It
seems to be a large amount for the occupation
of land by troops, and it belongs to a very
dangerous class of claims.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from West Vir-
ginia will state more succinctly than I can the
facts in this case.
Mr. W1LLEY. The report in detail has
been lying on the tables of Senators for three
or four weeks. It gives the evidence pretty
much in detail. Mr. Segar owns a farm near
Fortress Monroe in Virginia, four hundred and
forty-seven acres. About the 24th day of May,
1861, the military authorities having landed
trooj)S at that point, and being desirous to
have a camping ground, and a place for hos-
pitals, and being without supplies, in the first
place sentamiiitary commission upon the farm
of Mr. Segar, and took in possession his mules,
his wagons, his corn, &e.,tothe value of some
six or seven thousand dollars according to
their own estimate, which was duly reported
to the Quartermaster General, and was all paid
with the exception of $1,500, and that would
have been paid but for the interposition of the
act of 1867, forbidding any further payments
to any parties living within States lately in
insurrection 5 so 1 hat in regard to $1,500 there
is no question of doubt.
The military authorities took possession of
this farm, consisting of four hundred and forty-
seven acres ; they erected camps upon it; they
erected hospitals upon it; they made it a drill-
ing ground. They took possession of it by
virtue of a military order in due form. They
turned Mr. Segar out of his comfortable home,
and he had to find quarters for himself and his
family elsewhere. He left a library, the ac-
cumulation of all his life ; he left his furniture
there, and when he returned his library was
gone and his turniture was gone. For neither
of these does he make any charge, because
they were undoubtedly the depredations of
unauthorized soldiers. But after the collapse
of the rebellion, by military orders at Rich-
mond, under command of General Terry, a
commission was appointed, who went upon the
premises, took evidence in order to ascertain
what was a fair compensation for the use and
occupation of the farm of Mr. Segar during the
time the military authorities had it in posses-
sion, and they brought in an estimate of some
twenty thousand dollars upon the evidence,
which they give in detail in their report, and a
synopsis of which is in the report of the com-
mittee in this case, which has been placed on
the desk of each member of the Senate.
There was a tract of woodlond upon that
farm. The military forces, while they occu-
pied the farm, for the purpose of supplying
themselves with > fuel cut down nearly all the
timber upon this land and used it 1'or fuel.
There was a dispute about the quantity of tim-
ber land. I directed and procured an actual
survey of the whole land, and of what was in
dispute, and leaving out the amount of timber
laud in dispute there were seventy-seven and
aquarter acres of woodland undisputed besides
four hundred and furty-seven acres of the farm.
The troops also destroyed six miles of feuce.
They destroyed all of Mr. Segar's outbuildings.
They dug up his farm by excavations here and
there. 1 will read a recapitulation of the evi-
dence which I made myself as about the short-
est abstract and statement which I could make
of the whole case. Here it is:
"In reference to quartermaster stores and com-
missary subsistence there seems clearly to be due
and unpaid a balance of $1,560."
Allow me to state here that this farm was
never for one moment within the enemy's lines ;
it was always within our lines. Allow me
further to state that it was excepted by Mr.
Lincoln's proclamation, reserved as loyal ter-
ritory :
" II. In reference to use and occupation of farm:
"The farm consisted of four hundred and forty-seven
acres, including woodland. Of this about three hun-
dred acres were under cultivation and used for pas-
turage. The annual value for use and occupation is
estimated as fol lows: 3). II. Clark, at $6,000 per year;
M. It. Muzzy, at from six to eight thousand dollars
per year; Sylvester Kelley, at from six to eight
thousand dollars per year; T. S. Tennis, at $10,000
per year.
" Colonel Thomas G. Whytall, depot quartermaster
in charge, says the fa.nu «a* of incalculable value
and importance to the Government.
"Sylvester Kciley. William Outten. It. Whiting,
Robert B. Wood, J. S. Moody, and Z. Craver say the
faim was of indispensable value to the Government.
"Herman Briggs says the farm was indispensably
necessary to the quartermaster's department, and
would have bceu veiy prolUable to the owner, and
his allowance for use and occupation should be
liberal.
"General Roberts, General Hays, Captain Adams,
Colonel Baylor, Captain Sanger, and Colonel Curiey
say that tho farm w;is indispensable to the military
operations of the Government. There is much other
testimony to the same effect."
I do not know whether Senators desire me
to read the whole recapitulation of this evi-
dence, some of which is much stronger to that
point than that which I have read 5 but I will
proceed:
"On thistestimony, and from personal inspection of
the premises, the boaid fix the monthly value of the
use and occupation of said farm at 0. making
84,800 per year, subject to some small credits which
Mr. Segar had received for rent of parts of the said
premises, and alto subject to a proper deduction for
his owrt use and occupation of the dwelling-house
after it was restored to htm.
*' Mr. Segar acknowledges that heliasieceived full
compensation fur use :md occupation of his farm
from and after April 2, i860."
The Government occupied the farm from the
24th of May, 1801, to January 1, 1867, accord-
ing to the certificate of the quartermaster:
" From 25th November, 1865, (the tiro© to which the
military commission assessed the value,) to said 2d
April, 1866, would be four months and eight days,
which, at $366 77 per month, would make the sum of,
say. 51,565.
"Rut the claimant acknowledges having received
from Freedmen'b Bureau, after the cluaing of the
military survey hereinbefore set forth, and to be
applied as a credit for use and occupation prior to
2d April, 1866, the sum of 553,760 07."
The military board referred to consisted of
the following-named officers: Charles P. Bald-
win, lieutenant colonel eleventh Maine infan-
try, president: Thomas F. Edwards, major
twenty-fourth Massachusetts infantry j and
George C. Scammou, captain eleventh Maine
infantry, recorder.
I have given a recapitulation of the damages
to the farm, but inasmuch as the committee
i allow no damages to the farm I will omit that,
j They only allow for the value of the timber :
{ " In reference to the timber destroyed :
' " Six witnesses, to wit: Kelley,Outten, Whiting,
i Wood, Moody, and Ciaver, say woodland of nearly
, one hundied acres entirely stripped.
; " Six other witnesses, to wit: General Roberts, Gen-
eral Hays, Captain Adams, Colonel Baylor, C.iptnin
I Sanger, and Colonel (Jun>, cay fencing, fuel, and
i timber, all destroyed.
"C. W. Hickman and J. C. Phillips say value of
• wood per cord on the stump in the woods was sit the
' least from two and a halt to three dollars per cord. Tne
i latter says he knows that the Freeduien's Bureau
actually paul six dollars per cord for wood in the
immediate vicinity. They also fix the area of the
, woodland at about one hundred acres, and estimate
that each aci o would have produced at least seventy-
fWe cords. But the title oi j\Jr. Spgarto a part^ of
, this woodland seems to have been in dispute. Sur-
veyorJoy, by actual survey, fixes the area belonging
■ to Mr. Se&nr, clear of dispute, at seveiuy-ioven and
: aquarter aeies.
i „ " Fixing the amount of wood at seventy-five cords
j pei acio, uhe lowest estimate of any of the it-
; in^es.) the total numbei of cords on tlio sev« nty-
j seven and a quarter acres would be five thousand
1 seven hundred and ninety-four, which, at three dol-
lars per cord, would make the sum of $17,382; but
this is subject (see General Howard s letter) to a
credit of $1,828 17, leaving balance of $15,553 83.
" The result, therefore, of the evidence as aforesaid,
is as follows:
Balance duo on quartermaster stores and commis-
sary subsistence SI,560 00
Use and occupancy of the farm to 25th No-
vember, 1865, as ascertained by military
commission, which see $20,410 10
Use and occupancy of the farm
from 25th November, 1865, to
2d April, 186S  1,565 00
21.975 10
Subject to credit of  3,766 07
Leaving balance of  18,200 03
Timber cut and used for fuel $17,382 00
Subject to credit of.  1,828 17
Leaving balance  15,553 83
$33,322 88
It is proved that every panel of the fence of the
farm was destroyed ; and since this report I
have received a certificate from the quartermas-
ter that for want of fuel it was burned as fuel.
There is evidence that it would take SI,000 a
mile to restore that fence, but estimating that
fence at half what a new fence would be worth
it would amount to $3,000, at least. This es-
timate also excludes any destruction of the
farm-house, worth probably $3,000; but put-
ting that at half the amount, $1,500, here would
be an additional sum of $4,500, for which no
allowance is made.
" Nor is any estimate made for the damage done
by digging trenches, constructing roads through it,
&c., creating pools of stagnant water, and causing a
formerly healthy location to be unhealthy."
So unhealthy that although formerly one of
the most healthy places in the country, Mr.
Segar has now taken his family away in con-
sequence of the intermittent fever. It is im-
possible for them to live there, himself being
sick and his family penniless, beggars, by what
has been taken from them, and now depending
upon the charity of their friends ; while men
are at his door waiting for the suspension of
the stay law in Virginia, formerly his enemies
and now his persecutors, ready to forclose the
mortgage and take even the soil that is left
from him. We say further in this report:
" The destruction of fences and buildings was evi-
dently the result of private trespasses and depreda-
tions by the soldiers and freedmen; and although
the losses occasioned thereby arc as great to the
claimant as if they had been lawfully authorized by
the Army the committee did not feel at liberty to
allow claims of that character."
Since that time we have received evidence
that they were taken and burned for fuel by
the quartermaster.
"After maturely considering this ease, and taking
also into consideration the abatements to which cjc
parte testimony must always be subject, tho commit-
tee are satisfied that the claimant is still entitled, at
tho lowest estimate which can be reasonably made,
to the sum of $25,000, by reason of the matters as
set forth in his petition and accompanying papers.
The committee therefore report the accompanying
bill, providing for the payment of that sum."
I have an extract from the report of the
military commission which I could read, or I
can read any amount of evidence to substanti-
fitp tb PSP "tapfc;
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to ask
tho Senator from West Virginia what this land
was worth as a farm before it was taken pos-
session of according to the rates of value in
that neighborhood and considering the charac-
ter of this property? What was it worth per
acre as it was improved then ?
Mr. WILLEY. The evidence is contra-
dictory 011 that point. It varied from one
to one hundred and fifty dollars per acre.
Allow me to state another fact in connection
with it. Colonel Segar, by permission of the
United States Government, erected what is
called the Hygeia Hotel on the public grounds
near Fortress Monroe, with the explicit under-
standing that in any military exigency it must
be taken down if the military authorities re-
quired ; and although he ami his partner had
invested m that hotel $90,000 it was taken
down, and it<is a total lo&s to him, because he
