3384
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28
>>•,
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope nay friend from
Rhode Island will not offer or insist upon tbat
amendment. This same subject was discussed
when the law was passed two years ago. and
the very large concurrence of opinions then
was that th,e most satisfactory and feasible
method was to adjust it in the way that the law
did, on the second Tuesday after the meeting
of the Legislature, which would carry it usu-
ally about ten or twelve days into the session.
It was thought just and right, as a matter of
political expediency—and 1 use the term in its
appropriate, and not in its party sense—that
members of the Legislature should have an
opportunity to consult with each other as to
the person whom they would honor by the ap-
pointment to represent their State, and there-
fore that the election ought not to be brought
on immediately on the meeting of the Legis-
lature. If you were to have it at an earlier
time, say the first Tuesday after the notice, or
the first Tuesday after the meeting, it might
sometimes happen that it would be the very
next day, or even the first Tuesday of the meet-
ing, the very day; so that the more the thing
was discussed two years ago the more it seemed
proper that the law should be left as it was left
in the statute. I know that in the State of
Rhode Island it is somewhat inconvenient, but
these elections only happen once in six years,
and where the Legislature of Rhode Island—
as I hope they may continue to do—go through
so agreeable an occupation aa tliey have re-
cently in meeting again for the purpose of
unanimously returning my friend, I ain sure it
ought to be rather a jubilee than a burden. I
hope my friend will not insist on the amend-
ment.
Mr. DIXON. I beg leave to make one addi-
tional suggestion to those 1 have already made,
and I ask the attention of the Senator from
Vermont who reported the bill. This bill,
it seems, is to provide for an omitted case,
where the law provides for an election and the
Senator-elect is supposed to have died or to
have refused to accept. It strikes me, on a
little further reflection, that although that may
be called an omitted case, it does not leave the
Legislature functus officio by any means. It
is a case in which the Congress of the United
States, having power to make rules and regu-
lations with regard to the election of Senators,
has failed to act at all. It is a case in which
no law has been passed. That, I think, on
reflection, is the situation of it. A Senator has
been elected under a law of Congress in the
supposed case. A vacancy occurs. There is
no existing law of Congress. What then? Is
the Legislature deprived of its power to elect
a Senator? It can go on and elect a Senator
under its own law and its own regulations,
Congress having failed in that case to make a
rule or regulation or altera rule or regulation.
I doubt whether Congress has the power to
deprive the Legislature of the power to act in
such a case as that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I agree to all that.
Mr. DIXON. Therefore, although I have
no objection whatever to this bill, and I do not
say that it is not proper, and that it may not be
the best way to regulate it, still I do not think
there would be an impossibility of action on
the part of the Legislature m such a case.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I agree to that entirely.
But the same reason which produced the ori-
ginal law ought to produce this completion of
it. If the different branches of the Legislature
were of different political views, they might be
unable to meet but for a regulation which this
act of Congress in 18G(i was intended to pro-
vide, to cause the representatives of the State
under the Constitution to meet and elect; and
this bill is only a completion of that. I agree
to the law that the Senator lays down.
Mr. DIXON. I understand the Senator to
say that the Legislature would not be deprived
of the power to act.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir: I say that.
Mr. HENIHtlCKS. At first I thought this
bill was nor, necessary; but there are one or
two eases that may occur, not likely to occur,
perhaps, that are not provided for in existing
laws, and as I examined the bill in the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary I could not see any
serious objection to it. There is no danger of
the Governor calling the Legislature together
to fill a vacancy which he may fill himself. I
do not think there is any danger of usurpation
in that direction. Therefore, 1 thought i;
proper to support the bill, although the occa-
sion for this legislation may not arise very
frequently.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
SENATORS FKOM ARKANSAS.
Mr. THAYER. I present the credentials
of the Senators-elect from the State of Arkan-
sas, Mr. Rice and Mr. McDonald, and ask that
they be read, and the oath of office adminis-
tered to them.
The Chief Clerk read the credentials, as
follows:
State of Arkansas, to wit:
The General Assembly of this State, assembled
under the provision ot section two of artiolo fivo of
the constitution as adopted by the convention on the
lltii day ot February, A. i). 1868, a copy of which is
hereto annexed, having on the 15th day of April, A.
1). 1868, in pursuance ot sin act of Congress entitled
''An act to regulate the times andmanncr of holding
elections for Senators in Congress," approved July
25, 1866, choson Alexander McDonald a Senator of
the United States for the term ending on the 4th day
ot Marc'}, A. J>. 1871.
Thereloro we, John N. Sarbcr, president pro tem-
pore of the Senate, and John G. Price, Speaker of
the House ot Repicsentativcs, do hereby certify the
same to the Senate of the United States.
Given under our hands this loth day of April, A.
1868- . JOHN N. SARBEit,
President pro tempore of the Senate.
JOHN G. 1\R1CE,
Speaker House o/ licpresentatives.
State of Arkansas, to wit :
The General Assembly oftheState, assembled under
the provisions of soction two of article llvcof the con-
stitution as adopted by the convention on the 11th
day of Fubi nary, A. D. 1868, a copy of which is hereto
annexed, having, on the 15th day of April, A. 1). 1868,
in pursuance of an act of Congress entitled "An act
to regulate the times and manner ot holding elec-
tions lor Senators in Congress,'' approved July
1866,chosen Benjamin 1<\ Kicc aSenatorof tho United
States tor the term ending on the 4th day ol March,
A. X). 1873.
Therefore we, John N. Sarber, President pro tem-
pore of the Senate, and John G. Price, Speaker of
the House ot Representatives, do hereby certiiy the
same to the Senate of the United States.
taiven under our hands, this 15th day of April,
A. D. 1868. JOHN N. SARBER,
President Senate pro tempore.
JOHN G. PliluE,
Speajcer House of Jiapreseatatives.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Those gen-
tlemen will advance to the desk 
Mr. DAVIS. Mr.. President, I hold in my
hand the credentials of two other gentlemen
for the same office of a prior date. I will ask
the Clerk to read them.
The PRESIDENT.pro tempore. They will
be read if there be no objection.
Mr. HOWARD. Before the reading of
those credentials I should like to understand
from the Senator from Kentucky what was the
authority under which the credentials he has
now presented were issued? Who are the
men? By whom were they selected, and when?*
Mr. DAVIS. The credentials upon their
face will show that. They have been on file
in the office of the Secretary of the Senate for
two years.
Mr. IIOWAKD. I suppose the matter rests
right here : that the two persons whose names
are mentioned in the credentials just presented
by the Senator from Kentucky are persons
elected under the Johnson Government; under
his proclamation of 1865. Is not that the case,
I will inquire of the Senator?
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the papers, if
read, will tell exactly how the fact is, and that
will prevent any discussion of the question of
their contents between the Senator and myself.
I propose that the Clerk shall read them, that
the Senate may be possessed of their contents,
and I then propose to make a motion.
Mr. HOWARD. Indubitably the fact is as
I stated, and therefore I move now to lay
those credentials presented by the Senator from-
Kentucky on the table; and I call for the
question.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
The Pll ESID E N T pro tempore. That is not
a debatable motion. The rule is that when a
paper is proposed to be read, if the reading is
objected to it can only be ordered by a vote of
the Senate; but the motion now is to lay the
paper on the table.
Mr. DAVIS. I suppose there is no motion
before the Senate except the motion to swear
in the Senators whose credentials hare been
presented by my honorable friend from Ne-
braska. I move that the credentials which he
offers and the credentials which were presented
and received by the Senate two years ago, and
which are on the files of the Senate, be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, that that
committee may report which class of Senators
are entitled to be received.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on laying the papers proposed to be read
on the table, and the motion is not debatable.
Mr. CON KLIN G. I rise to make an inquiry
of the Chair. If these papers which it is pro-
posed to lay on the table are before the Senate,
they are offered, I take it, in connection with
the other credentials or as a substitute; and I
inquire of the Chair whether, if we lay them
on the table, it carries the whole subject on the
table or not?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
cannot determine that there is any connection
between the two sets of papers. The motion,
if it prevails, will carry the papers embraced
in the motion to the table.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Ne-
braska moves that these gentlemen be sworn
in, and presents the papers on which that act
shall be grounded. The Senator from Ken-
tucky offers other papers in connection with
these ; and now the motion is to lay them on
the table. I should have some doubt, it seems
to me, if I were in the Chair, if the papers
were before the body, as I do not suppose
they are, in holding that the motion to lay on
the table could prevail without carrying the
whole subject.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator from New
York will understand tbat my motion related
only to the credentials offered by the Senator
from Kentucky, and not to the others which
have been read. Now, sir, if my motion to
lay on the table is iu order, I object to any
further debate, and ask for a vote upon it.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I rather
think we are entitled to a ruling from the
Chair, and to the opinion of the Chair, whether
the gentleman objects to it or not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from New York rose to a question of order.
That is proper, but it is not debatable.
Mr. CONKLING. I rose for that purpose,
and I beg to submit to the Chair a suggestion.
In words the motion was of course confined to
certain papers, which 1 submit are not before
the Senate, and therefore not the subject of
such a motion ; but if they are, they are before
us in connection with the credentials first pre-
sented, and I submit that the effect of the
motion would be to carry all the papers on the
table. I suggest, however, that the papers to
which the motion of the Senator from Michi-
gan applies are not before the Senate at all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is im-
possible for the Chair to determine that there
is any connection between these papers. Wre
have not heard them ; we do not know what
they relate to. The reading of them is objected
to. The Senator from Kentucky asks that
certain papers be read; that is objected to;
and we know nothing about any connection
between them and other papers.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a question of
order. A motion is made to lay certain papers
on the table. Any Senator has a right to have
them read to know how to vote 011 the ques-
tion of laying on the table. He has a right to
ask that the papers may be read so as to
inform himself what they are in order to decide
