302
SUPPLEMENT TO
Constitution in the cases submitted toitsaetion ;
and especially where it is to act ultimately and
without, appeal." If that doctrine be correct
the President of the United States had the
right to decide this question for himself, inde-
pendent of any intention or design to have a
case made and prepared for the adjudication of
the judicial tribunals of the country. But,
even if that be not correct, it certainly goes far
to explain, if not to justify, the action of the
President of the Unite.d States in the removal
of Mr. Stanton.
Although it is not precisely in connection
with this point, yet, as it may have a bearing
upon the question, I will quote a sentence from
General Jackson's Maysville road bill veto.
Of course that can be found anywhere and
everywhere in your records; but for the sake
of convenience I quote it from the Statesman's
Manual, volume two, page 726 :
"When an honest observance of constitutional
compacts cannot bo obtained from communities like
ours it need not be anticipated elsewhere; and the
cause in which there has been so much martyrdom,
and irom which so muob was expected by tho'friends
of liberty, may bo abandoned and thedegrading- truth,
that nian is unfit for self-government, admitted. And
this will be tho ease if expediency bo made a rule of
construction in interpreting theConstitution. Power
in no GovernmentcoulddcMrea bottershicUl for the
insidious advances which it is ever ready to make
upon tho checks that are designed to restrain its
action."
On page 772, iu General Jackson's veto of
the bank bill, lie said:
"If the opinion of the Supreme Court covered the
whole ground of this act, it ought not to control tho
coordinate authorities of this Government."
I want you, now, to notice these assertions,
for you will see that such great men as Jeffer-
son and Jackson went beyond the present
President of the United States in their asser-
tions, for they denied the right of the Supreme
Court even to adjudge a question:
" The Congress, the Executive, and tho court must
each lor itself be guided by its own opinion of the
Constitution. Kaoh public ollicer who taken an oath
to support tho Constitution swears that ho will sup-
port, as he understands it, and not as it is understood
by others."
I remember very well that there was a great
deal of criticism at that day about this princi-
ple asserted by General Jackson in his veto of
the bank billj but it is enough for me to show
that he assorted the power.
"It is as much tho duly of the House of Repre-
sentatives, of tho Senate, and of the Provident to
decidc upon tho constitutionality of any*bill or res-
olution which may bo presented to them for passage
or approval a,s it is ot the supreme judges when it
may oc_ bnmght before them for judicial decision,
iiie opinion of the judges has no more authority
over Congress than the opinion of Congress has over
the judges; and on that point the President is in-
dependent of both. Tho authority of the Supremo
Court must not, thorelore, be permitted to control
tho Congress or tho Executive when acting in their
legislative capacities, but to huveonlysuehinauouee
a.ci the force of their reasoning may desei ve."
That was prerogative! We have heard a
great deal ot talk here about prerogative.
That was prerogative when General Jackson
asserted that ho had tho right to construe the
Constitution of tho United States for himself,
and independent of tho judicial tribunals of the
country. If General Jackson and Mr. Jeffer-
son asserted this extraordinary power while
they were filling the executive office, how
much more may Andrew Johnson, the present
President of the United States, say, ''Here is
a question about which there is a difference of
opinion between the Congress of the United
Stales and myself; here is a question that is
distracting and dividing the country; 1 desire
to have this question settled; I do not wish to
settle it, by my own strong hand; 1 desire to
submit it to the judicial tribunals of the coun-
try ; and iu order to do that I will exercise a
power which has been exercised from the
foundation of the Government; 1 will remove
Mr. Stanton ; I will place this question in a
condition in which it can bo settled by the [
judicial tribunals of the United States: X will |
endeavor to do this; 1 will invoke the action i
of the highest judicial tribunal in the country."
Of course this idea was involved: ■' If the
Supreme Court of the United States decide this
question in favor of the view which Congress
has presented I will acquiesce in and submit
to the decision; if the Supreme Court decide
the question the other way I will persevere in
the determination to appoint some one else in
the place of an officer in my Cabinet who is
obnoxious to me." Now, I maintain, Senators,
that there was nothing wrong in this ; nothing
illegal in it.
Oh, but it is argued on the other side that
after the President of the United States has
vetoed a bill, and after it has been again passed
by two thirds of both Houses of Congress, it
is then placed in such a situation that he has
no right to put any construction upon it dif-
ferent from that which Congress has placed
upon it. I cannot see the logic of the differ-
ence between the two cases. A law, when
passed by Congress and approved by the Pres-
ident ot the United States and placed upon the
statute-book, is nothing more than a law. If
the President ot the United States exercises'
his veto power and attempts to prevent the
passage of a law, or, in other words, refuses
that assent which the Constitution empowers
him to give or to withhold, and the Congress
of the United States passes it over the veto
and it goes upon the statute-book, is it any-
thing more than a law ? Has it any greater
or niore binding force in the one case than it
has in the other? And if the President of the
United States has any power of judgment, and
especially of judgment in cases where duties
are confided to him by the Constitution and
where it is his business to act, may he not
exert in tho one case just as much as in the
other ? I cannot for the life of me see the
force of tho distinction which the learned and
honorable Managers are attempting to take in
this case.
Senators, there are questions peculiarly be-
longing to the executive department which the
President of the United States of necessity
must have the right of determining for him-
self. Specious and ingenious as the argument
of the honorable Manager yesterday was, that
there may be an implication in favor of Con-
gress as to the exercise of its powers enumer-
ated in the Constitution, and that there can be
no implication in favor of the President as to
the duties that are imposed upon him by the
same instrument, it still has no foundation in
sound reason or in any authority known to the
law. The very terra "'executive power" is,
like most of the other terms employed in the
Constitution, a technical phrase. I have shown
you how Mr. Madison understood it in the de-
bate of 1780. I have shown you what a wide
latitude of interpretation he took iu giving a
meaning to the words "executive power," and
that he hold that in virtue of those very words
the President was responsible for the action
of the Cabinet that he had called around him.
If you can get from the Constitution an
implication in any ease ; if you can derive from
the words "executive power," or from the
words "he shall take care that the laws be
faithfully executed," or from his oath, or from
any other words in the Constitution relating to
his functions, any power by implication in any
case, the doctrine of implication arises as to
all other powers that may be conferred upon
him; and 1 can see no reason why you may
not imply anything that is necessary to be done
as much in favor of the President as yon may
imply it in favor of Congress. When you take
tho Constitution of tho United States and look
to the enumerated powers, there is not one of
them that tells how any power is to be exe-
cuted. Congress may create a Navy; Con-
gress may declare war; Congress may levy
tuxes. Ii does not say how you are to create i
a Navy ; it does not say whether you are to do I
that paiticnlar act by taxation or not; it does !
not presciibe whether your vessels are to be 1
iron-clad vessels or sail vessels; it does not i
prescribe how much tonnage they shall have. |
All these and a thousand other things are 1
left to the discretion of Congress. You derive
the power which you have exercised time and
again, from the foundation of the Government,
in regard to the Army and the Navy and every
other branch of the public service, as a neces-
sary incident under the general provision of
the Constitution to do anything that may be
necessary and proper to carry any of the granted
powers into effect. Now, if this doctrine of
implication which is absolutely necessary and
essential to the legitimate and proper exercise
of the powers conferred on Congress by the
Constitution has been acquiesced in and prac-
ticed on from the foundation of the Govern-
ment by Congress, why may it not be acquiesced
in as to the President of the United States?
There is no force, as I maintain, in the distinc-
tion which the honorable Manager insists upon.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Chief Justice, I move
that the court take a recess of fifteen minutes.
. The motion was agreed to; and at the expira-
tion of the recess the Chief Justice resumed
the chair and called the Senate to order.
Mr. NELSON. Mr. Chief Justice and Sen-
ators, I have been reminded of one thing which
I should have stated to you before ; and before
I proceed further I desire to call your attention
to it. I have not had opportunity to consult the
works upon the subject, but I presume the fact
is well known to the Senate that Mr. Clay and
Mr. Webster, in tho progress of the debate
upon General Jackson's conduct in reference
to the removal of Mr. Duane and the removal
of the deposits, conceded the power of the
President to remove the Secretary, but their
opposition to his course was founded mainly
upon objections growing out of the law upon
the subject of the Treasury Department. This,
if I am correctly informed, and I believe I am,
is an additional and very strong opinion in
favor of the proposition for which I have con-
tended before you.
Upon the question on which I was address-
ing you, 1 have not only the opinion of Mr. Jef-
ferson and General Jackson, but 1 have the
high authority of Mr. Madison himself. In the
fourth volume of Madison's Works, page ;Hi),
is a letter which was written by him in 18U4.
Without reading the whole letter, I will only
read so much of it as I think is pertinent to
the question before you.
Mr. JOHNSON. Who is the letter to ? To
Mr. Coles?
Mr. NELSON. It is not stated, sir; it is
blank. It is dated 18347 and will be found on
page o49 of the fourth volume of his works.
The letter is not very long, and is as follows:
iPnAw ilft-vini? alluded to the Supreme Court
ot the united. States as a constitutional resort in
decidmffquestionsof jurisdiction between the United
States and the individual States, a few remarks may
be proper, showing the sense and degree in which
that character is more particularly ascribed to that
department of the Government.
"As the legislative, executive, and judicial depart-
ments ot the United States are coordinate, and each
equally bound to.support theConstitution, it follows
that each must, in the cxerciao of its Junctions, be
guided by the text of tho Constitution accoiding to
its own interpretation of it, and, consequently, that
m the event of irreconcileablo interpretations, tho
prevalence of the one or the other Department must
depend on tho nature of tho ease, as receiving its
linal decision from the one or the other, and passing
from that decision into effect without involving tho
functions of any other."
The argument upon the other side is that
the President of tho United States, under the
Constitution, is a mere man in buckram ; that he
has no power or authority to decide anything;
that lie can do nothing on the face of the earth
unless it is nominated in the bond ; that he
must be the passive instrument of Congress;
and that lie must be subjected to the govern-
ment and control ol the legislative department
of the^ Government. The argument which we
make is, that under the Constitution there are
living, moving, acting powers and duties vested
in and imposed upon the President of the Uni-
ted States, and that he must, of necessity, have
the right, in cases appropriately belonging to
his department of the Government, to exercise
somethinglike judicial discretion ; that he must
act upon his own authority and upon his own
construction of the Constitution: and when he
thus acts in reference to the removal of an
officer or anything else, I maintain that it is
different from the action of a private individ-
ual. A private individual, if he violates the
