1336
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
him to report the same back to the House
without amendment.
Mr. BUTLER. I now call the previous
question upon the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time j an<J being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BUTLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed 5 and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEAYE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. BARNES asked and obtained leave of
absence, for an indefinite time, for Mr. Robin-
son, on account of his illness.
IMPEACHMENT OF THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, obtained
the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires, before
proceeding further with the business of this
House, to repeat the announcement he made
early in the session to the spectators in the gal-
leries, that if there shall be any manifestation
of approbation or disapprobation among them
at the proceedings or actions of this House the
Chair will instantly order that portion of the
galleries in which that manifestation shall
occur to be cleared and the doors thereof to
be closed and locked until the House shall order
otherwise. The Chair has requested the Capi-
tol police to act as auxiliaries of the door-
keepers in preserving order, and any person
observed disobeying the order and rules of the
House will be arrested by the officers. The
Chair regrets to be compelled to make this
announcement, because ho knows that in such
a case the innocent as well as the guilty
must suffer the consequences of a disobedience
of the rules of the House. But in 110 other
way with such a large audience can order be
preserved. The Chair desires also to say to
members of the House, that if any manifesta-
tion of approbation or disapprobation or any
disobedience of the rules of the House shall
be observed on the part of any of them, the
Chair will be compelled to call the person by
name, the effect of which will be to bring the
case before the House, for such action as the
House shall adjudge to be necessary for this
contempt of its rules by a member.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I am di-
rected by the Committee on Reconstruction to
present to the House a report with an accom-
panying resolution, which I ask the Clerk to
read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Tho Committee on Recion.struction, to whom was
referred, on the 27th day of January last, the follow-
ing resolution:
"liesolved, Thattlie Committee on Reconstruction
be authorized to inquire what combinations have
been made or attempted to be made to obstruct tho
due execution of the laws; and to that end the com-
mittee have power to send for persons and papers and
to examine witnesses on oath, and report to this
House what action, if any, they may deem necessary;
and that said committee have leave to icpoit at any
time."
And to whom was also referred, on the 21st day of
February, instant, acomniumcation from Ilon.Kdwin
M. Stanton, Secretary of War, dated on said 21st day
of February, together with a copy of a letter from
Andrew Johnson, President of the United States, to
the said Edwin M. Stanton, as follows:
Executive Mansion,
"Washington, I). 0., February 21,18G8.
Sik: By virtue of the power and authority vested
in me, as President, by tho Constitution and lawn of
the United States, you are hereby removed from
office as Secretary for the Department of W;tr, and
your functions as such will terminate upon the receipt
oi'this communication.
You will transfer to Brevet Major General Loren7o
Thomas, Adjutant General of the Army, who has this
day been authorized and empowered to act as Sec-
retary of War ad interim, all records, books, papers,
and other public property now in your ou&tody and
charge.
Respectfully yours, ANDREW JOHNSON.
Hon. Edwin M. Stanton, 'Washington, D. G.
And to whom was also referred by the House of
Representatives the following resolution, namely:
" llfiolved, That Andrew Johnson, Presidentof the
United States, be impeached of high crimes and mis-
dorauinors;"
Have considered tho several subjects referred to
thom, and submit the following report:
That in addition to the papers reierred to tho com-
mittee, the committee find that the 1 resident, on the
21st day of February, 180S, signed and issued a com-
mission or letter of authority to one Lorenzo 1 nomas,
directing and authorizing said Thomas to act as bee-
retary of War ad interim, and to take possession 01
the books, records, and papers, and other public prop-
erty in the War Department, of which the following'
is a copy: „
Executivk Mansion,
Washington, February 21,1868.
Sir: Hon. Edwin M. Stanton having been this day
removed from olfico as Secretary for the Department
of War, you are hereby authorized and empowered
to act as Secretary of War ad interim, and will im-
mediately cntor upon the discharge of the duties
portaining to that oftico. Mr. Stanton has been in-
structed to transfer to you all tho records, books,
papers, and other public property now in his custody
""liespoetfilly yours, ANDREW JOHNSON.
To Brevet Major General Lorenzo Thomas, Adju-
tant (rcnerat of the United States Army, Washington,
District of Cotimbia.
Official copy respectfully furnished to Hon. Edwin
M. Stanton. TIIOMAS,
Secretary of Httr ad interim.
Upon the ovidenco collected hy tho committee,
which is herewith proseuted, and in virtue oi tho
powers with which they have boon invested by tho
House, they aro of the opinion that Andrew Johnson,
President of tho UmtedStatcs, beimpoaehed ofhigh
crimes and misdemeanors. They therefore recom-
mend to the House the adoption of tho accompany-
ing resolution. 'IllAD OKUS STE VENS,
GEORGE S. BOUTWEEL,
JOHN A. BINGHAM,
C.T.ILULliUilT).
JOHN ]?. FAUNSWORT1I,
l'\ 0. BEAMAN,
Jl. E. PAINE.
Resolution providing for tho impeachment of An-
drew Johnson, President of tho United States.
Itesofved, That Andrew Johnson, President of tho
United States, bo impeached of high crimes and
misdemeanors in oflice.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, it is not my intention in the first in-
stance to discuss this question ; and if there bo
no desire oil the other side to discuss it we aro
willing that the question should be taken upon
the knowledge which tho House already has.
Indeed, the fact of removing a man from office
while the Senate was in session without the
consent of the Senate, if there were nothing
else, is of itself, and always has been consid-
ered, a high crime and misdemeanor, and was
never before practiced. But I will not discuss
this question unless gentlemen on the other
side desire to discuss it. If they do, I shall
for the present give way to them and say what
I have to say in conclusion.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, I had hoped
to have an opportunity, at least, to submit a
minority report before we entered upon this
august proceeding of impeaching the chief
executive officer of this Government. But
after a session of the Committee 011 Reeon-'
slruction, hardly an hour in length, violating
an express rule of this House by sitting during
the session— for Utile 72 provides that 110 com-
mittee shall sit during the session of the House
without special leave—we have been^ sum-
moned upon a very partial submission ol lacts,
without any comprehension, iti reality, ot the
charges which are made against the President
of the United States, upon a new indictment,
in a new form on ce more, and in amore alarm-
ing manner than ever, in this but a partial
Congress, representing but a section of a por-
tion of the people—in my judgment not rep-
resenting the people of the United States at
all—to act as a grand jury, with a large por-
tion of that grand jury excluded from the jury-
room here; and suddenly, impromptu per-
haps, a vote is to be forced this very day—to
impeach the President of tho United States!
1 am utterly inadequate to discharge the duty
which has devolved upon me 011 this august
day, the anniversary of the birthday of tho
Father of his Country. I am utterly unable
upon this occasion cither to do my duty to tho
people or to express myself with that deep
solemnity which I feel in rising to resist this
untoward, this unholy, this unconstitutional
proceeding. Indeed, 1 know not why the ghost
of impeachment has appeared here in a new
form. Wo have attempted to lay it hitherto,
and we have successfully laid it, upon the tloor i
of this House. But. a minority of the party on
the other side, forcing its influence and its
power upon a majority of a committee of this
House, lias at last succeeded in compelling its
party to approach the House itself in a united,
and therefore in a more solemn form, and to
demand the impeachment of the President of
the United States.
Sir, we have long been in the midst of a
revolution. Long, long has our country been
agitated by the throes of that revolution. But
we are now approaching the last and the final
stage of that revolution in which, like many
revolutions that have preceded it, a legislative
power not representing the people attempts to
depose the executive power, and thus to over-
throw that constitutional branch of the Gov-
ernment.
There is nothing new in all this. There is
nothing new in what we are doing, for men
of the present but repeat the history of the
past. We are traversing over and over again
the days of Cromwell and Charles I and
Charles II, and we are traversing over and
over again the scenes of the French revolution,
baptized in blood in our introductory part,
but I trust in God never again to be baptized
by any revolutionary proceeding on the part
of this House.
The President of the United States, we have
been told on other occasions, has deserved
impeachmcut if for nothing else than that he
was an obstruction in the way of restoring
certain States to this Union; or rather, in
better phrase, an obstruction to the party which
would be, but is not yet, in full power. Sir,
we are all obstructions to that party. My
associates, I myself—we all have been and
intend to be through all time obstructions in
the way of their high-handed proceedings; and
if the President of the United States is to be
removed as an obstruction and as in the way
of the party in power it is equally within that
power, by the exercise of a tyrannical majority
on the iloor of this House, to remove every
obstruction here and to have the sole control
of the Government themselves. But I bid
them beware, and in 110 spirit of defiance, but
from love to my country and tho institutions
of my country—I solemnly bid them beware
before tliey proceed further in their revolu-
tionary steps.
Suppose you should succeed in passing your
resolution ofiinpeachmcnt; supposeyou achieve
a majority in this House and obtain all you
want in the Senate—what then? You can im-
peach the President of the United States for
the hat he wears or for the color of his coat,
if you choose, and can arraign him before the
Senate, before the judicial tribunal of the Sen-
ate, under the merest forms and pretense what-
ever. You have the power if not the right.
But I speak in behalf of those who have sworn
to support the Constitution, in behalf of my
associates here upon this lloor of this House,
in behalf of those thundering majorities whose
voices are roaring outside of this Capitol and
waiting but for a constitutional opportunity to
enter herein. And I bid you beware that in so
doing you follow every form of the Constitution
and every form of the common law, or your
impeachment will avail you nothing. "The
President is to bo tried before the Senate of
the United States through all the forms of law
whatsoever, and before you can thus reach
your final result he will be removed from your
authority by ceasing any longer to be the con-
stitutional President of the United States. If
you proceed further: if, as threatened, you sus-
pend him ; if you throw him out of office by
any other process than impeachment, I tell you
in behalf of thousands and tens of thousands
and hundreds of thousands and millions of tho
people of this country we will never, never, so
help me God! never, never submit. [Derisive
laughter 011 the Republican side of the House.]
Sir, (said Mr. Brooks, as if in reply to this
derisive laughter,) we have the physical power
of this country with us. The labor, the nidus
try, the bone, the muscle of the country are
ouid. The Democratic bone and muscle, the
