2300
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Maj 4,
is not for the Chair to reconcile resolutions
which the House may adapt.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I rise to a point
of order. By reference to page 70 of the
Digest it will be seen that it is provided by
the act of March 2, 1865, 11 that the proceed-
ings of Congress shall be published in the Daily
Globe of tne day subsequent to the day such
proceedings were had, and delivered to both
Houses at their time of meeting," &c. I sub-
mit that these proceedings having .been pub-
lished in the Globe in accordance with the
provision of the law, this House cannot, by a
resolution, obliterate the record.
Mr. SPALDING-. This resolution does not
refer to publication in the Daily Globe.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order of the gentleman from Iowa,
which he will see, however, does not affect this
resolution. The statute provides "that the
proceedings of Congress shall be published in
the Daily Globe of the day subsequent to the
day such proceedings were had, and delivered
to both Houses at their time of meeting."
That has been done; the law in this case has
been complied with and executed.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, there
is, if I am not mistaken—I have not had an
opportunity to place my hand upon the act—
a provision of law that the proceedings as they
appear in the Daily Globe shall be transferred
to the Congressional Globe; and the reason
for that is. to ray mind, very plain.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, with due re-
spect for the gentleman from Iowa, doubts
whether he can find any such provision of law.
The Clerk will read a single sentence from the
Digest, page 100.
The Clerk read as follows:
"The House may judge what are and what arc not
proceedings."
The SPEAKER. This question as to what
are and what are not proceedings is for the
House^ to determine, just as under the Consti-
tution it determines upon the qualifications and
election of members.
Mr, WILSON, of Iowa. If the question be
whether these were proceedings in the House,
then that is a different question altogether;
but I think there can be no doubt that they
were proceedings.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot argue
the point with the gentleman.
Mr. M1JNGEN. _ 1 arise to a point of order.
I object to the Chair ruling that the resolution
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] is
in order, because the Chair decided that the
gentlemen, when they were talking on Satur-
day, were out of order. The House itself gave
the gentleman from Minnesota half an hour
additional by its own action, no one objecting.
It was the action of the House by which this
was done, not the consent of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not fully
understand the point of order raised by the
gentleman; but, so far as he does understand
it, he overrules it. [Laughter. ]
Mr. MUNGrEN. I will state my point again.
The Chair ruled that the resolution of the gen-
tleman from Ohio was in order, because the
Chair had called t^e gentleman from Minne-
sota [Mr. Donnelly] to order. I object to
the ruling of the Chair, for the reason that the
House consented unanimously to give the gen-
tleman a half hour additional to go on with his >
speech. This was the action not of the Chair, j
but of the House, and the House having ruled
upon this subject it is beyond the control of
the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. When the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Mtogen] states that the Chair has
ruled that this resolution is privileged because
the Chair on Saturday called the gentleman
from Minnesota to order, the Chair must be
allowed to say that he has made no such de-
cision. He does not base his decision on any
such ground whatever, as the gentleman will
lind by reading the Globe to-morrow morn-
ing. The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] will proceed. I
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, as the House
appears to be impatient 
Mr. CARY. Will the gentleman yield to
me that I may have a resolution read?
Mr. VAN WYCIL I object to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts yielding.
Mr. DAWES. The House is impatient, and
I do not feel at liberty to detain it more than
a moment. I must therefore decline to yield.
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Minnesota
[Mr. Donnelly] has corrected his speech; he
has apologized to the House for so much of it
as violates the decorum of this body.
Mr. BENTON. I would like to ask the
gentleman whether he understands that the
gentleman from Minnesota has changed his
speech essentially?
Mr. DAWES. I do not desire to go into
that matter. I wish to call the attention of the
gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Donnelly]
to the fact that he asks this House to put into
the permanent record of its proceedings what
I propose to read to him and to the House. I
dislike, as much as his fastidious colleague docs,
to reproduce hero what his colleague thinks
was so indeccnt on Saturday that it does not
become us to have it repeated to-day; but it
is due to the House, from the gentleman from
Minnesota, afterthellouse has appointed acom-
mittee of investigation upon the charges which
the gentleman from Illinois has made against
him, that he should get up here on the floor
of the House and ask to have expunged from
its permanent record what I propose to read,
and I ask the House if the gentleman from
Minnesota treats the House as he ought to do
when he sits here silently and allows this to go
into the record ?
Mr. SPALDING. I would ask the gentle-
man if it will not become necessary for me to
offer another resolution like this if he reads
that speech on this occasion? [Laughter.] I
am afraid it will.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Ohio
understands his own duty much better than
I do.
I ask the gentleman from Minnesota to listen
while I read:
"What, if God, in a moment of enthusiasm at one
of the genl Ionian's speeches, were to pluck him to his
bottom and leave this wretched nation staggering on
in darkness to ruin ! I do not wonder that tlio gen-
t'eman's family manifest such an intense desire to
get into Congress. £ fancy the gentleman—for what
would be our loss would bo heaven's gain—X fancy
the gentleman haranguing the assembled hosts of
heaven,cherubims and the beraphims, the angels and
the archangels I How ho would sail into them 1"
Mr. SPALDING. I believe I shall have to
resume the floor. [Laughter.] I appeal to
the gentleman from Massachusetts whether he
will not defeat the whole object of my resolu-
tion by reading that? However, I will yield
further.
^Ir. BLAINE. You strike it out of Satur-
day's proceedings and put it in in Monday's t
Mr. DAWES. I appeal to the gentleman
from Minnesota whether he wants to leave that
upon the record after the House has generously,
nemine contradicente, accorded him a commit-
tee of investigation into these charges?
Mr. DONNELLY. I will say, in answer to
the gentleman from Massachusetts, that there
is in this no charge of crime, nothing affecting
the personal character of the gentleman from
Illinois. In the flight of my imagination at
that time I transported the gentleman 'to that
realm where we all hope to go, and I not only
did that, but I gave him a prominent and con-
spicuous place in that realm. [Laughter.]
I cannot see, Mr. Speaker, what there is to
offend the tasie of men in such a paragraph
as that. I can search the great records of
oratory and find a thousand such instances. I
think, Mr. Speaker, I did the gentleman from
Illinois infinite honor to transport him to
heaven. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. I will take the floor now.
[Laughter.] I will call the gentleman's atten-
tion', in the light of what he has just said, to
this passage:
"If ho lay dead to-morrow iu this Chamber, what
heart in this body would experience one sincere pang
of sorrow?"
Mr. DONNELLY. Does the gentleman
ask me for an answer? I only say 
Mr. DAWES. I do not yield to the gentle-
man now. I am reading the gentleman's speech
to him.
"How he would sail in! IIow he would rout
them
the cherubims and the seraphims, the angels
and the archangels—
"how he would rout them, horse, foot, and dra-
goons! How he would attack their motives and
fling insinuations at their honesty! And how he
would declare for economy, and urge that the wheels
of the universe must be stopped because they con-
sumed too much grease 1"
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I rise to a question
of order. It is this, that this language having
been hold to be out of ord^r, or at least not fit-
for the Globe, and not parliamentary in char-
acter, it can only be introduced here as a part
of the remarks of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, and I therefore object to his using
such language either from the paper or as his
own, though I know he would not use it as his
own.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks he prob-
ably decided on Saturday that the remarks
which the gentleman from Massachusetts is
now reading were out of order ; but no gentle-
man objected, and therefore the gentleman
from Massachusetts was allowed to proceed.
The gentleman from Iowa now makes the point
of order that these remarks are out of order,
and the Chair sustains it.
Mr. DAWES. Then, the question is whether
they were not so out of order that they ought
not to go into the Congressional Globe ? I do
not pretend to state what they are.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
remarks which are not in order cannot be
brought in and made in order by reading them
from any printed document.
_ Mr. GARFIELD. May I ask the Chair if
his decision is that it is not in order to read
the words that it is moved shall be stricken
out? My colleague moves to strike out from
the Globe certain words. I ask if it is not in
order that the words moved to be stricken out
be read ?
Mr. WINDOM. The motion is to strike
out the whole speech, and not these particular
words.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
is not correct in his statement of fact. The
resolution does not propose to strike anything
out.
Mr. GARFIELD. It proposes to strike out
the whole record.
The SPEAKER. It proposes that what
was said in the House on Saturday last shall
not be incorporated in the Congressional Globe.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I wish to know if all of
this 
Mr. DAWES. I yield to the gentleman
from Minnesota, [Mr. Donnelly. 1
Mr. DONNELLY. There is a concluding
paragraph of my remarks on Saturday last"
upon which the Chair called me to order, and.
as I think, very properly, and for which I im-
mediately apologized to the House. I acqui-
esce in the sense of propriety manifested bv
the gentleman from Massachusetts, and I shall
wk that that concluding paragraph be omitted
>rom the Congressional Globe. And I will
also say for I desire to do no unfair thin**—■
that if I publish those remarks for distribution
in pamphlet form I shall also omit that con-
cluding paragraph from them.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to ask a ques-
tion ot the Chair. I wish to know if all of this
does not run on all-fours with the eleventh
article ot impeachment?
. i^H6 is not a question to
ir Chair can respond.
\r resumed the floor.
i r. SCHENCIv. Will the gentleman allow
me one moment to direct his attention to a
particular point involved?
Mr. DAW ES. The gentleman from Minne-
sota [Mr. Donnelli] has done what I think
