1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8385
how to vote, whether to lay them on the table
or not. If Senators will allow the papers to
be read I presume I shall then rote for the
motion of the Senator from Michigan, but I
think we ought to hear the papers read. They
are brief.
Mr. POMEROY. It seems to me another
question of order might be raised, whether it
is proper to read the credentials of men who
are dead.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to know
how many questions of order are in order.
Mr. POMEROY. I had information which
satisfies me, and I think it is a matter of public
notoriety, that Mr. Jones is dead, and one of
the credentials offered by the Senator from
Kentucky relates to Mr. Jones.
Mr. SHERMAN. How do we know whether
they are the credentials of Mr. Jones or Mr.
Smith until they are read ?
Mr. POMEROY. They have been here for
two years. It is not the first time that they
have been presented to the Senate. Every
Senator has heard them read before this.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, it strikes me
that there is another question of order that
might be raised——
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. We will
decide one question at a time.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Chair indulge me in
a single suggestion ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. We will
begin at the beginning, and we will hear no
argument until this is decided. Then the Sen-
ator can appeal and argue the appeal, but not,
till the Chair has decided the queslion.
Mr. HOWE. I have not heard anything to
appeal from yet.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky offers papers and asks
that they be read to the Senate. The reading
is objected to, and a motion is made to lay
those papers on the table without knowing
what they are. That is a matter under the
control of the Senate, and the rule is that that
question is not debatable. The motion, I
suppose, is in order. The Senate may lay
papers thatit knows nothing about on the table
for aught i know, if they see fit to do it. The
Chair thinks it is in order, and the question is
upon the motion to lay on the table, and that
is not a debatable question.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before I vote on that
question I wish to know what papers they are,
and therefore I ask that they be read.
Mr. CONNESS. That is notin order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A Senator
has the right to call for the reading of the
papers before any question is putin regard to
them, and they will be read if the Senate see fit
to have them read.
Mr. STEWART. I call for the reading of
the indorsement.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In regard
to the reading of papers the rule is that if tlie
reading of any paper is called for and it is
objected to it shall be determined by the vote
of the Senate. Is there any objection to the
reading of these papers ?
Mr. CONNESS and others. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the question must be decided by
the Senate. The question is: Shall the papers
be read ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under our
rules this question must be decided without
debate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask for the yeas and
nays. I want to know whether a Senator has
a right to have a paper read before ho votes on
it. I do not know what these papers are.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 30, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Cole, Conkling, Corbett,
Cragin, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Drake, Edmunds,
Fessenden, Fowlnr, Italian, Henderson, Hendricks,
Johnson, McCreery, Morgan, Morrill of \ ermont,
Morton, Patterson of Now Hampshire, Patterson of
Tennessee, Itamsey. Itoss, Sherman. Sprague, Iruin-
bull, Van Winkle, Willcy, and Yates—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Cattail, Chandler, Conness, Ferry,
Frelinghuysen, Howard, Howe, Morrill of Maine,
Nye, Pomeroy, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton,
Wade, and 'Wilson—16.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew,Cameron,
Grimes, Norton, Saulsbury, Vickers, and Wil-
liams—8.
The PRESIDENTprotempore. Thepapers
will be read.
Mr.CONNESS. Now,Mr. President,before
the reading takes place, I desire to inquire of
the Secretary of the Senate how the papers,
having been upon the files of the Senate and
in its custody, came in the possession of the
Senator to be presented here again ? I ask that
question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let them be read first
that we may know what they are.
Mr. DAVIS. I will answer the Senator from
California.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask the question of the
Secretary first.
Mr. DAVIS. You have no right to put a
question to the Secretary. I make that point
of order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is informed that these papers were delivered to
the Senator on his application.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Chair please
repeat the statement ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I am in-
formed that the papers were delivered to the
Senator from Kentucky on his application.
Mr. CONNESS. From the files of the
Senate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I sap-
pose so.
Mr. DAVIS. That is the fact.
The PRESIDENT.pro tempore. The papers
will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Executive Office,
Little Rock, November 26,1866.
State of Arkansas, to wit :
TUoGeneial Assembly of this State, on the 21th
day of November, 1866, having, in pursuance with
the Constitution of the United States of America,
chosen John I. Jones a Senator of tho United States
to fill thcvacancyin tho senatorial tei m commencing
the 4th day of March, A. D.1865, by the presentGcn-
eral Assembly declaring the election of W. D. Snow
for that term to bo invalid and illegal:
Therefore I, Isaac Murphy, Governor of the State
of Arkansas, do hereby certify the same to the Sen-
ate ot the United States.
Given under my hand and the seal of the State of
r, . 1 Arkansas this the 26th day of November. 1866.
1L- S-J ISAAC MURPHY,
Governor of Arkansas.
Attest: ROBERT J. WHITE,
Secretary of State.
State of Arkansas, Executive Office,
Little Rock, March i, 1867.
State of Arkansas, toxoit:
The General Assembly of this State, on the 21st day
of February, 1867, having, in pursuance with tho
Constitution of the United States ot America, chosen
Augustus H. Garland aSenator of the United States
for six years, commencing on the 4th of March, 1867,
to fill the vacancy occasioned by the resignation or
non-acceptance of Andrew Huntei, who had pre-
viously been elected United StatesSenator hrun this
State lor said term :
Theretore I, Isaac Murphy, Governor of the State
of Arkansas, do hereby certify tho sarno to tho Soil-
ate of tho United States.
Given under my hand and tho seal of the State of
[L. 8.] ArkiinS!Ui tU3 4th ^^I^CMURpilY,
Governor of Arkonnas.
Attest: EGBERT J. WHITE,
Secretary of Slate,
Mr. HOWARD. I move that those two
papers lie on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the papers just read do lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. Those papers are well laid on
the table, because they were on the table at
the time tho motion was made, as the_ records
show. They were presented some time ago,
and were then received and laid on the table :
and they have been there from that time to
this. I move now, Mr. President, that the cre-
dentials just read, with the credentials offered
by the honorable Senator from Nebraska, be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The PRESIDENT joro tempore. The papers
are on the table at present.
Mr. DAVIS. I move, then, that the cre-
dentials presented by the honorable Senator
from Nebraska be referred to -the Committee
on the Judiciary for a report.. I suppose that
that motion is debatable, is it not?
The PRliSIDENTjjro tempore. It is debat-
able.
Mr. DAVIS. These papers carry evidence
in favor of two classes of claimants to seats in
the Senate. It is a general rule that the older
title is the better title. It is a rule in the
Senate prima facie. I make the motion to
refer the credentials offered by the honorable
Senator from Nebraska to the Judiciary Com-
mittee, that the committee may have the sub-
ject before them, with general power to inquire
who are the Senators from the State of Arkan-
sas according to the Constitution ; whether
those Senators be the gentlemen whose names
are expressed in the credentials offered by the
honorable Senator from Nebraska, or the gen-
tlemen whose names are expressed in the cre-
dentials which I have had read. That is an
important queslion. It is an important consti-
tutional question. It is an important question
that enters into the civil history of the country
of this day; and I make the motion with a
view to have the question in both aspects
referred to the Judiciary Committee, that that
committee may report upon the case and settle
the precedent that should arise properly on
the facts now before the Senate. I presume
that if that reference be made it will give rise
to two reports from that committee, one by the
majority and one by the minority. I have my
own definite opinion, as no doubt every Sena-
tor has his, in relation to the true rule of law
and the Constitution that governs this matter.
Upon that question I suppose there will be a
division among the committee, and,probably
there will be two reports, one by the majority
and one by the minority. The report of the
majority, no doubt, would receive the sanction
and approval of the Senate, and in conformity
to that report these gentlemen would be admit-
ted to their scats in this body; but for myself
I have no doubt that the report of the minority
of the committee would contain the true princi-
ple of the case, and the principle that ought
to rule the action of the Senate. It is not with
a view to any present action of the Senate on
that question that I make the motion, but
simply that the Committee on the Judiciary
may have the whole subject under its consider-
ation ; and if there be, as I have no doubt there
would be, diverse views in that committee on
this subject, that tho diverse views of the com-
mittee might have expression in a report made
both by the minority and the majority of the
committee, and that this double expression
of conflicting opinion might be entered upon
the archives of the Senate to be a part of the
civil history of the country in relation to this
subject to be perpetuated in the future.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Kentucky seems desirous to continue
and expand the controversy which for years
past has existed between the Executive of the
United States and the Congress of the United
States, in "respect to the right and power of
taking the initiatory steps for the reconstruc-
tion of the rebel States. On the other hand,
I desire to bring that controversy to a close as
soon as practicable, and to give the country
rest and quietude in respect to that agitating
topic.
He asks to have the credentials presented by
the honorable Senator from Nebraska referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, for, as he
says, the purpose of enabling that committee
to solve the great constitutional question which
lie presents to the Senate, and upon which he
is kind enough to inform us that his opinion
has long since been made up. Sir, the Senate
and House of Representatives, the law-making
power of the United States, long since solved
that great constitutional question. They did
so when, in the enactment of the reconstruc-
tion acts, they declared that all the govern-
ments then existing in the rebel States were in
their essence illegal governments, as estab-
lished by Mr. Johnson, and that they could be
regarded and should be regarded in no other
