1338
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
Sir, the people will understand this. They
expect party struggles and struggles for power;
they comprehend what are thelegitimate author-
ity and prerogatives of a party; but now, for
the first time in the history of our country, does
a party, in order to maintain itself in power,
without which it could not be in power, attempt
to overthrow a judicial tribunal of the country,
to overthrow the executive department, and
thereby to abolish two coordinate and compo-
nent departments of the Government, for a few
miserable offices, for the control of a few
wretched places. Here, on the anniversary of
the birthday of Washington, by a mere party
vote, you propose to impeach the President of
the United States of high crimes and misde-
meanors, upon the action of a committee after
a session of but a single hour and in a single
day, without any mature deliberation or any
necessary consultation whatever.
Go on; go on, if you choose. If I were your
trusted adviser and wished to accomplish your
overthrow I would hurry you on. A ndrew J ohn -
son has no power now as President of the Uni-
ted States. He is without authority or influ-
ence or patronage, you have so manacled
whatever influence or patronage that he has.
By your violent acts, by your unconstitutional
proceedings, by your revolutionary overthrow
of executive rights, you may succeed, if not in
reelecting him to that office, at least in immor-
talizing him on the pages of history as the
most glorious defender of liberty that ever lived
under any constitutional Government. You
may strip him of his office, but you will can-
onize him among those heroic defenders of con-
stitutional law and liberty in whose ranks it
is the highest glory of human ambition to shine.
You may sacrifice him as a President, but
long, long after the very name of President—
a free President—shall have been forgotten in
the clouds of the past his will be blazoned forth
in the foreground of the present as the Pole
star of liberty and law to be reverenced among
men.
But why is this attempted? Because itisbe-
lieved thai the northern people of this country
are now with the Democratic party; because
it is believed now, previous to a presidential
election, it is necessary so to manipulate and
control the executive and judicial depart-
ments of the Government, by the annexation
of some African states of the South, that the
so-called .Republicans of the North, in spite
of the majority of the northern people, shall
obtain control and possession of this Govern-
ment. The sacrifice of two of the three
branches of Government is deemed indispen-
sably necessary to keep the Republican party
in power.
I now ask the aitemtion of this IIouso to a
few of the acts of Congress which sustain the
President in the position which he has taken.
Prom the very foundation of this Government,
settled at an early period of our history, and
resettled over and over again, the power of
the President to remove from office has been
held inviolable, subject to much discussion,
but settled by the fathers of the Constitution,
and settled by the most enlightened and culti-
vated minds of our own era, upon a discussion
in the Senate of the United States in 18u4.
The act of Congress of 3789—and I go back
to that because it was the begining of our leg-
islation upon that subject—the second section
of that act provides:
"That there shall be in the Department an inferior
officer, to be appointed by the said principal officer,
to be employed therein as he shall deem proper, anil
to_ be called the chief clerk in the Department of
War, and who, whenever the said principal officer
shall he removed from office by the President, or m
any othercaseof vacancy,shall,duiingsuch vacancy,
have Ihe charge and custody ot uLl records, books,
and rapeiij appertaining to the said Department."
This is the first action of Congress upon
that subject.^ The act of 1702, section 2, is
more explicit still; and I read it in farther
illustration of our legislation upon tiiis sub-
ject:
j £nc^-ue ^ enacted, That in ease of the
death, a^ence iroui the seat of Government, or sick-
ness ot the Secretary of State, Secretary of the Treas-
ury, or of the Secretary of the War Department, or
of any officer of either of the said Departments whose
appointment is not in the head thereof, whereby they
cannot periorm the duties of thpiv said respective
offices, it fahall be lawful for the President of the
United States, in case he shall think it necessary, to
authorize any person or persons at his discretion to
perform the duties of the said respective offices until
a successor be appointed, or until such absence or
inability by sickness shall cease."
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] per-
mit me to ask him a question?
Mr. BROOKS. I will yield to the gentleman
for a question.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. To supply
which of the contingencies named in that act
was Mr. Thomas appointed?
Mr. BROOKS. 1 am approaching that sub-
ject.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Oh, very
well. 1 beg pardon for interrupting the gentle-
man.
Mr. BUTLER. Will the gentleman from
New York allow me to ask him a single ques-
tion ?
Mr. BROOKS. I would rather not yield
now.
The act of February lfi, 1705, provides in
its iirst section as follows:
" That in ease of vacancy iu the office of Secretary
of State, Secretary of the Treasury, or of the Secre-
tary of tho Department of War, or of any other officer
of either of the said Departments, whoso appoint-
ment is not in the head thereof, whereby they can-
not perforin the duties of their said respective offices,
it shall bo lawful for tho President of the United
States, in case ho shall think it necessaiy, to author-
ize any person or persons, at his discretion, to per-
form the duties of the said respective offices until a
successor bo appointed or such vacancy bo lilted."
This clearly justifies the President in the
course which he has pursued in this case, in
placing Adjutant General Thomas in the olliee
of the War Department as Secretary of War
ad interim; not as Secretary of War, but as
Secretary of War ad interim. By this act the
President, bad conferred upon him, beyond all
dispute, the power to till any vacancy in this
olliee, whether arising from a removal or other
cause, whether iu the session of the Senate or
during the vacation.
Now, here are three acts of Congress in the
early periods of our history, passed by the
fathers of the Republic, which not only recog-
nize the. power of removal, but authorize the
President of the United States, in ease of va-
cancy in the War Department, to appoint any
person whom he chooses, as he appointed Gen-
eral Grant, to act as Secretary of War ad in-
terim.
Iu the later period of our history, on the
20th of February, 1803, there was passed this
act:
" That in caseofthcdcath, resignation,absence from
tho scat of Grovcrumon t, or sickn cms of the head of any
Executive Depaitment ot theGovoiument, or of any
officer of either of the said Departments, whoso ap-
pointment is not in tlie head thereof, whereby they
cannot perform the duties of their respective offices,
H shall be lawful for the President, of tho United
States,in case he shall think it necessary, to author-
ize the head ot any other executive Department or
other officer in either of said Depai-tmentpwliose ap-
pointment is vested in the President, at his discre-
tion, to perform tho duties of the said respective
offices until a successor be appointed, or until such
absence or inability by sickness snail cease."
This act of 1803 does not apply to a case of
vacancy by removal. Such vacancy is to be
filled under the general power conferred by the
act of 1795, which is not repealed. The act
is cited to show the general course of legisla-
tion upon this subject.
Now, under these acts of Congress, three
of them passed in the earlier days of our Re-
public and one in our own day and era, the
President of the United Stales has exercised
a constitutional and legitimate power given him
not only by these acts of Congress, but by all
the precedents of the Government, to appoint
Adjutant General Thomas Secretary of War ad
interim.
But I am told that the act of 1867, the ten-
ure-of-olhee act, repeals prior enactments, and
binds and ties up the President of the United
States, depriving him of any power of removal
or appointment. Now, I challenge t.he gentle-
men on the other side (though it may seem
like audacity in me to challenge their astutd
legal minds)—I challenge them to show in the
act of 1867 anything that repeals these prior
acts of Congress so far as regards the office
of Secretary of War and the appointment of
Adjutant General Thomas as Secretary of War
ad interim to fill the vacancy created in the
War Department. There is no such repeal of
authority. Acknowledging, then, the tenure-
of-office act, for the purpose of the argument,
to be a constitutional law, I say there can be
no pretense that the President has violated
that act in creating a Secretary of War ad in-
terim to succeed Mr. Stanton, who was hold-
ing office only at the pleasure of the President.
1 now call the attention of the House to the
first section of the tenure-of-office act of 1867,
which gives the President authority to exercise
the power which he has exercised in this case.
The first section provides:
" That every person holding any civil office to which
lie has been appointed by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, and every person who shall
hereafter be appointed to any such office, and shall
become duly qualified to act therein, is, and shall bo.
entitled to hold such office until a successor shall
have been in like manner appointed and duly quali-
fied, except as herein otherwise provided: Provided,
That the Secretaries of State, of tho Treasury, of
War, of the Navy, and of the Interior, the Postmaster
General, and the Attorney General, shall hold their
offices respectively for and during the term of the
President by whom they may havo been appointed
anil for one month thereafter, subject to removal by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate.
Now, I need not advance my own opinion
upon that section; and that opinion would
have but little weight upon the other side of
the House. But I propose to give gentlemen
on the other side the very highest authority
upon their part to show that by the proviso in
the first section of that act the President had
power to do what he ha? done, and that this
act does not in any manner prohibit him from
appointing a Secretary of War ad interim..
Bat before I proceed to that I wish to say,
under that section the Secretary of War held
his olliee, as did all the Secretaries appointed hj
Mr. Lincoln, solely at the will of the President
and only by the will of the President. That
act, if it had any application, was intended only
to apply to appointments made by President
Johnson himself; and the Senate of the United
States isupon the record asgivingthe construc-
tion I havegiven. The conference committee,
in reporting that act to the Senate, gave the
same construction I havegiven, and which has
been the construction of the country until a
recent period.
AH gentlemen are conversant with the his-
tory of this tenure-of-office act. It will be
recollected in the Thirty-Ninth Congress it was
contended in the Senate that it was unjust and
wrong as well as impolitic and unwise to strip
the President of the United States of all power
to appoint members of his own Cabinet and
political family. Not only are Republicans
u pon the record, but General Sherman and Gen-
eral Grant; certainly General Sherman is upon
the record that tho possession of this office by
Mr. Stanton, iti defiance of the President—this
thrusting of this person into the President's
consultation and family—is impolitic, unwise,
if not illegal. '
Sir, 1 have heard of insolence, I have heard
of impudence, and read much'and often in
history ol arrogance and impertinence, but of
all the arrogant, impertinent, insolent acts of
which I ever knew a man to be guilty in this
or m any other country, this impertinent inter-
ference of ihe alleged Secretary of War in the
1 resident s consi.nations and deliberations,
when his own personal presence is offensive
to the 1 resident and every person with whom
he is associated, is about the worst. The
ordinary intercourse of social life among Gen-
tlemen teaches us all never to thrust ourselves
into the companionship of others with whom
we are not forced to associate, and when there
is no express legal authority for that interfer-
ence. ihe natural modesty of every man's
nature, except the nature of Mr. Stanton, would
have induced a man to retire from that Do-
