4410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
the 24th day of May, 1861. There had been
no war yet. This soil never was for one mo-
ment within the lines of the enemy. It is under
the guns of Fortress Monroe almost. This was
taken possession of on the 24th of May, 1861,
and never was out of the possession of the
Government until the 1st day of January, 1867.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I understand that to be
the statement that was made, that it was within
the Federal lines; but the question is as to
whether the rule fixing the legality of these
claims is to be determined by the State in
which the claim originates, or whether it is to
be governed by the lines that varied from time
to time as the war progressed?
I have stated my objection to this claim as
I have to other kindred claims of this descrip-
tion. I presume that the objection will be
overruled as it has been heretofore overruled
in one or two cases of this description; but I
desire, so far as I am concerned, to say that in
my judgment the loyal people of this country
ought not, after they have expended thousands
of millions of dollars to put down this rebel-
lion, and sacrificed hundreds of thousands of
lives, to be now taxed year after year for an
indefinite time to indemnify the people of the
rebel States for the losses which they sustained
during the war.
Mr. FOWLER. Mr. President, I had sup-
posed that the object of government was to
protect citizens in their rights of property. If
it does not have that object, I do not know
what it has. I do assure you, sir, that the
loyal people in the southern States expect the
Governmentof the United States to indemnify
them for property that they lost and that they
gave for the support of the Army and Navy
during the war. The Governmeut of the Uni-
ted States, in my opinion, is bound to discharge
this solemn duty to those people. It was its
duty to protect them against violence of all
kinds, and having failed to do that, it is its
duty to indemnify them for the losses of prop-
erty and the property the Government took to
support its armies and its navies. If, however, it
is to be the determination of what is called the
loyal States in contradistinction to what it has
pleased some individuals to call the rebel States
to say that the loyal men of the rebel States
shall never receive any compensation for the
supplies that they furnished the Army and
Navy, we wish that to be distinctly understood.
There are certain other obligations that are
devolved on the American people by persons
in the loyal States. There is a large debt, and
it is mostly in bonds. The bondholders will ex-
pect, of course, the men of the rebel States to pay
their portion of taxes in order to pay this debt
faithfully, and we expect to do it; but if the
obligations of the Government with respect to
the loyal men of the South are to be refused
in this kind of style we shall see what other
contracts are valid besides.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I offer the following
amendment as a substitute for the bill:
That the claims of Joseph Segar, of Virginia, for
use and occupation of his Jands, and for timber ap-
propriated therefrom by the military forces of the
United States during the recent war, arc hereby re-
ferred to the Court of Claims for investigation and
allowance, the amount allowed not to excoed$25,000,
in addition to the sums heretofore paid on said
claims.
Congress two or three years ago, by a gen-
eral law, withheld the adjudication of these
cases from that court. What I propose is
simply this : that in the present case, as upon
tha prima facie showing, here is a meritorious
claim, according to the report of our commit-
tee, we shall send the claim to that court to be
determined upon the general law as it stood
before the statute of 1864 was passed.
Mr. HARLAN. Is it not in orderto amend
the matter of the bill before the question is
taken on striking out?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Certainly.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to strike out " $25-
000" and insert "$15,000." I think the com-
mittee have got it a little too high. I observe
the testimony stated by the Senator from West
Virginia was that the use of the land was sup-
posed to be worth from six to eight thousand
dollars a year. There are said to be about
three hundred acres, I think, of tillable land.
In my country you can rent land at from two
to three dollars an acre. Suppose it is worth
double that in Virginia, and I think it is no
more than double, six dollars an acre would
make $1,800 a year, very much below the sum
placed by some of the witnesses that have
testified in the case. I think they have over-
estimated the value of the rental of the land;
and I judge from all the testimony, although
of course I have not had an opportunity to
form as correct an opinion as the committee
have had, that, this owner will be probably satis-
fied with $15,000 rather than go to the Court
of Claims. It would drag along there several
years probably, and he would have to pay at-
torneys' fees and lie out of the use of his
money. I think it better to fix on some sum
that a majority of the Senate will vote for. I
therefore move to amend the bill by striking
out $20,000 and'inserting $15,000.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, if it is proper
for the Senate to pass upon a sum at all, it
seems to me that great weight ought to be
attached to the opinion of such a committee
as the Committee on Claims of this body. I
do not think it is right to treat a loyal man
whose property has been used by the Govern-
ment in any such way a.s that. 1 think we
ought to be prepared to do justice here in every
such case.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to amend the bill
byinserting "$20,000" in place of "$25,000."
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. BUCKALEW. On that I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. 110 WE. Let me say one word. The
Senator from Pennsylvania is a just man. I
think he must concede that it is not fair after
tiiis man had a trial before one tribunal, what-
ever may be said of the character of that
tribunal, to send him to another tribunal and
to limit his recovery. Send him to the Court
of Claims and strike off the limit from his
right of recovery, and all I can say is that he
will recover a heavier judgment than there
is her©
Mr. BUCKALEW. There has never been
any trial of this ease at all; there was an ap-
pointment of a military commission, who went
there and made an ex parte examination on
the subject and made a report; but that is only
a part of the demand. A portion of this claim
was never investigated by any authority except
the committee.
Mr. TIPTON. I wish only to say that every
man who knows anything about the Army will
admit that there were certain incidental damages
done wherever the Army marched that never can
be paid for and never ought to be asked for. I
think much of that kind of incidental damage
enters into this claim ; and this Government
would be bankrupt for a thousand years if it
would undertake to pay all the claims that
would follow in the wake of such a claim as
this.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I have asked for the
yeas and nays in order to put my protest upon
the record on the first important one of these
bills, to show that I resisted the establishment
of this system which will lead to the presenta- I
tion of a large number of claims to us at the
next session. I beg to suggest to the Senate
that it is utterly impossible that Congress in
this case can do anything like justice to the
Government and the claimant. That will de-
pend on the passions and feelings of the hour
in a numerous body like this, on sympathy for
the claimant, on an impassioned appeal, on
the state of a man's nerves, whether the Senate
is tired or fresh. We cannot investigate and
pass upon cases of this kind. I implore the
Senate to turn this case over to the Court of
Claims, to have a rule. If we do not do this-,
that statute of 18(14 will be one of the most
pernicious ones ever put upon our statute-
book, so far as the pecuniary interests oi the
Government are concerned. Far better would
it have been to have left the whole of these
claims to the proper court without the inter-
ference of Congress to protect the Government
against them. .
Mr. TRUMBULL. I concur in what the
Senator from Pennsylvania has said as to the
Court of Claims being altogether the better
tribunal to investigate cases ol this kind. I
believe there is no tribunal ever devised so well
calculated to illustrate the truth and arrive
at a judgment upon facts as a court where
witnesses are examined and cross-examined,
brought face to face with the parties oil both
sides; and I think one of the most miserable
ways of investigating any case depending on
facts is to do it on ex parte affidavits. _ But I
submit to the Senator from Pennsylvania, is it
competent by a resolution of the Senate to give
the Court of Claims jurisdiction of this case?
We have a law passed in 1866 expressly pro-
hibiting the court from taking jurisdiction of
such cases. When we have referred it there,
would this resolution repeal the law ?
Mr. COCKLING. Is not this a joint reso-
lution '!
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; it does not
purport to be. If it be a joint resolution or an
act, then I grant you it will be sufficient.
Mr. CONKL1NG. Is it not to be?
Mr. BUCKALEW. As a matter of course
I understood this to be a joint resolution, which,
if passed, would have the force ot law; otherwise
it would not carry the money to the claimant.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The law formerly was
that the Court of Claims eould take jurisdic-
tion of causes of action arising out of contracts,
expressed or implied, and also of such cases
as might be referred to it by either House ot
Congress; but in 1866 Congress intervened
and said the court should have no jurisdiction
of cases of this character, and it seems to me
that a resolution, unless it should be a joint
resolution having the force of a law, would not
confer jurisdiction.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I should like to have
the resolution read. If it is not a joint reso-
lution or a law it is of no account.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mat-
ter before the Senate is Senate bill No. 575, for
the relief of Joseph Segar.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But this amendment
reads " Resolved." So it is at the desk.
Mr. BUCKALEW. 1 did not offer anything
except the substance of the amendment. The
formal introduction is to be left as it is in the
bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
amendment is to strike out all after the enact-
ing clause of the bill, and insert what has been
read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That makes a law.
Mr. WILLEY. If this amendment should
be adopted, will it be subject to amendment
afterward V
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. When the
bill shall have been reported to the Senate it
will be subject to amendment.
Mr. WILLEY. I move now to strike out
so much of the amendment of the Senator
from Pennsylvania us limits the allowance to
$25,000. If the case is to go to the Com; of
Claims, let him have what he can sho^ him-
self entitled to.
The PRESIDENT protsmporc. It is moved
to amend the amendment by striking out the
limitation of $25,000.
Ihe amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Ihe PRESIDENT pro tempore. The
tion is on tne amendment of the Senator hom
Pennsylvania, as amended.
upon which the
yeas and nays have been ordeied,
Ihe question being taken by yens and navs,
resulted yeas 21, nays 20; as follows:
\EAS Messrs. Buckalew, Canacroc, Chandler,
