1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
44H
Conldinpr, Conness, Cragin, Doolittte, Ferry, Fessen-
den, Hiulan, Harris, McCreery, Morgan, Nye, Pat-
terson ot Hew Hampshire, Kice, Koss, Sawyer, Sher-
man, Stewart, Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull, and Wil-
liams—24. ^ ,
iN AYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony. CatteH, Corbett,
Drake, Fowler, Freiinghuysen. Henderson, licnd-
ricks, Howard, IIowo,Morrill of Maine. Osborn. Pat-
terson ol Tennessee, Pomeroy, Thayer,Yickers.Wade,
"Willey, and Wilson—20. ,
ABSENT — jNlesbis. Bayard, Cole, Davis, Dixon,
Edmunds, Grimes, Kellogir, McDonald, Morrill ot
Vermont, Jlorton, Norton, Pool, Ramsey, Rooertson,
Saulsbury, Sprague, Van Winkle, Yfeleh, Whyte,
and Yates—20.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed. Its title was amended to read: ''A.
bill to refer the claim of Joseph Segar to the
Court of Claims."
0. n. cutler.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
591.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 591) for the relief of O. N. Cutler was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides for paying to 0. N. Cutler $50,000, in
full compensation for two hundred and sixty-
eight bales of cotton seized by order of Gen. ral
Ulysses S. Grant at. Lake Providence, Louis-
iana, the property of Cutler, and used for mil-
itary purposes in equipping the steamer Tigress
for running the blockade of the Mississippi
river, at Vicksburg, in the month of April,
1863, and destroyed.
Mr. HOWE. That is a large claim, and I
will state in a very few words what the facls
are about it. In 1868, under the direction of
General McPherson, commanding at Vicks-
burg, his chief quartermaster made a contract
with a man by the name of Wagley to pick
cotton out in the neighborhood of Lake Prov-
idence. He was to lme the help, pay them,
feed them, pick the cotton, bale it, and have
half of it, and turn the other half over to the
Army for the use of the Government. Wag-
ley assigned the contract to Cutler. Cutler
went on and picked a large amount of cotton,
baled it, delivered half of it to the Govern-
ment, and the other half was at Lake Provi-
dence. When General Grant wanted to run
the batteries at Vicksburg he sent out some
steamers to gather up all the cotton they could
to protect his boats. Although in the contract
for picking the officer had stipulated against
this cotton being seized it was seized, brought
down, and used in packing the machinery of
the Tigress, and was sunk with the Tigress by
the rebel batteries in running by Vicksburg.
The number of bales is proved by the oflicers
who took it and used it on the boat. The
value of the cotton is proved by the sales by
the Government at Memphis. The cost of
transportation is proved by the quartermas-
ters on duty. Everything is proved except
the weight of the bales. That is not proved
except by the testimony of the petitioner him-
self, and we have cut down his estimate of the
weight considerably. According to his esti-
mate of the weight his claim would be sixty-
two thousand and some odd dollars. We have
reported an even $50,000. These are just the
facts in the case.
Mr. MORGAN". If there was good reason
for referring the other case to the Court of
Claims 1 should think there was good reason
for referring this. It is a much larger claim.
I make the motion that this be referred to the
Court of Claims. I move the same amend-
ment that was made in the other ease.
Mr. STEWART. I think this bill had bet-
ter go over to the next session.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that in the pres-
ent condition ot business we ought not to con-
sider such a bill as this, but should attend to
the transaction of the large amount of business
requiring attention in executive session.
Mr. SUMNEli. I was about to submit a
motion that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
Mr. HOWE. Let us take the vote on this
bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Wis-
consin asked two hours, and he has had them.
I feel very restive when we are passing on
claims of fifty or sixty thousand dollars of this
character.
Mr. HOWE. I have had but fifteen minutes
really.
Mr. SHERMAN. I feel very restive in pass-
ing claims for fifty or sixty thousand dollars
growing out of losses during the war, when the
policy of our laws forbids their being con-
sidered by the Court of Claims. 1 agree to
what has been said by the Senator from Illi-
nois, that these claims ought to be sent to some
tribunal where they can be thoroughly exam-
ined.
Mr. HOWE. Very well, I only want to get
the sense of the Senate. 1 wish to say to the
Senator from Ohio that he can have no concep-
tion of the relief which has been afforded to the
Committee on Claims by the vote which has
been taken in the case of Mr. Segar. If the
Senator will move to this bill the amendment
which the Senator from Pennsylvania moved
in that case he can test the sense of the Senate
on that point.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me point out a dan-
ger. It was with a great deal of reluctance
that 1 voted for the proposition of the Senator
from Pennsylvania. Once break down the
rule you have established and agree to pay for
losses, depredations, damages, &c., caused by
the war on private property, or for a man's
cotton taken and used for the public service
and sunk in the river, and where will you stop?
The difficulty is in ascertaining precisely what
classes of claims we ought to pay and what we
ought not to pay. That question ought to be
settled at some time or other by a court under
ceitain established general rules. I do not
think we ought to make precedents now which
will be dangerous hereafter, i t was with great
doubt that I voted to refer Segar's claim to the
Court of Claims, and hereafter when a strong
case is made appealing to our sympathies in
behalf of a man who is semi-loyal or entirely
loyal, as that claimant undoubtedly is, we shall
be pressed to refer it to the Court of Claims,
conferring on that court jurisdiction, and thus
we shall open wide a door for claims that may
amount to $1,000,000,000. Indeed, one of my
colleagues in the House of Representatives, in
a very elaborate report, estimated the claims
growing out of the war caused by depreda-
tions to property, destruction of property, and
injury to property, as amounting to some
$1,500,000,000.
Mr. HOWE. Now, Mr. President, let me
state to the Senator from Ohio the predica-
ment he puts the Committee on Claims in.
We have this army of claimants on us, and we
cannot turn them out of the coinmittee-room,
and you will not turn them out of the Senate ;
you will send their claims to us. You have
precluded them by a general law from going to
the Court of Claims, and you will not alter it.
You have altered it m the other case, and indi-
vidually I thank you for it, and I think the
Committee on Claims are very grateful to you,
but vou do not propose to alter it here. You
say they shall not go to the Court of Claims ;
you send them to us; you make us examine
the claims and report them here, and you will
not vote on tliem. I only ask you tovote.
Establish some rule and I will abide by it.
Mr. SHERMAN. This cotton, I admit, ac-
cording to the statement made, was cotton
belonging to this man which was taken for
public use. A claim is presented which in
equity everybody will admit ought to be re-
sponded to. But is his claim in equity any
stronger than the claim of a loyal owner ot
real estate in a rebel State whose land was
entered upon, whose fields were dug up and
trenched, out of -whose homestead a battery
was made or a block-house? May not thou-
sands and tens of thousands of such cases arise ?
We could not undertake to pay those damages.
Mr. HOWE. I will not undertake to say
that the equity here is stronger than it is in the
other case suggested. I only ask the Senate
to decide something, not to send these, hordes
of claims to the committee to labor on them,
report on them, and then say you will not eoa-
sider them. J ust tell us what the law is and
we will abide by it; but to hang these fellows
up between heaven and earth, and make the
Committee on Claims nurse them and poultice
them there, is not right. I do not like the duty,
Mr. SUMNER. I renew my motion.
Mr. STEWART. I think this bill ought to
be postponed until the December session, and
then we can discuss the matter and settle some
rule. I do not believe we can at this time
arrive at any safe conclusion as to what to do
with this class of cases.
Mr. SUMNER. I agree with the Senator
to-night, and therefore I move that the Sea-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business
Mr. ANTHONY. I suggest that if the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin has any undisputed claims
he be allowed to have them passed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Themotioa
is not debatable.
Mr. HOWE. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 20; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Buckalew; Cameron,
Chandler, Cole, ConkUflg. Corbett, Doolittle, Perry,
Fessenilen, Harlan. Harris, Howard, McCreery,Mor-
gan, Patterson of New Hampshire, Pomeroy. Rice,
Sawyer, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Tipton,
Viekers. and Welch—26. ^ ,
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, CattelJ, Cragm, Drake,
Fowler, Freiinghuysen, Henderson, Howe, Morrill of
Mam c, Nye, Osborn, Patterson of Tennessee, Ramsey.
Thayer, Trumbull, Wade, Willey, Williams, and
Wilson—20. _ .
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Conness, Davis, Dixon,
Edmunds, Gurnet, Hendricks, Kellogg, McDonald,
Morton, Norton. Pool, Robertson, Ross, Saulsbury,
Van Winkle, Whyte, and Yates—18.
So the motion was agreed to.
After some time spent in executive ses-
sion the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned until ten o'clock to-morrow.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, July 24, 18G8.
TheSPEAKER. The hour of twelve o'clock
having arrived, the session of Friday com-
mences. The Journal of yesterday not having
been completed if there is no objection the
reading of it will be dispensed with.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes the
consideration of the motion made yesterday by
thegentlemanfrom Illinois, [Mr. Washburxe,]
to reconsider the vote by which the House
agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the
concurrent resolution in regard to the adjourn-
ment of Congress.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
G3, noes 48.
Mr. MAYNARD and Mr. PAINE demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BINGHAM. Would it be in order to
move to postpone the consideration of this
question until Saturday at two o'clock ?
TheSPEAKER. It would not. The motion
to lay on the table has priority of the motion
to postpone.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I appeal to my col-
league to let this matter he over until to-
morrow.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the regular order.
Mr. OllTII. We can rescind the resolution
if necessary.
Mr. EARNSTVO ETH. No, we cannot.
The SPEAKER. No debaters in order.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in Iheallirmative—yeas To, nays 71, not voting
] 70; as follows:
' Y i, a Messrs Adams, Archcr, Axtell, Baker,
1| Baldwin, Book, Blair, Boyden, BroomaU, Roderick
