1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S38#
allow this to be done. 1 know of nothing that
is to be gained by remitting them back to the
same Legislature, to be elected over again in
a particular mode, when that mode was not
applicable to the case under consideration.
Mr. THAYER. I will state to the Senate
that the Legislature of Arkansas did follow
the provisions of the law of 1866 regulating the
election of Senators in every particular; that
is, the election took place in each house on
the second Tuesday after the meeting of the
Legislature ; and the next day the two houses
met in joint convention and declared the result.
The provisions of the law in that respect were
fully complied with. The Senator from Illinois
has called attention to the certificate. It is
signed, it is true, by the presiding officers of
the two houses for the reason that the Legis-
lature did not recognize the old Governor and
the new Governor had not taken the oath of
office, was not in possession of the office, and
was simply Governor-elect. They therefore
furnish the next best evidence, the official
certificate of the president of the senate and
speaker of the house. I suppose what the
Senate wants is evidence of the election, evi-
dence sufficient to satisfy the Senate that these
gentlemen were duly elected. The provision
of the law is that it shall be the duty of the
Governor to certify the result of the election.
But we can take the next best evidence, and
that is furnished. I can hardly conceive that
the absence of the Governor's certificate under
these circumstances would afford sufficient
ground for refusing to administer the oath of
office to these gentlemen.
In regard to the reference of these creden-
tials to the Judiciary Committee, I can hardly
conceive of any reason for that. The acts of
Congress under which these gentlemen appear
here have been complied with in every particu-
lar, as Congress has declared in the act which
became a law yesterday. That act declared
that Arkansas, having complied with all the
conditions prescribed by Congress, is now en-
titled to representation. I cannot, therefore,
perceive any reason for a reference of these
credentials. There are no contestants; no
other gentlemen appear here claiming the seats.
We cannot recognize any election which, took
place under the provisional government. We
can only recognize the acts done 'by virtue of
the authority of Congress as conveyed in the
laws it passed, and the bill which became a
law yesterday. I hope, therefore, no further
objection will be made to these Senators being
sworn in.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, the real
questions that arise upon an objection to these
credentials were, in my judgment, settled by
the passage of the bill of yesterday. It is
known to the Senate that I do not believe in
the right of Congress to establish State govern-
ments ; but as this is the first of the States that
has presented claims for admission in the Sen-
ate under what is called the reconstruction
policy, it seems to me that the Senate should
take the most liberal action possible. But I
think these credentials should go to the proper
committee. Other States will be here very soon
asking that their Senators be received; and
although most of the questions are concluded
by the action of the Senate in passing the Dill,
or will be when the omnibus bill shall have
passed, yet as these elections are likely to take
place in a very irregular manner the creden-
tials ought to be examined by the proper com-
mittee. Upon that ground I shall vote for the
proposition of the Senator from Kentucky, not
to delay the admission of these gentlemen to
their seats, but for the purpose of seeing that
the election has been so far regular at least that
we ought to recognize it, and to see that the
evidence is satisfactory.
In this case, we have not the ordinary evi-
dence that comes to the Senate. There is not
a certificate here from the chiel executive
officer of the State under the seal of the State,
but the separate certificates of the presiding
officers of the two branches of the Legislature.
Mr. EDMUNDS. A general certificate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Very well; it amounts
to a separate certificate. It is the joint certifi-
cate of the two, each certifying, I suppose
under the act of Congress, the action of his
body. If this election took place according to
the law regulating the election of Senators,
this is the separate certificate of the two pre-
siding officers, because the president of the
senate could not know officially what took
place in the house, nor could the speaker of
the house know officially what took place in
the senate, and if they united in the certificate
it amounts simply to a certificate each for his
own body.
The question suggested by- the Senator from
Illinois, in my judgment, is an important one.
How far the Senate is now bound by the law is
worthy of very careful consideration. In the
absence of law on the subject, the Senate may
admit under its general constitutional power
such persons as Senators as they deem to have
been properly elected; but as Congress has
prescribed the mode of an election, it is worthy
of very deliberate consideration how far each
branch is bound by that law. I understand
from the Senator from Illinois that this elec-
tion did not take place according to the law,
but in some irregular manner.
Mr. THAYER. Oh, no; it was in exact
accordance with the law.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from
Nebraska says that it did take place exactly
in accordance with the provisions of the law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I meant to be under-
stood as saying that it did not take place in
accordance with the law, the Legislature at that
time not being recognized by Congress as a
Legislature. It could not, of course, act in
accordance with the law until there was a State
government in Arkansas authorized to elect
Senators, and there was no State govern-
ment in Arkansas authorized to elect Sen-
ators at the time this election took place.
The act of Congress recognizing that State
organization is of a subsequent date, and of
course it could not, therefore, be in strict com-
pliance with the law. But J. proceeded to say
that I supposed the action of Congress subse-
quently might have relation back, so as to
make valid what then took place. I under-
stand from the Senator from Nebraska that
the form of proceeding was in accordance with
that prescribed by that act of Congress.
Mr. THAYER. Yes, sir; that is what I
meant to say.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have no special feel-
ing about this matter. I think it is safe to
make this reference, as this is the first of these
States coming in under the reconstruction acts,
not only that the evidence of the election may
be examined, but any other question that the
Committee on the Judiciary think properly
arises.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think the credentials
should be referred, but I rise for the purpose
of expressing an opinion which I entertain,
subject to correction if I am in error; and that
is that the authentication of the credentials is
sufficient. It is a subject that I had occasion
to consider when it was thought to be possible
that a difficulty might arise in my own State.
At one time it was believed that, in conse-
quence of a failure to elect a Senator from
Maryland strictly in accordance with law, the
Governor of the State could decline to give his
certificate. I was consulted at that time, and
came to the conclusion, in which I had entire
confidence, that if he did refuse to give his cer-
tificate and the election sh Tuld turn out to have
been according to law, the Senate would con-
sider the credentials sufficiently authenticated
if they were signed by the presiding officers
of the two houses.
But, for the reasons stated by my friend
from Indiana, I think it very advisable that
these credentials should be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, that somegeneral
rule may be established by which all subse-
quent difficulties may be averted. It is true
that in ones sense the election was not held in
this instance according to the act of Congress
for the reason stated by the honorable member
from Illinois, that there was no Legislature in
existence recognized by Congress as the Legis-
lature of the State. But that has often oc-
curred. In some instances there have been
enabling acts, constitutions have been framed
and adopted by the people, and Senators have
been elected by the Legislatures before the
States were admitted into the Union ; but when
they were admitted into the Union the Sen-
ators were received. Even in the ease of Cali-
fornia, which became a State without any en-
abling act, the Senators elected in advance of
her admission were received.
In relation to the first point, it appeared to
me that the provision that the Governor was to
authenticate the credentials was merely direct-
ory, and could be dispensed with in all cases
where it was found impossible that that should
be done, either because the Governor declined
to sign them, or beeause there was no Gov-
ernor in office.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I under-
stand a question is raised in regard to the
authentication of these credentials, as to the
evidence of this election. It is not necessary
that these credentials should set forth that the
election took place in the precise form marked
out by the statute. The credential that I hold
in my hand declares that the election was held
in pursuance of the act of Congress of 1866,-
specifying the act. In the absence of any
showing to the contrary, shall we not presume,
this statement being uncontradicted, that the
election was held in the very form prescribed
by that act? Is it necessary that it should go
on and say that the two houses met and did
thus and so, and afterward met together to
consider the question of an election? That is
all embraced in the general declaration that
the election was held in pursuance of the act'
of Congress.
These credentials are signed, not by the
Governor, but by the president of the senate
and the speaker of the house of representa-
tives. Is not. that all the evidence that is
necessary? You have not made the certificate
of the Governor necessary. The act of Con-
gress does not do so. It goes on to state how
this election shall be held, and the concluding
section of the act reads as follows:
"That it shall be the duty of the Governor of the
State fromwhich any Senator -jhall have been chosen
as aforosaid to certify his election under the seal of
the State to the President of the Senate of the U nited
States, which certificate shall be countersigned by
tlie secretary of State of the State."
It shall be the duty of the Governor to make
the certificate; but you cannot compel him to
perform that duty. He is a State officer. His
certificate is not indispensable. If there is
other evidence which satisfies the Senate that
the election was held in pursuance of the act
of Congress of 1866, that is enough. Suppose
the Governor refused to make the certificate
altogether. He has failed in this case from
some cause; it is not important to inquire
what that cause was. Suppose he refused to
make it. He is a State officer, and you can-
not compel hi m to make it. You cannot punish
him for not making it. If he refuses to make
it that does not invalidate the election. If
evidence is produced which is satisfactory to the
Senate that the election was held in pursuance
of the act of Congress, that is enough. If the
Governor makes the certificate, that is con-
clusive. Congress need not go behind that.
But suppose he refuses to do it, what are you
to do ? Does the election fall to the ground ?
You cannot force him to do it. \ou cannot
compel him by a mandamus or by any other
authority to make the certificate. But, sir, he
has not got the power in his hands to defeat
an election. If the evidence is satisfactory
that the act of Congress has been complied
with, that these men were elected in the way
pointed out by that act, it is all that ought to
be required. I do not care whether the Gov-
ernor failed to make the certificate because of
accident or sickness, or because he refused to
make it; it is not important, it is not indis-
pensable to the election. The question is:
