1340
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
the recess of the Senate. But that poor right
of suspension ceased so soon as the Senate
convened.
But now, not only in face of the decision of
the Senate, saying that the suspension of the
Secretary of War made during the late recess
•was without good cause ; and in the face of
the penalties of the act of March 2, 1807, en-
titled "An act regulating the tenure of certain
civil offices," the President on yesterday sent
into the Senate a message declaring in terms
that he had removed Edwin M. Stanton, Sec-
retary of War, and that, too, in defiance of the
sixth section of the act which declares—
"That every removal, appointment, or employ-
ment, made, had, or exercised, contrary to the pro-
visions of this act, shall be deemed, and aro hereby
declared, to bo ' high misdemeanors,'" &a.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman also read the penalty?
Mr. SPALDING. Certainly.
"And upon trial and conviction every person guilty
thereof shall be punished by a fine not exceeding
$10,000, and by imprisonment not exceeding five
years, or by both said punishments, in the discretion
of the court."
Mr. WOODWARD. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a moment?
Mr. SPALDING. I cannot, for I am hold-
ing the floor now for a limited period, by the
courtesy of my colleague, [Mr. Bingham. ]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Spalding] has three minutes of his time
left.
Mr. WOODWARD. I merely wanted to
ask the gentleman a question.
Mr. SPALDING. I cannot listen to the
question of the gentleman just now.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in my apprehension, if
there be any efficacy in an enactment of Con-
gress, we are not called upon to ascertain
through a committee whether the President has,
in fact, committed a high misdemeanor, because
Congress has already, upon the face of its
enactment, declared the alleged act of removal
to be such. And the President, as if to do
despite to the action of Congress, has thrown
down the gauntlet, and has assumed the bold-
ness to say to the Senate: "Notwithstanding
your reasons to the contrary, that I had not the
right to suspend the Secretary of War, 1 do
assume to have the constitutional right to remove
that officer from his position altogether, and I
do it in contempt of your law and in disregard
of your advice."
Sir, I do not care whether Andrew Johnson
be in the presidential chair, or my friend, the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] or
any other man, so that we can have rest and
quiet in this great country. But I am brought
to the conclusion that so long as we submit to
these rude and violent assaults by the Execu-
tive upon Congress and upon all the action of
Congress we never can have peace. Hence
the conviction that the public good demands
the adoption of the resolution this day icported
by the Committee on Reconstruction.
[Here the hammer fell ]
Mr. BINGHAM resumed the floor.
Mr. PRtjyN. Before the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] proceeds I would like to
inquire of him what will be the probable course
of' this debate, and whether members will be
allowed full opportunity to express their views
upon this important question?
Mr. BINGHAM. Jam unable to answer the
question further than to express my wish and
hope that the House will deliberate upon this
question fully, and not exclude reasonable
discussion on each side of the House.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. May I
say to the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Pruyn] that, so far as I have anything to say
about the matter, I hope that discussion will be
allowed to the last moment of to-day.
Mr. PRUYN. Of to-day?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. But we
desire to have the vote taken before we adjourn.
Mr. BARNES. Are we to understand 
Mr, BINGHAM. I cannot yield the floor
furt her.
Mr. PRUYN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] says " the last moment
of to-day." Does he mean sunset, midnight,
or the usual hour for adjournment?
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to any further
discussion.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, (to Mr.
Pruyn.) I will say five o'clock.
Mr. PRUYN. Then we must discuss this
great question all that we are to discuss it
between now and five o'clock to-day.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have no desire myself,
as I intimated in reply to the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Pruyx,] to place any unrea-
sonable restriction upon this discussion.
Mr. Speaker, all right-minded men must
concede that the question under consideration
is one of supreme moment to all the people of
the Republic. I protest for myself, sir, that I
am utterly incapable of approaching the dis-
cussion of this question in the spirit of a parti-
san. I repel, sir, the intimation of the gentle-
man from New York, £Mr. Bbooks,] that I
am careless of the obligation of my oath or
uuconceraed about the supremacy of the Con-
stitution and the laws. I look upon the Con-
stitution of the country as the very breath of
the nation's life. I invoke this day upoa the
consideration of this great question the match-
less name of Washington, as did the gentle-
man, and ask him, in the consideration of the
matter now before us, to ponder upon those
deathless words of the Father of our Country,
wherein he declares that "the Constitution
which at any time exists, till changed by an
explicit and authentic act of the whole people,
is sacredly obligatory upon all"—upon all, sir,
from the President to the humblest citizen—
standing within the jurisdiction of the Repub-
lic. Washington but echoed the words that
himself and his associates had imbedded in
the text of the Constitution, that "this Consti-
tution and the laws passed in pursuance thereof
shall be the supreme law of the land." It
shall be supreme over every officer; it shall be
supreme over every State; it shall be supreme
over every territory ; it shall be supreme upon
every deck covered by your flag in every zone
all round the globe. Every man within its
jurisdiction, official and unofficial, must bow
to the supremacy of the Constitution.
The gentleman says that the issue involved
13 an issue about an office. I beg the gentle-
man's pardon. The issue involved is whether
the supremacy of the Constitution shall be
maintained by the people's Representatives.
The President of the United States has assumed,
sir, to set himself above the Constitution and
the laws. He has assumed to deiy the law;
ho has assumed to challenge the people's Rep-
resentatives to sit in judgment upon hia mal-
feasance in office. Every man who has con-
sidered it worth while to observe my conduct
touching this question that has so long agitated
this House and agitated this country may have
discovered that 1 have kept myself back and
have endeavored to keep others back from
making any unnecessary issue between the
President and the Representatives of the people
touching the manner in which he discharged
the duties of his great office. I had no desire,
sir, to have resort unnecessarily to this highest
power reposed by the people in their Repre-
sentatives and their Senators for the vindica-
tion of their own violated Constitution and
violated laws. Notwithstanding there was much
in the conduct of the President to endanger the
peace and repose of the country, yet, so long
as there was any doubt upon the question of
his liability to impeachment within the text and
spirit of the Constitution, I was unwilling to
utter one syllable to favor such a proposition
or to record a vote to advance it. With my
past conduct on this question, sir, I am entirely
satisfied. I am responsible for it alone to those
who sent me here, to my conscience, and to the
common Father of us all. I have said no word
heretofore, I have given no vote heretofore,
touching this question which, dying, 1 would
wish to change.
I stand here, however, to-day, filled with a
conviction as strong as knowledge that the
President of the United States has deliberately,
defiantly, and criminally violated the Constitu-
tion, his oath of office, and the laws of the
country. I propose, sir, to make clear, in the
short time which I shall occupy, the proposition
which I have just uttered; and in attempting
to do it I desire to say that it is a moment of
pain and sorrow with me to be compelled, as a
Representative of the people, ^for I am com-
pelled to it,) to make the utterance that the
President of the United States has set this bad
example to all the people of this country of
trampling the Constitution and the laws defi-
antly under foot.
The offices of the United States are the gift
of the people. They are held subject to the
Constitution of the United States and to the
statutes passed in pursuance of it. The Presi-
dent of the United States holds his own office
by that tenure, as well as every other official
known to the Constitution and the laws. He
himself must have regard to what is written in the
Constitution. When he comes to inquire about
the right of any person to hold and exercise
an office he must have regard, one would sup-
pose, to the plain letter of the Constitution,
which declares, touching the very class of
offices involved in this discussion, that the
President "shall have power to fill up all va-
cancies that may happen during the recess of
the Senate, by granting commissions which
shall expire at the end of their next session."
Does not this provision, by necessary implica-
tion, declare that the President shall only have
power to fill vacancies by a limited commission
which may happen during the recess of the
Senate. Can he appoint and commission to
fill a vacancy which may happen when the Sen-
ate is in session? Is it not clear that such va-
cancies can only be filled with the advice and
consent of the Senate? Are not these words in
the Constitution: "The President shall have
power, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, to appoint all officers of the United
States, which shall be established by law," and
whose appointment is not by the Constitution
otherwise provided for? There is no provision
for the appointment of a Secretary of War in
any other way than with the consent of the
Senate, to fill a vacancy arising during its ses-
sion.
Who is there to say that the President of the
United States, touching an office of the char-
acter now in question, can by his own act create
a vacancy by removal when the Senate is in
session, and fill the vacancy thus created by
himself in presence of the Senate and with-
out its consent, when the Constitution, as I have
just said, declares that the office shall be filled
only by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate.
The gentleman has endeavored to read stat-
utes^ on the subject. The statutes read throw
no light upon the point which I now make, to
wit: the power of the President to create by
his own act a vacancy in an office of this char-
acter and fill it ad interim by appointment, of
his own while the Senate is in session. Did
the gentleman read a line recognizing any
such power as that, or conferring any such
power as that on the Executive, in the act of
1789 ? Did he read a line conferring any such
power in the act of 1702 ? Did he read a line
conferring any such power in the act of 170-3?
Did he read a line conferring any such power
in the act of 1863 ? JN'of at all. The provisions
of the statutes which he read were wise pro-
visions to make temporary appointments bv
which the offices couid be filled during the
temporary incapacity of the person appointed
under the Constitution.
In case of absence he might make temporary
appointment. In case of sickness he might
make temporary appointment; but bv the act
of 178'J the appointment was limited to the
chief clerk of the War Department. But the
question involved here is, can he create a va-
cancy while the Senate is in session, fill tlie
vacancy thus created without the consent of
j the Senate, and thereby repeal the Constitu-
1 tionV It needs no argument, sir, to show the
