2364
THE CONGRESSIONAL (xLOBE.
May 5,
relating to elections in South Carolina and
Arkansas; which, on motion of Mr. Farxs-
worth, was referred to the Committee on Recon-
struction, and ordered to be printed.
charges against a member again.
Mr. BROOKS. I wish to read a resolution
I desire to offer.
The SPEAKER. The motion to adjourn is
pending.
Mr. MYERS. I withdraw the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. BROOKS. I wish to read a resolution
which I consider necessary to a proper invest-
igation.
Mr. DAWES. When the House decides to
entertain my resolution I will have the control
of it.
Mr. BROOKS. I presume there will be no
objection to entertaining the resolution ; there
is none on this side.
The question was then put; and the House
decided to receive and consider the resolution.
Mr. DAWES. I will now listen to the gen-
tleman's resolution.
Mr. BROOKS. It is as follows:
Rpftolved, That the committee bo directed to bring
before thorn the report of the speeial commissioners.
Major General William If. Smith and JamesT. Brady,
esq., of New York, appointed by President Lincoln
and Secretary Stanton to investigate the adminis-
tration of tho military government in New Orleans
duiing the war, and especially for the testimony of
B. T. Smith, Jacob Barker, and \V. W. Watson re-
lating to the administration of General Butler and
his connection in the trade of Lakes Borgne and
Ponchartrain with his brother, A. J. Butier.
Mr. DAWES. I consider it altogether un-
necessary to instruct a committee of the char-
acter of tho one announced this morning as to
the mode and method of discharging their
duties. I demand the previous question.
Mr. BOYER. I desire to make an inquiry
which might influence my vote upon this ques-
tion. Will the gentleman from Massachusetts
withdraw the previous question to allow me to
make an inquiry?
Mr. Dawes made a gesture of dissent.
Mr. GARY. I ask permission of the gen-
tleman to oifer an amendment.
Mr. Dawes again made a gesture of dissent.
Mr. ROBINSON. I call for tellers on sec-
onding the previous question.
Tellers were not ordered.
The previous question was seconded—ayes
82, noes 21.
The main question was then ordered to be
put.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Has the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] now an hour to
discuss this question?
The SPEAKER. He has not, not having
reported the resolution.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to make a few
remarks to the House—not to exceed five min-
utes.
Mr. COVODE. I object.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Well, we have made a
great many mistakes by not allowing discus-
sion.
Mr. BO\ER. May I be allowed to make
an inquiry of the Chair?
The SPEAKER. If it is a parliamentary
question the Chair will answer it, but not oth-
erwise.
Mr. BOYER. It is this: I desire to know
whether, under the pending resolution, if
adopted, in relation to the misappropriation of
gold, it will be legitimate to inquire into the
misappropriation of spoons or other plate,
provided its material be silver? [Laughter,
and cries of "Order."]
Mr. GARFIELD. I call the gentleman to
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in
order, nor is that a parliamentary inquiry.
The Chair stated that he would answer a par-
liamentary inquiry, but the gentleman did not
make one.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts to modify his resolution so
as to cover the entire administration of his col-
league [Mr. Bctleh] at New Orleans. There
is no reason why we should investigate a single
subject.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must first
ask the consent of the House before he makes
any remarks.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I was asking that con-
sent.
Mr. J>RIGGS. I object.
Mr. DAWES. It is unnecessary to cover
more than the charge made against my col-
league.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays on the adoption of the resolution. I want
a full investigation if we have any.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, only
four members voting therefor.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
tentu article of impeachment.
Mr. CARY. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I offer the resolution which I sent to
the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk commenced to read the resolution,
as follows:
Whereas this House, in the tenth article of im-
peachment, charged Andrew Johnson 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I make the point
of order that that is not a question of privilege.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I object to its consider-
ation.
The SPEAKER, The gentleman from Ohio
presents it as a question of privilege.
Mr. VAN WYCK. _ I object to its being read
until the Chair determines that it is a question
of privilege.
The SPEAKER. The resolution has to be
read to the House. If it is a question of privi-
lege, the question will then be whether the
House will now consider it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the House
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Cary] is on the floor with a question
which has to be considered.
_ Mr. CARY. I simply ask that the resolu-
tion be read. If it is out of order, I do not
want to press it.
The SPEAKER. It is to be read as the
Chair has stated. The gentleman from Ohio
is upon the floor and could have read it at his
own seat, and no gentleman can make a motion
to adjourn until it has been read.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. Is it not
in order for the Speaker to examine the res-
olution and see if it is a question of privilege
before it is read ?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The usual
custom, when a member states that he rises to
a question of privilege, is for the resolution to
be read at the Clerk's desk or at the member's
seat, and then the Chair rules upon it. The
Clerk will read the resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas this House, in the tenth article of im-
peachment, charged Andrew Johnson, President of
the United States, with a high misdemeanor in office,
in that he hadmadeintemperate. inflammatory, and
scandalous harangues, which were peculiarly inde-
cent and unbecoming:
Revolved, That in view of the. exhibition on this
floor on Friday, Saturday, and Monday last, the se-
lect committee report as speedily as practicable as
to the propriety of ordering the managers to with-
draw the tenth article from the further consideration
of the high court of impeachment.
Mr. CARY. I mean the select committee
ordered on yesterday. I drew the resolution
in this form because I intended it as an amend-
ment to the resolution authorizing the com-
mittee. I will modify the resolution by insert-
ing after the words "the select committee"
the words "announced this morning."
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that this
is not a question of privilege. If the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Cary] had moved, in
place of this, a resolution instructing the man-
agers to withdraw any article of impeachment,
there would be no question of his right to do
so, subject to the decision of the House,
whether they would consider the resolution.
Mr. CARY. I will modify the resolution'as
suggested by the Chair.
'The SPEAKER. The Chair will then hold
that the resolution is privileged, subject to the
order of the House.
Mr. PILE. I object to-the consideration of
the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The question then is,
Will the House now consider the resolution?
Mr. ROBINSON. On that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move that the House
now adjourn.
Mr. ROBINSON. I rise to a point of order.
My point of order is, that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scofield,] who has moved
that the House adjourn, could not take the
floor from the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Cary,] who still holds the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order, from the fact, as the gentleman
well knows, that no gentleman can hold the
floor on an undebatable question. The ques-
tion—Will the House now consider the resolu-
tion?—is undebatable, and therefore no gen-
tleman is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BANKS. \\ ill the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] withdraw his
motion for a moment?
Mr. SCOFIELD. Certainly.
Mr. BANKS. I ask consent to make a state-
ment to the House. I have been notified by
the Clerk of the House that I have been ap-
pointed upon the select committee 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object to any debate.
Mr. BANKS. I have a right to make the
statement.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be made pend-
ing the question of privilege before the House,
if objection is made.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I withdraw any objection
I have made. I will not be as illiberal as gen-
tlemen were to me.
Mr. BANKS. I have been notified by the
Clerk of the House that I have been appoint-
ed——
Mr. CARY. I object. I want my resolu;
tion considered and disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The question is, Will the
House now consider the resolution ? upon
which the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Robiksok] has called for the yeas and nays.
^ The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 22, noes 92 ; not one fifth
voting in the affirmative.
Mr. RANDALL and Mr. HOLMAN called
for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Raxdall and
Mr. Scofield were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 25, noes 85.
So (one fifth voting in the affirmative) the
yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
House now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
commixes: ' referredt° the *PP">P™*
T ^..^URCHILL: The petition of
John J. \\ oleott, Samuel F. Case, Willis S.
Nelson, and 207 others, citizens of Fulton
New York, asking for a reduction of the ex-
penses of the Government and thereby of the
burdens of taxation, and also for such read
justment of the revenue laws as to keep the
balance of trade m favor of this country.P
Also, the petition of Whitmore Kinvon and
49 others, individuals and firms, manufacturers
and dealers in lumber in New York and Brook-
lyn, asking that the duties on imported lum-
ber be changed from ad valorem to specific
Also, the petition of J. Benedict tf Son and
others, lumber dealers in Albany, New York.
