3388
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
was the election held in accordance with the
act of Congress, and if it was, whatever Satis-
fies the Senate on that subject is sufficient.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will my colleague allow
me one moment?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If he understands me
as saying that the certificate of the Governor
is essential to the right of the party to his office
he misunderstands me. It is the election which
gives the man aright to his office, and the cer-
tificate is but evidence of the election. But
as the law prescribes the character of the evi-
dence that shall be furnished, in the absence
of such evidence ought not the evidence pre-
sented to be examined by a committee ? That
is all I undertake to say.
Mr. MORTON. If there was any doubt
about it, it might be proper to do so. The
certificate of the Governor is not here, but the
certificate of the two presiding officers is here.
The Senator will admit that the certificate of
the Governor is notindispensable. The absence
of it does not defeat the election. It is simply
a question, after all, whether there is satisfac-
tory evidence before the Senate that these men
were elected in pursuance of the act of Con-
gress. The speaker of the house and the pres-
ident of the senate say they were. Does
anybody doubt that this certificate is true?
There is no doubt entertained by anybody here
on that subject. Therefore, a reference to a
committee is a mere matter of form, which
can do no good to anybody, and only accom-
plishes delay. For that reason I object to the
reference. This great work has suffered many
delays. This act is the consummation of a work
that has been going on for a year and a half,
or nearly so. It is time it was ended. Here
is evidence that leaves no doubt upon the mind
of any Senator here. There is no question
about the fact. These men have been elected
in pursuance of the act of Congress. Why not
let them be sworn at once?
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, a motion was
made to admit two gentlemen as Senators from
the bialeof Arkansas. Their credentials were
presented, and itwas proposed that they; should
take the oath required by the Constitution and
the law. I thought that itwas not regular, but
against the right and truth of the case that
those two men should be admitted to seats in
the Senate. I therefore made a question upon
that right, as it was my prerogative to do.
They are the first of a series of Senators who
are to be introduced under the reconstruction
laws, and I conceived that itwas an important
action oil the part of the Senate to admit them ;
and as I believed that they were not entitled to
admission I decided to make the question at
least, and I made it in the form of moving that
the credentials of these gentlemen be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary. I had
applied to the Secretary of the Senate at his
office before to see these credentials, to know
in what form they had been made; but they
were not on file, and the objections which now
come up on their face and m the form of the
election I did not know of, as the credentials
were not with the Secretary and I had no
opportunity of examining them. Upon my
motion to have their credentials referred I was
using the credentials of other men, previously
made out in their favor, as a part of my
remarks, and it was only in that form, as a
part of the remarks that I intended to make
upon the case, that I asked to have them read
by the Clerk. I supposed that if the credentials
of the men who are now presented are referred
to the committee the other ciedentials and all
other testimony bearing upon any questions in
the case of course would go before that com-
mittee. In making the motion, it was my
intention and my purpose to bring as far as I
could before the Senate and the committee, if
the question should be referred to the commit-
tee, all the testimony bearing properly upon
any question arising in the case.
Now, Mr. President, it turns up, after the
debate has commenced, by the admission of
the honorable chairman of the Committee on
the Judiciary, that the election of these Sena-
tors took place before (according to the princi-
ple of the majority of the Senate) the Legisla-
ture of Arkansas was a constitutional and legal
Legislature. I understand that position to be
conceded, that this body, calling itself the
Legislature of Arkansas, got together and pro-
ceeded to make an election by which these two
gentlemen were selected as Senators from that
State to the United States Senate, when, ac-
cording to the principle of the majority of the
Senate, there was no such thing in existence
as a constitutional and legitimate Legislature
of the State of Arkansas. It is conceded that
the election took place by a body that was not
authorized to make it, which, according to the
principle of the gentleman, had no legitimate
power to make it; and yet, as Congress yes-
terday passed a law declaring that Arkansas
was entitled as a State in the Union to be
admitted to representation in both Houses
of Congress, it is contended that Congress
should therefore sanctify and make valid this
informal and void election of Senators from that
State. It is a singular position, to say the least,
that an election which had no validity, which
was unauthorized by the Constitution and the
laws, and therefore utterly void, can be made
good and valid by the action of Congress. I
ask, under that state of fact and of principle,
who would make the election of these Senators,
the Legislature of Arkansas or the Senate of
the United States?
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask the
Senator from Kentucky one question. I ask
him if it is not consistent with the whole prac-
tice of the Government in the admission of
States ? Territories are formed as States, but,
before they are admitted, I ask him if their
Legislatures do not elect Senators at a time
when they are not Legislatures of States, but
only in embryo ; and whether such elections
are not ratified and made valid by relation
back when the State is subsequently admitted?
Has not that been the practicc of the Govern-
ment from the very beginning?
Mr. DAVIS. I concede that; and upon this
principle: that the people of the State had
formed the State before it, was admitted into
the Union, and that the only action of Con-
gress was to admit a State into the Union that
had been previously formed by the people of
that State.
Mr. MORTON. I ask if it was not still a
Territory until it was actually admitted? If it
was a State and to be regarded as a State for
a moment until its actual admission?
Mr. DAVIS. I say not, in response to the
honorable Senator. The State would exist in
an organized form at the time of its admission
as a State into the Union by Congress. Con-
gress has no right to form a State. Congress
has no constitutional power whatever to make
a State or to form a State. The people make
the State, form the State, and frame its State
government; and after all this work is done
the simple, isolated act which the Congress
does is to admit the State, as it has been formed,
into the Union as one of the United States.
According to the theory of the honorable
gentlemen who constitute the majority of the
Senate Arkansas was not a State in the Union,
and not a State at all, at the time the election
of these Senators took place, as I understand.
Assuming their principle to be true, that Ark-
ansas was not a State, then her Legislature
was not a legitimate, valid Legislature of the
State of Arkansas. It certainly then had no
j power to elect a Senator, or to give that elec-
| tionsuch validity as that when Congress should
pass a law declaring that Arkansas should be
entitled to representation in the Senate and
House it would sanctify that election made by
a body that was not a Legislature at all. Sir,
this is a grave question. It is certainly of
such a character as merits a reference to the
Judiciary Committee, that that committee may
consider it and report upon it to the Senate.
One word with regard to the other objection,
which has been conceded to exist, te the ad-
mission of these Senators. Congress has passed
a law which requires a particular form of evi-
dence of the fact of the election of a Senator.
That form of evidence, in one of its important
requisites, in the present case is defective.
The Governor of that State has not attached
the cgrt.ificat,e which the law requires to the
credentials of these elected Senators. Will
Congress, in the absence of that essential part
of the proof, admit them without a reference
of their credentials and their case to the Judi-
ciary Committee? There may, or may not,
exist a sufficient cause for the absence of that
feature in the proof. If there is a sufficient
cause for its absence, and it maybe dispensed
with, the facts upon which it may be dispensed
with are certainly proper for the consideration
and report of the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. President, I was impelled to make ob-
jection to the admission of these Senators upon
the ground that I previously stated. I do not
believe that they have any constitutional claim
or right whatever to seats as Senators from the
State of Arkansas; and to meet their right,
and to compete with it, I endeavored to have
thrown before the Senate the legitimate and
exactly legal returns or commissions of pre-
vious Senators from that State, whose terms
of service, as evidenced on the face of the cre-
dentials, have not yet expired. I believed, as
I now believe, that the right of the men who
held the previous credentials was not only the
paramount right, but the only right to a claim
of seats upon this floor as Senators, and that
consequently the two gentlemen who are pre-
sented this morning have 110 right whatever to
seats in the Senate.
The Senator from Michigan [Mr. Howard]
says that that question has been settled, and
that I am seeking to revive the controversy
between the President and Congress as to
which of those two powers of the Government
should reconstruct these States. Sir, I have
always denied that either of those powers of
the Government had any right to pass recon-
struction laws. I concede no such principle as
that. I have always combated that principle,
that power, that right oti the part of the Pres-
ident or Congress either to reconstruct or to
prescribe terms for the reconstruction of the
States that were in the rebellion. My principle
has been, as has often been expressed to the
Senate, that when the rebellion was subdued,
crushed, and the people of those States that
were in rebellion made their submission to the
United States Government, the Constitution
itself, by its own principles and its own opera-
tion and effect, restored them to the Union
and enabled them to claim all their rights in
the Government as States of the United States.
But the honorable Senator says that that
question has been settled ; that it has been
adjudged by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives. I tell the honorable Senator that
there is an appeal pending before the Ameri-
can people from that judgment, and in my
opinion that judgment will be swept away, and
will, before twelve months, exist as naught, as
nothing. But that is a question of opinion
between the honorable Senator and myself.
I have explained the considerations that
moved me in making my objection, and I have
stated my opinion in relation to the matter,
andthe grounds upon which, generally, it was
formed, and I therefore leave the case.
Mr. POMEROY. The question I believe
is, whether these credentials shall be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary. I move
to lay that question on the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That will dispose of
the whole subject.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand that that
will lay the credentials on the table, where
they should be, and then we ean proceed to
swear in the Senators-elect.
Mr. CONNESS. I understand the discussion
to be at an end, and I hope the Senator will
withdraw the motion, and let us vote.
Mr. POMEROY'. I will withdraw it if no
more speeches are to be made ; but it is now
after two o'clock, and we have been discussing
a question which has been discussed here ever
