1808.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
since I have been in the Senate about the power
of these States to organize governments. If
that question is to be discussed on the present-
ation of credentials and on a motion to refer
credentials I think the subject should be laid
011 the table. I do not want to cut off any person
who desires a moment to reply ; and if the
Senator from Michigan wishes to do so, I will
withdraw the motion.
Mr. HOWARD. I have but one word to say
in reply. I do not propose to attempt to answer
the honorable Senator from Kentucky upon the
constitutional question which he has raised. I
am quite content with the decision which has
been made of that great question ; and I am
equally confident with himself that upon the
trial of that question again before the great
court of appeal which he seems to invoke the
decision will be as decidedly adverse to him
and his party as it has been in Congress.
I wish, however, to say one word in regard
to the act of 1866, which is appealed to here
by the gentlemen opposing the admission of
these Senators, and as to which it is said that
the credentials on the table are not in con-
formity with the provisions of that act. Now,
sir, what was the date of that act? It was
passed in July, 1860. At the time that act
was passed the rebel States were still in their
anomalous condition. They had no regular
governments. They were held by the author-
ities of the United-States by virtue of the
triumph of our arms ; and the very text of
that act, when carefully considered, will be
found not to be applicable to the States in that
particular condition. I do not regard the act
of 1866 as applicable by its terms or by its
spirit to the readmission into Congress of the
rebel States. It was not expected to apply to
them, because in many of its provisions it was
utterly impossible to apply it.
Then, again, eight months afterward, in
March, 1807, Congress passed what is known
as the first reconstruction act. That act and
its supplements declare in substance thatwhen
the rebel States shall have complied with the
terms contained in those acts the States shall
be declared entitled to representation, and
Senators and Representatives shall be admitted
therefrom as therein provided; that is, as pro-
vided in the State constitutions which the
respective rebel Stales may have formed. We
are not bound by the act of 1866 in isgard to
the credentials of Senators from those States;
but we are simply thrown back upon our con-
stitutional authority to judge of the qualifica-
tions of the persons elected, and of the suffi-
ciency of their credentials. When Senators
look at the act of 1866, it will be obvious
enough to any one, I think, that it is impossi-
ble to apply the terms of that act to the rebel
States, it was never supposed that it would
be so applied. But in regard to the readmis-
sion of the rebel States we are governed ex-
clusively and solely by the' reconstruction acts
and by our naked, constitutional authority.
Therefore, supposing as I do, that these cre-
dentials are truthful upon their face, and that
these gentlemen have been elected by the Le-
gislature of that State altogether in pursuance
of the reconstruction acts, I think they are
entitled to their seats, and I am therefore
opposed to the reference of the question to
the Judiciary Committee, and am in favor of
their being immediately sworn in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on refeiring the credentials to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is now
moved that the Senators-elect be sworn in.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ators-elect from Arkansas will advance to the
Chair and take the necessary oaths.
The Senators from Arkansas, Messrs. Mc-
Doxald and Rice, escorted by Mr. Pomkroy
and Mr. Thayer, advanced to the desk, and
having taken the oaths prescribed by the Con-
stitution and the act of July 2, 1862, took their
seats in the Senate.
MESSAGE FKOM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson*, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the amendment
of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 822) grant-
ing a pension to Hampton Thompson.
The message further announced that the
House had passed a joint resolution (H. R.
No. 292) directing the Secretary of War to
sell damaged or unserviceable arms, ordnance
and ordnance stores, in which the concurrence
of the Senate was requested.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 216) to amend an
act entitled "An act granting lands to aid in
the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from the Central Pacific railroad, in Cal-
ifornia, to Portland, in Oregon," with amend-
ments, in which the concurrence of the Senate
was requested.
INDIAN APPKOPltlATION BILL.
Mr. CORBETT submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No.
107S) making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes, for the year ending June
30, 1869, and for other purposes ; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
CALIFORNIA AND OREGON RAILROAD.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, laid before
the Senate the amendments of the House of
Representatives to the bill (S. No. 216) to
amend an act entitled "An act granting lands
to aid in the construction of a railroad and
telegraph line from the Central Pacific rail-
road, in California, to Portland, in Oregon."
The amendments were in line ten, to strike out
the words "two years" and to insert "eight-
een months, and in line twelve, to strike out
"three years" and to insert two years."
Mr. CORBETT. I move that the Senate
concur ill those amendments.
The motion was agreed to.
SALE OF DAMAGED ORDNANCE.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 292) direct-
ing the Secretary of War to sell damaged or
unserviceable arms, ordnance, and ordnance
stores, was read twice by its title.
Mr. WILSON. As that is a joint resolution
of but a few lines, I ask that it be put upon its
passage.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the joint resolu-
tion at this time. Is there any objection?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us hear what it is
first. Let it be read for information.
The Chief Clerk read the joint resolution,
which is a direction to the Secretary of War
to cause to be sold, after offer at public sale,
on thirty days' notice, in such manner and at
such time and place, at public or private sale, as
he may deem most advantageous to the public
interest, the old cannon, arms, and other ord-
nance stores in possession of the War Depart-
ment which are damaged or otherwise unsuit-
able for the United States military service or
for the militia of the United States, and to cause
the net proceeds of such sales, after paying all
proper expenses of sale and transportation to
the place of sale, to be deposited in the Treas-
ury of the United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think that resolution
had better be referred. I think I can suggest
to my friend an amendment that it clearly
requires. It raises just such a question as we
have repeatedly considered here.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution can only be considered at the pres-
ent time by unanimous consent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it will be referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of the
United States, communicating, in compliance
with a resolution of the Senate of the 28th
ultimo, correspondence relating to the"act of
Congress prohibiting persons in the diplomatic
service from wearing uniforms or official cos-
tumes ; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations, aind ordered to be printed.
AMERICAN CITIZENS ABROAD.
Mr. CONNESS. I offered a resolution yea;
terday to discharge the Committee on Foreign
Relations from the further consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 768) concerning the rights of
American citizens in foreign States. As that
bill has been reported by the committee this
morning I desire to withdraw the resolution.
The committee having reported the bill, and I
having no object in view but to get the early
consideration of the Senate to the bill, I now
ask leave of the Senate to withdraw the res-
olution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
hears no objection, and the resolution is with-
drawn.
PRINTING OF A PETITION.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I presented a petition
this morning of certain voters of this District,
■tfhich I desired to have printed. I intended
to make the motion at the time I presented it;
but I forgot to do so. I now ask that the peti-
tion be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be entered, if there be no objection.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
following enrolled bills and joint resolution;
and they were thereupon signed by the Presi-
dent pro tempore of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 216) to amend an act entitled
" An aet granting lauds to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from the
Central Pacific railroad, in California, to Port-
land, in Oregon
A bill (EL R. No. 822) granting a pension to
Hampton Thompson; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 264) to pro-
vide for the sale of the site of Fort Covington,
in the State of Maryland.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The un-
finished business of yesterday is now before the
Senate.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 605) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th June,
1869, the pending question being on the amend-
ment of Mr. Sumner to the amendment of the
Committee on Appropriations. The amend-
ment of the committee was to insert after line
three hundred and fifty-two, following the appro-
priation for the compensation of the officers of
the State Department, the following proviso :
Provided. That the third section of the aet of
August 18,1856, entitled " An aet to amend an aet
entitled ' An aet requiring foreign regulations of
commerce to be laid annually before Congress,'
approved August 16,1S42. and for other purposes,"
and also that the second section of the act of July
25, 1866, entitled " An aet making appropriations
for the consular and diplomatic expenses of t b e Gov-
ernment for the year ending 30th June, 1867, and
for other purposes," be, and the same are hereby,
repealed.
The amendment of Mr. Summer was to strike
out of the amendment of the committee the
following words:
And also that tho second section of the act of July
25,18(56,, entitled "An aet making appropriations lor
the consular and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending 30th June, 1867, and for other
purposes/'
Mr. SUMNER. I do not knpw that it is
advisable to protract this discussion,* and yet
there were some remarks that were made at
tlie close of the debate yesterday to which 1
should like for one moment to reply. I have
nothiug to say with regard to the first part or
the amendment of the committee relating to
the clerkship of statistics in the State Depart-
