1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1341
force and effect of the position assumed by the
President and by his volunteer advocate this
day to be this: that he may repeal the Consti-
tution of the country, and fill all the executive
offices known to the laws without the advice or
consent of the Senate during every hour that
lemains to him of the term of the presidential
oliice.
The House doubtless anticipated the method
by which I have arrived at this conclusion. He
creates a vacancy, the Senate being in session.
He creates a vacancy and makes the appoint-
ment ad interim, of General Lorenzo Thomas,
having appointed General Lorenzo Thomas in
the presence of the Senate, and without consult-
ing the Senate, to fill the vacancy created by
himself. Sir, how does the gentleman arrive at
the conclusion he may not to-morrow, in order
to have the satisfaction of making another ap-
pointment adinterim, remove Lorenzo Thomas,
and repeat the operation every alternate day
of the week until the end of his official term,
taking no notice of the requirement of the Con-
stitution that these offices shall be filled, when
the Senate is in session, only "by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate ?" If Presi-
dent Johnson may assume and exercise this
power over all the executive officers of the
country may not his successors in all future
time follow the bad example, and thus fill all
the offices without the consent of the Senate?
Your statute makes it a crime, a high misde-
meanor, for the President of the United States
to arrogate to himself such power as this to
vacate offices, the terms of which were not
specially limited by law, and fill the vacancies
at his own pleasure while the Senate is in ses-
sion, and without their advice or consent.
That act makes this offense punishable by im-
prisonment in the penitentiary and by forfeiture
or fine. The gentleman says the Secretary of
War is not within the operation of the law.
Well, sir, so far as the President is concerned,
it seems to me to be a closed question that the
Secretary of War is within the act of 1867, as
the President of the United States has solemnly
so proclaimed the fact to be. He did so pro-
claim when he suspended the Secretary of War
in August, 1807, from his office and appointed
the General of the Army Secretary of War ad
interim. He declared him suspended. There
is no law which authorizes the President of the
. United States to suspend the Secretary of War
or any other head of Department and appoint
a temporary successor until the meeting of the
Senate save the act of 1867. The President
recognizes that act as embracing the Secretary
of War, and as couferiing upon him the power
of suspension for good and sufficient cause to
him appearing.
But, sir, that we might not be in doubt as to
his full recognition of the operation and effect
of this statute, he returned to the Senate within
the time limited by the very letter of that law,
in December last, the reasons which operated
upon his mind in the suspension of the Secre-
tary of War, and referred the question to the
Senate under the act of 18G7, to determine
whether the Secretary of War was suspended
for good and sufficient cause, or whether the
reasons assigned by the President were insuffi-
cient. The President thereby submitted, un-
der the act of 1807, to the judgment of the
Senate whether the Secretary of War should
be suspended or retained in the office of the
Department of War. The Senate decided the
question, and by its judgment the President
and every other person is concluded. It is his
duty to respect the judgment of the Senate and
abide by it.
So much, then, for the President. He has
solemnly decided the question against his ad-
vocate under the obligation of his oath. Let
him be concluded by the decision of the Senate,
a decision which be invoked, as was his duty.
And I beg gentlemen, when they talk about
upholding the Constitution, to remember upon
a question of this kind, it is true, as the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Brooks] has stated,
that the Senate of the United States is the
tribunal of last resort, and from their judgment
there is no appeal save to the people who cre-
ated the Constitution and established the Sen-
ate of the United States. Let gentlemen and
the country consider not only the judgment of
the Senate upon the suspension of the Secre-
tary of War, but consider also the solemn judg-
ment of the Senate pronounced but yesterday
upon this act of removal, as follows :
In Executive Session,
Sexatk of the United States,
February 21,1868.
"Whereas, the Senate havo read ancl considered
the communication of tho President, stating that he
had removed Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of War,
and had designated tho Adjutant General of the
Army to act as Secretary of \V ar ad interim: There-
fore,
Resolved by the Senate of the United Stutes, That
under the Constitution and laws of tho United States
the President has no power to remove tho Secretary
of War and designate any other officer to perform
the duties of that officer ad inltrim.
Sir, neither the Supreme Court nor any other
court can question or review this judgment of
the Senate. To entertain such a doctrine as
that would be to inaugurate anarchy in the
name of the Constitution, under the Constitu-
tion, and by virtue of the Constitution. If that
be the character of that great instrument it is
not woi tli the paper on which it was written.
The Senate were compelled under this act
of 1867, by the President's official act, to pass
judgment upon the question whether the Sec-
retary of War was within the operation of the
act of 1867 ; whether the causes assigned by
the President for his suspension from office
were sufficient. The Senate deliberated upon it;
they pronounced their judgment upon it, and the
whole country is advised what that judgment
is, namely: that the President's reasons were
insufficient; and tliev solemnly decided that by
force of the act of 1807 Edwin M. Stanton was
the Secretary of War, the suspension of the
President to the contrary notwithstanding.
That judgment of the Senate the country
approves.
Now, sir, upon that state of the case it must
be apparent to the mind of every candid and
intelligent man that it was the duty of the
President to bow to this decision of the Sen-
ate; and if lie desired to signify his wish for
a change of the war officer, to make a nomina-
tion to the Senate, under the Constitution and
laws, of a successor to Mr. Stanton. That is
just what he refused to do; and in refusing to
do it, and taking the bold step of disregarding
theplain letter of the Constitution and the plain
letter of the act, the obligation and force of
which he had solemnly acknowledged, he has
dared to commit the offense defined in the
sixth section of that aet, and to challenge the
representatives of the people to bold him to
account for it.
The gentleman tells us to beware, beware,
beware. Beware of what, sir? To beware
of rendering a faithful obedience to our oaths
as the Representatives of the people? To
beware of taking the steps authorized by the
Constitution and demauded by the public
safety to put this usurper of authority and
criminal violator of public trusts oil trial be-
fore the only tribunal on earth authorized to
try hnii for his crimes? Did the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] not know when
he uttered his warning, and his great swelling
words about the Democratic party coming to
the rescue, that it is written in the Constitu-
tion of the country that the President and
Vice President, and every other civil officer
of the United States, shall be removed from
office upon impeachment for, and conviction
of, high crimes and misdemeanors ? Did be
not know that it is further written in the Con-
stitution that the Representatives of the peo-
ple shall have the sole power of impeachment;
that it is no divided power; that the sole power
should rest in the House of Representatives ?
Did he not know that it is written in the Con-
stitution that the Senate shall have the sole
powerto try impeachments? And yet he tells us
to beware, beware of putting the President on
trial. Beware, you Representatives of the peo-
ple, if mindful of your oaths, you faithfully dis-
charge the duty enjoined upon you by the Con-
stitution.
The gentleman assumed—and I thank him
for the assumption ; his warning would have
been wholly unintelligible without it—that this
is not the House of Representatives. He ven-
tured to say, in order to find some justification
for his significant words of warning, that this
was but a partial Congress. And yet he affects
to be the friend of the Constitution. I aver,
and I challenge contradiction of any man living
whose opinion is entitled to any respect, that a
partial Congress can neither impeach anybody
nor pass any law. It is a Congress composed
of a Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States, which alone, by the Consti-
tution, is vested with legislative power under
that great instrument. A partial Congress is
unknown to the Constitution. I protestagainst
the gentleman's pretended affection for the
Constitution when he stands here before the
country warning us against the discharge of our
duly, and in tho next breath, in order to justify
himself in his strange position, telling us that
we have no Congress. If we have no Congress
—if this be not the House of Representatives
of tho United States—of course our legislation
is void; if we have no Congress, but only a
partial Congress, of course the President of the
United States is not responsible for his usurpa-
tions and crimes in office to any tribunal on
earth by way of impeachment, nor can he be
held to answer for crimes by a proceeding in
impeachment by anybody, neither for what he
has done nor for whatever he may hereafter
do or attempt to do. If there be no Congress
to impeach and remove this recusant President,
there is no remedy left but for the great people
themselves to come to the rescue.
But, Mr. Speaker, I have said enough in reply
to that assertion of the gentleman. I undertake
to say that there is enough in the facts already
disclosed in the correspondence between the
President and the Secretary of War and his
appointee as Secretary ad interim, to justify
this House in drawing the inference—and in-
ference is for the grand inquest of the nation
—that the President of the United States was
by that act guilty of another crime under another
act of Congress additional to that defined in
the sixth section of the act of 1807. I refer
to the act of 1861, which makes it a high crime,
punishable by fine and imprisonment, for two
or more persons to conspire together by force
or by intimidation or by threat to attempt to
prevent any person from accepting or holding
any office under the United States. I under-
take to say that, upon a full investigation of
this case, the President of the United States
will be found to have been guilty, in conjunc-
tion with Lorenzo Thomas, of attempting, by
threats, by intimidation, and, if need be, by
force, to prevent the Secretary of War from
holding or executing the duties of the office
to which he had been appointed under the
Constitution, and to which he was entitled by
the solemn judgment of the Senate. That is
the position I assume in regard to this matter.
I say again that it pains me to make such an
utterance. If I had had control over the Pres-
ident so as to have been able to suspend the
operation of his faculties without doing vio-
lence to any of his rights as a man or a eiti-
zen I would have prevented him from uttering
any such word as that which he uttered to his
Adjutant General. It is fit in this discussion
that some facts not spread upon our record, but
which have come to the knowledge of your
committee, should be stated in debate for the
consideration of the House, for there may be
hereafter further inquiry touching it.
Mr. BROOKS. There are 110 facts that
have come to the knowledge of the committee
beyond its record. I do not know what fects
may have come to the knowledge of the gen-
tleman, but no facts came to the knowledge
of the committee beyond its record.
Mr. BINGHAM. I say facts which have
come to the knowledge of the committee and
which are not in the report. The gentleman
need not undertake to raise an issue of veracity
