1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2365
asking that duties on imported lumber be
changed from ad valorem to specific.
By Mr. HUMPHREY: The resolutions of
the Buffalo Board of Trade, recommending the
constructing of a ''straight cut" from Lake
Michigan to Mohoake river.
By Mr. O'NEILL: A memorial of the Board
of Trade of Philadelphia, urging the reduction
of the tax upon whisky to fifty cents per gal-
lon, and that the tax upon tobacco be levied
upon the plant.
By Mr. SITGREAVES: The petition to
establish a post route in New Jersey from
Neshanic, via Pleasant Valley and Rock Mills,
to Blamenburg.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May G, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. William Howe, of Boston,
Massachusetts.
impeachment of the president.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore called the
Senate to order, and at once vacated the chair
that it might be occupied by the Chief Justice.
The Senate, sitting for the trial of the
impeachment, having adjourned,
The Presidentpro tempore resumed the chair
at four o'clock'aud forty-five minutes p. m.
accounts of secretary of senate.
Mr. CRAGIN, from the Committee to Audit
and Control the Contingent Expenses of the
Senate, who were directed by a resolution of
the 15th of April to examine and investigate
the accounts of John W. Forney, Secretary of
the Senate, submitted a report, accompanied
by testimony and tabular statements, which
was ordered to be printed; and a motion by Mr.
Buckalew to print five hundred extra copies
was referred to the Committee on Printing.
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY, the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, May 6, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
By unanimous consent the reading of the
Journal of yesterday was dispensed with.
coast survey report.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary
of the Treasury, transmitting the Coast Survey
report for the year 1867; which was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution;
which was referred, under the law, to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Jlewlvecl, That there bo printed twenty-five hun-
dred copies extra of the report of tbe Superintend-
ent of the United States Coast Survey for the year
1867, of which one thousand shall be for distribution
by the Superintendent of the Coast Survey, and fif-
teen hundred for the use of the members of this
House.
order op business.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is,
Will the House consider the resolution offered
yesterday, as a question of privilege, by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Oaky?] On this
question the yeas and nays have been ordered;
and, as the taking of the yeas and nays will
consume some time, it will be postponed till
after the return of the House from the Senate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then it
is understood there will be business this after-
noon?
• The SPEAKER. Business will be trans-
acted on the return of the House to its Hall.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Idesireto
give notice that when the pending question
shall be disposed of I shall move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union to enable some gen-
tlemen to make speeches.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to say that I propose this afternoon to make a
personal explanation with reference to the sub-
ject embraced in the resolution of the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] which
was very properly laid on the table the other day.
impeachment of the president.
The SPEAKER. The hour of twelve o' clock
having arrived, the House will now resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole, accord-
ing to order, and proceed to the bar of the
Senate, following the managers and preceded
by the chairman of the Committee of the Whole,
who will be attended by the Clerk and acting
Doorkeeper. There will be business to be
transacted this afternoon upon the return of
the House from the Senate.
The House then resolved itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole, in obedience to the ordef,
and proceeded to the bar of the Senate.
At a quarter to four o'clock p. m. the
Speaker resumed the chair.
The SPEAKER. The House of Represent-
atives resumes its session.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr.
Speaker, I inquire whether it will be in order
for me to make report as chairman of the
Committee of the Whole?
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
rule under which the House has been acting.
It will be found in the Journal of the House
of March 20, 1868.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Mr. Bobtwell, from the board of managers in the
matter of t;he impeachment of the President of the
United States, the rules having been suspended for
that purpose, reported the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
"Resolved, That on the days when the Senate shall
ait for the trial of the President upon the articles of
impeachment exhibited by the House of Represent-
atives the House, in Committee of the Whole, will
attend with the managers at the bar of the Senate at
the hour named lor the commencement of the pro-
ceedings."
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that un-
der this resolution, the Senate having gone into
secret session in their own Chamber for delib-
eration, and it being impossible for the man-
agers and the House as in the Committee of the
Whole to attend at the bar of the Senate, it is
the duty of the House to return to its Hall, and
here, as the House of Representatives, to trans-
act business while waiting for any message
from the Senate after the doors of that body
have been reopened.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a point of
order.
The SPEAKER. It is the decision of the
Chair as to the action of the House ; does the
gentleman from Wisconsin take an appeal?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do notappeal, although
that decision covers a point of order that I de-
sired myself to raise. I notice that that reso-
lution prevents us from doing any business
while the Senate is in session considering the
question of impeachment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. _ I make the
point that the first thing to be done is to receive
the report of the Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide one
point at a time.
The Chair decides on the point raised by the
gentleman from Wisconsin that the resolution
says in express terms that the House shall at-
tend with its managers at the bar ot the Senate,
which, of course, it can only do when the doors
are reopened.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, allow me
for a moment. .
The SPEAKER. Wait until the Chair has
finished, and he will then allow the gentleman.
The Chair gave notice before the House went
to the Senate that on its return business would
be transacted. The House of Representatives
cannot be expected to be in an ante-room of
the Senate. They are in attendance at the bar
of the Senate or in their own Hall; and there-
fore the Chair rules that, as the doors of the
Senate were closed upon the House and it was
impossible for the House to be in attendance
at the bar of the Senate, the House resumed its
session in its own Hall.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Allow me to suggest a
fact; and, sir, I do so without any intention of
any disrespect to the Chair, or any disposition
to resist any decision which the Chair may
make, and without any purpose to appeal from
the decision of the Chair. I was in the Senate
when the order was made which convened them
in secret session, and I understood it to be
simply this, that the Senate would then con-
sider in secret session the pending question.
That question may be determined in five min-
utes, and the doors of the Senate may then be
thrown open, and under the order of the House
the House may then be required to be in at-
tendance at the bar of the Senate. I insist,
therefore, that this House cannot, under the cir-
cumstances, do any business now without vio-
lation of its own order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Wisconsin that he accepts
his suggestion that the point is not made with
any intent or desire to differ with the Chair.
The Chair took some time to examine this res-
olution, and after consultation with others who
are excellent parliamentarians he has no doubt
of the fact in his own mind that while the
Senate is engaged in secret deliberation for one
or four and twenty hours it could not be ex-
pected or required of the House to remain in
the Senate corridors,.and the Speaker, as rep-
resenting the House, could not consent to it
without the direct order of the House. The
Chair therefore thinks, the order having been
made before the House proceeded to the Sen-
ate, that when the House returns business
should be transacted ; and the Senate having
excluded the House from its Chamber, as it
has a right to do under its rules, the House
must therefore return to the Hall and await a
message from the Senate.
lvlr. ELDRIDGE. In case the Senate should
open its doors again to the House, or if its
doors should now be open, I would inquire
whether this House can be considered as in
session when by our own order we are sup-
posed to be in the presence of the Senate.
The SPEAKER. That is exactly the point
upon which the Chair differs with the gentle-
man—that the House cannot be supposed to
be, even theoretically, at the bar of the Senate
when it is excluded. The House of Repre-
sentatives, if itexistsat all, must be somewhere.
Mr. ROBINSON. I rise for the purpose of
getting a ruling from the Chair. I move that
we now adjourn. That will bring up the ques-
tion upon which I desire the ruling of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. A motion to adjourn ad-
mits of no point of order; it must be decided
by a vote ot the House if the Speaker enter-
tains it. But the Chair first entertains the
report of the chairman of the Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. ROBINSON. The chairman of the
Committee of the Whole has the floor, I be-
lieve.
The SPEAKER. He has, and is waiting
the conclusion of the point of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, made the
following report: The Committee of the Whole
have, accordin'gto order, attended the managers
to the bar of the Senate, silting as a court of
impeachment for the trial of Andrew Johnson ;
and the argument having been closed and the
Senate having ordered its doors to be shut for
deliberation, the committee thereupon returned
with the managers to the Hall of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will noweii-
tertain the motion of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Robixsox.]
Mr. ROBINSON. For the purpose of rais-
ing the question whether we have a regular
session of the House I move that we do now
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. Pending that motion the
Chair desires to lay before the House some
executive communications.
union pacific railroad.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting a report
of the President of the Union Pacific Railroad
Company, eastern division, for the years 1862,
1863, 1864,1865, and 1866. in compliance with
