THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
your proceeding to try him. I shall not argue
the question I have just suggested, for, in view
of the almost unanimous vote against the res-
olution of Senator Davis, I think it would be
an idle consumption of time to do so. I only
advert to it so that I may place upon record
this fact.
I say that, although the President and one,
at least, of his counsel entertained this opin-
ion, and doubt whether the House of Repre-
sentatives, as organized, has the right to pre-
sent the charges, or the Senate, as organized,
has the right to try them under the Constitu-
tion, which says that " no Slate shall be de-
prived of its equal suffrage in the Senate," yet
the President, instead of resorting to war, the
President, instead of resorting to any of those
acts of arbitrary tyranny and oppression which
are resorted to by the ambitious man such as
he is described to be, has come here; and
while he states the objection, through me, at
least, as one of his counsel, yet, in a peaceable
manner, in a quiet manner, he .submits this
question, as well as all others, to be judged
by the Senate of the United States in its pres-
ent organization. And will you not at least
give him credit for some degree of forbear-
ance? When gentlemen talk of his being a
tyrant and a usurper, when they talk of his
object and purpose in sending for General
Emory, Senators, do they prove any improper
design upon his part? None on the. face of
the earth.
in this state of things, when the whole coun-
try was agitated and excited; when men's
minds were aroused everywhere in the unfortu-
nate division of parties in the United States to
such an extent that they were offering troops
on the one hand to sustain Congress and troops
on the other hand to sustain the President, and
when the General of the Army and the Presi-
dent had differed in their opinions, I maintain
that the very fact that the President has done
nothing of a military character shows that ho
had no intention to do the acts which are im-
puted to him. But when he saw these dis-
patches, when he knew that there was a differ-
ence between General Grant and himself, when
he knew that there were persons sending dis-
patches through the newspapers, Governors, it
was said, and leading men in the various States,
as to how they would stand up to the Congress
of the United States in this controversy, it was
natural, right, proper, within the legitimate
scope of the powers conferred upon him by
the Constitution, that he should send for this
officer, that he should inquire what was the
meaning of these new troops that were brought
into the city of Washington.
He had a right to do it, and the fact that he
did do it is no evidence of any unlawful inten-
tion or design upon his part: but it proves that
he was endeavoring to understand, as it was
his duty to understand as the Commander-in-
Chief of the Army of the United States, what
was the meaning of the introduction of these
forces. How did he know but that General
Grant in the progress of this quarrel might
attempt to assume the powers of a military
dictator? How did he know but that General
Grant might be endeavoring to envelope to
surround him by troops and to have him ar-
rested? Had he not a right to send for an
officer? Had he not a right to inquire into
the introduction of these military forces here?
When lie found that it was only a trivial force,
when he found that there was no particular
design on the part of unybody to violate the
Constitution of the United States, his inquiry
stopped ; no effort was made upon his part to
gather an Army or to rally a force to go to war
with the Congress of the United States, but he
retains counsel, comes here by his counsel,
and in a peaceful manner submits himself to
the judgment of the American Senate. I said
it to you on the first day that his counsel ap-
peared here, that the history of the whole
world does not furnish anything in moral sub-
limity and grandeur surpassing the trial in
which you are now engaged.
I said then, and 1 repeat it now, that I was
delighted and rejoiced to see that this unfor-
tunate controversy was taking this turn. I re-
gretted that any such controversy had origin-
ated , regretted that there was any such unhappy
difference of opinion betwe'en the Congress of
the United States and the President; but in
view of these red-hot dispatches that, were pour-
ing in upon both sides from every quarter of
the United States, I did felicitate my country
and I felicitated you upon the thought that the
President of the United States had come here
through his counsel and that he was willing to
abide the arbitrament of the American Senate,
the sworn men of the Constitution, the judges
of your own constitutional powers. You judge
as any other court judges that undertakes to
determine the question of its jurisdiction. Let
you judge for yourselves whether you have the
constitutional power to try him. He comes
before you in this peaceable and quiet mode;
and I maintain, Senators, that he is not justly
chargeable with the imputations that are made
against him, and that his conduct is a full
answer to the entire argument that has been
made by the gentlemen upon the other side.
Xliey may impute motives ; they may say just
as much as they please about the conversation
with General Emory or anybody else; the
President has brought no force here; he has
not attempted in any manner whatever to over-
awe Congress; he has not attempted in any
manner whatever-to plunge this country into a
revolution ; he has acted peaceably and quietly,
and the imputations that are made against him,
as I insist, have no just foundation in the facts
of the case. All the testimony shows—I shall
not go into it in detail—that the President of
the United States had it in view to have this
question settled in a peaceable and amicable
mode, that he contemplated no force, but de-
signed that it should go before the Supreme
Court.
The tenth article charges the President with
making intemperate, scandalous, and inflam-
matory harangues and uttering loud threats
and bitter menaces against Congress and the
laws of the United States, which are particu-
larly indecent and unbecoming in the Chief
Magistrate of the United States, and have
brought the high office of President into con-
tempt, ridicule, and disgrace. The charge is
that he did this and was guilty of a high mis-
demeanor in office; and the article specifies
three speeches—one at the Executive Mansion,
one at, Cleveland, and one at St.. Louis.
A great deal of testimony has been taken
about those speeches, i might make an argu-
ment as to whether they are faithful represen-
tations of what the President said or not. I
shall not weary your patience after having
delayed you so long with any argument upon
that point.
The answer says that the first amendment
of the Constitution provides that •' Congress
shall make no law abridging the freedom of
speech or of the press." "Freedom" is de-
fined to be personal and private; "liberty"
to be public. We say, therefore, that this is
a personal right in the President as a citizen.
I say further that his speeches were not offi-
cial, like his communications to Congress, but
were private and personal and in answer to the
call of his fellow-citizens.
Ten years ago it would have struck the
American people with astonishment that such
a charge should be preferred against the Pres-
ident of the United States. Almost from my
boyhood down to the commencement of the
war I have heard politicians talking time and
again about what was known as the old sedition
law ; and if there ever was anything that stunk
in the nostrils of the American people it was
what was called the sedition law, the object of
which was to prevent the publication of matter
that might affect the President or the Govern-
ment of the United States. We in this coun-
try like to exercise the freedom of speech. Our
fathers guarantied it to us in the Constitution,
and, like the liberty of the press, which is also
another cherished right dear to every American
citizen, we like to have the largest liberty in
the exercise of the right. The American, peo-
pie have been accustomed to it ever sittce they
were a nation ; and it is a great deal better to
tolerate even impropriety and indecency'of
speech, and to_ tolerate the licentiousness 6f
the press, than it is to impose suelt restrictions'
as are imposed in other countries. Public
opinion, as a general'rule, will regulateand con-
trol the indecency of speech, "and it will regit1
late and_ control the licentiousness of the press.
If public opinion does not do it as a-general
rule, in a great many cases the arm of the.law
is long enough and it is strong enough to apply
any corrective that may be necessary.
Bntthe American people love to exercise the',
freedom of speech; and let it be known and
remembered always that great as the powers of
Congress may be, great as the powers of the
President of the United States are, there isin
a technical sense a body of men who have ever
been admitted by all politicians and public men
in the United States to be the sovereigns, the
masters of both; that is, the people; they are
the common constituents of Congress and of
thePresident. Members of Congress have the
right to speak and to talk with perfect freedom
of the conduct of the President, and, as we
maintain, the President in turn lias the right
to "carry the war into Africa," and to speak
about Congress whenever he is assailed; and
if ho does this in his private intercourse with
the citizens of the U nited States, not in official
intercourse, he has just the same right to do it
that any other citizen has in our Government;
and whenever you destroy the right of the
President of the United States to defend him-
self against charges that may be made against
him either in Congress or out of Congress, then
you put the President at the feet of Congress
and you destroy that independence which was
intended by the Constitution to be secured to
each of the coordinate departments of the Gov-
ernment in their appropriate sphere.
It was intended that the legislative depart-
ment should be independent here and within
the circle of its appropriate duties; that the
judicial department should be, in like manner,
independent in the exercise of the functions
and powers properly and appropriately belong-
ing to it, and that the President of the United
States, as to all executive matters, should be
equally independent, both of the judiciary and
of the Congress of the United States; and to
hold otherwise is to enable Congress, as we
insist, to monopolize all the powers of the
Constitution and to become ultimately a des-
potism such as never was contemplated by the
fathers.
Now, Senators, I do not intend to go mi-
nutely into this question, for I desire to close
my remarks this evening, if you will have the
patience to hear me to a close, and I shall try
to close them at as early a period asl can. I do
not intend to go minutely into the discussion
of this question ; but I have to say in regard
to the President of the United States just as I
said in regard to the House of Representatives :
he is a mortal man ; he is made of flesh and
blood. The President of the United States
has temper, passion, just like any other man.
When things are said about him in Congress or
anywhere else, pray let us know why it is that
he may not defend himself. I believe it was
the 31st of January, 1866, but I may be mis-
taken in the date, when the venerable leader,
as he is called, of the House of Representa-
tives, who had opposed the President's nomi-
nation at Baltimore, and who, if I am not mis-
taken in the history of the country, had insisted
there that the President was out of the United
States, who never did favor him under any
circumstances whatever, spoke in the House
of Representatives of Charles I.
This was a few days before the President
made one of the speeches that he has made in
the course of this controversy. The President
made a speech at the Executive Mansion on
the 22d of February, I860, in which he alluded
to that, and in which he treated it as a sort o,f
invitation to assassination. That imputation
I so far as I know, was never wticeel Vy
