2366
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
May 6,
House resolution of February 4, 1868; which
was ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
light-house ON delaware bay.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a, communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting a
report from the Light-House Board, relative to
the erection of a permanent light-house on
Crossledge shoal, in Delaware bay; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
order op business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
if the House adjourns it could not respond to
an invitation of the Senate to return, if the
doors should be reopened. A majority of the
House can, however, adjourn.
Mr. ROBINSON. At the request of several
gentlemen I withdraw the motion to adjourn.
Mr. ROSS. Have we not executed the order
of the House in regard to attending the im-
peachment trial?
The SPEAKER. That is not properly be-
fore the House now.
Mr. ROSS. I think we are through, myself.
The SPEAKER. The pending question be-
fore the House is, Will the House now consider
the resolution of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Cabt?] but the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Stevens] asks unanimous consent
to make a personal explanation.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. For how long a time?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. 1 will
not take long.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I only desire to know
how long.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Say ten
minutes.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Yesterday I asked for five
minutes and the House refused. But 1 will not
insist upon any such rule.
Mr. RANDALL. Idesiretoaska question.
Yesterday wlnn we adjourned the yeas and
nays were ordered on the motion of the gentle-
man from Oiiio [Mr. Gary] in reference to
withdrawing the tenth article of impeachment.
It seems to me this order cannot be interrupted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so stated; but
the gentleman from Pennsylvania asks unani-
mous consent to make a personal explanation.
Mr. RANDALL. I have no objection.
Mr. CARY. Will that carry over my reso-
lution ?
The SPEAKER. It will not. The motion
of the gentleman from Ohio will be the next
thing ii order after the personal explanation.
It will not lose its place. Is there objection to
the gentleman frora Pennsylvania having ten
minutes for personal explanation? The Chair
hears no objection.
personal explanation.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, personal explanations are not ts my
taste; but in the case of AltaVela, my co-
managers having deemed it their duty to ex-
plain, it may be thought a suspicions circum-
stance that I have not done so. When that
question was before the House it was laid on
the table before it reached me. I will now
briefly state all I know of the matter.
Some time early in the session some person,
whose name I do not recollect, asked me what
was the law of nations in case the citizens of
one country were in the quiet possession of an
island and had been forcibly ejected by another
nation ill behalf of other claimants. I had not
forgotten the heated discussion which took
place relative to the Falkland islands, a pile
of barren rocks of no value, except so far as
the national honor was concerned: and I an-
swered that the nation whose citizens had been
forcibly ejected would be justified in reinstating
them, so that the}' might settle their title in
the ordinary way. I declined to give a written
opinion, as I was not in the practice of the law.
1 beard no more of the subject until about
two months ago. General GaiiField called
at my seat with a paper or letter which he said
was a copy of the opinion I had given, and
asked me if I would sign it. I took it without
reading and put my name to it with others. 1
did not then know its contents, but having
since read it I have nothing to retract. I never
heard of it any more until within a few weeks,
when it was produced in the Senate by Mr.
Nelson, one of the counsel for the President.
At the time I signed it I had no idea it was to
be taken to the President, nor had I any idea
that Judge Black or his son had anything to
do with it. Had I known that fact, however,
it would not have altered my action. I have
known Judge Black for more than thirty years,
and, aside from his unfortunate polities, 1 have
known him to be a very able and honorable
lawyer and upright judge, who hashardly been
equaled by any member of the bench.
This letter, I find, was written by General
Butler to J. VV. Shaffer; when written I do not
know. I signed a copy sometime afterward.
It simply gives his opinion as to the right of
regaining possession of Alta Vela. It is no
where addressed to the President or any of
his counsel, or to any member of his_Govern-
ment. It makes no allusion to the impeach-
ment, nor does it contain any insinuation of
clemency on any condition. If it was ever
shown to him, bis counsel, or Cabinet, it was
without the sanction of the writers, at least so
far as I am concerned. What, then, had this
letter to do with the prosecution which Mr.
Nelson was discussing? It was not addressed
to the President, his advisers, or kindred, did
not make the most distant reference to any one
of the charges in the articles of impeachment;
nor could it be construed by any honest man
to have any connection or bearing upon the
prosecution. It had not been given in evi-
dence, nor referred to until some days after
the testimony was closed, and when counsel
were summing up. 1 think no honorable man
would liave used it to assail the motives of
brother counsel, as it was dragged in irrele-
vantly and illegally.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania that parlia-
mentary rules prohibit unfavorable discussion
in regard to what transpires in the other Cham-
ber—the Senate Chamber. The Chair, there-
fore, does not think that these remarks are
parliamentary.
Mr. GrETZ. I hope the gentleman will be
allowed to proceed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does this out
of respect for the other branch of Congress,
which might complain of personal strictures
here on what occurred there.
Mr. BANKS. I would suggest to the
Speaker that this is a matter which transpired
in the presence of both Houses, and, there-
fore, may very properly be alluded to in this
Chamber.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I only hope some one
will be allowed to respond in regard to such
facts as they think are misstated.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I hope
so. I did not intend to misstate any facts.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevkns ) will proceed, there be-
ing no objection.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, I was saying that when I look at the
speech of the gentleman I can easily forgive
him. His speech does not profess to touch
the question of impeachment. It lumbers
through two mortal days, and thinly veneers
a very great number of subjects, lying in differ-
ent hemispheres, but never touches the ques-
tion at issue. How, then, could ho avoid be-
daubing ns in his greasy career?
Mr. MUNGEN. Mr. Speaker  
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not think
these remarks are within the parliamentary law.
Mr. BROOKS. Oh, let them go on.
Mr. RANDALL. They only hit back.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I hare
nothing to say  
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Under the ruling
of the Chair, I object.
Mr. ARNI5LL. And I object*
Mr. HIGBY. And so do I.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I suggest, to the
Chair that this has nothing to do with the Sen-
ate or with anything that has taken place in the
Senate, but iti the court.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I sug-
gest that this thing did not take place in the
Senate, but in open court.
The SPEAKER. As soon as the Chair can
turn to the parliamentary rule i.i the Digest
he will have it read.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I suppose that the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania intends to withdraw
the tenth article of impeachment.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I intend
to withdraw everything that is unparliamentary.
This was an assault made upon us by a coun-
sel, and not by a member of either branch of
the Legislature. I therefore supposed I had
a right to answer, as an individual, his attack
as an individual upon me.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I thought the language
was very much like that referred to in the
tenth article of impeachmen^against the Pres-
ident. It was for that reason I suggested what
I did. His " greasy career" sounds to me a
great deal like " swinging around the circle,"
and "on the verge of the Government."
The SPEAKER. The Chair will have the
rulefrom page 77 of the Manual, in the Digest,
read by the Clerk. The Chair desires to pre-
serve the courtesy between the two branches
of Congress. The Senate are sitting, under
their constitutional power, as a court to try
the pending impeachment. It is the Senate
of the United States with a presiding officer
called in, because the President himself is on
trial. But as was held by the managers during
the trial, and correctly in the opinion of the
Chair, it is "still the Senate of the United
States," though engaged in trying the President.
Mr. FARN'SWORTH. Mr. Nelson is not
a Senator.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
rule.
The Clerk read as follows:
" It is a breach of order iu debate to notice what
hns been said on the samesubjeetiii theother House,
or the particular votes or majority on >t there; bo-
cause the opinion of each ilouso should be left to its
own independency, not to bo influenced by the pro-
ceedings of tlio other; and the quoting tbem might
beget reflections leading to a misunderstanding be-
tween the two Houses."
The SPEAKER. The object of this rule as
laid down by Grey—the Chair has not May's
Parliamentary Practice now before him to re-
fer to—the object is that there may be a good
understanding and courtesy between the two
branches which together form the Congress.
Mr. MULLINS. Mr. Speaker, I desire 
The SPEAKER. If thegentleman can wait,
the Chair will conclude what he was saying.
Mr. MULLINS. I can and will wait with
pleasure.
The SPEAKER. This is a subject upon,
which the Chair is compelled to rule. The
House will see at once that if remarks of this
character can be made in the House of Repre-
sentatives, ill regard to what has transpired in
the Senate, sitting for the trial of the President,
remarks of equally as severe a character may
be made by Senators as to the conduct of the
House, its Speaker, its chairman, its man-
agers, or any one else connected with this trial
the inevitable result of which would be, as Grey
states, to make " misunderstanding between
the two branches." The Chair therefore thinks
that these remarks do not come within the
parliamentary rule.
The Chair "understands that the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Mullins] desires to make
some statementm connection with this subject:
I'f wt™. T Jl?ve p'easure in hearing.
•a i ^-.^-kkTjNS. I have ever been an indi-
yidual disposed to abide by rules, well know-
ing that no parliamentary body can be kept in
loiv bt rUt es 5 n0rcan any deliberative
bodj, let alone any parliamentary body, be
kept ,n bounds without rules. I um ant/ ever
lia\e been willing to conform to them. And
P MrnELDRmrgTfStTaU idea> tighter.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I IHOVe that th £ J
