90&"
SUPPLEMENT TO
venerable Manager in the House of Represent-
atives. at all. Other members of Congress
assailed him. You had the right to do it, a
perfect right to do it, in the exercise of that
freedom of speech aad of that power of delib-
eration that belonged to you, a perfect right to
say anything you pleased of the President of
the United States.
But when these things were said by members
of Congress, when they were published and
circulated all over the land, spread broadcast
in the newspapers, what is there in the Con-
stitution, what is there in the position of the
President of the United States, that ties his
hands and prevents him from exercising the
ordinary right of self-defense that belongs to
any other citizen of the land? I admit that
the President of the United States in a com-
munication made officially to Congress ought
to observe proper decorum, that he ought to
observe that amenity of expression, if I may
use such a phrase, as should be employed in
the intercourse between one department of the
Government and another; but I maintain that
when Andrew Johnson makes a tour from
Washington city to Chicago and Cleveland and
St. Louis and Cincinnati, and returns to the
city of Washington, lie is nothing but a private
citizen.
To be sure, be is President of the United
States; but nothing in the Constitution, noth-
ing in the laws of the land, undertakes to reg-
ulate his movementsundersuch circumstances.
He goes as a private citizen; and when he
goes, if he is called out to make a speech as
he was called out to make it by the people,
and lie chooses to answer the call, and if some
severe philippics have been uttered against him
by members of Congress, and he eliooses to
answer them ; if members of Congress have
insisted in the strongest sort of terms on their
right to hold this doctrine or that doctrine or
the other doctrine, why may not the President
of the United States answer these tilings in
the same way, appealing as lie does to the
people, who are the common constituents of
both'/ Who would deny to any Senator or
any Representative the right when he goes
home, or when he goes anywhere else within
the limits of the magnificent territory that now
constitutes the United States of America—who
would have the assurance and the presumption
to deny the power of any one of yon, either in
what is ordinarily called a stump speech or in
any other mode of communication, to assail the
conduct of the President of the United Stales?
Why, Senators, this very thing of the freedom
of discussion, although in healed political con-
tests it is often carried to an improper extent,
is the very life and salvation of the Republic.
This thing of having parties in our land, al-
though party spirit seems to have culminated
in some of those dangers which were appre-
hended by Washington in his Farewell Ad-
dress, and having parties a little more equally
divided than they have been within the last
three or four years in the United States, is
essential to the preservation of the liberty of
the American citizen. When parties are nearlv
equally balanced they watch each other, ani
they are sedulously cautious in regard to any-
thing that may violate the Constitution of the
United Slates.
I will not, as [ have said, go minutely into
the testimony on this matter; but I believe it
has been proved, in regard to every one of those
occasions, that it was an occasion sought not
by the President, but by others. It is fresh in
your recollection that when Mr. Senator Jons-
sox and others called upon the President at the
Executive Mansion they called upon him in
their character of citizens, and he replied to
il.em as he had a right to reply to them. When
ho went to Cleveland the proof shows that he did
not desire to do anything more than to make a
brief salutation to the people and leave them,
but, he was urged by his friends to do more ;
and I think it, very likely, Senators, from my
knowledge—and I am appealing to your own
knowledge of the manner in which things are
done in our country—1 think it very likel v, from
the circumstances which are detailed here in
evidence, and especially from the report of the
speech itself, that there was a mob there at
Cleveland, ready cut and dried, and prepared
to insult and to assail the President of the
United States in the manner they did do and
to prevent him, if possible, from being heard.
So, when they gave him provocation, he re-
plied just as any other man would do and just
as any other man had the right to do ; and if
he did make use of strong expressions in re-
gard to the Congress of the United States, his
expressions were not stronger than he had the
right to use. Without discussing the question
who was right or who was wrong, and insisting
as I do upon the freedom of speech, I maintain
this. So when he went to St. Louis he was
again urged by his friends, according to the
testimony, to go out and address the people.
He had no desire to do so ; he was urged
and urged again by his friends, under whose
control he had placed himself, to go there and
answer their call; and is it not natural in a
free Government like ours that the President
of the United States should associate with the
people ; and when they rqake a call on him to
address them is there anything improper and
unreasonable in his doing it? Andif when he
addresses them a prepared mob intends to in-
sult him; if they excite his passions, as the
passions of any man would be excited under
the circumstances, and lie answers them a little
intemperately and somewhat in their own way,
speaks about the Congress of the United States
pretty freely, pray tell us what sort of treason
is committed? Does the Congress ofthe United
States hold itself up so far above the Presi-
dent and the people of the United States as to
say that your acts are not subject to criticism
either by the President or by anybody else that
chooses to criticise them? 1 toll you, Senators,
we have not got that far yet. The President,
any citizen of the United States of America,
from the President down to the humblest citi-
zen, has the right to criticise any act of Con-
gress that he chooses to criticise, and he has
the right to speak of any act of Congress in
any mode that he sees proper to speak; and
if the people will tolerate it there is no law
and nothing in the Constitution to prevent it;
and if this power of free speech, as I said be-
fore, is improperly exercised, then the correct-
ive must be in the people themselves. So I
say that one of the greatest rights secured to
the people under the Constitution of this coun-
try would be invaded if this article was sus-
tained.
The eleventh article charges that 011 the 18th
of August, 1800, the defendant asserted that the
Thirty-Ninth Congress was not a lawful Con-
gress, denied that it had the right to recom-
mend constitutional amendments, and in. pur-
suance thereof removed Stanton on the 21st
of February, 1808, to prevent the execution of
the tenure-of'-eivil-office act, and to prevent
the execution of the Army appropriation bill,
and prevent the execution of the act for the
more efficient government, of the rebel States.
The honorable .Manager, Mr. Bbtugr, referred
to the President's admission that he attempted
to prevail on General Grant to disobey the
law,_ to his admission that he intended from
the lirst to oust Mr. Stanton, his order to Grant
not to recognize Stanton, his order to Thomas
to take possession, &c. In answer to all this
I have to say that the honorable Manager ad-
mits that if the Senate shall have decided that
all the acts charged in the preceding articles
are justified by law, then so large a part of the
intent and purpose with which the respondent
is charged in this article would fail of proof
that it would be difficult to say whether he
might not wilh equal impunity violate the laws
known as the reconstruction acts; and as wo
have shown that the President is entitled to an
acquittal on the other charges, he must be en-
titled to a judgment or verdict of not guilty
upon this. But we say that none of the acts
charged amount to a high crime or misde-
meanor; that he had the right to deny the
authority of Congress as he had previously
done in his messages. I have them here, but
I shall not turn to them.
Time and again the President, in his veto
messages especially, has asserted, in his com-
munications to Congress, his views and opin-
ions as to the rights of the southern States
that are excluded from representation ; and
although the phraseology is a little more courtly
and elegant in the messages than it was in the
several speeches which have been referred to,
yet, so far as the substance is concerned, the
President, in almost every one of those com-
munications, has asserted his belief that the
southern States are entitled to representation,
and that they ought not to be excluded by Con-
gress.
We say that none of the acts charged amount
to a high crime or misdemeanor ; that he had
the right to deny the authority of Congress as
he had previously done in hi3 messages; that
he had the right, as President, to instruct Gen-
eral Grant, who is his subordinate, bound to
obey his commands, to disobey a law which he
believed to be unconstitutional, or test its va-
lidity in the courts of law ; that he had the right
to remove Stanton and to order Thomas to
take possession of the War Office; that he had
the right to differ in opinion with Congress,
and to answer the telegraphic dispatch of Gov-
ernor Parsons as he did.
I ask, have not members of Congress during
all Administrations, commencing with the Ad-
ministration of General Washington, been ac-
customed to assail the measures of every Pres-
ident, both in Congress and out of it? And
may not the President vindicate and endeavor
to sustain his own views before the people in
opposition to Congress? And can lie not with
propriety say to members of Congress when
they oppose his views, "You are assailing the
executive department," with just as much pro-
priety as they can say that he is assailing the
legislative department ? The obligation to sup-
port the Constitution is equally obligatory on
both, and both have the right under this and
all other circumstances to appeal to their com-
mon sovereigns, the people, with a view of
procuring a final and authoritative settlement
of the controversy.
Senators, I had intended to notice, and I will
now, with your indulgence, very briefly notice,
one or two of the observations of the honor-
able Manager who last addressed you. He said
that the President's object was to obtain con-
trol of the Army and Navy, and regulate the
elections of 1808 in the ten southern States, so
as to let the rebels exercise the elective fran-
chise and exclude negroes from voting. What
authority in the proof in this case had the hon-
orable gentleman upon which to make that
assertion? lie said that the South had been
given up to rapine, bloodshed, and murder by
the President's policy. Why, Senators, under
whose control is the South? Is not the South
under the control of Congress ? Is it not under
the control of Army officers appointed by the
President of the United States in pursuance of
an act of Congress which he had attempted to
veto? And who was responsible for this? I
live in the South ; and the statement which I
am about to make w>ll go just for what you
think it is worth, much or little; but my ob-
servation ever since the close of the war is,
that although there lias been a bad state of
things in some portions of the southern States,
nine tenths of the murders and assassinations
that have been reported in the newspapers and
talked about here in Congress are made to
order, got up for political effect, with a view
of keeping up agitation and excitement, and
that there is no warrant or foundation for the
charge that the President has given up the
South to any such condition of affairs.
It has been said, Senators, that the Presi-
dent takes the place of Charles I and Stanton
the place of John Hampden. I am glad that
the Manager did some justice to Mr. Stanton
before he got through. He placed hiiu in the
condition of a " serf," as I showed you awhile
ago, and I am glad that he wound up with Mr.
Stanton by showing or asserting that he was
