1342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
with me, for I will not consent that any such
issue shall be made. I do not know whether
the gentleman was present or not—the com-
mittee might exist whether he was there or
absent—but I do say that facts came to the
knowledge of the committee about the truth
of which those who heard them, I presume,
have no doubt whatever.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; not at present;
I must decline to yield. I say facts came to
the knowledge of the committee about which,
I apprehend, no doubt exists in the mind of
any gentleman who heard them that on this
very day, and before the committee reported,
Adjutant General Thomas, declaring that he
acted under the orders of the President, ap-
peared in person at the War Office; demanded
a surrender of the office; notified the Secretary
of War that he would not obey his orders; noti-
fied him that he would not recognize him as
Secretary of War; notified him that he held
himself to be Secretary of War; notified him
that he would retain the place and not retire
to his own office; notified him that he would
take possession of the mails for the War De-
partment ; and all this by the order of the
President.
Mr. BROOKS. Now I appeal to the gen-
tleman to yield to me.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will hear the gentleman
now.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not doubt the gentle-
man's veracity. I have too much respect for
him to doubt his veracity. All I have to say
upon that subject is, that I was present from
the beginning to the end of the session of the
committee, and such facts never were laid
before me or before my colleague from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Beck.] I do not think such facts
have been proven before the committee. Cer-
tainly it is the first I ever heard of them.
Mr. BINGHAM. They arenot yetswornto.
Mr. KERR. Then they are not facts.
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, facts may exist with-
out being sworn to.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Was there proof before
the committee of the facts which the gentleman
has stated ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I stated before that I did
not claim they were proofs, but facts may
exist although not proved by any method what-
ever known to the courts of justice. I did not
offer it as evidence. I stated that it was fit
these facts should be communicated to the
House.
I state that there was a member of the House
present who heard this communication of the
Adjutant General in the War Office, and who
made this matter known to the committee, I
have the right to believe that his statement was
true. And I go a step farther: I undertake
to say, not upon any fact proved before the
committee, but upon knowledge that has been
communicated to me through original sources,
that this appointee of the President was giving
it out in the streets of your capital on yester-
day that on this day he would demand a sur-
render of the War Office, and if it were refused
and the doors closed against him lje would take
it by force.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman yield
to an inquirv?
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] if lie is going to insist or
ask this House to act upon the rumors that are
afloat in the streets of Washington, and which
he states here, in his capacity of a member of a
judicial body, to decide upon so grave a ques-
tion as is presented here for this House to con-
sider? Will he, as a lawyer—and I have no
doubt he is a good lawyer—say that this House
has the right to act, and ought to act, upon
upon idle rumors that float around the capital
upon no responsible authority ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not ask the House
to act upon anything but matter of record.
But I claim for myself the right to say all that
I am informed of touching this matter, as a
Representative of the people, and as a mem-
ber of this grand inquest, notifying the gentle-
man that the House, after it shall have acted
upon the resolution now before it, is not con-
cluded, but, standing upon precedents which
no man can challenge, may authorize its com-
mittee to inquire further of the guilt of this
great criminal, and to take further and addi-
tional testimony in support of such articles of
impeachment as they may hereafter present
and consider in the House and present at the
bar of the Senate.
Mr. Speaker, I would consider myself faith-
less to my duty, having information of these
facts, if I did not state them to the House.
I am ready to produce the witnesses, for 1 have
no doubt of their character and integrity or
of the truthfulness of their statements.
Mr. BARNES. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir, not now; please
excuse me. Sir, with facts like these before
us, there is but one course for the House of
Representatives to pursue. The President,
first having recognized the obligation of the law
of 1807, and having availed himsef of its pro-
visions, making a suspension which he was not
authorized to make and never could have made
but by force of that law, reporting his reasons
to the Senate, and submitting to the judgment
of the Senate under the same law, the Senate
overruling him and restoring the Secretary of
War, giving him a certified copy of their pro-
ceedings, deciding that the Secretary of War
was by force of this statute restored to his
office—the President now comes in here and
tells us, and tells the country that ho is to
construe the Constitution for himself; and his
advocate takes his place upon this floor and
reiterates the offensive assumption of the Pres-
ident, declaring that it is the right of the Presi-
dent to determine for himself the constitution-
ality of every act we pass, and to reject, disobey,
or repeal it at his pleasure, and in defiance of
the power of Congress. The law-making
power is the supreme power of the Republic,
and its acts may only be reviewed by the civil
tribunals of justice. Your Constitution nowhere
gives to the President the power claimed to
defy and repeal the laws of Congress at his
pleasure.
Sir, I protest that the Constitution is no such
weak and wicked invention. Why, sir, the
highway robber or murderer might as we'll arro-
gate to himself the power to construe the Con-
stitution or laws of your country as he pleases,
and proceed in his unholy work of robbery
and murder, and interpose the plea to the
jurisdiction of your courts of justice that he
is a law to himself, lhat he is to obey theConsti-
tution and laws only as he understands them.
The President of the United States has no color
of excuse for assuming any such position. Does
not the gentleman know that there is no room
for argument on the subject, in the light of the
Constitution itself and its plain and clear words,
wherein it is provided that the judgment of
the President as to the unconstitutionality of
an enactment of Congress is exhausted by
the cxercise of his veto power—a power vested
in liiin by the Constitution. I notice that the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] ex-
presses his dissent. I beg the gentleman to
ponder upon the clear words of the Constitu-
tion, and see how he can get away from them.
The language of it is that—•
"Every bill which shall have passed the House of
Representatives and the Senate shall, before it be-
come a law, be presented to tho President of the
United States: if he approve he shall sign it, but if
not he shall return it, with his objections, to that
House in which it shall have originated, who shall
enter tho objections at large on their journal, and
proceed to reconsider it. If, after such reconsidera-
tion, two thirds of that House shall agree to pass the
bill, it shall be sent, together with the objections, to
the other House, by which it shall likewise bo recon-
sidered, and if approved by two thirds of that House
it shall become a law."
A law to whom, sir? A law to the Congress,
a law to the great people who send the Con-
gress here, and not a law to the President? I
insist, sir, that the President himself is as
much the subject of law as the humblest citi-
zen of the Republic; and God save the Re-
public when he may assert the prerogative of
declaring what is law and what is not law at
his own pleasure, and defy the power of the
people to call him to account for it. ^
Sir, I have no apprehension, none m the
world, that any plea of that sort will avail the
President. I agree that an executive officer
who, without any intention to set the law at
defiance, but by mere misconception of its re-
quirements, does really violate it, is not guilty
of an impeachable offense, because such an
offense under the Constitution must be a crime
or a misdemeanor. But can it be, in the light
of the President's past conduct touching the
obligations of this law, that he did not recog-
nize its obligation? Can it be, sir, that he did
not intend to trample it under foot and defy
the people's power? For one, sir, I would be
willing to delay indefinitely, if you please, the
final action of the House upon this question, if
1 were fully assured that the President from
this time forth would have respect to the
obligations of law, and not undertake to usurp
the authority of this Government in defiance
of the people's Constitution and the people's
laws. But, sir, I have had evidence enough
in the transaction, as it is spread^ upon your
record, to satisfy me that the President of the
United States is so bent upon his own destruc-
tion, or upon the destruction of the peace of
this great country, that he is capable of rush-
ing to any extreme of madness whatever. I
propose to curb him at the threshold. I pro-
pose to do it, as I said before, not in the spirit
of a partisan, but in the spirit of a Representa-
tive of the people, acting under the obligations
of his oath, and having due regard to the re-
quirements of the Constitution and the laws.
No one in this land would rejoice more than
myself to know that when this case shall have
been presented to the Senate of the United
States as a high court of impeachment it shall
become clear to the satisfaction of that body
that the President of the United States has
only erred in judgment, and has not intended
to invade the Constitution or to defy the au-
thority or set aside the supremacy of the laws.
I would rejoice at his acquittal thus honora-
bly, for his own sake and for the sake of the
Constitution of my country. But, sir, as I said
before, in the light of what he has already de-
clared and placed upon the record, I am pre-
cluded from the conclusion that he meant any-
thing else than to defy your power and say to
you, in the language of his advocate, " What-
ever laws you have passed or whatever laws
you may pass I will disregard them on my own
judgment whenever I see fit as being not in
pursuance of the Constitution of the United
States, and let you do your worst." That is
his position. The gentleman from New York
himself so understood it. The President hav-
ing taken that position, and criminally violated
the Constitution and laws, I propose to put
him on trial.
The gentleman talks about liberty. Liberty,
sir, is as dear to me and mine as it can be to
the gentleman or to his. I stand here to-day
for that liberty which is regulated by law, that
liberty which belongs alike to us all, and which
is not the exclusive right of those who hold
high official station. As for this lawless lib-
erty, the liberty which the kite shows to tho
dove, the liberty which the wolf shows to the
lamb, I will have none of it. The people of
the United States, I trust, will have none of it.
They will insist upon it that in this country
men shall enjoy the liberty of obedience and
subjection to law—law just in itself and pro-
tective of all.
There was surely nothing in this statute that
operated oppressively upon the President of
the United States. It was simply a statute
under the Constitution of the United States,
enabling the people of the United States to
exercise their own powers as to the mode and
manner of executing their own laws. I ask
the President to submit to it, to submit to it
gracefully, to submit to it decently, to obey it,
and to set the example to all the people of the
land that the first duty of the citizen is obe-
