1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4415
■were entitled to this money unless theirclaims
were just and proper. All the claimants want
is to be permitted to go before the Court of
Claims and to have their claims passed upou
by that court on their merits. Now, I wish to
know whether there is any fraud in that? If
these claimants cannot go before the Court of
Claims for the purpose of having them acted
acted on and adjudicated, I should like to
know then what these courts were created
for? IfVe cannot have confidence in our
courts that they will do justice between the
Government and claimants ; if we cannot trust
Uiem, and Congress is to investigate all these
cases, why, then, let us wipe these courts out
of existence. If they are referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims, when will that committee
report? We arc now at the heel ot the ses-
sion. Report when? Perhaps next Congress,
and perhaps not.
£Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WARD. I desire to say this, Mr.
Speaker, that if I yield to any one at all I will
yield to the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Pike,]
the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, who has, perhaps, some information
on this subject. Before I do that I will say
that I do not think the gentleman's constitu-
ents will suffer by the reference of his case to
the Committee of Ciaims. I do not think there
is any more doubt of the integrity of that com-
mittee than there is about that of the Court
of Claims.
Mr. LOGAN. I am not questioning that.
Mr. WARD. I do not think it will take
longer to have the claims investigated by the
Committee of Claims than by the Court of
Claims. I do not see the necessity of going
out of Congress, away from our own commit-
tees, which can just as well pass on the ques-
tion. I yield live minutes to the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Pike,] and then I will de-
mand the previous question.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Let me ask the gentle-
man a question. Has this bill under con-
sideration ever been acted upon by any com-
mittee of this House?
Mr. WARD. Not this particular bill, but
this particular class of claims has.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Why not refer it to a
committee of this House?
Mr. WARD. That is all we want to do.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a question ?
Mr. WARD. I will yield to the gentleman
for a question.
Mr. LOG-AN. I merely desire to say a single
word for the purpose of putting the matter
right. The gentleman says this claim has not
been before a committee. Now, I say that
this claim was before the Committee of Claims
in a former Congress. It was referred to the
Navy Department. A board was appointed to
consider it and the board decided that they did
not consider that they had a right to investi-
gate it. It was before the committee a year
ago.
Mr. WARD. I yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Maine.
Mr. PIKE. I am a little surprised at the
position of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Logan] upon the question now before the
Iiouse. Either he misunderstands it or I do.
His position is that these claimants should have j
the same rights before the Court of Claims
that any other citizen has. So far I concur with
him heartily. But if by that he means that
this bill gives them the same rights that any
other citizen has, and no more, there I dissent
from him. This bill provides that the Court
of Claims shall take jurisdiction, which with-
out this bill they cannot do, of this class of
claims, because these men have no legal
claims upon the Government. If they had a
legal claim there is no need whatever of this
bill. Every citizen is entirely free to go before
the Court of Ciaims with a legal claim. The
only question is whether we shall confer special
jurisdiction of this class of claims. For one,
1 am opposed to it unless there be further
investigation by a committee of this House.
And I say this to the House from a knowledge
of these claims from the beginning. These
parties came here in the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress. Then the gross amount of their claims
was some seven or eight million dollars. An
investigation was had by the Naval Committee
and the committee reported the matter to the
House at the heel of the session, just as this
now comes before the House. On the very last
night it was attempted to get it through. 1 was
on the minority of the committee, and with the
help of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Delano]
it was resisted and defeated. It was afterward
referred to the Committee of Claims, it was
there investigated by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Delano,] and I ask him to take up my
statement where I leave it. These claims for
$7,000,000 can easily be rejuvenated until they
swell into as great proportions as this House,
in its utmost liberality, will be disposed to
give, and the question is now whether, on the
heel of the session, without investigation, we
shall take this step which may lead to that
result? I yield the remainder of my time to
the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. DELANO. I do notintend in the dis-
cussion of this question to express any opin-
ion of my own as to how any member of the
House ought to vote, but I will endeavor to
lay the facts of the ease before the House, so
that every member can judge of them for him-
self. In the first place, in the Thirty-Eighth
Congress the Senate passed a resolution ap-
pointing a board of naval officers to investi-
gate the claim of certain contractors for iron-
clad vessels. Under that resolution forty-eight
contractors presented their cases to the hoard
and obtained an award of $2,500,000. On that
report the Senate passed a bill appropriating
for those contractors $1,800,000. That bill
came to the House during the Thirty-Ninth
Congress, and was referred to the Committee
of Claims. On examination of the case we
found that the board appointed by the Senate
had made allowances for damages which arose
from an inflation of the currency.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DELANO. I ask the gentleman from
New York to allow me to finish my statement.
Mr. WARD. I yield two minutes. I can-
not yield any more.
Mr. DELANO. Thereupon the House passed
a rule settling these claims, which was this:
that where contractors had suffered by the
action of the Government, not only these forty-
eight claimants, but all other contractors for
iron-clads, causing delays or alterations m the
contracts, the Government should pay the
damage, but should not pay in any other case.
That rule was adopted by a joint resolution
of the House and Senate, which became a law
in place of the bill appropriating $1,800,000.
Under that rule a board was established, and
before that, board these claims have been
brought. Part of them have been allowed, and
those allowed we have paid at this session.
Part of them have been rejected, and those
whose claims were rejected under that rule now
by this bill ask for a hearing again before the
Court of Claims. And all you have to say now
is whether you will award to these persons
whoso claims have been once examined under
this rule a rehearing, and keep this thing open
for an indefinite length of time, or whether you
will refer the question back to the Committee
of Claims and obtain their opinion as to the
propriety of giving a new hearing before the
Court of Claims. It is a simple question of
giving to these men an additional hearing.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PILE. I merely wish to say tliat_ this
bill directs the Court of Claims to investigate
and adjudicate these cases upon the same rule
that bound this board, which rule was not
adhered to, as these men claim, by the board,
and the Court of Claims can only decide under
that rule.
Mr. WARD. I resume the floor and demand
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; being upon the motion
of Mr. Ward, to refer the bill to the Committee
of Claims.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
80, noes 29.
So the bill was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. WARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
amendment of homestead law.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I rise to a
privileged question. I call up the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the-bill (H. R.
No. 1433) to amend an act entitled "An act
to secure homesteads to actual settlers on the
public domain," approved May 20, 1862, was
recommitted to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
The bill was read. It provides that the act
entitled "An act to secure homesteads to actual
settlers on the public domain," approved May
20, 1802, shall be so amended that whenever
a person settling on the public domain, under
the provisions of said act, shall make satisfac-
tory proof that he has served not less than one
year in the Army of the United States during
the late war for the suppression of rebellion,
aud has been honorably discharged, or has been
honorably discharged for wounds or disability-
after a less period of service, he shall be enti-
tled to receive a patent or certificate after the
expiration of one year from the entry of the
land, as prescribed in said act.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. The only
object of this bill is to reduce to the soldier
the length of time of actual settlement required
in order to get a homestead. In the naturali-
! zation laws we have reduced the time from five
years to one year, and now we propose to
reduce the time of settlement under the home-
stead law from five years to one year for the
soldier. If no gentleman desires to ask any
questions, 1 will call the previous question.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope there will be no
objection to this bill. It is in lieu of the bounty
bill which we have not time to pass, and it will
answer many of the purposes of that bill.
The question was taken on the motion to
reconsider ; and it was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed ; and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
contingent i'dnd of the house.
Mr. BINGHAM obtained the floor.
Mr. BROOMALL. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me lor a few minutes that I may make
a report from the Committee on Accounts. I
am in ill health and must go home.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 will yield to the gentle-
man if it will lead to no debate or delay.
Mr. BliOOMALL. It can lead to no debate
or delay.
Mr. "BINGHAM. Let a vote be taken on
the resolutions without the reading of the re-
port.
Mr. BROOMALL. That is my idea.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will yield on condition
that it gives rise to no debate or delay.
! Mr. BROOMALL. 1 desire to submit a
i report from the Committee on Accounts, in
j the matter of the charges against the officers
; of the House. The report is accompanied by
j three resolutions, which I propose to have pat
on their passage at once.
1 Mr. BINGHAM. Let the resolutions be
! read.
! Mr. NIBLACK. Let the report be also
| read. ,
I Mr. BINGHAM. I cannot yield for that..
