1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1343
dience to the people's laws, as it is the first
duty of their Chief Magistrate to see that they
be faithfully executed.
If the President will thus deport himself wc
will have no contest with him; but if, on the
other hand, he exercises powers of office in
criminal violation of the Constitution as well
as of the statute, I, for one, ask the question
may be tried, tried before that tribunal which
alone can, under your Constitution, decide it.
If the law be valid, the act of 1807, clearly, upon
the record, the President is guilty of crime. If
the law be not valid and the Constitution does
not have the operation and effect which I have
given it, and which I believe belongs to it; if,
on the contrary, the President of the United
States has really the power, notwithstandingthe
act of 1867, notwithstanding the provision of
the Constitution to which 1 have referred, to
create vacancies in every office of the Uepublic
at his own pleasure during the session of the
Senate, and fill them at his pleasure without the
consent of the Senate, doubtless that high tri-
bunal will be equal to the task of so asserting
and so deciding the law to be. That being
done, the President goes uninjured and only
his accusers are condemned.
No wrong, then, can come to the President,
no wrong can come to the House, no wrong
can come to the country if the House shall see
fit to jiass the resolution and send its Repre-
sentatives to the bar of the Senate in the name
of nil the people of the United States to de-
mand the impeachment of Andrew Johnson for
high crimes and misdemeanors, in that he has
in violation of the letter of the Constitution
itself, in violation of the statute passed in pur-
suance of that Constitution, created vacancies
in offices while the Senate was in session and
filled them again without the advice and con-
sent of the Senate.
For myself I can entertain no doubt as to the
legal question. I have stated my own conclu-
sions, and it abides with members of the House
(o state theirs, either by the words they may
utter in this debate or by the vote they may
finally give when they come to decide that
question, whether the President shall be per-
mitted to go on in his usurpations and take
cliarge of all the executive offices of this land
by creating vacancies in the presence of the
Senate and filling them without the consent of
the Senate with agents of his own, who go
through the streets of the capital and declare
their purpose to execute his orders in violation
of the Constitution and the laws by force. I
have no fears myself of the people interfering
with this matter. They are just and impartial
on this question.
The gentleman talks about the Democratic
party interfering with it in some way. There
was a Democratic party once in this country
that undertook to interfere with the supremacy
of your Constitution and your laws, and there
was an uprising of the people from the rock-
bound coast of New England to the golden
gates of California. A million and a half of
men mustered to the field and stamped out in
fire and blood this treason of that Democratic
party; and so it will be with any party that
sets itself above the supremacy of the peo-
ple's laws. The people have written in the
Constitution that wo should be the sole judges
first, as to whether crime or misdemeanor has
been committed by the President. They have
provided m the Constitution, if we so find upon
our oaths it shall be our duty in their names at
the bar of the Senate to demand his impeach-
ment. They have provided further, having
presented the accusation and proofs at the bar
of the Senate, the Senate shall be the sole body
to determine the question, and all men shall
be bound by their judgment.
Why talk about the Democratic party or
any other party daring to lift its hands against
this constitutional proceeding ? Cut the gen-
tleman answers, of course, that we are not
acting under the obligations of our oath ; that
we are not acting intelligently ; that we are
not acting in the light of evidence ; that there
are no facts to sustain us. I must judge for
myself whether there are facts to sustain us
or not. The gentleman's judgment must suf-
fice for him, my own judgment must suffice
for me; and, so help me God, I will surrender
it to no man, or number of men, whether they
call themselves Democrats or secessionists.
[Laughter. ]
Now, Mr. Speaker, I think I have said all
I have occasion to say. I desire this question
may be discussed fully and fairly. I ask that
gentlemen may say all they desire in reference
to the rightfulness of this proceeding. I will
be glad to allow anything that they may say,
in view of all the facts, to have due weight
with me in the final judgment I may pro-
nounce. I will be glad, in short, to review
the judgment which I have already formed
upon this case, and to set it aside and acquit
the President if possible. But, sir, I wish to
hear the argument in some other shape than
that in which it has come from the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Brooks.]
I wish to hear no more warnings of the
uprising of the Democratic party. I wish to
hear no more proclamations of that party being
a majority of the people of this country. 1
recognize no party by any party name in this
proceeding, but the people themselves, of what-
ever political party. 1 take it the people of
this country upon the question of the suprem-
acy of the law are the part}' of the country,
and in tbc majority upon that question to-day
as they were in the late conflict with armed
rebellion, the men who lifted their hands in
madness against the holy temple of our liberty.
I leave the issue with the House, 1 leave it
with the country, satisfied that it is ourdnty to
proceed firmly, impartially, honestly, to judg-
ment in this House, and 1 leave the final issue
where it belongs under the Constitution—with
the Senate—to determine whether the Presi-
dent has been guilty of a violation of the law,
of willfully, deliberately, criminally violating
it, and violating as well the Constitution of his
country, and disregarding as well the obliga-
tion of his oath. With that final decision I
shall be content, and I doubt not the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] upon
reflection, will be content, and I doubt not the
people of the United States will be content,
for the simple reason that it will be their judg-
ment, speaking through their duly-appointed
agents, who are clothed with the power to
decide it and to bind all the parties concerned
by their decision.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] who
opened this debate told the Ilouso that if the
impeachment of Andrew Johnson sent him to
the Senate for trial, and upon liis trial he
should be convicted, the Democratic party
would not submit to it; and in a most dramatic,
sensational manner he called God to witness
that they "never, never, never" would stand
it. I thought for a moment that we were car-
ried back nearly ten years, and that I was lis-
tening to the same threats which I used to hear
upon this floor just preceding the rebellion.
Then I listened to similar threats when the gal-
leries of this House were thronged as they are
now, but with a different, class of people, people
who applauded to the very echo the threats and
menaces which were hurled into our ears.
Sir, I tell the gentleman from New York that
when we impeach Andrew Johnson in the mode
pointed out by the Constitution for high crimes
and misdemeanors in office—and if it weie not
profane I would call God to witness the pro-
phecy—ho shall submit to it.
When Democratic secessionists told us if
we raised an aimy to conquer the rebellion
and maintain the Government they would not
stand it we told thcin they should, and we
made them, both upon this floor and in the
field. And I say to gentlemen now, that when
that same party attempts to array itself against
the Constitution and laws of the land there
were only half a million slain in the last war
and there are a million of the old soldiers left,
who will come as the waves come when tlie !
tempest is blowing, thick as autumn leaves, to I
maintain the supremacy of the Government
and the laws; they'll "rally round tho flag,
boys; yes, rally onee again."
The gentleman tells us that the Army is made
up in great part now of the Democracy. So it
was then, but they left it and went with the
disunionists. The Army was cleansed and
purified. It may be that since the muster-out
of the loyal volunteer troops of the country
the ranks have been recruited from the rebels
again. But whether it is so or not will make
no difference in this controversy; for, if need
be, we will cleanse the Army again and again.
I have heard enough of these threats from
the Democratic party; the same old party that
threatened us ten years ago; the same old party
that we met in the field and vanquished; the
same old party that we have met repeatedly at
the polls and vanquished; the same old party
that we meet here to-day and shall vanquish
again, both here and at the other end of the
Capitol, as I trust.
What is there of this question ? A great deal.
It is a vast question, and I trust that I come to
the discussion of it with a proper spirit, fully
realizing the importance of the issues involved.
It is not merely whether Andrew Johnson shall
be removed from the office of President of the
United States. There are other and greater
and deeper questions depending upon it—-the
question whether- the Union sentiment in the
ten disorganized States of this country shall be
crushed out; whether the rebel power shall be
restored in these States and shall be given the
supremacy for all time to come; whether the
Government shall be maintained, and whether
the fruits which we gathered and earned so richly
and so well during lour years of bloody war shall
be wrested from the hands of the liberty-loving
people of this country, or whether they shall
be kept and enjoyed. I care little for Andrew
Johnson. I have never had a doubt for a
month past that he would yet be impeached ;
that the evil which was in the man would come
out, would develop itself, and from step to step
it has been developing itself until he caps the
climax by these most flagrant and palpable vio-
lations not only of the law, but of the supreme
law, the Constitution of the United States. In
his correspondence with General Grant a few
days ago lie said that his action with reference
to the suspension of Mr. Stanton and the ap-
pointment of General Grant ad interim, was
not under the tenure-of-office law, but under
the Constitution outside of the law—that he was
only exercising liis constitutional right. Well,
sir, what does lie say now? Is he acting now
under the tenure-of-office law or under the
Constitution? The Constitution says that the
President—
"Shall nominate, and, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, shall appoint embassadors,
other public ministers and consul's, judges of the Su-
premo Court, and all other officers of the United
States whose appointments are not herein otherwise
pro\ided for, and which shall he established by law;
but the Congress may by law vest tho appointment
of such inferior officers as they think proper in the
President alone, in the courts of law, or in the heads
of Departments.
" Tho Piesident shall have power to fill up all va-
cancies that may happen during tho recess of the
Senate by granting commissions winch shall expiro
at the end of their next session."
Mr. BARNES. May I ask the gentleman
likewise to read the first two lines of the sec-
ond section of that article of the Constitution?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman has
tlic bookbeforehim and may read them himself.
Mr. BARNKS. I will do so.
" The Piesident shall be Commander-in-Chief of
the Army and Navy of the United States."
[Laughter.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would inquire of
the gentleman if the Secretary of War is a part
of the Army or Navy of the United States ?
Mr. BARNES, i contend that the Secre-
tary of War is apart of the Army of the United
States.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Very well: I think
that is news to this House. I never knew
that the head of a Department of this Govern-
ment was any part of the Army or Navy of the
United States ; he is a civil officer.
