4416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
Mr. WOOD. 1 understand that this matter
will give rise to debate.
Mr. RANDALL. I want the evidence to
be read, also.
Mr. BIN (itHAM. That will take all day.
I will yield to the gentleman to introduce his
report, have it printed and laid on the table,
and then he can enter a motion to reconsider.
Mr. BllOQMALL. I will ask to have the
report printed and recommitted.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 shall ask to have the
report read.
Mr. BROOMALL. Then I withdraw the
report.
COURT 01? CLAIMS ALABAMA.
Mr. HAUGHEY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (II. R. No. 357)
placing the loyal citizens of the State of Ala-
bama on equal terms with citizens of other
States, according to the act of July 4, 18G4;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
FOURTEENTH AMK3DUBNT TO CONSTITUTION.
Mr. SYPKEli, by unanimous consent, intro-
ducedabill (H. R. No. 1449) to enforce the third
section of the fourteenth article of amendments
to ihe Constitution; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
I'OSTAL-OItDKR SYSTEM WIT1I FllANCK.
Mr. SYPIIER, by unanimous consent, also
submitted a resolution instructing the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads to report
measures to authorize a postal and money-
order system between the United States and
France ; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
IUSCONSTMJCTION.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the Committee on
Reconstruction, reportedabill (H. R. No. 1450)
to provide for the more speedy reorganization
of the States of Virginia, Mississippi, and
Texas, and (brother purposes ; which was read
a first and second time.
The first section provides that for the better
securityof persons and property in Texas, Vir-
ginia, and Mississippi, the constitutional con-
ventions iu each of these States heretofore
elected under and in pursuance of an act of
Congress passed March 2, 18f>7, entitled "An
act for the more efficient government of the
rebel Stales," and the special acts of Congress
supplementary thereto and amendatory thereof
shall be authorized to exercise the following
powers in addition to the powers now author-
ized by law, to wit: to make removals and
appointments of the officers of the provisional
governments in said States respectively; to
authorize the provisional governments of said
States respectively to remove and appoint
registers and judges of elections under said
acts of Congress, which registers and judges of
election shall not be eligible toany elective office
under such provisionai governments, and shall
observe the provisions of said acts of Con-
gress ; to organize and maintain a constab-
ulary force in each of said States for the pres-
ervation of peace and to aid in the execution
of the laws ; to provide by ordinance for the
reassembling of the said conventions from time
to lime, and for holding all elections author-
ized by said acts of Congress, and for ascer-
taining and declaring the results of such elec-
tions, and especially the result of any election
which may be held for the ratification or re-
jection of any constitution which said several
conventions may submit to the people of either
of said States, and to pass such ordinances
not inconsistent with the Constitution and laws
of the United States as may be necessary to
protect all persons therein in their lives, lib-
erty, and property.
'The second section provides that the special
ordinances which may be passed by the con-
stitutional convention of either of said States
as herein provided for, shall be enforced by
the provisional governments of said States
until disapproved by Congress or until such
State shall have adopted a constitution of State
government, and the same shall have been
approved by Congress, provided that nothing
contained in this act shall deprive any person
of trial by jury in the courts of said States for
offenses against the laws of said States.
The third section provides that the military
commanders in each of the States named shall
give aid to the officers of the provisional gov-
ernment in preserving the peace and enforcing
the laws, and especially in suppressing unlaw-
ful obstructions and forcible resistance to the
execution of the laws.
The fourth section provides that on the fourth
Wednesday after the passage of this act the
convention of Mississippi and Virginia shall
reassemble, and the convention of Mississippi
shall proceed to frame a constitution of State
government, and submit the same to the people,
under and in pursuance of the provisions of
the act of Congress before mentioned and of
this act.
'The fifth section provides for the repeal of
all acts and parts of acts in conflict with the
provisions of this act.
Mr. RANDALL. I suggest that we ought
to have this bill printed before acting on it.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Binuiiam] yield for a motion that
the bill be printed ?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir.
Mr. BECIC AS a member of the aub-eom-
niittee, as well as of the committee, I would
like to have some little time to discuss this
subject.
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield to the gentleman
for thirty minutes.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, while I approve
fully of what purports to be the object of the
bill as set forth in the preamble, and desire
as earnestly as any gentleman on the Recon-
struction Committee to protect the life, liberty,
and property of every person in those so called
unreconstructed States, be they white or black,
without regard to their political antecedents
or present opinion, 1 believe that the bill now
proposed so far from effecting the object in-
tended will have directly a contrary effect.
1 ask gentlemen to bear in mind that at pres-
ent the General of the Army or the depart-
ment commanders has the absolute power to
appoint any one he may select as provisional
governor over those States, to remove any
official, high or low, who does not do his duty,
and to put those there who will do it. lie, in
conjunction with the department commanders,
lias unlimited power to call upon and use the
Army of the United States for the purpose of
enforcing and preserving the peace and main-
taining order. Besides, the Ereedtnen's Bu-
reaus, already established there, can aid in
protecting the life, liberty, and property of
the citizens if they desire to do so. These
instrumentalities are surely more potent than
any that can be exercised by constitutional
conventions. If they are not I do not under-
stand why they are not.
This bill makes provision with reference to
three States; let me call attention to them
severally, as well as 1 can in the thirty min-
utes allowed me. First, as to the State of
Virginia ; what is the condition of things there?
Virginia has held her convention; she lias
framed her constitution ; she has appealed to
us to pass a law to enable her to hold an elec-
tion for its ratification, and for the election of
State officers and members of Congress under
it. We have passed a bill tor that purpose, and
that bill is now ponding in the Senate of the
United States. Nothing remains to be done
in Virginia but for her people to vote whether
they will adopt or reject the constitution ; and
to elect officers under it if they decide to adopt
it. There is no complaint that in Virginia the
lives and property of loyal men are not now
thoroughly protected. There is no allegation |
that the convention has not finished its work. !
That convention has adjourned ; and nothing i
now remains but for us to fix a day l'or the I
election. By the bill already passed by this I
House we have done so. We have done it in
strict accordance with the reconstruction acts
of Congress. Why, then, is this new order of
things proposed ? Gentlemen on the Recon-
struction Committee will bear mo out in say-
ing that, so far at least us Virginia is con-
cerned, this is an effort on the part, of the ultra
Republican leaders there to set aside and nul-
lify the reconstruction acts in that State.
The object of this bill, though I do not think
the committee concur in that object—the real
purpose of the men who manipulated and pro-
jected this bill is to put all power into the
hands of a few ultra Radical leaders in that
convention, and to deprive of the right of
suffrage twenty-five thousand white men in that
State. The present provisional governor of
Virginia, Governor Welis, came before the Re-
construction Committee, and when called upon
by our chairman to state what he wanted he
said, almost in the very words which I now
repeat, (and the committee will sustain me in
the statement,) that in the first place he wanted
liberal appropriations to carry on the election.
That wo have given them; we have appropriated
$93,000. Pie wanted no further registration,
because, as he said, there were to-day twenty-
five thousand white men in the State of Virginia,
who, under the present reconstruction laws,
are entitled to be registered and vote, and if
registered they would carry the State against
the Republican party. He wanted to disfran-
chise twenty-five thousand white voters in that
State. He further said that if they were per-
mitted to adhere to the registration which took
place last year, when a great many white men
refused to register, that they would carry the
State, as they could, if an early day was fixed,
get the negro vote solid and get enough white
votes to give them a majority for the consti-
tution and the Radical candidates. The Re-
construction Committee treated the infamous
proposition with the scorn and contempt it
deserved. There was not a member of the
committee who did not refuse to adopt that
proposition. It was afterward urged, time
and again, before us by a man by the name
of Williamson, an emissary of the Radicals in
Virginia, he undertaking to argue and to show
that Wells's opinion was, thatunder the recon-
struction laws it was not necessary nor proper
to open the registration for revision as re-
quired by the seventh section of the act of
July, 18G7, although it had been done every-
where, and appropriation after appropriation
had been made by Congress for that purpose.
He even prepared a bill striking out of the bill
which I had drawn and which the committee
adopted and this House passed, all that part
of the fourth section relating to the board of
registration, and out of the first section which
submitted the proposed constitution to the
voters of Virginia in August next, " who shall
then be registered and qualified as such in
compliance with the acts of Congress known
as the reconstruction acts,'' and inserting in
lieu thereof "who were registered and quali-
fied to vote for delegates to said convention,
and none others." His proposition was at once
rejected, as Wells's had been. The proposition
to set aside all the reconstruction laws and dis-
franchise twenty-five thousand white men who
were as much entitled to register and vote as
any men in Virginia, was an outrage too mon-
strous to be tolerated or entertained for a
moment, merely to place a few partisans in
power.
Oneof the great objections to the present billis
that while it recognizes and requires a revised
and corrected registration, as provided by law—
a right the existence of which no man "in this
doubts it puts all power into the hands
of Wells and others of that sort, who will
refuse to carry out any provision which does
not suit them, and being wholly irresponsible
they will reiy on the success of their outrages
as sumeierH vindication with their part? for all
the wrongs committed. As I said, the bill
\\aicu passed this House, as reported from the
Committee on Reconstruction, allowed all to
