2366
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
Mr. JENCKES. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I agreed
to yield to the gentleman from Rhode Islanck
Mr. GETZ. I move that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. JENCKES. I hope not.
Mr. GETZ. Is it the understanding that if
we go into committee there shall be no further
business transacted?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, sir.
Mr. GrETZ. I withdraw my motion for the
gentleman from Rhode Island.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that that body had
ordered that the Secretary inform the House
that the Senate, sitting in the trial of the Presi-
dent of the United States on articles of im-
peachment, will notify the House when it is
ready to receive them again at its bar.
DUELING.
.Mr. JENCKES. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs
bo instructed to inquire into tho truth of tho report
that a duct has been fought in or near tho District
of Columbia, in pursuance of a challenge or arrange-
ment made within this District, between a person in
tho diplomatic service of the United States and an
attache of one of the foreign legations, and if they
find such an offense has been committed to report to
this House whether a duo respect for tho laws of tho
United State? does not require the House to take
measures for the removal from office of the diplo-
matic officer and for the recall by his own Govern-
ment of tho attache of the legation; and that for tho
puipoae of this inquiry tho said committee are em-
powered to send for persons and papers.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
DISTRICT COURT IN IOWA.
Mr. DODGrE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. It. No. 1038) concerning the
district court of the United Stales for the dis-
trict of Iowa; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
CONSTITUTION OF SOUTH CAROLINA.
Mr. BECK, by unanimous consent, presented
the remonstrance of the central committee of
South Carolina against the recognition by Con-
gress of the constitution of that State now pre-
sented ; which was referred to the Committee
on Reconstruction.
CONDITION OF SOUTH CAROLINA.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of War, transmitting a communication
from the General of the Army, covering a report
made by General Canby, commanding tho
second^ military district, of the condition of
that district, together with the views of the
General of the Army and of General Canby on
the question presented therein; which was or-
dered to be printed, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The House
has not been in session for so long that 1 would
inquire of the Chair what will be the regular
order of business to-morrow ?
The SPEAKER. The first business in the
morning hour of to-morrow, if it is a legisla-
tive session, will be reports from the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs. After that the bill re-
ported from the Committee on the Public Lands
by the chairman, [Mr. Julian,] on which the
gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Driggs] is en-
tided to the floor.
Mr. RANDALL. I would inquire whether
now the next regular business will not be pro-
ceeded with ?
The SPEAKER. It will until some other
order is proceeded with in pursuance of a mes-
sage from the Senate.
president's message.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, for tho purpose of
proceeding to the consideration of the Presi-
dent's annual message.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understand that the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] is to
speak. I would inquire if his speech is on the
subject now pending before the Senate.
Mr. SPALDING. Not at all; I do not in-
tend to advert to it. I intend to speak on the
finances.
The SPEAKER. The Chair gives notice
that to-morrow a business session will be ex-
pected.
The motion of Mr. Washburne, of Illinois,
■was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended ; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Trowbridge in the chair,) and proceeded to
the consideration of the President's annual
message.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Chairman, a traveler
from the Old World, in surveying the magnifi-
cent country we inhabit, and in contemplating
the recent origin of its Government, the steady
growth of its population, the wonderful devel-
opment of its resources, with the mighty ex-
hibition of its energies, will be led to exclaim:
" "Tis strange—but true: for truth is always strango,
Stranger than fiction."
The discovery of America was a great event
in tho history of the world. As such, it was
heralded in by philosophers and poets, with
more than the usual precision of prophecy,
through the course of nearly nineteen centuries.
Seneca, the moralist, whose birth preceded
that of our Saviour but three or four years, and
who wrote during the first half century of the
Christian era, says, in his " Medea:''
" Yenient annis scecula ecris,
Quibus oeeanns vineula rorum
£axet, et ingens pateat tellus.
Tothysque novos detegat orbes;
Nee sit terris ultima Thule."
Of the same tenor, though more strongly
marked, was the prediction of Pulci, the
Italian poet, who died at Florence in 1487 :
" His bark
The daring mariner shall urge far o'er
The western wave, a smooth and level plain,
Albeit the earth is fuslnoued like a wheel.
Man was, in ancient days, of grosser mold,
And Ilercules might blush to learn how far
Beyond the limits ho had vainly set
The dullest sea-boat soon shall wing her way.
Men shall descry another hemisphere,
Since to ono common centcr all things tend ;
So earth, by curious mystery divine,
Well balanced, hangs amid the starry spheres,
At oar antipodes are citie.-', States,
And thronged empires, ne'er divined of yoro.
But see; the sun speeds on his western path
To glad thy nations wilh expected light."
The greatness of this western empire was
also foretold by Bishop Berkly in these most
beautiful lines, written in 1726:
"The Muse, disgusted at au age and clime
Barren of every glorious themo
In distant lands, now waits a better time.
Producing subjects worthy fame.
" Westward the course of empire takes its way.
The first four acts already past;
A fifth shall close tho drama with the day ;
Time's noblest offspring is tho last."
Among the earliest recollections of John
Adams is said to have been this couplet, which
he was fond of repeating;
" The eastern nations sink, their glory ends.
And empire rises where the sun descend*."
In his preface to his " Defense of the Con-
stitution," written in 1787, Mr. Adams says:
"Thirteen governments*tlius founded on the nat-
ural authority of the people alono, without a pre-
tense ot miracle or mystery, which are destined to
spread over the northern part of that whole quarter
of the globe, aro a great point gained in favor of tho
rights of mankind."
Our national domain, exclusive of the pur-
chase from Russia, runs through twenty-five
degrees of latitude and fifty-eight degrees of
longitude. Its mean length is twenty-four hun-
dred miles, and its mean breadth is thirteen hun-
dred miles. Its area is 2,063,006 square miles.
At the breaking out of the war of the Revolu-
tion in 1775 the then thirteen Colonies contained
a population of two million eight hundred and
three thousand, of whom five hundred thou-
sand were slaves. The United States has, at
this time, a population of forty million souls,
all of whom are free. We have endured the
extremest test of nations—a civil war, with a
cost of life and of treasure that will cause the
"wars of the roses" and the "wars of I he
fronde" to pale on the page of history; but
the " star spangled banner" waves in triumph
"O'er the land of the free and the home of tho
brave."
I am led to these reflections of poets and
sages upon the anticipated glory and great-
ness of our western nation, and also to take a
cursory view of its vastness and resources in
the hope that a feeling of patriotic pride may
be enkindled in our bosoms, and that our most
jealous susceptibilities may be aroused when-
ever and wheresoever the integrity of our glori-
ous governmental system may be placed in
jeopardy. It seems but a short time since
the Government of our choice was assailed by
an open enemy in the field, whose parricidal
efforts, countenanced and encouraged by a moro
dangerous, because more deceitful, enemy in
our midst, kept our national energies upon the
tension for four longyears. We passed through
the trying vicissitudes of the most gigantic re-
bellion the world has ever known, but we did
not triumph in the contest of arms without an
awful sacrifice. We expended $4,000,000,000
in money and consigned to premature graves
two hundred and fifty thousand patriotic young
men. Is not this price enough to be paid for
stability of government?
But, now, before the wounds of our gallant
sons are well cicatrized, the traitors to the Con-
stitution of the United States and the earnest
sympathizers with treason are endeavoring to
accomplish by the ballot what they could not
effect by the bayonet—the overthrow of the
supporters of the Union. It may be interest-
ing to inquire for a moment what pretensions
the respective political parties of the day make
to the confidence of the great body of the peo-
ple. The great Republican party of the Uni-
ted States has vindicated its claim to loyalty
and patriotism by its unswerving devotion to
the cause of the Union through a long and
bloody war. It acknowledges the supremacy
of the General Government for all national
purposes, but it upholds with equal tenacity
the State government within its peculiar sphere
of action, botlLDeing limited by the terms of the
Federal Constitution.
It claims/that the public faith, wheresoever
p^dged, siiall be kept inviolate, and the public
erects Protected " like the apple of an eye."
It fa^frs equal rights in all classes of citizens,
and this involves the most extended right of
manhood suffrage. It demands ample protec-
tion for American products and industry, by
the imposition ofsuitable ratesof impost duties.
It exacts the full and faithful payment of the
national debt, and it wholly repudiates the
payment of the rebel debt, as well as the pay-
ment of any sum as a compensation for eman-
cipated slaves, or for damage to the propel ly
of rebels^ during the war. It calls for strict
economy in the public expenditures, a less oner-
ous system of internal taxation, and a moderate
but surely gradual re;urn to "specie pay-
ments. ' Ibe party in the opposition secured
lor itself an unenviable distinction in the war
of the rebellion by retarding the wheels of
Government, refusing to vote supplies for our
armies, opposing enlistments, and encouraging
desertions of our soldiers, making light of on?
victories, and at all times becoming jubilant at
our hiuuresot success: bytheiropen sympathy
with and secret aid ot the rebels, strengthening
tneir hearts and stimulating them to pro lone tho
contest; in fine, by contributing in every"wav
that combined wickedness and cowardice cou id
devise, to break up and destroy onr great and
prosperous Republic. This parly that has for
years insisted that nothing but,1-quarter-eagles,"
•vulgarly called " mint-drops," should form our
cuireucy this party that adhered so strongly
to a metallic currency, m days gone by, as to
be styled ••the pot-metal party "—tins partv
now demands thai the circulating medium ofthe
