3392
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23*
stately phrases which the Senator employs
with a view to convincing the Senate that he
knows more about this matter than anybody
else. I say to him frankly that I do not believe
it, and he must not expect rae to do so until
he furnishes some evidence.
Mr, HOWE. Mr. President 
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senatorallow
me one minute further?
_ Mr. HOWE. I have heard three speeches
since I got the floor, but I have no objection
to hearing another.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I merely wish to ex-
plain my amendment very briefly. By insert-
ing after the word "that" the words-" so much
of," it will prevent the repeal of the whole
second section of the act of July 25, 18G6;
and then by inserting the other words after
the word " purposes" it will effect the repeal
of that part which provides for the examiner
of claims.
Now, I wish to say, in reply to the Senator
frojn Massachusetts, with the indulgence of the
Senator from Wisconsin, that the labor upon
the Alabama claims is without value, in rov
judgment, in the very nature of the case, for
the reason that when we shall arrive at that
state of negotiation between the United States
and England that England shall recognize her
liability t® pay those claims, their amount must
be ascertained in some way provided for by
the treaty, or by the result of the negotiations,
probably by the appointment of a commission.
That commission will hear evidence, and this
Government will be properly represented be-
fore such a commission, and take the place
which is now contemplated by this examiner.
This examination now is premature. It will
furnish no evidence against England, for she
is no party to it. It is not made under any
negotiation with her. Therefore, in ray judg-
ment, upon dial particular case and chiss of
cases, the examinations now made are without
value.
Mr. HOWE. Now, I want to add two or
three words to the little that has been said on
this subject, especially because I have had to
listen to a very earnest protest on the part of
the Senator from Massachusetts against my
following my own convictions or my own opin-
ions on this question. He seems to be im-
pressed with the idea that as he has examined
it longer and knows mora about it than I can,
therefore I ought to act upon his judgment and
not refer to my own. The position would be
pretty well taken with one qualification : ifthe
Senator would be willing to tell us what he
knows about the necessity of this examiner of
claims I should be bound to listen to his testi-
mony, and if he made it intelligible to tne, then
I could see as he did; but it will not do for
him to testify that there is a necessity when he
does not tend to convince me, unless he can
show me the necessity. I never knew that
Senator yet to be in possession of a fact that'
he could not explain. I never supposed that he
knew anything that he could not tell, and tell
adequately, and tell to my comprehension ;
and I am bound to say, though I think he has
made an honest effort to inform me upon this
point, he has utterly failed. I do not hold him
responsible for it. 1 am not going to deny that
1 am personally responsible myself, or (hat my
nature is not. Yet I am inclined to think the
responsibility rests with the ease that he has
taken in hand. He has simply failed to show
me the necessity for this officer, because there
is no necessity for him in the world.
Sir, an examiner of claims in the State
Department, I take it, must have something
to do with one of three kinds of claims: either
claims which individuals present against this
Government, or claims which this Government
presents against foreign Governments, or claims
which individual citizens of the United States
wish to urge upon foreign Governments through
the agency of the State Department. If this
examiner is there for the purpose of expe-
diting claims of citizens against this Govern-
ment or claims of anybody against this Gov-
ernment, I have simply to say that the Secre-
tary of State has nothing to do with them, the
examiner has nothing to do with them, no
business with them ; they cannot appropriate
a dollar ; they cannot adjudicate a dollar ; it
is outside of their jurisdiction altogether. If
this officer is supposed to have relation to
claims on the part of our Government against
foreign Governments, then I have to say that
the Secretary of State himself is that examiner
and nobody else ; and we have not authorized
any substitution, and we should not authorize
any substitution. If there is any high and
sacred duty belonging to that officer, it is that;
and to substitute Mr. E. Peshine Smith for
Mr. William H. Seward, although it might be
a good substitution, until it is authorized by
the appointing power, I think it had better not
be provided for by the appropriating depart-
ment of the Government. If it be neither the
one nor the*other of those classes of claims,
but it be claims of individual citizens which
they wish t.o urge upon the attention of foreign
Governments through the State Department,
it is plainly the business of the claimant him-
self to prepare a statement of his claim, to set
forth the grounds upon which it rests, to make
up his own briefs or to make up his own
abstracts, whichever may be needed to present
the case so that the Secretary of State, and not
an examiner of claims, can pass upon the pro-
priety of it, and enable him, not an examiner,
but the Secretary, the responsible officer under
the Constitution, to determine whether it is a
proper claim to present to the attention of a
foreign Government or not.
Indubitably, there may be papers in the
State Departnient bearing upon the claims of
citizens on this Government, and we may have
occasion to call for those. We find such evi-
dence in every one of the Departments; we
are calling for it every day, and that evidence
is furnished us by St.200 clerks in every other
Department. 1 do not see why they cannot
furnish it in the State, Department just as well,
if there is a necessity for such an officer in that
Department it is because he is to do the work
of an extra clerk, or it is because he is to
assume some portion of the responsibility which
the law said should devolve on the Secretary
himself. For the division of that responsi-
bility we furnish him one assistant constantly,
and it is the effort of a part of this amendment
to secure him another assistant. For that part
of the amendment I am anxious to vote. I
was not present in committee when it was
considered there. I should not have acquiesced,
I think—unless I had heard reasons for that
amendment which I have not heard on the
floor of the Senate—in the propriety of dis-
continuing the employment of the Second
Assistant Secretary of State. I cannot dispute
the Senator from Indiana when he says that
he does not believe all the wisdom of the world
will die when Mr. Hunter dies. He may be
entirely right in that; but I am very much
inclined to think that when Mr. Hunter dies
a great deal of the wisdom of the State Depart-
ment will perish. Undoubtedly it can be sup-
plied; but I have the impression, though I do
not pretend to know as intimately on this point
as the Senator from Massachusetts must know,
and as other Senators must, that Mr. Hunter
is one of those officers of whom we have two
or three or more specimens, I am glad to know,
in the service of the Government, who are a sort
of vacle mecurn in their respective offices, who
know all about the duties of their office, and
by reason of their long employment and close
attention and great natural capacity have made
themselves masters of the history and of the
whole work of their respective Departments.
It is a calamity to any Government to lose the
services of such an officer. 1 think he is one
I think we have at the head of the Land Office
another. I think we have as chief clerk of the
Indian Bureau another of that class of men
I should be very sorry to see, for the waut of
any reasonable appropriation of dollars, the
Government lose the services of such an officer
Now, I shall vote with great cheerfulness for
the amendment moved by the Senator from
Indiana because I understand it effects just
what I desire to see effected, the retention of
this Second Assistant Secretary of State, and
the dismissal of the examiner of claims.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I still
remain of the opinion that this examiner of
claims ought not to be dispensed with. Of
course it is a matter of no interest to me par;
ticularly. I had something to do, I think, at
the time with passing the law providing for an
examiner of claims, and I came to the conclu-
sion at that time that it was necessary to have
such an officer, more from what was said to
me by the Secretary of State on the subject
than by anything that 1 could know about the
State Department.
The Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] is
right in his supposition as to what must be the
nature of these claims, as a general rule, and
the kind of service which has to be done, and
in supposing that it is a service absolutely to be
performed, in the last instance, by the Secre-
tary of State himself. It not infrequently
happens and must happen in Departments of
the Government having a great deal of business
before them that, while they have to decide
upon claims to a certain extent, with regard to
the question whether they are proper elaims to
be presented against foreign Governments, and
to be urged, yet the head of a Department like
the Secretary of State, with all his other avo-
cations, conducting the diplomatic correspond-
ence of the country principally, may not have
time, when these claims amount to a very con-
siderable number, to go over them all, arrange
the papers, examine the evidence, and look up
the law particularly, and devote all the time to
that detail which must be devoted in order to
come to a right understanding of the subject.
I have had some experience, though not
very much, in this matter of the judgment that
has to be passed upon subjects by the head of
a Department. The Secretary of the Tronsm-y
is obliged to decide upon a great many qms-
tions of'claims of one kind and another. If
the Secretary of the Treasury was compelled
look up all those questions himself, to arrange
the papers, to collate and digest the testimony,
and to state the principles and the statutes
applicable to each particular case, it would be
utterly impossible for him to get through one
twentieth part of the business to be done by
him. Of course he Jias to settle the matter in
the last resort; but there are in the Depart-
ment of the Treasury several clerks, in fact,
passing upon different kinds of questions,
familiar with their respective branches, who
arrange the papers, collate the testimony, state
the facts, and state the statutes and the law
applicable to those facts, making a brief, in
point of fact; and when that is done, the ease
m a comparatively narrow compass is submit-
ted to the Secretary, and he passes upon it,
either with or without further examination as
may seem necessary to hiin.
Until the war there was very little of that in
the State Department; there was no more,
perhaps, than the Secretary could do himself;
but it was stated to me by the Secretary of
State that the claims upon foreign Governments
and some upon our own Government—for
there are many upon our own Government
that come before him, of which I could give
an instance if necessary—were so numerous
tiiat it was impossible for him, with all the
other duties that were pressing upon him, to
discharge that duty, that he must have some
assistance, and that he had in his Department
no clerk who was entirely qualified to do what
was necessary to be done. In the first place
he required a good and practiced lawyer as
well as a good man of business to make an
abstract and statement of these claims, the
law and principles applicable to them, to be
presented to him for his decision. I believed
 ie Secretary of State ; I believe him now.
He is not a man to ask for help that he does
not need. He is a laborious man, devoted to
ins duties, desirous to discharge them all; and
when he stated to me that he absolutely
needed this assistance in order to get through
