310
SUPPLEMENT TO
■when each of you shall " shuffle off this mortal
-Coil," may no thorn be planted in the pillow of
" death to embitter your recollection of the scene
that is being enacted now; and when the-time
shall come, as come it may, in some future age,
when your own spirits shall flitamongthe hoary
columns and chambers of this edifice, may each
of you be then enabled to exclaim—
"Here I faithfully discharged the highest duty of
earth; here I nobly discarded all passion, prejudice,
and feeling: here I did my duty and my whole duty,
regardless of consequences; and here I find my own
name inscribe I in letters of gold, flashing and shin-
ing, upon the immortal roll where the names of all
just men and true patriots are recorded 1"
I do not know, Mr. Chief Justice, that it is
exactly in accordance with tho etiquette of a
court of justice for me to do what I propose
to do now; but I trust that you and the Senate
will take the will for the deed, and if there is
anything improper in it you will overlook it. I
cannot close, sir, the remarks which I have to
make ia this case, without returning my pro-
found. thanks to the Chief Justice and the Sen-
ators for the very kind and patient attention
with which they have listened to me on this
occasion. Imperfect as the argument has been,
and lengthy as it has been, you have extended
to me the patient attention which 1 had little
reason to expect, and 1 cannot, Senators, take
my seat without returning my thanks to you,
whether it be according to the usage of a court
like this or not.
On motion of Mr. TIPTON, the Senate, sitting
for the trial of the impeachment, adjourned.
Saturday, April 25, 1808.
The Chief Justice of the United States took
tho chair.
The usual proclamation having been made
by the Sergeant-at-Arms,
The Managers of the impeachment on the
part of the House of Representatives and the
counsel for tho respondent, except Mr. Stan-
bery, appeared and took the seats assigned
to them respectively.
_ The members of the House of Representa-
tives, as in Committee of the Whole, preceded
by Mr. E. B. Washbcrnu, chairman of that
committee, and accompanied by the Speaker
and Clerk, appeared and were conducted to the
seats provided for them.
The CHI Li' J US HOE. The Secretary will
read the Journal of yesterday's proceedings.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings of
the Senate, sitting for the trial of the impeach-
ment, was read.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The first business
this morning is the order proposed by the Sen-
ator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds.] The
Clerk will read the order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, at the re-
quest of several Senators who desire to con-
sider the question, I move that tho consider-
ation of the order be postponed until Monday
morning.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, T move that
the order_be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. SUMNER. That is better.
Mr. DRAKE. And on that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
• Mr. EDMUNDS. So do I, Mr. President.
lhe CHIEF J USTICE. The motion for in-
definite postponement takes precedence of the
motion to postpone to a day certain ; and upon
that question the yeas and nays are demanded.
The yeasand nays were ordered.
Mr. CONKLINGr. I wish to inquire what
was the motion of the Senator from Vermont?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator from
Vermont moved to postpone until Monday;
the Senator from Missouri moves to postpone
indefinitely; and the question now is upon
the indefinite postponement.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
order read.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Clerk will
read the order.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Ordered, That after the arguments shall be con-
eluded, and when the doors shall be closed for de-
liberation upon the final question, the official report-
orb of the Senate shall take dovrn the debates upon
the final question, to be reported in the proceedings.
The question being taken by yeaa and nays
on Mr. Drake's motion, resulted—yeas 20,
nays 27 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Cameron, Chandler, Conklinsr, Cor-
bett, Drake, Ferry, Harlan, Howard, Morrill ofMaine,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Pomeroy, Ram-
sey, Ross, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, and
Yates—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew,Cragin, Davis,
Dixon, Doolittle, Edmunds, Jb'essenden, Fowler, JFre-
linghuysen, Grimes, Henderson, Hendricks, Howe,
Johnson, McCreery, Morgan, Norton, Patterson of
Tennessee, Saulsbury, Sherman, Trumbull, Van
Winkle. Viekers, Willey, Williams, and Wilson—27.
NOT V OTING—Messrs. Bayard, Cattell,Cole, Con-
ness, Patterson of New Hampshire, Sprague, and
W ade—7. •
So the order was not indefinitely postponed.
The CHIEF J USTICE. The question re-
curs on the motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont to postpone the order until Monday.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I send to
the Chair an order which I desire to have read.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the order.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Ordered, That the Senate, sitting for the trial of
Andrew Johnson, President of the United States,
will proceed to vote on tho several articles of im-
peachment at twelvo o'clock on the day after the
close of tho arguments.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senate is ready to
act on it 
Tho CHIEF JUSTICE. The order is for
present consideration, unless objected to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object.
The CHIEF J USTICE. Being objected to
it lies over.
Mr. SUMNER. Mi-. President, I send to
the Chair two additional rules, the first of
which is derived from the practice of the Sen-
ate on the trials of Judge Chase and Judge
Peck.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read both of the additional rules proposed.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Rule 23. In taking the votes of tho Senate on the
articles of impeachment, the presiding officer slut.il
call each Senator by his name, and upon each article
propose tlie following question, in tho manner fol-
lowing: "Mr. , liowsay you, is the respondent,
— -.guiltyor notguilly uncharged in the arti-
cle qt impeachment'/"whereupon each Senator shall
rise in his place and answer "guilty" or "not guilty."
Ritlk 21. On n conviction by the Senate it shall bo
the duty of the presiding oificer forthwith to pro-
nounce the removal irom office of tho convicted per-
son according to the requirement of tho Constitu-
tion. Any further judgment shall bo on the order
or tho Senate.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Is the Senate ready
for the consideration of these rules now?
Mr. JOHNSON. I object.
The CHIEF J USTICE. Objection is made;
they will lie over. [After a pause.] Gentle-
men of counsel for the President, you will please
proceed with the argument in his defense.
Hon. WILLIAM S. GROESBECK, on
behalf of the respondent, addressed the Senate
as follows:
Mr. CniKK Justice and Senators : lam sorry
that I am not so well to-day as I should like to
be; but I know the desire of the Senate to get
on with this argument, and I have, therefore,
preferred to come here this morning in the
condition I am and attempt to present an out-
line, at least, of the views I have formed of
the respondent's case.
Since tho organization of our Government
we have had live trials of impeachment—one
of a Senator, and four of judges, who held their
office by appointment and for a tenure that
lasted during life or good behavior. It has
not been the practice, nor is it the wise policy,
of a republican or representative Government
to avail itself of the remedy of impeachment
for the control and regulation of its elective
officers. Impeachment was not invented for
that purpose, but rather to lay hold of offices
that were held by inheritance and for life.
And the true_ policy of a republican Govern-
ment, according to my apprehension, is to
leave these matters to the people. They are
the great and supreme tribunal to try such ques-
tions, and they assemble statedly with the
single object to decide whether an oificer shall
be continued or whether he shall be removed
from office.
I may be allowed, Senators, to express my
regret that such a case as this is before you ;
but it is here, and it must be tried, and there-
fore I proceed, as I promised at the outset, to
say what I may feel able to say in behalf of
the respondent.
In the argument of one of the Managers the
question was propounded:
"Is this body, now sitting to determine the accu-
sation of tho House of Representatives against tho
President of the United States, the Senate of tho
United States or a court?"
The argument goes on to admit:
" If this body hero is a court in any manner as con-
tradistinguished from the Senate, then we agree"
* * * * "that the accused may claim tho
benefit of the rule in criminal cases, that he may
only be convicted when the evidence makes the case
clear beyond reasonable doubt."
In view of this statement, and in view of
the effort that has been made by the Managers
in this cause, I ask, Senators, your attention
to the question, in what character do yon sit
on this trial? We have heard labored and
protracted discussion to show that you did not
sit as a court; and the Managers have even
taken offense at any such recognition of your
character. For some reason I will not allude
to they have done even more, and claimed lor
this body the most extraordinary jurisdiction.
Admitting that it was a constitutional tribunal,
they have yet claimed that it knew no law,
either statute or common ; that it consulted no
precedents save those of parliamentary bodies;
that it was a law unto itself; in a word,
that its jurisdiction was without bounds; that
it may impeach for any cause, and there is
no appeal from its judgment. The Constitu-
tion would appear to limit somewhat its juiis-
diction, but everything this tribunal may deem
impeachable becomes such at once, and when
the words " high crimes or misdemeanors" are
used in that instrument they are without, signifi-
cation and intended merely to give solemnity
to the charge.
To sustain this extraordinary view of the
character of this tribunal we have been referred
to English precedents, and especially to early
English precedents, when, according to my
recollection, impeachment and attainder and
bills of pains and penalties labored together
in the work of murder and confiscation. Sen-
ators, I do not propose to linger about these
English cases. We have cases of our own
upon this subject; we have teachings of our
own. This we know: our lathers, in framing
the Constitution, were jealous of delegating
their power, and tried to make a limited con-
stitutional Government; tried to enumerate all
the power they were willing to intrust to any
department of it. The executive department
is limited; the judicial departments limited ;
and the legislative department, we have sup-
posed, was also limited; but according to the
argument made here on this trial it is other-
wise, and it has in its service and at its com-
mand an institution that is above all law and
acknowledges no restraint; an institution worse
than a court-martial, in that it has a broader
and more dangerous jurisdiction. Senators,
I cannot believe for one moment that there is
lying in the heart of the Constitution any such
tribunal as this ; and I invite your attention to
a brief examination of our own authorities and
of our own teachings upon this subject.
It was with much doubt and hesitation that
the jurisdiction to try impeachment at all was
intrusted to the Senate of the United States.
The grant of this power to this body was
deferred to the last moment of time. Nor was
your jurisdiction overlooked. Allow me to
call your attention very briefly to the proceed-
ings of the Federal Convention upon this sub-
ject as recorded in the Journal of that body.
In the first report that was presented it was
proposed to allow impeachment for "mal-
practice or neglect of duty." It will be ob-
