1344
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
Now, Mr. Speaker, does the President re-
move the Secretary of War by virtue of his
constitutional power? Nobody ever pretended
that I ever heard of that the President during
the session of the Senate could remove an offi-
cer. The thing was never done in the history
of this Government except by the advice and
consent of the Senate. No President ever re-
moved a member of his Cabinet before during
the session of Congress. President Jackson
removed his Secretary of the Treasury, Mr.
Duane, but that was during the recess of Con-
gress, and even at that the whole "Whig party of
the United States, of which my friend from
New York [Mr. Brooks] was not only a useful
but a leading member, cried out in protestation
against the right of President Jackson to do
so. But now, while Congress is in session, and
only a few days after the Senate have passed
upon the reasons Mr. Johnson gave them for
suspending Mr. Stanton under the tenure-of-
office act, and after they had solemnly decided
that his reasons were not sufficient, and he had
been restored to office, he removes him. He
does not suspend him, as before, under the
tenure-of-office law. No; but by a mere letter
he proposes to remove him from the office of
Secretary of War.
And here let me notice another objection
that is made, to wit: that the heads of Depart-
ments appoiuted by Mr. Lincoln, under the
tenure-of-office law, could only hold their offices
for one month after his term expired. To say
nothing of what constitutes the "term" of a
President, Mr. Stanton certainly was, and con-
tinued to be, Secretary of War in fact and in
law. Mr. Johnson, in this very communica-
tion to the Secretary of War, denominates him
"Secretary of War," and tells him that his
functions as such shall cease from and after
the reception of that loiter. That is a plain,
distinct recognition of Mr. Stanton's official
capacity as Secretary of War up to yesterday.
Why, sir, does the Constitution mean any-
thing? Has it any virtue ? lias iL any power?
Is it to be observed by anybody ? Gentlemen
seem to suppose that it is to be observed by
everybody but the President of the United
States. Yet he of all men in this country
professes to be the greatest stickler for the
Constitution and the observance of all its pro-
visions. Yet he has acted in flagrant and
direct violation of its provisions as well as the
tenure-of-offiee act. T will read to the House,
for T desire that to be incorporated in my re-
marks, the sixth section of that law. It is as
follows:
"Andbe it further enacted, That, overy removal, ap-
pointment, or employment made, had, or exercised
contrary to the provisions of this act, and the making,
signing, scaling, countersigning, or issuing of any
provision or letter of authority for or in respect of
any such appointment or employment, shall bo
deemed, and are liereby declared to be, high misde-
meanors, and upon trial and convietion thereof every
person guilty thereof shall bepunisliod by afine not
exceeding $10,00U, or by imprisonment not exceeding
iivc years, or by both said punishments, in the dis-
cretion of the court: Provided, That the President
shall have power to make out and deliver, after the
adjournment of the Senate, commissions to all offi-
cers whose appointments havo been advised and
consented to by the Senate."
I read that for the benefit of those gentlemen
of this House who are of the opinion that the
President cannot be impeached of high crimes
or misdemeanors unless the act complained
of has been so described and designated by the
statute.
It seems to me that, if Andrew Johnson had
hunted the laws over to find a fit and proper
place for him to commit an act which should
bring down upon him this remedy of impeach-
ment, he could not have lnt upon a better
method or a more apt plan; for lie has violated
most flagrantly the Constitution and the stat-
utes of Congress.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Buooks]
refers to various statutes passed in the early
history of the country providing for filling
temporarily these Departments in case of a
vacancy. Who questions those acts? Who
denies them ? ^ Who denies the authority of
the President, in case of a vacancy, to fill tem-
porarily or by nomination, and with the advice
and consent of the Senate fill permanently,
these places. The acts of Congress to which
the gentleman refers cut 110 sort of figure in
this case; they have no more applicability to
this case than they would have to an appro-
priation bill; not a particle.
Indeed, throughout the gentleman's speech,
I heard no argument, no fact, no law referred
to by him which in any manner bore upon the
case now before this House. It was the ramb-
ling talk of a member who is disposed to oppose
impeachment, right or wrong. It was a very
good speech, I will say, so far as words and
sentences and periods and oratory were con-
cerned, for that gentleman always talks well.
But as an argument it has no bearing whatever
upon the question of impeaching Andrew J ohn-
son of high crimes and misdemeanors. I sup-
pose it is in order, at the present time, to dis-
cuss not onlytho particular matters mentioned
in this report, but others which are officially
before the House.
I do not propose to refer to the testimony
taken by the Judiciary Committee, which was
discussed somewhat briefly a few weeks ago,
but I wish to refer a moment to those official
documents which were transmitted to this
House and referred to the Committee on Pie-
construction a few days since. I allude to the
correspondence between the President and
General Grant. In my opinion then and in
my opinion now there was enough in that to
justify the impeachment of the President.
Why, sir, we find this President issuing an
order directly to the General of the Army
commanding him not to recognize any orders
issued by the Secretary of War which pur-
ported to be issued by the authority of the
President, requiring a subordinate to come to
him and ask him if he authorized the Secre-
tary of War to issue an order, when the order
itself purports to be by his authority. Orders
like that, if carried out, would disorganize the
entire Army of the United States. Suppose a
major general commanding a division should
pass over the brigadier general commanding a
brigade, go down to one of bis colonels, and
say to him, "Do not recognize or obey any
order issued by that brigadier general unless
you first come to me and ascertain that it is
by my authority." Suppose that the colonel,
jumping over his majors, should go to a cap-
tain and toll him the same thing; the captain,
passing over his lieutenants, should give the
same order to a sergeant and say, "Do not
obey the order of the lieutenant." That order
of the President inculcated mutiny, insubor-
dination, and disorganization. It would dis-
organize and render insubordinate every officer
of the Army. There is no escape from it.
It was to prevent the Secretary of War from
exercising liis legal functions and rights—to
prevent the execution of the law. Why, Mr.
Speaker, we have a law of the United States
that if any two or more persons shall conspire
to prevent the due execution of a law, or if
any person shall attempt by force or intimida-
tion to prevent its execution, they shall be
guilty of a misdemeanor. What was that but
an attempt by Andrew Johnson to conspire
with General Grant to prevent the execution
of the law when he told General Grant, if you
will but disobey this law and retain by force
the Department of War I will suffer whatever
imprisonment may be imposed upon you and
pay the line.
Gentlemen say that the President is the judge
of the constitutionality of a law, and the gen-
tleman from New York cites the precedent of
President Jackson's veto message. Who doubts
that a President may exercise his prerogative
of vetoing a law when in his opinion it is un-
constitutional, notwithstanding the fact that
the courts may have pronounced such an enact-
ment constitutional. That was all that Jack-
sou did, but when he has done that and the
act is passed notwithstanding his veto his right
of judgment is exhausted.
While the President takes an oath to support
the Constitution, it is also made his duty by
the same Constitution to see that the_ laws are
faithfully executed. You will sometimes hear
of a sheriff, when he is doubtful about his
right to do an act, being indemnified ; he does
it and says to the party who deems himself
aggrieved, " Sue me, and we will test the ques-
tion. Bring your action of trespass against
me, and we will try the constitutionality of the
law." Who would ever think of a President
doing such a thing—he, who has sworn that he
will see that the laws are faithfully executed,
telling the people of the United States, "1
will violate this law deliberately ; if you think
it is constitutional sue me, and we will test
that question." Would we not have a very
delightful state of things, Mr. Speaker, if the
officers whose sworn duty it is to see that the
laws are faithfully executed should take this
position, and with impunity, upon the exercise
of their puny judgments, overthrow and violate
the laws of the land ?
Who is this Andrew Johnson who thus sets
himself up in defiance of the people of the
United States and against their laws? A gen-
tleman here says, " a Republican President."
Mr. ELDKIDGE. A President that you
elected.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. My colleague here
[Mr. Ross] said a Republican President. I
deny it. He is your President, not mine. We
were cheated: I admit that I voted for him.
Yery true; the Republican party were cheated
into his support by the loud professions and
lying promises of this ungrateful, despicable,
besotted, traitorous man, who now turns his
back upon the men who elected him; turns
his back upon the friends who rallied around
him; turns his back upon the loyal men of
Tennessee who supported him, and goes over
to the party against whom we fought, not only
at the ballot-box, but iu the field.
Who, I say, is this Andrew Johnson, that ho
should set himself up above courts and Con-
gress and people? By what right does he
arrogate to himself the exclusive right to judge
of the unconstitutionality of laws that have
been duly, according to the forfiis of the Con-
stitution, enacted? Is it because God gave
him more brains than other men ? Is it be-
cause he has more moral honesty than the
rest of the people? Has he a cooler judg-
ment? Is he a man of more character? I
will not point to the facts developed by the
Judiciary Committee in that long examination
of the acts and doings of Andrew Johnson,
for his character and conduct are known of
all men. Let this House and let the Senate
teach Andrew Johnson there is a power higher
and greater and stronger than the President—
the power of the people. The gentleman
talks of the feeling of the people. The people,
sir, are here by their representatives. The
people arc speaking to-day by their represent-
atives.
I stated, Mr. Speaker, I had no doubt An-
drew Johnson would be impeached muny
months ago. It seemed to me evident, what-
ever the House might do, however we might
ignore and pass over acts proved to the Ilonse
to have been committed by Andrew Johnson,
and which to my mind were ground for his im-
peachment, the evil which was in him would
so develop itself that the House of Representa-
tives would be called upon to imoeach him.
This thing, I feel, helms done now* and I con-
gratulate the House and country that he has
done it in such manner as to require but little
testimony outside of the official letters and
documents in his trial.
Thegentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
said if he entered upon the trial his term of
office would expire before we concluded it. 1
think not. Here in two letters of Andrew
Johnson, one to Secretary Stanton and one to
General Lorenzo Thomas, we have a complete
compact, and peifect case. We need swear no
witnesses ; we need take no further testimony.
Read the letters, read the Constitution and
read the law, and the case is all there as clear
and plain as if bo confessed the crime.
I trust the House of Representatives will
