1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
United States shall be made up of $2,500,000,-
000 in Treasury notes, and that this trash shall
absorb the public bonds and the circulation of
the national banks!
I can have some slight respect for the knave
who has the courage to openly advocate the
repudiation of the national debt; but the mis-
erable craven who poisons the streams of the
public prosperity when he dare not obstruct
their flow is scarcely entitled to an honest
man's contempt. This party stands opposed
to equal manhood suffrage, notwithstanding it
claims the privilege of being called "Demo-
cratic," the very signification of which word,
according to our best lexicographer, is " one
who favors the extension of the right of suf-
frage to all classes of men."
And here you are presented with the Demo-
cratic creed in two propositions ; the one affirm-
ative, the other negative.
1. They favor an unlimited extension of the
paper currency.
'2. They oppose an extension of the elective
franchise.
The appeal of this party to the confidence
of the country and to a participation in its
offices of honor and trust is only equaled by
the request of a pert sexton, recently made to
a congregation of free-will Baptists, in the
State of Khode Island. An influential member
of their communion had died, and his funeral
obsequies were to be celebrated in the most
approved style. As the body was being borne
into the church, already filled well-nigh to reple-
tion, the sexton deemed it his duty to give to
the solemn scene an extra touch. Advancing
through the porch, in front of the bearers, he
cried with a loud voice, "Ladies and gentle-
men, you will please to rise; the corpse wants
to come in."
I have said that the political party now and
at all times opposed to the patriotic party that
adhered to the administration of Abraham
Lincoln and carried on the war that saved the
Republic proposes to increase the " legal-
tender " paper cux'rency to a sufficient extent
to pay off the principal of the United States
five-twenty bonds as fast as the Government
shall have the legal option of making payment,
and also to absorb the circulating notes of the
national banks. Further, it is claimed by cer-
tain visionary theorists that additional railways
from the Mississippi river to the Pacific ocean
may and ought to be constructed bj' means of
" legal-tender notes," to be issued by the Uni-
ted States, instead of bonds bearing^ interest.
For purposes of argument it is fair for me to
assume that the payment of the five-twenty
bonds, the absorption of the bills of the na-
tional banks, and the aid to Pacific railroads,
would altogether require an issue of $2,500,-
000.000 in United States ''legal-tender'1 notes,
commonly called "greenbacks."
Let it be distinctly borne in mind that by
express limitation of Congress no greater
amount of United States " legal-tender'' notes
can now be issued than $450,000,000. The
language of the statute is this:
44 jSTor shall the total amount of United Statesnotes
issued or to be issued ever exceed $400,000,000, and
such additional sum, not exceeding $50,000,000, as
may be temporarily required for the redemption of
temporary loans,"—United States Statutes-at-Large,
p. 219.
Repeal this highly valuable act of limitation
and raise the floodgates of the Treasury for
the emission of one thousand or two thousand
million dollars in "greenbacks" in addition,
and wherein would the United States differ
from France in the early part of the eight-
eenth century, when the whole kingdom was
thrown into convulsions by the operation of
John Law's system of paying the debts of the
nation with the notes of his bank? In 1720
it was forbidden by law that any payment
should be made above a hundred livrcs except
in paper. The result was that France was
flooded with an irredeemable paper currency
to the extent of six thousand millions of livrcs,
or 1,250,000,000. The whole scheme exploded
to the infinite distress of the French people,
a#d the grand finale was that the national debt
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 149.
of the kingdom was doubled instead of being
diminished.
It is my purpose to show that this cherished
plan of paying off the interest-bearing bonds
of the Government with United States " legal-
tender '' notes lias no warrant in the Constitu-
tion of the United States, in the act of Con-
gress of February 25, 18G2, which first author-
ized their issue, neither is it justified by the
plainest principles of political economy or the
soundest precepts of common sense.
In the first place, I meet the whole question
"without gloves," and affirm that there exists
no constitutional power in the Congress of the
United States to make paper money a "legal
tender" in payment of debts. I admit that
under the pressure of extreme necessity, and
in order to save the life of the nation, Congress
did, in the darkest hours of the rebellion, as-
sume the right to impress on a limited amount
of Treasury notes the quality of a "legal
tender." And I admit that this extreme
measure was justified by the extraordinary cir-
cumstances under which it was adopted, and
that, under like circumstances, I should not
hesitate to repeat the experiment; but I can
yield nothing further. A measure of national
defense under the weighty pressure of war that
brings a strain upon the Constitution of the
country is not to be continued, much less ex-
tended, as a principle of financial policy in
times of peace, without seriously endangering
the whole framework of our Government.
The wise men who, in 1787, constructed the
great charter of our national rights, had ex-
perimental knowledge of the pernicious ten-
dencies of an irredeemable paper currency, for
in the year 1780 paper money issued to carry
on the war of the Revolution had depreciated
to such an extent that in the city of Philadel-
phia it was sold, a hundred dollars in paper for
one in silver. Hence it will be found that in
framing the Constitution they sought in every
possible way to guard against the evils incident
to a circulating medium made up of "paper
promises."
In article one, section eight, of the Constitu-
tion as adopted by the people, we find that the
Congress is invested with power "to borrow
money on the credit of the United States."
Referring to volume three of the Madison
Papers, pages 1314, 134-j, and 1346, we ascer-
tain that when Mr. llutledge. on the 0th of
August, delivered the report of the Committee
of Detail, this power "to borrow money" was
placed in connection with a power that the
Convention utterly refused to grant Congress,
to wit, the power " to emit hills on the credit
of the United States ; " so that the paragraph
read in this wise: "The Legislature of the
United States shall have power to borrow mo-
ney and emit bills on the credit of the United
States."
On the 16th of August, 1787, the section
being under consideration involving the power
to borrow money, &c., Mr. Gouverneur Morris
moved to strike out the words "and emit
bills," for the reason, said Mr. Morris, that
" if the United States had credit, such bills
would be unnecessary; if they had not, they
would be unjust and useless."
Mr. Madison inquired "if it would not be
sufficient to prohibit the making them a
tender."
Mr. Butler remarked that "paper was a
legal tender" in no country in Europe, lie
" was urgent for disarming the Government
of such a power."
On the motion for striking out. the words
"and emit bills" nine States, including Mr-
ginia, voted in the affirmative, and but two,
New Jersey and Maryland, in the negative.
In a note, at the foot of page 1340, volume
thx'ee, Madison Papers, are found these sig-
nificant words:
" This rote in the affirmative by Virginia was oc-
casioned by the acqme^ennce of Mr. Madison, who
became satisfied that striking out the words would
uut dus.iblc the Government trom the u^e ol public
notes, as far as they could be &.iic and pioper, and
would only cut oli' the pretext for a paper euireney.
aud particularly for making the bills a tender lor
either public or private debts.''
So the power " to emit bills'1 on the credit
of the United States was refused to Congress,
while the power u to com money suid regulate
the value thereof, and of foreign coin," was
expressly conferred by the Constitution.
It is in vain to contend, as some'extravagant
theorists have done, that this power "to coin
money'7 carries with it the power to stamp
paper and convert it into lawful money of the
United States.
The lexicographer tells us that the verb "to
coin " means " to stamp a metal and convert
it into money."
Besides, I have already shown that the Con-
vention that framed the Constitution settled
the construction for all time, when they struck
out the words, *;to emit bills of credit," lest
their retention might seem to justify the crea-
tion of " paper money" by the national Legis-
lature.
In section ten of the first article of the Con-
stitution it is provided that—
"No State shall coin money, emit bills of crcdifc,
or make anything but gold and silver coin a tender
in payment of debts."
So that we find among the powers delegated
to the Federal (government, i( the power to coin,
money (that is, to imprint upon metals the char-
acter of money) and " to regulate the value
thereof." And among the powers denied to
the States this very power " to coin money,"
so essential an attribute of sovereignty, and the
power that was refused to Congress, " to emit
bills of creditj" and the further power "to
make anything but gold and silver coin a ten-
der in payment of debts."
The conclusion of the matter is this: the
power to make United States notes or bank
bills ua tender in payment of debts'" having
been denied to the States, and never conferred,
upon the Government of the United States,
remains an undelegated power in the hands of
the people by virtue of the tenth article of the
amendments of the Constitution :
"The powers not delegated to the United Statfis "by
the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to tbe States,
are reserved to the States* respectively or to the
people."
The opinions of Daniel Webster upon con-
stitutional powers are commonly received by
his countrymen with respect and confidence.
In his speech on u the specie circular,"
delivered in the Senate of the United States
on the :21st of December. 1*36, found in the
fourth volume of Webster's Works, page 265,
he says :
"Currency, in a large and perhaps in a just sense,
includes notonlygokl andcilver and bank notes, but
.bills of exchange also. It may include all that ad-
justs exchanges and settles balancesin the operations
ot trade and business.
" But if wcundeistand by currency the legal money
of the country and that which constitutes a lawiul
tender ior debts and is the statute measure of value,
then, undoubtedly, nothing is included but gold and
silver.
"Most unquestionably there is no legaltender, and
there can be no legal tender in this country under
the authority of this Government or any other, but
gold ami silver, either the coinage of our own mints
or foreign coins at rates regulated bj" Congress.
" This is a constitutional principle, periectly plain
and ot the very highest importance. The States aro
expressly prohibited trom making any thing but gold
and silver a tender m payment of debts; and, al-
though no such express piohibition is applied to
Congress, yet, as Congress had no power grunted to
it in this respect, but to coin money and to regulate
the value of foreign coins, it clearly ha> no power to
substitute paper or anything else lor coin as a tender
m payment ot debts and in discharge of contracts.
Congress has exercised this power lull> m both its
branches. It has coined money, find still coins it;
it has regulated the value ot foreign coins, and still
regulates their value.
The legal tender, therefore, the constitutional
standard ol value is established, and cannot be over-
thrown. To overthrow it would shake the whole
system.''
It was reserved for the Thirty-Seveiith Con-
gress of the United States to assert and exert
a power, so obviously opposed to the wishes of
the Iraniers of the Constitution, to the letter
and spirit of the instrument itself, and to its
practical construction for three fourths of a
century. But it was exerjpd in the darkest
hour of the nation's conflict with treason atid
rebellion. It was exerted ex
save the life of our glorious Republic,
