THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i$ II
served that this was very English-like and very
broad in the jurisdiction proposed to be con-
ferred. There is not nceessarily any crime in
the jurisdiction here proposed to be conferred.
In the next report it was proposed to allow the
tribunal jurisdiction for "treason, bribery, and
corruption." It will be observed that they
began to get away from the English prece-
dents and to approach the final result at which
they arrived. The jurisdiction here proposed
was partly criminal and partly broad and open,
not necessarily involving penal liability. In
the next report it was proposed that impeach-
ment should be allowed for "treason or
bribery"—nothing else. It will be observed
that here was nothing but gross, flagrant crime.
This jurisdiction was considered too limited
and was opened, and that gives us the juris-
diction we have in the present Constitution,
"treason, bribery, or other high crimes and
misdemeanors"—no malpractice, no neglect
of duty, nothing that left the jurisdiction open.
The jurisdiction is shut and limited by any fair
construction of this language; and it was in-
tended to be shut. It is impossible to observe
the progress of the deliberations of the Conven-
tion'upon this single question, beginning with the
broadest and most open jurisdiction and ending
in a jurisdictiofl defined in these technical terms
of law, without coming to the conclusion that
it was their determination that the jurisdiction
should be circumscribed and limited.
But in what character, Senators, do you sit
here? You have heard the argument of the
Managers ; you have heard their frequent dis-
cussions upon this subject all through the pro-
gress of the cause, appealing to English pre-
cedents to maintain the position that you sit
here not as a court, but as an inquest of office
or as some nameless tribunal with unbounded
and illimitable jurisdiction. Now. we have
precedents, we have our own precedents upon
this subject; and let me call your attention to
them for a few moments.
But, before doing so, I desire to say that it
has been heard for the first time in this trial
that this tribunal, sitting as you are sitting,
was anything else than a court. I challenge
the gentlemen in all the investigations they
may have made of the action of the constitu-
tional Convention, of the utterances of jurists,
or of anything that has been said or done to
throw light upon this inquiry, to produce any-
thing calculated to make the impression that
the tribunal that tried impeachment was any-
thing else than a court.
Let us look, Senators, to our own precedents.
We have had five trials of impeachment in the
United States. The first was the case of Blount.
What was the language of the tribunal in that
trial—not of counsel, but of the tribunal itself"?
What was its language upon this identical ques-
tion ? Hear it. When they came to give their
final decision they did it in this language:
" The court is of opinion that the matter alleged in
the plea, of the defendant is sufficient in Jaw to show
that this court ought not to hold jurisdiction of the
said impeachment, and that the said impeachment
be dismissed."
That is good authority. It is good Ameri-
can precedent upon this question. It is the
deliberate opinion of the Senate of the United
States in the first trial in which it sat in this
capacity, declaring itself, ill the most solemn
language it uttered throughout the trial, its final
decision, to be a court and not an inquest ot
office or some nameless thing that by reason
of its mystery is calculated to frighten, or at
least to confuse.
What was the next case? The Pickering
case. I am referring now to the appendix to
volume three of the Senate Journal. On pages
489 and 507 the language of the body will be
found on this subject in the following form :
in its process, its own language, it styles itself
" the Senate sitting in their capacity of a court
of impeachment," and the last action of the
body, their decision, was upon the question in
this form :
"Is the court of opinion that John Pickering bo
removed ?"
So, too, in the next, the Chase trial. The
President in that case styles the body a
"court," and, more fortunate than the Chief
Justice in this, escaped all censure from the
Managers of the House of Representatives.
In the next, the case of Peck, the tribunal
itself took the final vote under its own resolu-
tion in this language:
" Resolved, That this court will now pronounce
judgment in the ease of James H. Peek, judge of the
United States court for the district of Missouri."
In the case of Judge Humphreys, in 1882,
the Senate styled itself in all its proceedings
" the high court of impeachment."
Senators, I have gone over every precedent
we have in our own history upon this question,
and I show that in every instance the body,
the Senate, in those trials solemnly declared
itself to be a court. If we are to go for pre-
cedents let us take our own rather than the
precedents from abroad which have been so
liberally quoted by the Managers on this occa-
sion.
In what spirit, Senators, should you try this
ease ? Allow me to refer you upon this sub-
ject to the language of Story in his Commenta-
ries on the Constitution, to be found on page
216, section seven hundred and forty-three.
I beg your attention to this languageof Justice
Story upon the question which I have just pro-
pounded :
"The groat objects to be attained in the selection
of a tribunal for the trial of impeachments are im-
partiality, integrity, intelligence, and independence.
If either of these be wanting the trial must bo
radically imperfect. To securoimpartiality the body
must be in some degree removed from popular
power and passions, from the influence of sectional
prejudice, and from tho more dangerous influence
of party spirit. To secure integrity there must be
a lofty sense of duty and a deep responsibility to
future times and to God. To secure intelligence
there must be age, experience, and high intellectual
powers as well as attainments. To securo independ-
ence there must be numbers as well as talonts, and
a confidence resulting at onco from permanency of
place, dignity of station, and enlightened patriot-
ism."
On the next page he adds:
"Strictly speaking, the power"—
That is, the power of impeachment—
"partakes of a political character; and on this ac-
count it requires to be guarded in its exercise against
the spirit of faction, the intolerance of party, and
the sudden movements of popular feeling."
Senators, this is not my language; it is the
language of" a distinguished jurist whom you
all respect. While it is not mine, I affirm, by
-all our own authorities, by our own teachings
on this subject, that it is a true and faithful
portraiture of what is meant in the Constitu-
tion by the tribunal which tries impeachments.
And for this very purpose you have been sworn
anew to prepare you for this new duty. The
oath which you took when you entered this
Chamber as Senators was a political, legisla-
tive oath. The oath that is now upon you is
purely judicial, to do impartial justice.
We are, then, Senators, in a court. What
are you to try? You are to tiy the charges
contained in these articles of impeachment,
and nothing else. Upon what are you to try
them? Not upon common fame; not upon the
price of gold in Now York, or upon any ques-
tion of finance; not upon newspaper rumor;
not upon any views of party policy; you are to
try them upon the evidence offered here and
nothing else, by the obligation of your oaths.
What is the issue before you? Allow me to
say it is not a question whether this or that
thing were done. You are not here to try a
mere act. By the very terms of the Constitu-
tion you can only try in this tribunal crime.
Let me repeat the jurisdiction:
" Treason, bribery, and other high crimes and mis-
demeanors.''
The jurisdiction is shut within that language,
and the issue that this court can try is only the
issue of crime or no crime. What is crime?
In every grade of it, Senators, there must be
unlawful purpose and intention. Where these
are wanting there cannot be crime. There
must be behind the act the unlawful purpose
prompting its commission; otherwise there can
be no crime.
Let me illustrate. Suppose a crazy man
should burst into this Chamber and kill one of
us. He has committed the act of homicide ;
he has not committed a crime. ,,,
Let me put the case in a different form.
Suppose a President should become derjEngfed,
and while in that condition should-plot" trea-
son, attempt to bribe, and break law upon law,
would you impeach him? You hare no juris-
diction to try him upon impeachment. .
Let me put another case not supposititious.
President Lincoln claimed and exercised the
power of organizing military commissions,
under which he arrested and imprisoned citi-
zens within the loyal States. He had ao act
of Congress warranting it; and the Supremo
Court has decided that the act was against the
express provisions of the Constitution. Now
comes the question, and I beg your attention
to it: suppose he did violate the expresB pro-
visions of the Constitution, according to the
gentlemen on the other side he must be con-
victed. I beg to read from the argument of
one of the Managers upon that subject. Says
the Manager who addressed you on the day
before yesterday:
"Nor can the President prove or plead the motive
by which he professes to have been governed in his
violation of the laws of the country." * *
* * "The necessary, tho inevitable presump-
tion in law is, that bo acted under the influence of
bad motives in so doing, and no evidence can be in-
troduced controlling or coloring in any degree this
necessary presumption of the law.
"IlavinK, therefore, no right to entertain any mo-
tive contrary to his constitutional obligation to exe-
cute tho laws he cannot plead his motive. Inasmuch
as be can neither plead nor prove his motive, the
presumption of the law must remain that in violat-
ing his oath of office and the Constitution of tho
United States he was influenced by a bad motive."
The gentleman seems to acknowledge that
there must be motive. There can be no crime
without motive. But when the -party comes
forward and offers to prove it his answer is,
"You shall not prove it." When he comes
forward and offers to prove it from his warm,
living heart, the answer is, " We will make
up your motive out of the presumptions of law,
and conclude you upon that subject; we will
not hear you." The command is "silence"
when you propose to prove the exact motive
by which you were prompted in the act.
No, Senators; the jurisdiction of this body is
to try crime. There is no crime without un-
lawful intention and purpose. You cannot get
it without the unlawful intent or purpose be-
hind the act prompting its commission. Why,
what is the judgment that you shall render in
this case? Not did the President do this or
that act; that is not your inquiry; but was he
guilty of a high misdemeanor in the purpose
with which he did the act ?
With thesep reliminary observations, I pro-
pose to proceed to a brief examination of the
merits of the case.
You are now all of you, Senators, familiar
with the articles of impeachment, and I need
not attempt to go over them article by article.
I have this to say, and you will all concur with
me instantly upon making tho statement: the
first eight articles are built upon two acts of
the President; the one, the removal of Stan-
ton, the other the letter of authority given
to Thomas. Now, if you will take up these
eight articles, and then the last, the eleventh,
and notice the substantial part of them, around
which they throw their charges of bad intent
and their averments, you will see that in the
whole eight articles there are but these two
acts, the removal of Stanton and the letter ot
authority to Thomas, so that we have only to
inquire in reference to these two acts in order
to ascertain the merits of this case upon these
eight articles, and in fact I may say the elev-
enth also.
If the President of the United States had
the right to remove Edwin M. Stanton, then
these eight articles are without support. If, in
addition to that, he had the right to give that
letter of authority to Lorenzo Thomas, the
eight articles fall in ruins instantly. There is
no Senator who has studied this ease who will
not see the accuracy of this statement at once ;
