1866,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
witli (he business that was pressing upon him
from the very great number of those claims i
that must come before him for examination, I |
aided in passing that law in order to give him
the assistance that I thought and still think
he needs.
That statement, coming from him, is not to
he answered by the fact that any member of
the Committee on Foreign Relations in this
body is not prepared to go through and undergo
a cross-examination upon exactly what all this
business is. I do not know, nor do I pretend
to know, nor is it necessary that I should know
in order to come to a right understanding of
the question on that statement from the officer
at the head of that Department. That neces-
sity pressing upon him is as great now as it has
been, and the only question, as it strikes me,
which is pending before the Senate is simply
this: shall we deprive him of this assistance
which any one can see who is at all familiar
with the workings of the Department may be
necessary to him, and which he avers is abso-
lutely necessary in order to enable him to dis-
cbarge the duties of that Department and to
meet the requisitions upon him from our fel-
low citizens which he must necessarily be called
upon to meet? My opinion is, as I said before,
that this officer is necessary, and I am unwill-
ing to have him dispensed with.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Maine has referred to the testimony
of the Secretary of State some time ago at the
creation of this office. I am able to communi-
cate his testimony this morning. In the course
of business I saw him before the meeting of
the Senate ; and when allusion was made to
the proposition to abolish the office of the
examiner of claims he expressed himself very
strongly against it, saying he regarded that
office as essential to the business of the Depart-
ment. He did not see how the business could
be conducted to the satisfaction of the com-
munity without that office. Now, that is his
testimony.
Senators have undertaken to cross-examine
me on the subject; they have asked me to give
a bill of particulars of all that this officer has
done. I am not able to do it. I give my opin-
ion on what I know. I have known the opin-
ion of the Secretary of State, and of other
persons in the Department now, for several
years on this subject. Then, being at the De-
partment in the transaction of official business,
I have had occasion to see this officer myself.
Then, from my connection with the Committee
on Foreign Relations, I have necessarily had
agreat deal of correspondence with the Depart-
ment of State ; hardly a day passes that I do
not receive communications of some kind from
the Department covering papers and reports
of different kinds. It is in those communica-
tions that I have had occasion to see the active
talent and industry of this officer.- I have seen
it year b}' year and month by month. Now,
that, is my testimony. It may not satisfy my
cross-examiners, the Senator from New York
or the Senator from Wisconsin, and I freely
say, in reply to them, that I cannot furnish the
details. 1 never have busied myself to inquire
into them. Enough if I satisfied myself that
the office was important to the public interests.
Personally I can have no interest in this. My
acquaintance with this officer is very slight;
since he has been here T have had nothing but
official relations with him ; but I am obliged to
say that in my opinion he has rendered essen-
tial service to oar country, and that his office
ought not to be abolished.
The Senator from Wisconsin made an analy-
sis of the different kinds of claims that might
be presented to our Government. I do not
object to his analysis ; but take, for instance,
the claims of foreign Powers on the United
States ; there is a very extensive classj and
when they are presented it can hardly be^
expected that the Secretary of State himself
will make the first examination of perhaps the
complicated papers attending those claims.
He necessarily puts that into the hands of
another person, who goes over them and makes
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 213.
his abstract, and prepares the way for the
final examination by the Secretary himself.
And so when our own fellow-citizens present
their claims to the Department of State, ask-
ing the Department to transmit them to Eng-
land or to France, or towlierever else the claim-
ant may appeal; the Secretary of State is not
able himself to go over these claims and all
the proofs accompanying them. In the first
place, he must commit that duty to another
person who performs what in the profession
might be called the duty of the attorney, who
prepares the case for the final action of the Sec-
retary himself.
I believe in all this matter there is no mys-
tification. nor is there any exaggeration. It
is all plain as human duty, and I believe it
grows out of the necessities of the public ser-
vice. I hope, therefore, that both these offi-
cers will be allowed to remain, the examiner
of claims and the Second Assistant Secretary of
State.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts to the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. 1 supposed the
question was on the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Indiana.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is not
in order. The amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts is an amendment to an
amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But is it not in
order to perfect the words proposed to be
stricken out?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in
order to perfect the bill, but this is part of an
amendment merely.
Sir. CONKL1NG. Mr. President, as it
seems we are about to vote upon the whole of
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Massachusetts, I wish to make one suggestion.
The strength of the case against the amend-
ment of the Committee on Appropriations is
the advice of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions ; and now before making a statement, I
wish to read to the Senate what the Senator
from Massachusetts said yesterday. The
amendment of the committee being read, which
amendment proposed to put an end to three
officers, the second under-sceretary, the ex-
aminer of claims, and the superintendent of
statistics, the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts made this statement:
"I was about, to say that I ivas instructed by the
Committee on Koroisrn lte'ations to oppose the adop-
tion of this amendment, and to move instead thereof
an appropriation for the otheers whose offices it is
proposed bv this amendment to destroy. This amend-
ment is aimed at certain officers in the Department
of State."
And the Senator then proceeded to argue
the importance of all three of these persons
and the impropriety and danger of putting an
end to the offices of all three alike. Now, Mr.
President, that we may see in one instance the
extent of that critical process by which the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions supervises and overrules the Committee
on Appropriations, I wish to make this state-
ment: I was visited this morning by a person
who knows better than the Senator from Massa-
chusetts can know what is done in the Bureau
of Statistics in the State Department, as it is
called, and from him I learn that if this amend-
ment of the committee is adopted, so far as
the superintendent of statistics is concerned it
puts an end to the tenure of a man who has
had for a long period of time nothing in the
world to do with the business of statistics in
the State Department, who has simply received
his salary, not professing to render any service
in return. I am informed, further, that the
adoption of this amendment, sweeping away
that place, will leave the actual preparation
and compilation of statistics in precisely the
same hands in which it is now—the hands of
an unthanked clerk ofthe Department, detailed
by the Secretary of State to do that business,
a man who receives nothing specifically for
doing it, but who takes Ilia compensation as a
clerk, asking nothing more, and for that com-
pensation does -ail! the service for which we
have been paying. And yet the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts (as I said yester-
day, the great orb of the State Department,
who rises periodically in his effulgence and
sends his rays down the steep plSce^ here to
cast a good many dollars into the sea) rises
and says that he is unanimously instructed by
the Committee on Foreign Relations, instrb-
stance, to inform the Senate that they are
approaching the edge of a precipice, and that,
they are to do great harm if they abolish this
office, because he grouped them all together
and made one equal in his indispensability
with the other two.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator allow me
to correct him there?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly, asl am always
honored to be corrected by the Senator. '
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is very much
mistaken. I made a distinction between the
offices, and my motion is to strike out of the
amendment of the committee that part'which
proposes to abolish the offices of examiner of
claims and of Second Assistant Secretary of
State, leaving the amendment of the commit-
tee, so far as it touches the statistical clerkship,
unaffected. And in the course of my remarks,
if the Senator will do me the honor to look at
them, ho will find that I made that distinction ;
and I began my remarks this morning by say-
ing that i had nothing to say with regard to
the statistical clerkship; I should leave that
in the hands ofthe Senate. I made my ques-
tion with regard to the two other officers whose
existence in the Department I thought import-
ant to the public interests.
Mr. CONKLING. The proposition of the
Senator to leave one of these offices in the
hands of the Senate implies that the Senate
is not to be permitted to pass upon the other
two. It reminds me of a meeting somewhat
famous which took plaee in a certain office in
State street, Albany, where a certain mail in
New York, after making up the entire State
ticket on the Democrat side, came down to the
State prison inspector and had some difficulty
about it in his own mind; he could not solve
it to his own satisfaction, and'so finally he
said, "It is of no consequence; we willleave
that to the convention; let them nominate a
State prison inspector." [Laughter.] The
Senator from Massachusetts proposes to make
final disposition of all this matter cxcept with
regard to this one officer, and that he will leave
to the Senate ! I rather think, Mr. President,
that before we have finished, all this will be
left to the Senate by some hook or crook, and
upon that theory 1 will continue to make an
observation or two.
I repeat now that the Senator stated, as I read
3'esterday, that he was instructed; let me give
his language:
" I was insti acted by the Committee on Foreign
Relations to oppose the adoption ot this amendment,
and to move instead ttiereof an appropriation for
the officers who&e offices it is proposed by this amend-
ment to destroy."
Does not that mean the superintendent of
statistics as much as it means anybody else?
The Senator may have had some mental reser-
vation about it. I am aware that lie did go on
afterward to argue and to propose to take the
question upon the latter part of the amend-
ment first. I know that he said this morning
that in his judgment this officer, the superin-
tendent of statistics, ought not to be abolished,
that he thought it was not wise or safe to do it,
but he intimated that he had not so much feel-
ing about that as he had about the other two.
But I was commenting npon his statement
made yesterday, that his committee backed him
in saying to the Senate that this amendment
of the Appropriation Committee ought not to
be adopted, but that appropriations ought to
be made for the officers, to wit, three in num-
ber, whom it was proposed to strike out. It is
to that I am calling attention, and there the
record bears me out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I beg leave to say that
that is precisely what the committee did agree
to do.
