3394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
Mr. CONKL1NG. Certainly. I had no
.doubt about it. The Senator from Maine shows
now that I am right in quoting the Senator
from Massachusetts, and that the Senator from
Massachusetts was right in quoting the author-
ity of his committee. 1 had no doubt about
it. Under these circumstances, having sat a
number of times, as I have said, as the hum-
blest member of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, under the somewhat caustic animad-
versions of the Senator from Massachusetts,
implying that we are in outer darkness on all
these subjects, and that if knowledge is not
confined to him it certainly is confined to some-
body who does not belong to the Appropria-
tion Committee, I have taken the trouble to
repeat the statement which was made to me
this morning on undoubted authority, that this
work is done in the State Department by an
untbanked clerk, designated, perhaps, by a
wave of the hand of the Secretary of State to
Derform this duty, and repealing the existing
law as regards the superintendent of statistics
will leave that same clerk performing the same
duty, and make no change except that a man
six hundred miles away, having for two or
three years drawn the salary of this place, will
cease to draw it.
Now, Mr. President, I have only to say that
in my belief the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, when they gave this instruction, were
not permitted by the chairman of the commit-
tee to enjoy the benefit of all the information
which he says he has on this subject. On the
contrary, that committee, after proper tuition
by its chairman, after being educated as far as
it is capable of being educated in the mys-
teries of the State Department, by him, would
never, 1 apprehend, have instructed him to
come here and caution the Senate against, the
false and almost, fatal step that it was likely to
take in abolishing, among other things, the
office of the superintendent of statistics in the
State Department, and as we are compelled
now to vote upon his amendment as it stands
together 1 trust that it will be voted down, and
that the Senator from Indiana will have an
opportunity to propose his amendment, and
allow Mr. Hunter to stand upon his own foot-
ing, because I am very free to say, in harmony
with my honorable friend from Wisconsin, that
of these three places the Second Assistant
Secretary, under all the circumstances, seems
to me the one to retain, if indeed we are to
retain either.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the Senator
from New Yoik has a passion for misunder-
standing me at least; and he has a manner of
expressing it imported from the other end of
the Capitol to which we have been less accus-
tomed, I believe in this Chamber, than others
have been in the House of Representatives. I
am sorry. I wish it were otherwise. I have
tried to make a frank statement. I have no
personal interest; I am seeking nothing but
the public interest. I do not doubt that the
Senator from New York is also seeking the
public interest; I make no suggestion to the
contrary, though I do not see that the public
interest requires the peculiar line of argument
and cross-examination and the manner which
the Senator has chosen to adopt; but that is
for him to choose, and not for me.
The Senate will bear me witness that from
the beginning of this discussion I made a plain
distinction between these different offices. I
said that I had little to say for the clerkship
of statistics beyond this; that 1 thought when
the change was made it should bo transferred
to a general bureau of statistics wherever that
might be, whether in the Treasury Department
or in any other Department of the Govern-
ment, or whether such bureau should be ele-
vated into a department. My criticism on the
present proposition was that- it abolished the
office in the State Department without trans-
ferring its duties anywhere else. That is all.
I did not even know the present incumbent,
and 1 made no inquiry with regard to him,
for in this whole matter I acted, if I may so
express myself, impersonally. I had no in-
dividual in view whose interests I wished to
promote.
Now, I ask the Senate if 1 have been treated
candidly by the Senator from New York? In
the face of my open statement., that with regard
to this statistical clerkship I was comparatively
indifferent, that [ did not think the public
interests would suffer if it were abolished, that
therefore I made no plea for its preservation,
but that I willingly left it to the Senate, was it
candid for the Senator to make the comments
upon me that he did? 1 propound the ques-
tion and leave it.
And that brings me again to the two other
officers with regard to which I made a clear
distinction. I regarded then both of them as
performing duties important to the public ser-
vice. Now, it. seems to me generally admitted
all around the Chamber that with regard to one
of them I was right. Even the Senator from
New York does not ask to have the Second
Assistant Secretary of State sacrificed; but he
says, hand over the examiner of claims, let
him be sacrificed; and the argument, if I
understand his last speech, is that the Senator
from Massachusetts insisted that the statistical
clerkship should be preserved, and because,
according to his representation, J so insisted,
in his opinion, and on good grounds, as exhib-
ited by him, the statistical clerkship ought not
to be preserved, therefore these others should
not be ! I do not understand that logic. I do
not understand the logic of taking up a case
to which I did not refer, on which I did not
build, with regard to which, in the discussion
to-day, I have made no pretension whatever.
I do not understand the logic of taking that
case, which may not be sustained by reason
or by fact, and arguing from that against the
other.
Admit that, the statistical clerkship should
be abandoned, does it follow that you must
abandon the other two offices? Clearly not.
I have from the beginning made a difference
between the cases ; though, as I said when I
opened my remarks yesterday—and little did
I think then that the discussion was to run on
in this way for so long a time—I was instructed
by the Committee on Foreign Relations to
oppose the whole amendment relating to the
three different officers. But then the commit-
tee took into view the different grounds—the
position in each case. They saw that the
statistical clerkship might be dispensed with
without great detriment to the public service,
but they thought that when it was dispensed
with its duties ought to be transferred to some
bureau of statistics, and that the measure as
now proposed was on that account incom-
plete ; therefore they instructed me to oppose
the abolition of that office under the present
amendment. Had any substitute been brought
forward to transfer the duties of that office to
the Bureau of Statistics, that would have pre-
sented entirely a different question.
_ The PRESiDEN T pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts to the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. SUMNEK called for the yeas and nays ;
and they were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not want to take
time ; but I think the only way I can reach the
result I wish to reach is to vote in favor of the
motion of the Senator from Massachusetts, to
strike out the whole clause, and then I shall
vote afterward to retain only the Second
Assistant Secretary. If I vote against his
amendment and to retain the clause reported
by the committee I do not perceive how I can
afterward divide it.
Mr. CONKLINGr. Then the amendment of
the Senator from Indiana reaches it.
^Mr. EDMUNDS. No; I do not think that
will be in order.
Mr. M0KI11LL, of Maine. I would inquire
whether, if this proposition of the Senator
from Massachusetts should be rejected, the
proposition of the Senator from Indiana, to
modify the amendment reported by the com-
mittee, would be in order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That would
be in order.
Mr. SUMNER. It would then be open to
amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to know bow 1 am
to vote. I wish to retain Mr. Hunter in office.
I think him a most valuable officer. I care
nothing about the other two clerks. How shall
I vote ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Tf the propo-
sition of the Senator from Massachusetts is
voted down, and the" proposition of the Sen-
ator from Indiana prevails afterward, the Sen-
ator from Minnesota will reach the end he
seeks to accomplish.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not so certain.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts to the amendment of the com-
mittee.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 14 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Cattell, Cragin, Dixon,
Doolittle. Drake, Edmunds. Fessenden, Freling-
huysen, Henderson, llnward, Johnson, jVIuCreery,
Morgan, Morrill of Vermont. Patterson of New
Hampshire, Patterson ol Tennessee, Ross, Spraguo,
Sumner, Willey, and Yates—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Cote, Conkling, Ferry,
Ilowe, Mori ill of Maine, Nye, Itamsey, ltice. Sher-
man, Stewart. Trumbull, "Wade, and Wilson—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalevr, Cameron,
Comicss, Corbett. Davis. Fowler, Grimes, llarian,
Hendricks, McDonald, Morton, Norton, Pnmeroy,
Salisbury, 'ihayer, Tipton, Van Winkle, Viekers,
and Williams—-0.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, with the permission
of the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Morrill,] I
will simply move to make the proper appropri-
ation in that clause tor these two officers.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Letusgo through
with the amendments of the Committee on
Appropriations. This clause may be changed
in the Senate; I shall propose further amend-
ments which may change the character of the
bill in that respect.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Clerk
will proceed with the reading of the bill.
The reading of the bill was continued, the
amendments reported by the Committee on
Appropriations being acted on in their order
as reached in the reading of the bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in line three hundred and
eighty-nine, to strike out ''five'' and insert
'•eleven,'' so as to appropriate for eleven clerks
of class four in the office of the Secretary of the
Treasury.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line three hun-
dred and ninety-one, to strike out "eleven''
and insert ''twelve," so as to appropriate for
twelve clerks of class three in the same office.
The amendment was agreed to.
_ The next amendment was in line three hun-
dred nnd_ ninety-two, to strike out "six" and
insert "fourteen," so as to appropriate for
fourteen clerks of class two in that office.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line three hun-
dred and ninety-three, to strike out ••six"
and insert '• fifteen,'' so as to appropriate for
fifteen clerks of class one in that office.
I he amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line three hun-
dred aud ninety-six, to strike out '• $66,400"
and insert "8101,800."
The amendment was agreed to.
^ The clause from* line three hundred and
eighty-eight to line three hundred and ninety-
seven, as thus amended, is as follows :
For compensation of the Secretary of the Treasury,
two Assistant Secretaries ot the Treasury, chiet clerk,
eleven elerks of class lour, additional to one clerk
of class f.iur as disbursing clerk, twelve elerks of
class three, iourteen clerks of class two, two clerks
°t class two, (transterred irom the Third Auditor's
office,) fifteen clerks of class one, (two of whom wero
transferred from the Third Auditor's office.) one mes-
