1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1347
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is the
understanding there is to be no further business
to-day?
The SPEAKER. It is. The gentleman
from Illinois has the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTFI. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. At what
hour can we call the previous question?
The SPEAKER. The vote is to be taken
at five o'clock. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania claims the floor as near as may be to
half past four o'clock, the Chair will accord it
to him to make the closing speech.
Mr. MUNGEN. Let me ask a single ques-
tion in regard to the limitation of time; and it
is whether the gentleman from Illinois, who
now holds the floor and who says he can whip
anytwo Democrats, [laughter,] will be allowed
thirty minutes in addition to the time he has
already occupied.
The SPEAKER. He will not; he has fifteen
minutes left.
Mr. GLOSSBRENNER. I move that the
House take a recess until half past seven
o'clock this evening.
Mr. SCHENOK. Is not that a violation of
the agreement?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The House can
adjourn or take a recess whenever it pleases.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that we take a
recess until ten o'clock on Monday morning.
The SPEAKER. That is in order. It will
be a continuation of the legislative session of
Saturday.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
68, noes 58.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Jonxsox and
Mr. Wilson:, of Pennsylvania, were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes 59, noes C6.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Mr.- Gi.ossbuexxeu's motion was agreed to ;
and thereupon (at live o'clock and teu minutes
p. m.) the House took a recess until half past
seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m., (Mr. Blaike in the chair as
Speaker pro tempore,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the report of the Committee on
Reconstruction in regaid to the impeachment
of the President.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I pro-
pose to occupy but little more time. I desire
to say after what was said this afternoon in
reference to the Army of the United States,
lest the impression should be made upon the
House and the country that I believed the
Army of the United States was disloyal, that I
entertain no such idea. I believe we have a
loyal Army ; I know that it was thoroughly
sifted during the war, and m its reorganization
since the war, in the main loyal men have been
appointed as officers, and I have no doubt loyal
men have enlisted in the ranks.
Nor do I wish anybody to understand from
what I may have said in reference to Dem-
ocrats. that I mean to charge that every Dem-
ocrat is a disloyal man. Any Democrat who
fought for the Union is a man and a brother,
and I am ready to take him by the hand. It is
only those Democrats who, before the war,
struck hands with the secessionists; who con-
stantly protested against our right to coerce
obedience to the law; who threw obstacles in
ihe way of recruiting or paying the Army, and
in every conceivable method endeavored to
hinder, delay, and prevent the reenforcement
of the Army during the war, and who, follow-
ing up that policy since the war, have struck
hands with Andrew Johnson and the enemy in
opposition to the work of reconstiuc^ion and
regeneration.
There arc now in theTJmted States, as thero
were before and during the war, thousands of
good, loyal, whole-hearted Democrats. I here
are, no doubt, many still left in the Democratic
party who will strike hands with us in uphold-
ing the Constitution and the laws and coercing
obedience thereto. While I regret that some
good men have been led astray—from what
cause I know not, error of judgment probably
—and are now acting, as I think, very errone-
ously with that party, (I am denouncing the
secession Democrats,) therefore I say I do
not wish to be understood as applying my
remarks to every man who acts with the Dem-
ocratic party, or who has acted with it.
I have said this much to prevent a wrong
impression that might possibly be created from
my remarks. There are in the Army, no doubt,
notwithstanding all that has been done, not-
withstanding the care that has been taken by
Secretary Stanton, General Grant, and a loyal
Congress to officer it with loyal men, some
pliant, serviceable tools, who like to bask in
the sunshine of power, who have great facility
for crooking
"The pregnant hinges of the knee,
Wilde thrift may follow fawning"—
in spite of all the loyal men of the country can
do, but they do not constitute the Army ; they
are but a fraction of it, and but an exception
to the general rule.
Now, sir, 1 have said about all I propose to
say either now or hereafter upon the question
before the House. I am willing to trust it to
thegood sense, sound judgment, discretion, and
patriotism of my fellow-members; and when
the House shall have done its duty and voted
the resolution which has been reported to the
House by the Committee on Reconstruction, I
believe the Senate has the firmness, patriotism,
and wisdom to put this man, Andrew Johnson,
on trial for high crimes and misdemeanors in
office, try him according to the rules which
should govern in such cases, and upon the evi-
dence presented convict him, and when he is
convicted remove him from the office which he
has so long disgraced; and the country will
breathe freer, the loyal people will take new
heart and courage, the tree of liberty will be-
come green again, the great swelling heart of
liberty will beat with a new impulse, and the
nation will go on in its career of greatness and
glory, which the President now obstructs and
hinders.
Sir, this nation has been too long disgraced
by this man, this accidental President, made
so by the assassin's pistol, this man who, in an
evil hour, was thrust upon the country. Too
long has he been an incubus and a disgrace to
this great and glorious nation. Let him be
removed. I would say, if it were the last day
but one before the termination of his term, and
my vote would remove him, remove him. If
it would but cut short his term one hour I would
cut it short and send him down to the future
incapable hereafter of holding any office of
honor, trust, or profit under the Government
of the IT nited States, thus proving his own words,
that there is power enough in a Republic to
punish a traitor. Let traitors understand, let
the world understand, that this is a Govern-
ment of the people, that this is a Republic
' where the governed are the Government; that
the people are mightier and stronger than Pres-
idents, and that the people's representatives
are not afraid to do their duty.
Messrs. BAKER and PHELPS next ad-
dressed the House. [Their speeches will be
published in the Appendix.]
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, I congratu-
late the country upon the fact apparent to-day
that Congress is about to rise to the dignity of
the great duty devolved upon it by the turpi-
tude of Andrew Johnson. I will support by
my vole, as I do by my voice, the report of the
committee, and the adoption of the resolution
by which it declares him worthy of impeach-
, ment for high crimes and misdemeanors. The
| committee's arraignment, sir, is too circum-
scribed for me. It presents, however, a single
point all-sufficient for the purpose—a gross vio-
lation of the Constitution, which he has sworn
to maintain and defend ; a crime clear, specific,
and broad enough to constrain the gentlemen
who united in the majority report of the commit-
tee on this question some weeks ago to approve
and prefer this with its opposite conclusion.
But, sir, I hold and assert that, however concise
may be the official arraignment, we afe about
to bring to trial the great criminal of our age
and country, a man who for two years has l^en
plotting with deliberate and bloody purpose the
overthrow of the institutions of our country.
This day two years ago will ever be notable
in the history of our country, because the
President of the United States then appeared
in the streets of the capital of the country, sur-
rounded by its rabble, by those who had ap-
plauded the murderers of his illustrious prede-
cessor, by men who, clad in confederate gray,
had fought the armies of the nation, and,
denouncing as an illegal and usurping body
the Representatives of the States and people,
pointed out by name a distinguished member
of the United States Senate and my venerable
colleague, [Mr. Stevbxs,] the then illustrious
leader of the House, as objects of the just ven-
geance and violence of the lawleil mob he
hailed as patriots and friends. He was at that
time, as is known to those who were in the habit
of visiting him and as his language on that day
announced to every student of history, engaged
in familiarizing himself with the worst prece-
dents furnished by the history of the revolu-
tionary eras of France. On theevening of that
day, as I have been informed by gentlemen who
are still his confidential friends, lie called the
attention of one of them to the fact that Robes-
pierre had in his early life been an advocate
of colored suffrage, and intimated by enven-
omed innuendo that thedistinguished gentlemen
toward whom he had in the afternoon directed
the violence of the mob were bloody-minded as
the cowardly Robespierre had become when
his power departed and dangers environed
him. In the course of liis seditious harangue
to the mob he spoke of the Reconstruction
Committee, which was composed of distin-
guished members of each House, and which was
then so carefully probing the difficulties of our
country, deliberating so wisely and patiently,
and seeking by every accessible means the just
remedy for the ills rebellion had brought upon
us, as the "central directory," by the use of
which pSrase, borrowed from the most fearful,,
pages of revolutionary story, he doubtless hoped
to inflame the passions of the bloody-minded
people with whom he was consorting, and in-
duce them to believe that the committee was
assuming the powers of the Government in
defiance of the Constitution, the laws, and the
usages of the country.
Sir, before God and the people, I affirm ray
belief that it was then his intention to over-
throw the Government and execute the pur-
pose he had intimated before leaving Tennes-
see, to wit: that should he become President,
and believe it to be necessary to save the life
of the nation, he would perpetuate his power.
Possessed by the thought of the Presidency
and the possible perpetuation of his power,
there stood between him, Vice Presidentelect,
and the position in which it would take but
his own selfish interest to persuade him that
the perpetuation of his power was essential
to the life of the nation, but one life, that
of Abraham Lincoln, and that life, a few days
after Mr. Johuson was inaugurated as the Presi-
dent' s constitutional successor, violence re-
moved ; and I charge that on the 22d of Febru-
ary, two years ago, he sought to bring the
wildest passions of the violent and disappointed
men of the South to bear upon both branches of
the national Legislature for the purpose of per-
petuating his power. And last night, tvs J sat
in the War Department, contemplating the fact
that but for the unassailable virtue of one man
Andrew Johnson would havehadhis St. Arnaud
in control of the American Army as Louis
Napoleon had his in control of the army of
the French republic on the 1st of December,
1852. and you will pardon me for saying so,
that I felt I had been gifted with the spirit of
prophecy when, on the 15th of March, 18C6,
nearly two years ago, I warned my owupeople,
and, so far as my feeble words would go, those
