1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4419
these wonderfully philanthropic schemers, it is pro-
posed to send two gentlemen to Washington that
they may enlighten Congress in regard to all the
iniquitous deeds being perpetrated in Texas, and
urge upon that body the immediate sanction and
adoption of these measures, Now, sir, what is to be
the result of all this, if 5 our efforts succeed? It docs
not. require the inspiration of a prophet, nor the wis-
dom ot a seer to foresee it. The bitter enmities en-
gendered by the late war, and which have been only
partially buried, will again spring into life in full
vigor. Malice and hatred, the legitimate parents
of vice and crime, ^iil again be aroused in all their
deadly fury. Wounds that have been partiallyhealed
by the plastic baud of tunc will again be opened
afresh; midnight will again bemadehideouslylumin-
ous with the glare ot the incendiary's brand and
torch; consternation and death will stalk broadcast
throughout the land; the earth will again be drenched
in blood, and the wail of despair and grief that will
go up from this devoted couniry will be sufficient to
appal the car of Heaven I Sir, I warn gentlemen
against the adoption of this measure, if they would
avoid plunging the country into utter ruin.
"They tell us, however, that they are in favor of
4 equal rights before the law/ and yet they propose
to whittle down the list of registration, and place a
colored minority in power over the white majority.
"'Let us have peace' you«ay, and yet you adopt
the most c rtain menus of bringing about a civil
war or an absolute military despotism.
'"We arc lor economy,' say you, and yet you in-
dulge in the most extravagant expenditures for the
advancement ot your own partisan purposes.
" You invite immigration to the State, and yet you
tell the world that the white men ot Texas arc thieves,
robbers, and murderers, or their friends and allies.
Do gentlemen desire that the lawless banditti of the
world should come to Texas? If so, they are right
in publishing this report, for it offers every induce-
ment to that class of men to come. ' 0 consistency,
thou art a jewel r "
Surely these speeches make the aim and
object of .Radical leaders too plain for com-
ment; and this is the bill they rely on and
demand to enable them to carry out their nefa-
rious purposes. As additional evidence of the
falsehood of the charges made by these men
in Texas of wholesale murders there as a pre-
text for the passage of this bill, I will next
read the remonstrance of the Democratic dele-
gation from Texas to the New York conven-
tion ; gentlemen of the very highest position
and respectability in the State, whose veracity
will not be doubted by the country, though I
suppose their statement will have but little
weight on the other side of the House. I laid
it before the committee and will read it here
merely premising for the benefit of the other
side that General Boughton and Judge Han-
cock at least were men of unquestioned loy-
alty from the beginning to the end of the war.
Rooms of the Texas Delegation,
New York, July 9,186S.
To the Senate and House of lieprcsentatives. United
Statu? of America :
It having come to the knowledge of the delegation
fVom Texas to the national Democratic convention,
just held in this city, that the Skate convention now
in session at Austin, iu tho State of Texas, has de-
puted certain persons to rcptesent to the Congress
of the United States that an extraordinary state of
lawlessness exists in said State, against loyal Union
men by the late confederate partisans, and that tho
lives of loyal Union men and freedmen in different
and most parts of said State are unsafe, &c. The
said delegation do protest against the tiuth of the
said representations, and have agreed that Hon.
John Hancock and General Horace Boughton, ori-
ginal and unqueslionableUnion men ot our State, be
appointed by us to bear this our protest and state-
ment to Washington, and there lay the same before
the Congress, or a committee of Congress, to the end
that just and true information be furnished on this
subject.
And the said delegation does now here say and
represent that tho said representations of said con-
ventional committee from Austin are unlounded and
en''rely wanting in truth.
That the members of our delegation are from all
parts of the State, and their united and undivided
testimony is thnt no such state of things exists in
Texas as represented by the delegation from Austin,
and that said representations are iuteuded to influ-
ence, unduly, public opinion outside of Texas, pre-
judicial to the deshe for peace on the part of our
citizens, and their good faith in the maintenance of
law and order.
That, we are assured by persons from all parts of
the State, including truly loyal citizens, that what-
ever degree of lawlessness prevails ^ in Texas is the
result of a disorganized state of society, consequent
upon the inefficiency, disorganization, and trans-
formation of the courts and juries, and is in no wise
ot a political chaueter.
That wc rely 011 tho known and distinguished
character of our deputies to contradict and counter-
vail the representations in Question, and by a fair
and truthful statement to spare our people the igno-
miny of having placed over thcra an armed police;
aud especially in times like these, when such armed
force would more than possibly bo composed of zoal-
j ous partisans, saying nothing of tho already onerous
I financial condition of our State and country,
j That, as well might wc collect the lists of crime in
1 New York or any other largo community, and set
| it down as an evidence of disloyalty and demoral-
j ization as to collect this data from the extended ter-
: ritory and sparsely settled regions of Texas and count
j it as an evidence of disloyalty on the part of our
I citizens.
I We therefore respectfully submit that no weight
! should be given to the representations in question,
! and that no action should be had on the same.
DAN. A. VEKTCH.
CHARLES B. JOHNSON.
HORACE BOUGHTON.
JOSEPH M. BURaoUGH,
JOHN HANCOCK,
ASHBELSMILJJ,
GEORGE W. SMITH,
G. II. GIDDllS'GS,
T. S. STOOKDALE,
STEPHEN POWERS,
GEORGE BUTTY,
J. If. BANTON.
Being requested, in conjunction with Judge Han-
cock, to present the above and foregoing statement by
said delegation to the honorable Congress, I would
in this connection beg leave to state that 1 was in
the national Army from the commencement to the
termination of the war, at the end of which I was a
brevet brigadier gen era). In December, 1S<35, having
been appointed assessor of internal revenue lor the
fourth collection district of Texas, and embracing a
large portion of the territory of said State, and not
less than one fourth of the entire population of the
State, I at once organized my said office at Mar-
shall, in Harrison county, giving employment to
f. om twenty to thirty persons in the discharge of the
duties of my office, and while tho assessment of taxes
on a people without representation is well calculatcd
to arouse unpleasant feelings, and even resistance,
I have encountered none, nor have 1 heard of any
violence or even insult offered to any one of my
employ6s, or to any other Federal officer,on account
of their political sentiments, past, or present.
HORACE BOUGH'iON.
Assessor of the fourth district of Texas.
Washington, July 11,1868.
1 am well acquainted in all the central and west-
ern parts of Texas, and fully indorse the foiegomg
statements as to those poittwiis ol tho State.
Veiy respectfully submitted,
JOHN HANCOCK.
Washington, July 11,18GS.
These facts seem to mo conclusive against
this bill. There is the statement of Judge
Evans, himself a Republican and a leading
member of the convention, and, as I said, a
friend of the distinguished gentleman from
Pennsylvania. There is the statement of the
Democratic delegation, of General Boughton
and Judge Hancock, and in addition to all this,
there stands the fact that the General of the
Army and General Reynolds have absolute
power to order as many troops there-as they
please, and to remove all the officers of the
provisional government in the State and ap-
point others. There is the fact that General
Reynolds, the present commander, is a Repub-
lican, and that Governor Pease himself is an
ultra Radical Republican prepared to do any-
thing necessary for success.
Mr. BOUT WELL. With the permission of
the gentleman, 1 desire to have read the report
of General Reynolds of the 4th of July, in
regard to the condition of things in Texas.
Mr. BECK. You can do that after I am
through. I know there are conflicting reports,
and that letter was read to the committee by
the gentleman from Massachusetts.
I admit, as I have already said, that there
are outrages in Texas, and, as I said, there
always have been. There are everywhere j in
New York and Philadelphia, Boston and every-
where else. But what I was going to say is,
thatas things now existthe white men of Texas
protest and this House ought to protest against
the reconstruction laws of Congress being set
aside and all power being conferred on the
convention, headed by a tew malignant parti-
sans who are seeking this power for the pur-
pose of crushing out opposition to them and
establishing a little oligarchy in defiance of the
will of the people of Texas, so as to secure
to themselves place and power as Governors,
Senators, and Representatives there and here,
by fraud and force. Send your Army. nay.
even your hreedmen's Bureau there, if you
j please : increase the power of your General
if he has not enough; do everything to pre-
serve the peace and prevent fraud in the elec-
tions, and I will stand by you. But in God's
name do not trample the people of Texas in
the dust under the heels of such a convention
as that and under the feet of the armed
negroes you propose to place as masters over
the white men there. That is all I have to
say upon that subject.
Nov/, Mr. Speaker, I ask this House, with
the Virginia convention dissolved, with Gov-
ernor Wells theqe, your own political partisan,
with all the machinery necessary to secure to
your party friends every advantage, and with
a bill passed in this House authorizing the elec-
tion to be held in August according to your
own laws, why will you reassemble that con-
vention? When tho^e men come and say that
all they ask is to deprive twenty-five thousand
white men of the right to vote, although as
much entitled to vole as they are, why will you
set aside your laws and the orders of your
commanders and allow that to be done? Why
will you turn out the men who were elected
in the State of Mississippi, and put in men
who were not elected, if a provisional govern-
ment has to be continued there? Why will
you, in the face of the statement of Judge
Evans and other members of the convention of
Texas, place this power in the hands of Gov-
ernor Pease, when he has announced that he
only wants it so that he may disfranchise
enough to give his party the control of the
State? Why will you establish armed bands
of negroes all over those States, and thus-in-
augurate a war of races, unless you are pre-
pared to avow before the country, what you
cannot well conceal, that you are determined
to count the electoral votes of these States for
General Grant, even if you have to disfran-
chise every white man in them in order to
enable you to do it, and ihen raise your hands
in holy horror aud chaige all men as revolu-
1 tionists who assert that such things shall not
j be permitted ?
} Rather than see such a bill as this pass I
would say send your white soldiers there iu
any numbers desired; only let them be men
of your own race and color, compel the people
to obey your laws if compulsion be necessary.
If your commanders have not power enough
give it to them ; if appropriations are needed
make them. None of your commanders have
failed in severitj'. Some of them, especially
Meade, in the case of the young men in Colum-
bus falsely charged with the murder of Ash-
burn, has exhibited toward prisoners and wit-
nesses a barbarity and brutality unparalleled
in modern times; and after all his infamous
atrocities the telegrams announce th$t he has
dissolved his court-martial, the proof being too
clear and overwhelming even for him to resist
that these gentlemen were as innocent as he
was, and that the head and frontof their offend-
ing was that they were active leaders in the
Democratic party.
I insist that when no complaints come from
either Virginia or Mississippi, and the object
of that from Texas is made so apparent, that
you shall not embrace all these States in your
bill and then go before the northern people and
say you desire peace, law, order, and repre-
sentative government, while you are yourselves
nullifying the laws you have yourselves passed
and crushing out the rights you yourselves have
bestowed upon these very men, for the revo*
lutionaiy and despotic purpose of coercing
the votes of those States for your candidate
for the Presidency.
I know, sir, that I am talking to men who are
very little disposed to listen to anything I may
say, and I have but little hope of influencing
the action of the majority. Indeed, their past
; j action in regard to those States show how little
i| they are governed by either law or precedent.
|; "When the Electoral College bill passed and by
the amendment here, the three States of North
|j Carolina. Arkansas, and I?'lorida,an then rep-
j | resented 111 Congress, were seized, at is were, by
i' the throats, and partly by the votes of their
!; Representatives, were placed on the same foot-
! j ing as the unreconstructed States in the easting
li of their electoral votes, subject to the will of
