2372
THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&
May 7,
CONSTITUTIONS OF SOtJTII CAROLINA, ETC.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution ; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That Ave hundred copies enoh of the
constitutions of South Carolina and Arkansas bo
printed for the use of the House.
committee on freedmeji's affairs.
Mr. LAFLIN also, from the same commit-
tee, reported the following resolution :
Resolved, That five thousand extra copies of tho
report of the Committee on Freedmen's Affairs bo
pjrmted for tho uso of tho House.
. Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to inquire of the gentleman from New York
how large a document that will be ?
Mr. LAFLIN. It is a very small document;
some twenty-five or thirty pages.
Mr. CHANLER. I would like to ask the
gentleman what the estimated costof it will be ?
Mr. LAFLIN. It may cost two cents a copy.
Mr. CHANLER. Well, it may or it may
BQt. It may cost ten cents a copy.
Mr. LAFLIN. It cannot cost more than
two cents a copy, in my opinion, involving an
expense of about ten dollars. 1 wished to put
it at the extreme. I move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
mrs. e. c. bryant.
Mr. MILLEli, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the memorial of Mrs. Emily G. Bryant
and accompanying papers ; which were referred
to the Committee of Claims.
MINKKAL RESOURCES.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, also reported the following resolution;
upon which he called the previous question:
Resolved, That there be printed for the. use of tho
Houso fifteen thousand three hundred copies of the
report of .T.N.Taylor on the mineral resources of
the country east of tho liocky mountains, and that
tho same bebound with the report of J. ltoss Browne,
previously ordered.
The question was upon seconding the pre-
vious question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
this resolution will not be adopted. We print
too many of these things.
Mr. SCOFIELD. These reports were printed
together last year, and they ought to be printed
together this year.
Mr. LAFLIN. When some days ago our
committee introduced a resolution to print a
certain number of copies of the report of J.
Ross Browne, the House indulged in consider-
able discussion upon the propriety of printing
that report. This reportof Mr. Taylor relates
to the mineral resources of the country eastof
the Rocky mountains, and is of the same char-
acter with the report of J. Ross Browne, already
ordered to be printed. Therefore the com-
mittee felt instructed, even though their judg-
ment might not have approved the printing of
this report, independently of this reportof J.
Ross Browne, the committee felt instructed to
make tho report which has just been submitted.
I have no doubt that if the House had it in its
power to examine the report of Mr. Taylor
and ascertain its character, it would agree with
the report of the committee.
Now, if there is any one here who desires to
discuss this subject, 1 will yield the floor, and
allow every opportunity for that to be done.
Mr. IIIGBY. Will the gentleman yield for
a question?
Mr. LAFLIN. Certainly.
Mr. H1GBY. I desire to ask the gentleman
if the report of Mr. Taylor would not be too
small to make a volume by itself? I under-
stand it will amount to less than a hundred
pages.
Sir. LAFLIN. It will make less than one
hundred pages; about seventy-five or eighty
pages; too small for a volume by itself.
The previous question was then seconded
and the main question was ordered; and un-
der the operation theraof the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the various
votes by which tho resolutions were adopted ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
registering and recording vessels, etc.
The SPEAKER. The next business in,
order is resuming the call of committees for
reports, under which the Committee on Naval
Affairs is entitled to another morning hour.
When the last morning hour expired there was
pendinga bill of the House No. 1023, to amend
an act entitled "An act concerning the regis-
tering and recording of ships and vessels."
The previous question was pending, no quo-
rum having voted upon seconding it.
Mr. PIKE. I withdraw the call for the pre-
vious question, and ask that the bill be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Naval AS'airs, and
I will again report it.
The motion to recommit was agreed to.
printing of reconstruction documents.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The House ordered
a day or two since the printing of a communi-
cation from the President, with the accompany-
ing documents. The Committee on Recon-
struction, after examination of those docu-
ments, think that it is not worth while to print
tliein all. The commitlce has selected such
portions of those documents as it thinks neces-
sary to have printed. I therefore move that
the order of the House be so modified as to
cover only such portions as the committee have
selected.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Fakxrwortii] state the objection
to printing the. whole of the documents?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 will state that in
the opinion of the committee it is not worth
while to print the large bundle of papers which
have been referred to it.. I think that is the
unanimous opinion of tho committee.
Mr. BI3CK. Many of the papers bear upon
tho expenses of the commissioners, and have
nothing to do with the questions wc are con-
sidering.
The motion of Mr. Fauxsworth was then
agreed to. /
protection of american fisiiinu vesseijs.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee Vi N/val
Affairs, reported back, with a recommendation
that the same do pass, joint resolution Nft. R.
No. 254) for the protection of American inter-
ests in the Gulf of St. Lawrence.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
requests the President to send a sufficient num-
ber of vessels of war to the fishing grounds in
the Gulf of St. Lawrence, adjacent to the
British Provinces, for the purpose of protect-
ing American vessels in the exercise of their
rights as recognized under the treaty of 1783,
outside of one marine league of the shore lino,
and as it follows the indentations of the coast;
and also for the purpose of taking care that
valuable property in shipping shall not be con-
fiscated for alleged infractions of provincial
rights in the fishing grounds, and that what-
ever punishment for trespass is inflicted shall
be in proportion to the pecuniary injury occa-
sioned by the olfetise.
Mr. PIKE. This is a matter of some im-
portance, and 1 will explain it to the House.
This resolution provides that the President
shall be requested to send a sufficient fleet to
the waters of the Gulf of St. Lawrence for the
purpose of protecting our fishermen. I do not
know of how many the usual fleet of fishing
vessels consists; but, perhaps, there are as
many as a thousand vessels. They are now
about sailing for the fishing grounds : and they
go there at the mercy of this new dominion.
During the time the reciprocity treaty was in ;
force our people had the same right of fiwhing
as the provincial men had. When that treaty
was abrogated the provinces, beforegoinginto
the new dominion, fixed a tax of half a dollar
per ton on our fishermen, that tax payable,
of course, in gold. Our fishermen paid th®
tax. The next year the tax was increased to
one dollar per ton. Our fishermen paid that.
Just now I see it is reported from the Commit-
tee on Fisheries of the Parliament at Ottawa
that the tax shall be four dollars a ton, and
that a sufficient force shall be sent into those
waters to collect it. The result will be that
our fleet will be driven out of those waters.
The question for the House is, whether we
shall send our vessels down there to protect
American interests in those waters.
'The resolution refers to the treaty of 1783
and the convention of 1818. I will^ read the
third article of the treaty of 1783, which recog-
nizes the rights designated in the resolution.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to ask him a question?
Mr. PIKE. Certainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to know whether
tho President of the United States has not the
authority already to send vessels of war there
for the protection of these fishing craft?
Mr. PI KE. This does not propose to confer
uponthePresidentanyauthority, but to request
hitn to do it.
Mr. BENJ AMIN. What is the necessity for
requesting him to do it if he already has the
authority?
Mr. PIKE. Because it has not heretofore
been done, and probably will not be done now
without the action of Congress.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Why not direct him to
do it instead of requesting him?
Mr. PIKE. Because we lack authority in
this branch of the Government to do that.
Article third of the treaty of Paris recognizes
certain rights of our fishermen where they had
theretofore been accustomed to fish. Under
that treaty our men went, as they had before
been accustomed to do, into those waters.
They continued to do so until the convention of
1818. By the convention of 1818 we, for cer-
tain reasons specified in that convention, yielded
the right to fish within three miles of certain,
coasts. The question has arisen, and has been
/Considerably discussed, whether those three
miles should run from headland to headland
or follow the indentations of the coast. Mr.
Webster, and our diplomatists since, have uni-
formly taken the ground that" we should follow
the indentations of the coast. This resolution
merely adopts the ground which our diploma-
tists have uniformly taken.
A letter which i hold in my hand, addressed
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Buti,eii,J by one of his constituents, indicates
the manner in which our men are treated, and
I will send it to the Clerk to have it read. It
shows more forcibly than anything I cau say
the necessity for the action proposed in the
resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
Gloucester, Nay 1,1S68.
Dear Sib: I was pleased to see the resolution of-
fered by Mr. Pike regarding matteis m the O-ulf of
fot. Lawience. X haveacat-e 111 point in rega.it! to
seizuie, which occurred in ISd:;, winch I will statu as
briefly as possible. The schooner jflonda, C.iptnm
Pine, was lying within about three, mites of Punco
Jidwaid s Island waiting lor his boat, winch hadgono
on shore lor the purpose of buying potatoes. Th-i e "
were, no fish in that place; but the boy, as all b<ns
do, will try to fish. Aitor lying about an hour orio
ot the colonial cutters camcaiong and sen tun officer
on board and. not withoutareinonstranee from
tam lino, took the ve^soi to CharioUetown. Siio
was there dismantled, the urew turned ashore, and
tho voyage broken up By the courtesy of tt ilham
f hi,1; USq'! tormul!y of Boston, then a resident
thcie, alter a lingering suit, wo recovered the vessel
at a cost of  1 oOO in Charlottetown. the loss ot all
expenses of getting the vessel
home, the loss ot the season s earnings to owners and
crew, m alt not loss than three thousand dollar,
I hv committed and no harm doue
I ™ ih™i??£111 Cd?e' It was "-gross outrage,
mrnS'J "ot be repeated so long as we ha,ve a Gov-
ernment to protect us.
i'l uly joins,
Hon. B. F. Butler.
E. W. MERCHANT.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Pike] yield to me
a moment, that I may obtain an understanding
I oi this matter?
1 Mr. PIKE. Yes, sir.
