1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3397
DRAWBACK ON SHIP-BUILDIMQ MATERIAL.
On motion of Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous
consent, the bill (H. R. No. 1286) to allow
drawback oil articles used in the construction
of vessels, which was yesterday referred to the
Committee on Commerce, was ordered to be
printed.
ADMISSION* OF ARKANSAS.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, offered
the followingresolution ; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives bo directed to present to the Secretary of
State the act entitled " An act to admit the State of
Atkansas to representation in Congress," together
with the certificate of the Clerk of the Houseof Rep-
resentatives and Secretary of the Senate, showing
that the said act passed by a vote of two thirds
of both Houses of Congress after the objections of
tile President thereto had been received, and after
the reconsideration of said aet by Doth Houses in
accordance with the Constitution.
REPORT OF CIlIEtf OF ORDNANCE.
Mr. BUTJjEII, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a report of the Chief of Ordnance ;
which was ordered to he printed, and referred
to the Committee on Ordnance.
PENSIONS TO EX-OFFICERS.
Mr. O'NEILL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1310) to provide for
the granting of pensions to those ex-officers of
the United States Army, according to their
rank at date of final muster out, who were
wounded while serving as enlisted men and who
are not now drawing pensions as officers ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
brazil mail steamship company.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the. House a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting state-
ment of the sums paid without protest during
the years 1805, 1856, aud 1867, on the vessels
of the United Statesand Brazil Mail Steamship
Company at the port of New York, amounting
to S7.G11 10; which was-referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
admission of arkansas.
Mr. MILLER. I ask unanimous consent
to record my vote on the bill for the admission
of Arkansas.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot ask
unanimous consent.
Mr. MILLER. Then I wish to say if I had
been here I would have voted in favor of the
bill, notwithstanding the veto of the President.
CONTRACTS PAYABLE IN GOLD.
Mr. BROOKS. If there is tio objection—
and if there is I would instantly withdraw it—I
move to take up from the Speaker's table the
bill of the Senate allowing contracts to be made
in gold. It is pretty important that it should
pass.
Mr. HOLMANand Mr. ALLISON objected.
SALE OF IIOT SPRINGS RESERVATION.
Mr. JULIAN. I introduced a bill the other
day providing for the sale of Hot Springs res-
ervation in Arkansas. I ask unanimous con-
sent that it be printed.
The bill was ordered to be printed.
K. P. PARROTT.
On motion of Mr. ROBERTSON, by unan-
imous consent, the bill (S. No. 303) for the
relief of R. P. Parrott was taken from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
Mr. CULLOM. I desire to correct the
Journal. I am recorded as not voting on the
bill for the removal of disabilities yesterday.
1 voted against the bill.
MILLIGAN CASE.
On motion of Mr. ARNELL, by unanimous
consent, tiie report of the Secretary of War
' iit regard to the Milligan case was taken from
the Speaker's table, ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the various votes by which bills had
been referred this morning ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OF A REPORT.
Mr. JENCKES, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read and referred, under the law, to the Com-
mittee on Printing :
Resolved, That three thousand extra copies of the
r.eport of the Committee on Retrenchment on the
civil service of tlie United States be printed for the
use of the House,
HAMPTON THOMPSON-.
On motion of Mr. LAWRENCE, of Penn-
sylvania, by unanimous consent, the amend-
ment of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 822)
granting a pension to Hampton Thompson
was taken from the Speaker's table.
The amendment of the Senate was to insert
in line five, after the word " volunteers," the
words "and to pay him a pension at the rate
of twenty-five dollars per annum."
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I move
that the amendment of the Senate be con-
curred in.
Mr. MILLER. I think the amendment had
better be referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. The
amendment does not increase the pension
allowed by the House bill. It only specifies
the amount, which the House bill did not.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the amend-
ment was concurred in; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SCHBNCK. I propose to call for the
regular order, but before doing so I wish to
state to the House that by its order, being in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, we take a recess from half past four until
half past seven o'clock. I ask that by unan-
imous consent the House shall remain in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
for fifteen minutes after half past four o'clock,
gentlemen staying here or not as they please,
in order to afford the gentleman who acts as
chairman of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union [Mr. Blaine] an oppor-
tunity of delivering a ten-minutes' speech, not
on the tax bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No busi-
ness to be done?
Mr. SCHENCK. No business to be done.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. I would like to
know what subject the gentleman is going to
speak upon.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Would it not answer
quite as well for the gentleman from Maine to
have the use of the Hall for this purpose for
some evening? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. Js there objection to the
proposition of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schexck?]
No objection was made.
IMPROVEMENT OF WESTERN' RIVERS.
Mr. EftGLESTON. I ask unanimous con-
sent to present the resolution which I send to
the Clerk's desk, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
The Clerk read as follows:
Cincinnati, Ohio, June 22, 1868.
The Cincinnati Chamber of Commerce, on the 20th
instant, unanimously adopted the following:
jBetsolved, That in the opinion of this Chamber it
is of vital importance to the commerce of the Ohio
valley, and of the West generally, that the appro-
priations named in the river and harbor bill now
before Congress for the works at the falls of the Ohio
river and at the rapids in the Mississippi river, as
well as for the general improvement of navigation
in those rivers, should be granted at the present ses-
sion; and that we earnestly request our Senators and
Representatives to give these features of the bill
prompt and efficient support.
JOIIK A. OANO,
President Chamber of Commerce.
Hon. Benjamin Eggleston.
Mr. COBB. That can be presented under
the rules. I object.
The SPEAKER. It will be referred by the
Journal clerk.
internal tax bill. . ' ^
Mr. SCHENCIv. I call for the regular order
of business.
The House, under tlie order heretofore made,
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Blaine in the
chair.) and resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 1284) to change and more
effectually secure the collection of internal
taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco, and to
amend the tax on banks.
The section under consideration was the
following:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That there shall be levied and collected on all
distilled spirits on which the tax prescribed by law
has not been paid, a tax of sixty cents on each and
every proof gallon, to be paid by the distiller, owner,
or any person having possession thereof; and the tax
; on uuch spirits shall be collected on the whole num-
! ber ot gauge or wine gallons when below proof, and
i shall foe increased in proportion for any greater
. strength than the strength of proof spirit as defined
! in this aet; and any fractional part of a gallon in
excess of the number of gallons in a cask or package
j-liall bo taxed as a gallon. Every proprietor or pos-
sessor of a still, distillery, or distilling apparatus,
and every person in any manner interested in the
use of any such still, distillery, or distilling appara-
tus shall be jointly and severally liable for the taxes
imposed by law on thedistilled spiritsprodueed there-
from, and the tax,shall be a first lien on the spirits
distilled, the distillery used for distilling the same,
the stills, vessels, fixtures, and tools therein, and on
the lot or tract of land whereon tho said distillery is
situated, together with any building thereon, from
the time said spirits are distilled until tho said tax
shall be paid.
The pending amendment was the one moved
by Mr. Van Wyck, to reduce the tax on whisky
to fifty cents per gallon, instead of sixty cents,
as reported br the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Mr. Chairman, the coun-
try, with great unanimity, are demanding the
reduction of the tax on whisky, and the com-
mittee in its proposition have but yielded to
that demand. Some weeks ago, when I sub-
mitted a report exposing the machinations and
power of the whisky ring to some, it seemed
almost incredible. Examinations since then
made show its power still more incredible. It
has stalked through tlie antechambers of this
Hall, through the corridors of the Senate, and
controlled the avenues to the Executive Man-
sion. While it directed the action it defied the
power of the Government. I then believed
that the only way to destroy the ring and check
the immense frauds and demoralization perme-
ating that branch of the service was to reduce
the tax to fifty cents per gallon; to take away
its wealth by depriving it of the source of its
ill-gotten gains, and that the tax be collected
at the worm of the still,_ thereby dispensing
with that great means of fraud—bonded Ware-
houses. Everything I then stated has been
more than vindicated, and conclusions then
formed fully justified by subsequent facts. The
whisky ring then opened its batteries and
honored me with its denunciations through
every channel they could reach. At that time
it was announced the Ways and Means would
oppose any reduction and that the temperance
sentiment of the country would insist upon a
high tax. Feeling, therefore, confident of the
retention of power the ring became more inso-
lent, stole larger sums from the revenue, com-
manded thousands unblushingly and almost
publicly to manipulate legislation. So bold
and arrogant had it become in this last act
■ that the people everywhere demanded tfeat this
! power should be destroyed, and as it could
only be destroyed by being impoverished that
the tax must necessarily be reduced. Such
was my position when I made the report as a
member of the Committee on Retrenchment,
and such is my position to-day.
The tax as proposed by the Committee of
Ways and Means, at sixty cents per gallon, m
my judgment, will fail to drive out illicit dis-
tillers of molasses. I think, therefore, it is
necessary to reduce that tax to fifty cents per
