THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
315
the second clause in the bill so as clearly to imply
the power of removal to be solely in tho President,
lie gave notice that if he should succeed in this he
would move to stnko out the words which had been
the subject of debate. If those words continued, lie
said, tho power of removal by the President might
hereafter appear to be exercised by virtue of a legis-
lative grant only, and consequently be tubjected to
legislative instability; when he was well satisfied in
his own mind that it was by fair construction fixed in
the Constitution. The motion was seconded by Mr.
Madison, and both amendments were adopted."
Now, let me give you Marshall's own words
as to the result of that debate :
"As the bill passed into a law it has ever been
considered as a full expression of the sense of the
Legislature on this important part of the American
Constitution."
That is Marshall to whom McLean referred
in his dissenting opinion ; that is his own lan-
guage. I have no other references to make
directly to the Supreme Court or to the judges
of that court; but while I am upon the judicial
aspect of the question allow me also to refer
you to the opinion of Chancellor Kent, to be
found in 1 Kent, page 310. There, treating of
the act of 1789, he says:
"This amounted to a legislative construction of
the Constitution, and it has ever since been acqui-
esced in and acted upon as of decisive authority in
the case. It applies equally to every other officer of
the Government appointed by tho President and
Senate whose term of duration is not specially de-
clared. It is supported by the weighty reason that
the subordinate officers in the executive Department
ought to hold at the pleasure of tho head of that
department, because be is'invested generally with
the executive authority, and every participation m
that authority by the Senate was an exception to a
general principle, and ought to be taken strictly.
The President is tho great responsible officer for the
faithful execution of tho law, and the power of re-
moval was incidental to that duty, and might often
be requisite to fulfill it."
Senators, you observe I call your attention
to the condition of this question at the time in
the court; I give you two utterances from the
bench of the court; I give you the opinion of
Marshall; I give you the opinion of Kent upon
the point whether, doubtful as the question
was, it had been interpreted and fixed at the
time they gave those utterances. Now, let me
refer to the action of tho executive Depart-
ment.
From the beginning of the Government to
March 2, 1867, this has been the uniform con-
struction and practice of every Administration.
Washington approved the bill; Adams's vote
passed it; Jefferson maintained the same posi-
tion ; Madison drew the bill ; Monroe and
Jackson and the Presidents that followed them
all maintained the same construction, and
every President, including President Lincoln,
through all our history of eighty years and
twenty Administrations, maintained this con-
struction upon the question of where the power
of removal is lodged ? Observe the judicial
department every time its voice has been
beard on this question, from the foundation of
the Government until now, as far as it has
expressed itself, has affirmed that the power
is lodged by the Constitution in the President.
The executive department, from Washington,
who put his name to the bill that affirmed it,
through Adams, who helped to pass it, and
Madison, who drew it; through all the Presi-
dents we have had from the very start of the
Government under the Constitution down to
the present hour, every one has acted upon
this construction and affirmed this practice
from the beginning until now.
I now take you, gentlemen, into the legis-
lative department of the Government. The
First Congress assembled under the present
Constitution on the 4th day of March, 1780.
The Constitution provided, you will remem-
ber, for Executive Departments, and asso-
ciated them with the President as councilors
and advisers. It became the duty of this Con-
gress to organize them. Very early in the
session Mr. Boudinot rose in his place and
called the attention of Congress to the fact that
the Executive Departments under tho old Con-
federation had come to an end; that it was
necessary now to organize new and correspond-
. ing ones under the new Constitution, and he
suggested in the first instance that before they
legislated on the subject they should in debate
fix the principles and determine the number
of the Departments which it was necessary to
create. They at unce entered upon tho subject,
and they agreed to establish three Depart-
ments.
If the Senate intends to go into reccss, I
would be pleased if it would do so now.
Mr. CONKLING. I make the ordinary
motion.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate take
a recess for fifteen minutes.
The motion was agreed to; and at the ex-
piration of the allotted time the Chief Justice
resumed the chair and culled the Senate to
order.
Mr. GROliSBECK. When the Senate went
into recess it will be remembered that I had
just begun to present the condition of this
question in the legislative department of the
Government. It was brought to the attention
of Congress iu the first session that was he'd
under the Constitution. Very early in that
session Mr. Boudinot, of New Jersey, rose and
presented the question for consideration, and
expressed his desire, as I have intimated, that
before tho bills should be passed the House
should settle the principles upon which they
should be constructed and the number of De-
partments that should be created. Mr. Mad-
ison moved with him in this matter, and I
think it was his pen that drew the bills that
were afterward vitalized into the laws estab-
lishing the Departments of Foreign Affairs,
of War, and of the Treasury. I need scarcely
state to the Senators here present, who must
all of them have examined this debate, tho
principles upon which those bills wore con-
structed and eventually vitalized. 1 must be
allowed, however, in this connection, to refer
to the argument of tho Manager [Air. Bout-
well] on the day before yesterday, in which
he undertakes to state the results which were
reached in the Congress that passed these laws,
and he states them in this language:
"Theresults readied by tho Congress of 1789 are
conclusive upon the foilowingpoints: that that body
was of opinion that the power of removal was not in
the President absolutely, to bo exercised at ail times
and under all circumstances ; and secondly, that dur-
ing the sessions of the Senate tho power of removal
was vested in the President and Senate, to be exer-
cised by their concurrent action, while the debato
and the votes indicate that the power of thoPresidont
to remove from otliec duiing the vacation of tho Sen-
ate was, at best, a doubtful power under tho Consti-
tution."
I must be allowed also to express my astonish-
ment at this summing up of the results of that
debate in 1789. I have read to you tho lan-
guage of John Marshall as to the purpose of
thatdebate. I have read to you the utterances
of Justice Thompson from the bench of the
Supreme Court as to the results of thatdebate.
I have cited you also to the opinions of Story
and of Kent as to the results of that debate.
And I here say, with all respect to the hon-
orable Manager, that the statement of its
results which lie presents in his argument
is not authorized (allow me to say it with
entire respect) by anything that occurred. I
say here in the presence of the Senate, all of
whom have examined more or less that great
debate running through a period of seven or
eight days upon the single question where is
the power of removal lodged, thatthe only point
which was discussed and finally settled was this:
is this power lodged in the President alone, or
is it lodged in the President and Senate ; and
they closed the debate deciding that the power
was in the President alone, and changed the
phraseology of the bills' as they were originally
drawn so that all appearance of grant from the
Legislature might be avoided, and from the face
of the bills it would appear that the Legislature
intended to express themselves as recognizing
the power to be by the Constitution directly in
the President, and therefore not necessary to
be conferred by legislative grant.
I have stated accurately, Senators, the sub-
stance of that debate. I challenge all contra-
diction from anything that transpired Or from
anything that was,said. *
What passed? They passed the three bills
establishing three Departments with these fea-
tures incorporated into each and all of them.
They called them Executive Departments; they
made a principal officer called the Secretary, who
was to perform such dntiesasshould "from time
to time be enjoined on him or intrusted to him by
the President" and should "conduct the busi-
ness of the Department iu such manner as the
President should from time to time order and
instruct." They provided a chief clcrk, who,
" when the said principal officer should be re-
moved from office by the President," should
take charge of the books, papers, &e. This is
tho general tenor of the bills in reference to
those three Departments. Such was the action
of the First Congress of the United States, a
Congress divested of all party animosity, of
all party view, I may say comparatively dis-
interested, at the very opening of the Govern-
ment just starting under the new Constitution.
Such was the action of tho Congress who in-
tended to lix for all time, as far as they might
fix it, the policy upon which this particular
power should be regulated in the future; and
in the language of Marshall, as he expressed
it in the quotation which I read, in order "to
avoid legislalire instability" upon this very
question, they took care to so frame the bills
as that, they should not take tho form of grant
from the Legislature, and so that it might ap-
pearasconstitutional interpretation only. They
passed three laws during that session as I have
referred to them. Those laws arc in force to
this day. They are professedly an interpret-
ation of the Constitution, so declared by the
Supreme Court, as I have read to you, not in
a res adjudicata utterance, but in an opinion
upon an incidental question, so declared and
treated by all the Presidents we have had, so
declared by that Congress which passed them,
and so regarded by every subsequent Con-
gress down to the Thirty-Ninth.
Senators, I will now pass on nine years, to
1798. They then framed another executive
Department called the Navy Department; and
they recognized the power of removal in that
under this phraseology: "In case of vacancy
by removal or otherwise," not " by the Presi-
dent;" still more strongly conveying the idea
that it was a power lodged by tho Constitution
in the President, and needing no legislative
interference. Upon that theory they framed
the fourth Department, the Navy Depart-
ment.
I now step down twenty-seven years, to the
creation of the Post Office Department; and
in that law they recognized this arrangement
in language like this: "provided, that in case
of death, resignation, or l'emoval from office
of the Postmaster General," without saying by
whom; but they had all these laws before them,
and others to which I shall refer which had re-
ceived construction, and in reference to which
it was distinctly understood that they were in-
terpretations of the Constitution, acknowledg-
ing the power to be lodged in the President,
and, therefore, itwasnotneeessaryjhatitshould
be conferred by express grant.
I pass on to the Interior Department, created
in March, 1840. We find in that law language
like this:
" Who [the Secretary] shall hold his office by the
same tenure and reoeive tho same salary as the Sec-
retaries of the other Departments."
Under that language, also, he was removable
at pleasure. He held his office by the same
tenure as the other Secretaries, and could be
removed in the same way.
Let me call your attention to the seventh
Department, if I may call it' that, the Attor-
ney General's Department. That office was
established on the 24th day of September,
1789, and in the law establishing it there is
not one word said upon the subject of removal
or vacancy. The law is ^s silent as the grave;
£nd yet, under the interpretation given to these
laws from the beginning until now, the Attor-
ney (General has "taken "his commission dur-
ing the pleasure of the President for the time
being," and has been subject tcj removal by
