1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4421
States has told us. Lest I do him injustice I will
read his own words from his recent message
vetoing the Electoral College resolution :
*' It is worthy of remark that if the States whose
inhabitants were recently in rebellion were legally
and constitutionally organized and restored to their
rights priorto the4th of March, 1867, as lam satisfied
they were, the only legitimate authority underwhieh
the election lor President and Vice President can be
held therein must be derived from the governments
instituted before that period.
"It clearly follows that all State governments
organized in those States under acts of Congross
for that purpose and tinder military control are
illegitimate and of no validity whatever; and in
that view, the votes cast in those States forPresideut
and Vico President, in pursuance of acts passed since
the 4th of March, 1867, and in obedience to the so-
called reconstruction acts of Congress, cannot be
legally received and counted; while the only votes
in those States that can be legally cast and counted
will be those cast in pursupnceof the laws in forccm
the several States priorto the legislation by Congress
upon the subject of reconstruction."
There you have it, sir, broad and full. The
Chief Executive of the United States holds all
your actions in this direction " illegal, illegiti-
mate, of no validity, and void." He sends us
that notice, and yet do we propose to sit here
to pass bills to be sentto him which, when they
become laws, he considers illegal, illegimate
and void. He gives you fair notice that no
electoral votes can be cast or counted in those
States except under the governments organ-
ized by himself; not one under the governments
organized by you. And he holds the govern-
ments organized under acts of Congress, States
organized under constitutions submitted to the
people thereof and ratified, under which we
have forty-odd members sitting here, and twelve
Senators in the other House, are all null and
void; that our fellow members are illegally here,
and the Senators are illegally there, and, in
the language of one of his supporters, ought
to expelled. Why, then, shall we sit here enact-
ing provisional governments under the recon-
struction acts, or any other acts, when the
Presidentannounces, in the mostsolemn form,
that all the obligations of law we pass are to be
treated by him as of no effect, null and void.
In order to show you what we are to expect |
from these States, he tells you, if we go on,
that every vote cast under governments insti-
tuted by you will not be counted, and every
vote cast by governments instituted by him
will be counted. I remarked yesterday inci-
dentally that I did not desire to go into a heads-
I-win-and-tails-yoti-Iose sort of an election.
What I desired to express was that if we
carry the southern States then the votes are
not to be counted. If we lose the southern
States then we are estoppedfrom objectingthat
they be counted against us. So we are to go
into an election with seventy electoral votes
which are to go against us in any event. If
we lose them we cannot object to their being
counted against us. If we win them the Presi-
dent tells us they shall be counted against us.
Mr. ELDRiDGE. Will the gentleman let
me ask him a question ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I decline.
I would be glad to yield if I had the time.
Mr. ELDIIIDGE. You can have the time
if you want it. You have omnipotent power.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I call
the attention of the House to another diffi-
culty which we are to meet leaving our seats
to go home, and I will take the text from my
own home organ, the New York World.
[Laughter.] It devotts an equal portion of
its columns to abuse of me and to praise of
Seymour, and so I insist that it is my home
organ. The World tells us for once, and I
agree with it in the first part of the sentence :
" If Congress will adjourn and leavo things as
they stand, every southern State can be carried for
the Democratic ticket, and if Congress should pre-
vent the counting of the votes, the superiority of
numbers demonstrated at the polls will constitute a
preponderance of physical strength against which it
will be vain to contend."
Here, then, is the organ of Mr. Seymour, his
mouthpiece, the paper that did more to nom-
inate him, and will by its praises do less to
elect him than any other, and it tells you
exactly in so many words that if we adjourn
with matters as they stand now the Smith will
be carried against us. Again we are warned
that force is to be used, if what the World
denominates their votes are not counted; that
is to say, if the white rebel voters who are
disfranchised and who vote under the Presi-
dent's State governments are not counted
against us although the whole legitimate vote
may be given for us.
This, then, brings us to a question of force.
Our friends, t.lie true loyal men of the South,
are unarmed, I believe, and we know they
cannot contend against the armed rebel ele-
ment there without arms. The rebellion cost
us two million muskets, and four years to put
it down, and yet our friends down there are
asked to beatdown the same element with their
naked arms. And in the face of this we are told
we must not send any arms there. Why not ?
Because we shall " irritate " somebody. Sir,
we have fought such irritation for five years.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman is not discussing the bill before
the House. He is short of time and is dis-
cussing some other question. j
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Dawes in I
the chair.} The Chair overrules the point of |
order. j
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I supposed he would.
[Laughter. ]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts will proceed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Therefore
I say this bill is not a remedy for the evils of
the South, and therefore I am in order. But
the editor of the World does not stop here.
He says:
" If they refuse t  count our votes at the polling-
places. we have arithmetic enough to count our own
sinewy arms."
Now, gentlemen of the House of Represent-
atives, you arc forewarned. You are told by
the President that he holds these State govern-
ments are illegal and their votes cannot be
counted. The Democratic candidate for the
Presidency holds that they are illegal and revo-
lutionary. Their candidate for the Vice Presi-
dency not only holds them to be illegal, but
that the President should sweep them out of
existence by the Army of the United States.
If the assumption of the President is true as
contained in his veto of the Electoral College
bill, then it logically follows, and I agree to it,
it is the duty of the President to take the Army
of the United States and sweep away those
State governments. There is no escape from
that conclusion. He holds all these govern-
ments are illegal and void, against the Consti-
tution and against the will of the people, and
holding that view it is his duty as the Execu-
tive, whose duty it is to see that the laws are
faithfully executed, to put down by the power
of the Army of the United States those insur-
rectionary governments, as according to his |
doctrines they plainly are. He adopts, there- I
fore, the Democratic theory that they should j
be overturned by force, and we are doing what ? ]
Making provisional governments for these !
States which are declared to be insurrection- \
ary, and are so if the President is correct, '
which are mere secession governments, dis- j
turbers of the peace, and in rebellion against :
the General Government. |
I say, therefore, we are simply wasting our i
time in passing this bill. We have but one i
duty, in my judgment, to perform. Either we j
are right or we are wrong. If we are right, \
if our governments are legal, if our recon- !i
struetion measures are to stand, we ought to }
protect them. We ought to protect our action, 'j
our legislation, ourselves, and our honor. |
How is this to be done? ij
[Here the hammer fell.] ij
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield ten minutes to the !j
gentleman from Wisconsin. !;
Mr. PAINE. I wish to reply very briefly jj
to some statements of my colleague on the ij
committee [Mr. Beck] respecting the regu- |!
larity oftheelecction in the State of Mississippi. |j
Now, I admit that General Gillem in general il
terms in his report concludes that there wag
a tolerable condition of regularity and order
in the election in that State. But, sir, in oppo-
sition to his statement"! will offer here, so far
as my time will allow, extracts from reports
made by his subordinate officers showing
what the facts are, and upon what reports
General Gillem assumes to inform the General
and the country that in his opinion there were
no serious irregularities or disorders in that
State.
And here let me remind the gentleman from
Kentucky that he is mistaken in his assertion
that the General of the Army has it in his
power to remove and appoint district com-
manders. The General of the Army has some
powers under the reconstruction acts but the
President alone has power to remove or appoint
disxiict commanders, to place General Gillem
or any other officer in command in the
district.
Mr. BECK. Allow me to refer to the recon-
struction act of July, 1867, which gives the
General of the Army that power absolutely :
"Sec. 2. That the commander of any district
named in said act shall have power, subject to the
disapproval of the General of the Army of the Uni-
ted States, and to have effect till disapproved, when-
i ever in the opinion of such commander the proper
! administration of said act shall require it, to suspend
or remove irorn office, or from the performance of
official duties and the exercise of otiicial powers, any
olhcer or person holding or exercising, or proteasing
to hold or exercise, any civil or military office or
duty in such district under any power, election, ap-
pointment, or authority derived trom, or granted by,
or claimed under, any so-called State or the govern-
ment thereof, or any municipal or other division
thereof; and upon such suspension or removal such
commander, subject to the disapproval of the Gen-
eral as aloresaid, shall have power to provide irom
time to tune lor the performance of the said duties
of such officer or person so suspended or removed, by
the detail of some competent officer or soldier ot the
Army, or by the appointment of some other person,
to perform the same, and to till vacancies occasioned
by death, resignation, or otherwise.
Sec. That the General of the Army of the Uni-
ted States shall be invested with all the poweis of
suspension, removal, appointment,and detail granted
in the preceding section to district commanders.
" Sec. 4. That the acts of the officers of the Army
already done in removing in said districts peisons
exeiciamg the Junctions oi civil officeis, and appoint-
ing others in their stead, are hereby confirmed: pro-
vided, That any person heretofore or hereafter
appointed by any district commander to exercise the
functions ot any civil office may be removed either
by the military officer in command of the district or
by the General of the Army."
Mr. PAINE. That-is the power to suspend
subordinate officers, not to appoint or remove
district commanders.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Kentucky, for 1 think it im-
portant that the House should understand this
matter, whether he claims by anything that he
has said in this interruption, that under existing
law the General of the Army has power to re-
move the commanding officers of any of these
military districts, and I demand of him now
what section of what law confers that power?
Mr. BECK. I say that the General of the
Army has a right to remove any or all of the
provisional officers, from the governor down,
and that is what you are providing against in
your bill, one of the leading features ot it.
Mr. BINGHAM. If the gentleman will
pardon me, 1 beg leave to say to the gentle-
man from Kentucky, that he totally mistakes
the scope of the bill. It does not affect the
question of the appointment of the command-
ing officers of these military districts at all,
but subjects them to the operations of this
law, and the General of the Army never had
any more power over them than has the gen-
tleman irorn Kentucky.
Mr. BECK. But the General of the Army
had power to remove the provisional govern-
ors and every officer of these States, and has
it now.
Mr. PATNE. What the gentleman from
Kentucky said was this: that the General of the
Army had power to remove and appoint the
district commanders, and what I denied was
that assertion. 1 will spend no more time upon
that point, but I will read a few extracts from
the reports made by subordinate officers of
