3398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
gallon, so tbat the chances of illicit distillation
may be removed. The cost ot the manufac-
ture of whisky is from thirty-five to forty cents
per gallon. "Add a fifty-cent tax, and you
make the whisky worth from eighty five to
ninety'cents per gallon. Now, the cost of mak-
ing molasses whisky is somewhere in the region
of eighty to ninety cents per gallon.
Now, if wc are to strike down illicit whisky
by means of reducing the tax, I think it is
necessary to reduce it so low that we may
strike down every source of fraud and viola-
tion of the law. And in my judgment it is
necessary to reduce this tax to fifty cents per
gallon, in order to shut out the chances of
illicit distillation. I would myself rather favor
a reduction below fifty cents, as many mem-
bers of the House favor, than to leave it above
that sum. One thing is evident, this whisky
ring must, be destroyed, or the power of this
Government to collect, taxes is gone.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. SCIiENClC. The amendment proposed
by the gentleman from New York [Mr. Van*
Wyck] is to reduce the lax on whisky to ten
cents less per gallon than the amount recom-
mended by the Committee of Ways and Means.
The gentleman who makes that motion places
himself upon the same ground taken by the
committee; he says thathe believes it necessary
to come down to fifty cents per gallon, in order
to make it unprofitable to manufacture illicit
whisky. I shall not extend the remarks I made
upon thai subject yesterday by adding to them
now. But in reply to theargument of the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Vax Wycic, ] in
favor of his amendment, 1 want to take advan-
tage of this occasion to correct an error into
which I was betrayed yesterday. While occu-
pying the floor with explanations ill relation to
this tax upon distilled spirits, I was frequently
interrupted and compelled to answer at the
moment, gathering my thoughts for the pur-
pose as 1 best could; and when some gentle-
man inquired what 1 believed would be the
aggregate tax per gallon upon distilled spirits
under this bill, by adding together the direct
tax, the tax on capacity, the tax on sales, and
all the special taxes, I replied that in my opin-
ion it would amount to a dollar or more. I
am now satisfied 1 was wrong in that statement.
I was having in my mind some calculations
made in my head as I proceeded, based upon
a former supposition that the direct tax would
be fixed at ub nit seventy-five cents or a dollar
per gallon. Now, the truth is that the aggre-
gate tax provided for in this bill cannot amount
to a dollar per gallon. [ have made a careful
calculation upon the subject which I desire to
submit to the Committee of the Whole.
The direct tax, as all are aware, is sixty
cents. Then there is a special tax of $200 on
the first fifty barrels or less of a distillery, with
tour ■dollars per barrel on every additional
barrel, a barrel being by law required to be
forty gallons of proof-spirits. This would be
an addition of ten cents per gallon.
It is a little difficult to state what would be
the amount of the tax upon sales ; but the tax
at wholesale being three per cent, upon the
sales, if yon average whisky at SI 33 per gallon
(and it might, perhaps, as ageneral average,
come down to about that if the tax were
reduced to only sixty or seventy cents,) three
per cent, would amount to only four cents per
gallon. The retail charges liave been increased
so that they, added to the wholesale, would
make an equivalent of about five or from five
to six cents per gallon.
The ^ix upon the capacity is five dollars per
day upon the mashing and fermenting of a hun-
dred bushels. A hundred bushels, attheaverage
of twelve quarts to the bushel, would be three
hundred gallons. This per diem tax having
reference to the amount taxed would he equiv-
alent to about a cent and a half per gallon.
Thus the whole tax in the aggregate, saying
nothing about the tax upon sales, (which is
comparatively a small matter and hardly to be
taken practically into the account,) would be
from seventy-six and a half to sevonty-seven
cents per gallon. I am therefore enabled, after
a careful calculation, to reply now to the ques-
tion which was put to me, and to state to the
House that if the direct tax be fixed at sixty
cents, and the propositions of the committee in
regard to all other taxes be adopted, whisky
will be taxed at about from seventy-six and a
half to seventy-seven cents per gallon.
Jlr. FAHNSWOliTH. I would like to make
an inquiry of the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on this amend-
ment is exhausted.
Mr. INGBRSOLL. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out "fifty" and insert-
ing '"twenty-five," so as to make the tax
twenty-five cents per gallon. I wish to sub-
mit to the consideration of the committee some
facts in connection with this subject, so far, at
any rate, as the manufacturers' interest is con-
cerned.
Peoria has long been noted as a great cen-
tral point for the manufacture of high wines
and alcohol. Peoria engaged largely in this
manufacture long before the war. All along
during the past twenty-five years it has been
largely engaged in the manufacture of alcohol
for the export trade. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] inquires what
amount of tax Peotia has paid to the Govern-
ment on distilled spirits under our revenue
laws. My recollection is that it has paid about
sixteen or seventeen million dollars of revenue,
a very hirge sum. Up to four months ago some
of the distilleries in the district which I repre-
sent continued-to run, but during the last four
months not a single gallon of whisky or high
wines has been made in that district. The rea-
son is that the manufacturers there cannot com-
pete with the fraudulent manufacture of whisky
or high wines in localities more favorable for
the illicit traffic, such as New York, Philadel-
phia, Boston, Chicago, and Cincinnati. There
is only one method by which the honest, legit-
imate manufacturer in the West can be sus-
tained, and that is by reducing the tax to such
a point as does not amount to an offer of an
immense premium to fraud, while at the same
time enforcing your revenue laws with great
strictness.
Now. sir, I have moved to reduce this tax to
twenty-five cents, and I desire to give my rea-
sons in favor of this proposition. In the first
place, you have tried to collect the two-dollar
lax, and you have failed. When the tax was
sixty cents per gallon the Government col-
lected more revenue than it lias collected dur-
ing the last year at the two-dollar tax. During
the year when the tax was sixty cents the Gov-
ernment collected $'JS,000,000, while during
the last year, although the tax has been more
than trebled, only $13,000,000 have been col-
lected. If the tax be reduced to twenty-five
cents per gallon no export or bonded ware-
houses will be required.' The tax can be col-
lected everywhere at the distillery before the
whisky has been removed from the premises.
Thus all whisky, when it leaves the distillery,
becomes free whisky in the market. Business
men can then draw against it for the legitimate
purposes of business upon the commission
house with which (hey do business. Now, no
such thing can be done. Not a house in the
West can ship whisky to New York and make
a draft against it for one dollar a barrel. The
reason is that they can have no assurance the
whisky will not be seized at Chicago, again at
Buffalo, and so all along the route; and before
the whisky gets to New York its entire value
has been eaten up by costs and charges levied
by the hungry and not always scrupulous
agents of the Government.
Now, sir, by reducing the tax upon whisky
you will revive the industries of the West con-
nected with this business, and you will, more-
over, put more money into the Treasury at
twenty-five cents per gallon than at the present
tax, provided you will lay a fivo per cent, tax
upon the sales of wholesale dealers and upon
retail dealers. It will, in my opinion, then be
easy to collect $50,000,000 from whisky alone;
and, beside that, it will do away, in all prob-
ability, with the corruption on the part of rev-
enue officers and all others now engaged in
defraudiug the Government out of its tax.
Let me state some facts in regard to Peoria.
It has §1,500,000 invested in distillery prop-
erty alone. Before the enormous frauds were
committed, which closed the distilleries in Peo-
ria, they employed three thousand men, who
earned from two to three millions a year as
wages. They consumed more than five mil-
lion bushels of grain per annum. Besides, they
fed and fattened thousands of cattle and hogs
which found a market in New York and Phil-
adelphia. All this great interest has been
virtually destroyed. Now, reduce the tax to
twenty-five cents and you will rescue this inter-
est from absolute ruin, and in all probability
revive an interest which lius contributed so
largely to the local prosperity of Peoria, and
contributed to the revenues of the Government
nearly twenty million dollars.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLEli. I rise, Mr. Chairman, to
oppose the amendment of twenty-five cents,
because I desire the whisky tax may be fixed
at twenty cents ; and the reason I have for thi3
is not, as has been stated by the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, lest the
business should be done by illicit distilleries. So
far as I can learn the difficulty is with the rec-
tifiers and wholesale dealers. A tax, perhaps,
of a larger amount could be obtained from dis-
tilleries ; but I desire to put it so low as to get
rid of transportation bonds—to get rid of that
great source of fraud. At twenty cents, that
will bring, with special taxes, the tax on whisky
up to forty or forty-five cents—a little larger,
I think, than the Committee of Ways and
Means calculated.
Now, sir, I assume that whisky can be
made for from twenty-five to thirty cents per
gallon. If you lay a tax so large that the tax
is larger than the cost of the article, then the
tax becomes a matter of speculation ; and as
you exceed the cost of the article, you step by
step encourage evasion of the tax. That is the
reason you cannot collect the present tax on
whisky. A man can make his whisky for
twenty cents a proof-gallon of the purest
quality, if he can save one gallon out of ten
he gets even by fraud : if he can save two out
of ten he makes a profit. For lhat r^s-on it
is impossible to collect the tax. If you bring
down the tax so a man to get a dollar has to
risk a dollar, then the tax will bo paid and col-
lected. If he risks one dollar to get one, then
it is a mere lottery. With the tax at sixty
cents, as fixed by the Committee of Ways and
Means, he risks one dollar to get three ; and,
at the same time, the distiller in the West can-
not go on and pay his tax before he transports
his liquor. Therefore, if you inaugurate the
tax at sixty cents, you inaugurate a system of
transportation bonds, which are the great
source of fraud.
There is another reason why I want this tax
brought down. Let me say now if you tax at
sixty cents, with special taxes making it about
eighty cents, your whisky will stand as it now
does. With two dollars a gallon we do not
collect more than a dollar or ninety cents. The
reason is the taxes will not be paid. But if
you put it at twenty, twenty-five, or thirty
cents you can collect it. There will be more
money paid over, and what is of still more con-
sequence, you break down the whisky interest
—1 will not say ring—which is too strong for
your Government to-day. You break up the
corruption fund which will be collected from
the people by the whisky influence to be used
against the Government.
[Here the hammer fell.]
( Sir. INGBRSOLL. I withdraw the amend-
ment for the purpose of allowing the gentleman
| from Iowa [Mr. Allison*] to renew it.
Mr. ALLISON. I will not renew the amend-
ment, but will offer another, to insert fifty-five
instead of sixty. I only desire to offer this for
the purpose of saying a word or two to the
committee. And I desire here in advance to
