2374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•May- 7,
i&illion dollars annually, to protect the mer-
cantile interests of this country; and if the
House of Representatives deliberately says
that it is not 'of consequence to protect this
large interest, because it may cost a little some-
thing^ to send ships down there, I hope they
willfollow it with a resolution abolishing the
Navy of the United States. I have here figures,
which I propose, if time enough is left in the
morning hour, to present-to the House, which
show that we have no commerce abroad, with
but trifling exceptions, besides this very re-
spectable fishing fleet, a fleet owned by men
of humble means. Three, four, eight, ten,
fifteen, or twenty men associate themselves
together to fit out a little fishing vessel; they
go on board-of her—you have taken away all
bounties from her—and she goes out there to
compete with the provincial fishermen on pro-
vincial shores. And the letter I had read to
you shows how the provincial authorities treat
those fishermen, seizing their vessels, bringing
them into Charlottetown without authority of
law, and, after a lingering suit, costing $1,500,
releasing theyessel as seized without authority
of law. And then, at a cost of $3,000 and the
entire breaking up of the voyage, these humble,
poor men get their vessel back again. Where
is their redress ? This was something that hap-
pened years ago. But it has been duplicated,
and duplicated in fifty and a hundred instances,
before the passage of the reciprocity treaty.
From the convention of 1818 until the recipro-
city treaty of 1854 there were several hundreds
of those vessels seized. They were carried
before the provincial authorities, where they
were tried, and but one in ten was condemned.
And in the instance to which 1 have referred
the trifling offense was that while the vessel
lay in the harbor, having sent her boat ashore
for provisions and water, a boy threw a line
overboartl, but caught no fish. That was the
whole offense—that a boy threw a line over-
board without authority of anybody on board
the vessel. _ A provincial vessel seized that
vessel, carried her into Charlottetown, tried
her, and she was rescued by her poor owners
at an expense of $1,500. They got her back
at a cost to themselves of $3,000. And there
is no redress on the part of this great Govern-
ment. Yet now, when we propose to send one
or two of our vessels of war to protect our fish-
ing interests—vessels for which we have no use
to protect our commerce in other parts of the
world, because it has been swept from the
ocean by our laws—'when we propose this, it
is objected to. A small fisherman cannot fight
the Government of Great Britain; a small
fisherman cannot protect his rights, and the
American Government should do it. War?
Who is afraid of war? This resolution asks
nothing but that your own laws shall be en-
forced. Are you afraid to enforce them? If
you are, then I hope you will vote down the
resolution, I call the previous question.
Mr. CHANLER. Will the gentleman yield
to tne ?
Mr. PIKE. For a question.
Mr. CHANLER. 1 ask five minutes if the
gentleman has. time.
Mr. PIKE. I have not the time.
Mr. CHANLER. I ask consent to say a
few words. I do not wish to be misunderstood
in this matter.
Mr. FAliNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Pike] allow me to ask him
a question ?
Mr. PIKE. I do not wish to press this mat-
ter without discussion; yet we have but little
time for the Naval Committee, and they have
other matters of importance before them.
Mr. EARN S WORTH. Does the gentleman
from Maine think it fair, with but a few min-
utes' discussion, to pass a resolution through
this House which involves the construction of
treaties, and perhaps may involve the country
in war, to do this with but half an hour's con-
sideration ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. And un-
der the operation of the previous question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes.
Mr. PIKE. I will yield to the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Chanler] foraquestion.
Mr. CHANLEK. My object is to repl^to
the gentleman 
Mr. PIKE. I cannot yield for anything but
a question.
Mr. CHANLER. The gentleman asked a
question, and I want to answer it.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Has t"his mat-
ter been considered by the Committee on For-
eign Affairs?
Mr, PIKE. It has not.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. This'resolution
undoubtedly involves our foreign relations. I
think it is a subject of sufficient importance to
be considered by the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
Mr. PIKE. Which is to kill it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Why so?
Mr. PIKE. Because the Committee on For-
eign Affairs cannot report.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Why not?
Mr. PIKE. Bccause it cannot be reached,
for a long time, as the committee have other
matters in their hands to be reported upon—
matters 'of such importance that the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] on yesterday
felt obliged to withdraw his attention from all
other committees. And this fishing fleet is
just about being fitted out, and this protection
is needed just at this juncture.
Mr. SCOFIELD. How long has this wrong
existed ? Ifow many years have our fishermen
been so wronged? Yet the gentleman asks us
to act upon the subject in five minutes.
Mr. P11CE. I will reply to the gentleman,
and I wish the House to understand the reply.
The reciprocity treaty was repealed ill 1805.
The provinces imposed a duty upon these fish-
ing vessels of half a dollar per ton, which they
paid. Then the next year they imposed a duty
of one dollar per ton, which they paid. At the
present time the Government at Ottawa is
passing a bill, if the bill has not already passed,
imposing k duty of four dollars per ton upon
those vessels, (which they cannot pay,) and
this is accompanied with a provision for send-
ing sufficient force down there to enforco that
tax upon our fishermen.
Mr. SCOl'TELD. When did the case to
which the gentleman has referred occur?
Mr. PIKE. Before the reciprocity treaty.
The reciprocity treaty gave us free rights of
fishing for eleven years. And there were sim-
ilar cases occurring before that treaty, cases of
injustice, in which there was no redress. Now,
the question for the House to determine (and
I do not propose to argue it further) is whether
within the treaty (for the resolution adopts no
construction of a treaty except that which has
already been maintained by our Government,
and is maintained there to-day) whether within
that treaty 
Mr. SPALDING. I would like to inquire
when it was that we passed a resolution similar
to this. It was about a year ago, was it not?
Mr. PIKE. About a year ago.
Mr. SPALDING. Idesire to inquire whether
the gentleman would not be willing to dispense
with the latter part of the resolution, so as to
provide simply that one or more vessels shall
be sent out to look after our fishing interests.
Would not such a provision answer the pur-
pose 1
Mr. PIKE. If that will satisfy the House
I shall not object to it.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope the House will
let the bill go through in that form.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the
resolution be referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
Mr. SPALDING. Oh, no ; let us pass it.
Mr. PIKE. The Committee on Foreign
AJfairs knows nothing more about this ques-
tion, and will know nothing more about it
after investigation, than the House knows to-
day. Now, if the gentleman from Ohio pro-
poses to move that amendment, 1 will permit
it to be offered, and then I will call the pre-
vious question.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to amend the
resolution by striking out the conoludingwords,
as follows : "recognized in the treaty of 1783,
outside one marine league of the shore line as
it follows the indentations of the coast, and
also for the purpose of taking care that valua-
ble property in shipping shall not be confis-
cated for alleged infraction of provincial rights
in the fishing grounds, and that whatever pun-
ishment for trespass is inflicted shall be in
proportion to the pecuniary^ injury occasioned
by the offense;" and inserting in lieu thereof
the words "indicated in subsisting treaties."
Mr. PIKE. I now call the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay the whole subject on the table.
Mr. CHANLER. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment.
The SPEAKER. There are two undebata-
ble propositions now pending—the call for the
previous question and the motion to lay on the
table.
Mr. CHANLER. The amendment which I
desire to offer is to provide that an additional
fleet be sent by the President to the coast of
Ireland to protect American citizens trading
with Great Britain. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Spaldisq] whether hd will accept
this amendment?
Mr. SPALDING. I must decline to accept
it as an amendment to my proposition.
Mr. CHANLER. I hope 1 shall have an
opportunity to offer it.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, is there any
motion pending to refer this subject to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs?
_ The SPEAKER. There is not. That mo-
tion would not be in order during the pendency
of the call for the previous question and the
motion to lay on the table.
Mr. RANDALL. When will that motion
be in order?
The SPEAKER. If tlje House should vote
down both the pending propositions it would
be in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I with-
draw the motion to lay on the table.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Pike] withdraw the call for the
previous question to allow the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] to move to refer
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs?
Mr. PIKE. I do not.
On seconding the call for the previous ques-
tion there wiere—ayes 51, noes 34 ; no quorum
voting.
Ihe SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers ; and appointed Messrs. Pike and Chax-
leii.
1 he House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 65, noes 40.
So the previous question was seconded.
1 he main question was then ordered to be
now put.
I he SPEAKER stated that the question first
recurred on the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding.]
Mr. BENJAMIN moved that the joint r#so-
lution and amendment be laid on'the table:
and on that motion demanded the veas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
_ The question was taken ; and it was decided
m the negative yeas 51, nays 70, not voting
02; as follows :
. ^KAS—Messrs. DelosR.Ashley,Baker,Beck Ben-
ifmci^?k?lrouhnm™ t!' Buekjftna, Chanler, Header
Humphrey Hauler, Johnson, JuAd. KetcifamK !,«'
& rg<\« - Lawrence Loun, Marshall, McCaiihv Me-
Curiniek, jVIoi'gran, Muneen
'nthA ?obktson. iS^rVcoI
C lnhJ ^V w Stevens. TafFo, Van Trump,
WW- Tpa%^rn' ¥lhtt Washbume.
ward-51. Wilson. mdom, and Wood-
Anderson, Archer V.tiell,
lV Beamar , Scatty,
U1 SWn7vfwkpr8TK^But^\Clk6-Sa""-Chur^-
eleston v ' l>°dgo. Donnelly, }-.g-
fhfl llolmln vt lcrry- Garfield, Hisby,
Kelley Ke^p^ T nfl"MWM®?terV- Hubbard. Julian.
Lou"iiri(lf£ \i ft ln',y ilam Lawrence, XjineoJn,
Miller, Moored Morre'll
