13o0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
appointing, overseeing, and controlling those who
execute the laws. If the Constitution had not duali-
zed the power of the President in. appointing to
office by associating the Senate withhimin that busi-
ness, would it not be dear that ho would have tho
right by virtue of his executive power to make such
appointment? Should wo be authorized, in defiance
of that clause in the Constitution—' tho executive
power shall be vested in the President'—to unite the
Senate with the President in the appointment to
office? Iconceive not. It is admitted that we should
not be authorised to do this. I think it may be dis-
puted whether we have a right to associate them in
removing persons from officc, tho one power being as
much of an executive naturo as the other; and tho
first is authorized by being excepted out of the gen-
oral rule established by tho Constitution in theso
words: 'Tho oxocutivo power shall bo vested in the
President.'"
Mr. BOUTWELL. "Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. BECK. ¥es, sir.
Mr. BOUTWELL. The gentleman will, of
course, observe that, in the extract which he
has just read, Mr. Madison states that in the
appointment of officers the Senate is associated
with the President. Does the gentleman recog-
nize the fact that the conduct of President
Johnson yesterday, in appointing Lorenzo
Thomas to the control of the Department of
War, was without the consent and advice of
the Senate?
Mr. BECK. I have only this to say: Tho
President has the right of removal. So says
Mr. Madison. Having the right to remove, he
has the right to do what he did do—to commu-
nicate to the Senate that he had removed the
officer, and to place some person in the office
to act ad interim, fie had a right to lay before
the Senate the fact of the removal of Mr.
Stanton, and to ask its concurrence in that
act. If the Senate concurred in the removal
then no wrong was done. Some officer had to
be there ad interim to take charge of the public
affairs until it should be seen whether the re-
moval of Mr. Stanton was or was not concurred
in by the Senate, and until another appoint-
ment was made. Therefore this House, even
if it ha-5 the right fo impeach for.snoh an act,
admitting the validity and applicability of the
lemire-ol-office bill, acts prematuroiy in taking
up the question before it knows officially that
the Senate has refused to concur in the act.
If the communication of the President to the
Senate is before this House I have never seen
it; but I believe it will not be denied that the
President has sent to the Senate a communica-
tion informing that body of what he has done—
that he has merely appointed an officer ad
interim. So far as this House knows the Senate
lias not refused its concurrence in tho act of
the President. But, as my time is brief, I
cannot stop to make further reply to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts.
Chancellor Kent takes the same ground as
Mr. Madison, and uses this language:
"On the first organization of the Government it
was made a question whether the power of removal
in case of officers appointed to hold at pleasure
resided nowhere but in the body which appointed,
and, ot' course, whether the consent of the Senate
was not requisite to remove. This was the construc-
tion given to the Constitution while it was pending
for ratification before tho State conventions by the
author of theiVderalist. Bntflicconstructionwhich
was given to the Constitution by Congress, aftergreat
consideration and discussion, was different. The
words of the act (establishing the Ticasury Depart-
ment) are: * And when ever the same shall bo removed
from office by the President of the United States, or
in anyothercaseof vacancyin theotficc, tho assistant
shall act.' This amounted to a legislative construction
of the Constitution, and it has evcrsince beenacqui-
esccd in and acted upon as decisive authority in the
case. It applies equally to eveiy other officer of the
Government appointed by the President whoso term
of duration is not specially declared. Itissupported
by the weighty reason that the subordinate officers
in the executive department ought to hold at tho
pleasure of the head of the department, because he
is invested generally with the executive authority,
and the participation in that authority by the Sen-
ate was an exception to a general principle and
ought to be taken strictly. The President is the
great responsible officer for the faithful execution of
tho law, and the power of removal was incidental to
that duty, and might often be requisite to fulfill it."
Mr. Justice Story, in his Commentaries on
the Constitution, also adopts the same view,
that the right to remove and appoint executive
officers is vested in the President as the Chief
Executive, except where the Constitution re-
quires him to act in his appointments by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate ;
and when the Constitution does not prohibit
the President from removing any officer not
having associated the Senate with him in the
right of removal he has the sole right to re-
move. It is further held by the highest author-
ities that any law which Congress may attempt
to pass preventing the President from exer-
cising this executive authority is unconstitu-
tional, null, and void, and that it is his duty
to test such an act in t he courts of the country.
The language of Mr. J ustice Story is as follows :
"Aftur a most animated discussion tho vote finally
taken in the House of Iiepresoniatives was aflirma-
tivo of tho power of removal in the President with-
out any cooperation of the S^uafc by the vole of 0-1
members ngainst 120. In the Senate the nlnnse in the
bill affirming the power was enrned by tho casting
vote of tho Vice President. That the final decision
of this question so made was greatly influenced by
the exalted character of the President then in office
was asserted at tho time, and has always been
believed; yet thcdoctrmo was opposed as well as sup-
ported by the highest talent and patriotism of the
country. The public haveacctuiesced in this decision,
and it constitutes perhaps the most extraordinary
case in the hibtoiy of tho Government of a power con-
ferred by implication on the Executive by the
assent of a bare majority of Congress which has not
been questioned on many other occasions."
The commentator adds:
"Nor is this general acquiescence and silence with-
out a satisfactory explanation."
Sir, lhold in my hand a message of the
President of the United States to the Senate
giving his reasons for the suspension of Mr.
Stanton in the first instance. What does he
say ? The statement he there makes has never
been contradicted, and cannot be contradicted.
Ho says:
"That tcnurc-of-office law did not pass without no-
tice. Like other acts it was &ent to the President
for approval. As is my custom, I submitted its con-
sideration to my (,'abmctlor their advice upon the
question whether I should approve it or not. It was
Jitfr.ive question ot' constitutional law, in which I
would, ot course, rely most upon the opinion of the
Attorney Gcueral, and of Mr. Stanton, who had
onco been Attorney General.
"Every member of my Cabinet advised me that the
proposed law wa.s unconstitutional. All spoke with-
out doubt or reservation, but Mr. Stanton's con-
demnation of the law was the most elaborate and
emphatic. Ho referred to the con.stitut ional provis-
ions, thedebatcs in Congress,especially tothespeech
of Mr. .Buchanan when a Senator, to the decisions of
the Supreme Court and to the u&igo from the begin-
ning of thodovornmcnt through every successive Ad-
ministration, all concurring to establish the right of
removal as-. vested by the Constitution in the Presi-
dent. To ail the^e he added the weight of his own
deliberate judgment, and advised me that it was my
duty to detend the power of tho President from
usurpation, and to veto tho law.
"I do not know when a senscof public duly is more
imperative upon a head of Deportment than upon
such an occasion as this, lie acts then under the
gravest obligations of law: for when he is ciilled upon
by the President for advice, it is the Constitution
which speaks to him. All his other duties arc left
by tho Constitution to be regulated by statute; but
this duty was deemed so momentous that it is im-
posed by the Constitution itself.
"After all this, 1 was nol prepared for theground
taken by Mr. Stanton in his note of August 12. I
was not prepared to find linn compelled, by a new
and indefinite sense ot public duty under ' the Con-
stitution/ to resume the vindication of a law which,
under tho solemn obligations of public duty, im-
posed by the Constitution itself, he advised me was
a violation of that Constitution. I make great al-
lowance for a change of opinion, but such a change
as this hardly falls within the limits of greatest
indulgence. Where our opinions take the shape
of advice, and influence the action of others, the
utmost stretch of charity will scarcely justify us in
repudiating them when they come to be applied to
ourselves,"
He then goes on farther with his statement:
"I was so much struck with the full mastery of
the question manifested by Mr. Stunton, and was at
tho time so fully occupied with the preparation of
another veto upon the pending reconstruction net,
that I requested him to pre-pare the voto upon this
tenure-of-olfice bill. This he dccliucd on theground
of physical disability to underao, at tho time, tho
labor of writing, but stated lib reading to furnish
what aid might bo required in the preparation of
materials for the paper.
"At tho time this subject was before the Cabinet it
seemed to be taken ior granted that as to those mem-
bers of the Cabinet who had been appointed by Mr.
Lincoln their tenure of office was not fixed by the
provisions of the act. I do not remember that tho
point was distinctly decided, but I well recollect that
it was suggested by one member of the Cabinet who
was appointed by Mr. Lincoln, and that no dissent
was expressed.
"Whether the point was well taken or not did not
seem to me of any consequence, for the unanimous
expression of opinion against the constitutionality
and policy of the act was so decided that I felt no
concern, so far as the act had reference to the gentle-
men then present, that I would be embarrassed in
the future. The bill had not then become a law.
The limitation upon the power of removal was not
yet imposed, and there was yet time to make any
changes. If any one of these gentlemen had then,
said to me that he would avail himself of the pro-
visions of that bill in case it became a law, I should
not have hesitated a moment as to his removal. No
pledge was then expressly given or required. But
there are circumstances when to give an express
pledge is not necessary, and when to require it is an
imputation of possible bad faith. I felt that if these
gentlemen came within the purview of the bill it
was as to them a dead letter, and that none of them,
would ever take refuge under its provisions."
That is all I have time to read of it.
From all the authorities 1 have read I contend
that the President has the right to assume
that he has the power to remove liis Cabinet
officers, and Mr. Stanton more than any other,
no matter what the tenure-of-otBce bill pro-
vides. Still further. When the bill was before
the Senate of the United States, and the
subject of discussion in that body as to its in-
tent and effect, I assert that it was declared
that the bill did nobcover the case of Mr. Stan-
ton ; that it was so understood when the bill
was passed, and was so decided by the Senate.
Mr. Stanton was appointed by Mr. Lincoln
during his first term, and was never reappointed
after Mr. Lincoln's reelection. He was con-
tinued in office, and wasnever appointed by Mr.
Johnson. His only commission was issued,
and the oath of office administered to him dur-
ing the first term of Mr. Lincoln. The tenure-
of-office bill provided that Cabinet officers
should hold their offices only during the term
of the President by whom they were appointed
and for one month afterward. In the discus-
sion of that bill, after the Senate had a con-
ference with the House in which Mr. Williams
and Mr. Shek.maji were the managers on the
part of the Senate, Mr. Doolittle contended
that the facts were as I have stated them, and
applied to Mr. Sherman to know whether
some of his friends did not intend to keep Mr.
Stanton inoliice, and Mr. Sherman replied the
Senate had 110 such purpose and no such power.
Mr. Doolittle, said:
"I suppose it is aimed at the present head of the
executive department, to bind ium to keep ceitain
members of his Cabinet, for it. was openly avowed in
tho discussion of this bill when it was up before that
it would be intolerable to allow the present Execu-
tive Magistrate to have the power of removal over
certain members of the Cabinet, mentioned bv name.
,!,w'm!)!SproJeot does n,Jt rc;lc!l those members at
. n , terms of tlns Provision are:
That the Seeretariesof State, of the Treasury of
W ar, ot tho Aavy, and of the Interior, the Postmas-
ter General, and the Attorney Geneial, shall hold
their oft CCS respectively tor and dm mg the term of tho
i resident by whom they may have been appointed
and for ono month longer.' '
" Now, let us look at the facts. The Secretary of
War was appointed by Mr. Lincoln during his lir -f
term; he never has been appointed since: he has
never received any appointment since. Mr. Lincoln
gave him no appointment duiing ins second term,
ho held over Mr. Johnson has given him no
appointment but he has held over. So of the Secre-
tary of the Jia^y and so of the Secretary of Bute,
the bceictary ot the Interior, to be sure, and the
Postmaster General and the Attorney Ueneral have
been appointed by Mr Johnson sYnco the Preside"
tial office devolved 011 him; and by tho terms of this
law tho Secretary of the Interior, the Postmaster
General and the Attorney General must remafn
during ill. Johnson's term; but the Secretary of
State, the Secretary of War, and the Secretary of tho
Ivavy, according to the terms of this provision rn'iv
be removed by him to-morrow." ' *
Again:
of eonfe?cmcLoIThn^ r1 r?ferr<i!l not>
01 conieitnco, but I referred to the debate on
original bill when it poudiiv inwhirhIhVJ i?
was openly stated by some 1-ie"dL of Thi^restric fo >
on the 1 resident s power over the Secretaiies tlv>r it
was no t to be tolerated that the present"Chief
of War°by naSe! thcpOWWto ><^ vetheSecretLy
purpos'ofcl":RMAX' S°m° Senator ma3' have had that
nol ofr;^?LITTIf' 1 ,lleard in debate; I speak
3™ £ (,may have been the views of individual
Senators not expressed on the floor of the Senate r
allude to what was openly stated in debate
jMr. Sherman. IhatlheSenafe had no nn*
fion° 1STh?f"?l !'y US V?t-e twice t0 make this
tion. lhat tins provision does not aonlv i
present case is shown by tho fact that its
so framed as not to apply to (he 1? • ,g 8
The Senator shows tha himself and ea,t-
that it.would not prevent theprel'euKE rU,y
removing the Secretary of War, the Secretary oft°h™
