1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1851
Navy, and the Secretary of State. And if I supposed
that either of these gentlemen was so wanting in
manhood, in honor, as to hold his place after the
politest intimation by the President of the United
States that his services were no longer needed, I
certainly as a Senator, would consentto his removal
at any time, and so would we all."
There is the assertion of a Senator of the
United States, the manager of the committee
of the Senate, made in his place before the
passage of the bill. There the fact is admitted
tii at he was not an appointee of the present
President, and was not protected bythetenure-
of-office bill. The managers on the part of the
Senate asserted that this officercould be removed
by the President at once, because the act did
not apply to his case at all. In view of all this,
surely the President had a right to test the
validity and applicability of the act by the re-
moval of the officer without being guilty of a
high crime or misdemeanor, when he had the
language of the fathers of the Constitution
itself, the views of the most distinguished com-
mentators thereon, the views of Mr. Stanton
himself, and the unanimous voice of his Cabi-
net that it was unconstitutional. And when
he had the views of the Senate of the United
States which passed that law declaring that Mr.
Stanton's case was not covered by it, but left
him subject to removal whenever he pleased,
surely, I say, with all these things before him
he had right legitimately, honestly, without in-
tending to violate any laws, but simply to test
his right and power to remove that officer
under these circumstances.
And what did he do ? Why, sir, ho exer-
cised this power by virtue of the Constitution
and laws of the United States, as he asserts.
What was his right even under the tenure-of-
oflice bill when the Senate was not in session?
He had the right to suspend Mr. Stanton and
appoint a Secretary of War ad interim. That
he did in the case of General Grant. Now
the Senate is in session what has he a right
to do under that bill? He lias the right to
remove by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate. What does lie now do ? He
removes Mr. Stanton and communicates the
fact to the Sen-!" of the United States. What
reasons he gave to the Senate this House does
not know. They have never been laid before
us so far as I am aware. That he had a right
to do. lie alone can remove an executive offi-
cer. Tn this case he does it, and communicates
the fact to the Senate. He appoints a Secre-
tary of War ad interim, temporarily, to take
care of the office. Somebody must do it until
the Senate acts and either confirms or refuses
to confirm what he has done. lie lias been
guilty of no illegal act. There is no charge
that he has done anything except to remove an
officer, a thing which he has a legitimate right
to do oven if his action is governed by this law.
The fact was communicated to the Senate and
laid before them, it is to be presumed in the
absence of proof, for their acquiescence. That
is the history of this case.
Sir, in my judgment gentlemen have traveled
out of the record in discussing this matter,
for what purpose it is not for me to say. My
colleague on the committee, from Illinois,
[Mr. Faukswoeth,] announces the fact that
he cares nothing for Andrew Johnson—that
the issue is not whether he should be im-
peached but whether the loyal sentiments of
ten States should be developed. Hie gentle-
man undertakes to denounce the conduct of
the President. He says that Mr. Johnson has
left the loyal men and joined their enemies.
I have no doubt that the secret spring which
moves the whole machinery of this impeach-
ment lies right there. The dominant party
cannot use the President for their purposes,
and are therefore determined to remove him.
That was the view of the minority of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary when this question
was first up, from which I will read a sentence
or two, as it expresses fully and more concisely
than I now can my views:
"His greatest offense, we apprehend, will be found
to be that he has not been able or willing to iollow
those who clected him to his office m their mad
assaults upon and departure from the constitution*
Government of the fathers of t'ae Republic; and
that, standing where most of his party professed to
stand when they elevated him to his present exalted
position, he has dared to differ from a majority of
Congress upon great and vital questions. He has
believed in the continuing and binding obligations
of the Constitution ; that the suppression of the re-
bellion against the Union was the preservation of
the Union and the States comprising it; and that
when the rebellion was put down the States were all
and equally entitled to representation in the Con-
gress of the United States. Planting himself firmly
and immovably upon this position, he has incurred
the fierce and malignant hatred and opposition of all
those who claim, by virtue of the alleged conquest of
the territory and the subjugation of the people of the
lately rebellious States, the power and right to dio-
tate to them the constitution and laws they shalllive
under and the liberties they shall bo permitted to
enjoy. In this ditferenco between Congress and the
President, and the desiro of each for tbo adoption
by the country of their respective views, is, we sus-
pect, to be found not only the cause for the move-
ment to impeach the President, but of his censuro
and condemnation." + ■•!- * *'And can
we possibly bo mistaken when we assert that how-
ever honest maybe the majority of the committee,
the verdict of the country and of posterity will be
that the crime of the President consists not in viola-
tions of, but in refusals to, violate the law?—in being
unable to keep pace with the ' party of progress'
in their rapidly advancing movements, or to step
' outside of and above' the Constitution in the admin-
istration of the Government ?—in preferring the
Constitution of his country to the dictation of an un-
scrupulous partisan cabal, in bravely daring to meet
the maledictions of those who have aimed at the
accomplishment of a most wicked and dangerous
revolution, rather than to encounter the reproaches
of his own conscience and the curses of posterity
through all time?"
When you come to look calmly over the
ground for impeachment, now presented, it
seems to me that the views of the minority of
that committee, in the light of the admissions
of the gentleman from Illinois, apply with ten
thousand fold more force than they did then.
Then there were many facts about which men
might differ. Now we have but the naked,
isolated proposition that the attempt by the
President to assert his right to remove Mr.
Stanton, who, if aggrieved, can test his right to
the office before the courts of the country, is a
high crime and misdemeanor, for which he is
impeachable. Beyond all question there is
some purpose beyond and behind this, and the
gentleman from Illinois admits it. There is
no pretense in any proof before this House that
he has violated any law other than to assert a
legal and constitutional right, which lie hon-
estly and conscientiously believes pertains to
his office as President of the United States,
the validity of which claim, Mr. Stanton, if
aggrieved, can speedily test before the judicial
tribunals of the country, but with which Con-
gress has nothing to do. The courts alone can
settle controverted questions of that sort. It
seems strange, indeed, for gentlemen on the
other side to seek to influence the mind ofthis
House by telling it what an obstacle the Pres-
ident has been in the way of reconstruction,
and alluding to the reconstruction acts of Con-
gress as being based on the Constitution, when
1 hold in my band the three celebrated opin-
ions ofthe Supreme Court of the United States
in the Milligan, Cummings, and Garland oases,
delivered within the last year or fifteen months,
in which the Supreme Court decide that every
principle ofthe Constitution has been violated
in all those acts of reconstruction,passed, as
they were, after those decisions were rendered,
by depriving citizens of the right of trial by
jury ; by depriving them of the benefit of the
writ of habeas rnrpus; by making the military
superior to the civil authority; by depriving the
people of the benefits of the pardons and am-
nesties granted and accepted ; in short, by put-
ting the people often States under the heel of
a military despotism, the existence of which
the Supreme Court declares to be utterly in-
consistent with civil liberty.
And yet gentlemen speak now of stand-
ing by the Constitution, and seek to impeach
the Chief Executive of the nation because he
has dared to exercise his constitutional right
to remove a member of his Cabinet; willing,
as he asserts, for the courts of the country to
determine whether he has vested in him the
executive authority which he claims, which the
framers of the Constitution claimed was in the
President, and which his constitutional advis-
ers, Mr. Stanton being one of them, asserted
he had; and when he further claims, what the
Senate said he had, the right to remove Mr.
Stanton because his case is not covered by the
tenure-of-office bill. I assert before this House
and the country that he has proceeded through-
out legally in all these matters; but gentle-
men here, who seek to impeach him and claim
that they are standing by the Constitution in
so doing, are sustaining and carrying out
laws inconsistent with all its principles, as
lias been decided by the Supreme Court. Sir,
are the decisions of that court to be of no
avail ? We have all been taught to believe that
the decisions of that highest judicial tribunal
are binding alike upon the President and the
lowliest man in the land; and I say that it
does come with a bad grace from gentlemen who
are advocating measures all the principles of
which that tribunal has declared unconstitu-
tional, to be seeking to impeach the President
and remove him from his high office because
he is earnestly and honestly endeavoring in a
legal and orderly way to maintain his legal and
constitutional rights as Chief Magistrate of
these United States.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I have no de-
siro to detain the House but for a very short
time, that I may as concisely as possible pre-
sent my views of the law, accompanied with a
few statements of fact. I cannot, nor will I
attempt to, enter into a general discussion of
the subject, or encumbcr myself with authori-
ties, inasmuch as in the thirty minutes allotted
me it is impossible to elaborate the subject to
that extent that would to me be desirable.
I do not, nor can I, understand this question
as some of the gentlemen seem to who have
discussed it. It certainly is not material in the
decision of this question whether or not arti-
cles ofimpeachmcnt shall be preferred against
the President, that he may be put before his
triers, the Senate; whether he is a Democrator
a Republican, or what ho may be politically. It
is not material whether this is the third time
that he has been presented to this House for
articles of impeachment or whether it is the
first time. It is not material whether he may
or may not have violated the laws before. The
material question before the House is this: has
the President of the United States of America
violated a penal statute, a statute of the United
States, the violation of which has been declared
a high crime or a misdemeanor, and, having
done so, is be impeachable by the Congress of
theUuited States? We should trythis caseas
would the goddess of justicc, blindfolded, with-
out regard to the person whose ease is to be
weighed in the scales, but merely ascertaining
the facts, and upon those facts and the law pro-
nounce our decision as to whether there has
been a violation of law or not, and, if so, whether
that violation of law was a high crime or mis-
demeanor.
Now, sir, how do we determine whether an
act is a high crime or a misdemeanor? How
do we determine whether the law was violated?
We must first examine and understand what
the law is, and, having ascertained what the
law is, we must then examine the actsof the
party, and see whether those acts are in con-
travention of that law, and whether those acts,
being in violation of law, are declared by law
to be a high crime or misdemeanor.
N ow, sir, what is the law ? The act of March
2, 18G7, known as the act regulating the ten-
ure of certain civil offices, provides the mode
and manner of suspending persons in office;
and that if the Senate shall concur in such
suspension he may then appoint, with the
advice and consent of the Senate, a successor.
But if the Senate shall not concur in such sus-
pension such officer so suspended shall forth-
with resume the functions of his office.^ And
in no other way can he remove from office any
person where the consent of the Senate is re-
quired to the appointment. _ He may fill a
vacancy that may happen during the recess of
the Senate by death or resignation ; but such
appointment ceases or expires at the end of the
