818
SUPPLEMENT TO
quent statute were passed which reached half
■way, it would repeal as much of the former
statute as it overlaid and leave the balance in
force. What lies beyond is legislative will,
still unrecalled, and is just as binding as the
new statute.
Now, we come to the comparison of these
statutes. The statute of 1795 I have read.
The statute of February 20,1863, (12 Statutes-
at-Large,' p. 656,) provides for the ease of
"death, resignation, absence from the seat of
Government, or sickness." Death, resigna-
tion, absence, and sickness are the only cases
covered by this statute. There are two cases
that are not provided for by it, and they are
covered by the statute of 1795—removal, ex-
piration of term. We are advised by this sim-
ple statement that the reach of the statute of
1795 was beyond that of the statute of Feb-
ruary 20, 1863, and so much as lies outside,
beyond the latter statute, is still valid legislative
will by all fair rules upon the subject of the
repeal of statutes.
With these few remarks upon that subject I
come to the consideration of the ad interim,
question, and I will endeavor to consider it
very briefly. From the foundation of the Gov-
ernment, as you have been advised by my col-
league [Mr. Curtis] and others, it has been
the policy of the Government to provide for
these ad interim necessities. They are not ap-
pointments. No commission goes. There is
no commission issued under the seal of the
United States in such cases. There is a mere
letter of authority. Such appointees are not
considered as filling the office. 1 will state a
case to illustrate the character of an ad in-
terim appointment and the hold it takes upon
the office. When Mr. Upshur was killed in
18*11 an ad interim appointment was made to
supply the vacancy occasioned by that accident,
and soon afterward the President nominated to
the Senate a gentleman to fill the place per-
manently.
When ho made that nomination he nomin-
ated Mr. Calhoun in the place of Mr. Upshur,
deceased, not even noticing the ad interim
appointee. That fairly illustrates tho condi-
tion of an ad interim occupant of an office. It
has been the policy of the Government from
tho beginning to furnish these supplies to the
necessities of_tho Departments for sickness,
for absence, for resignation, for any of these
causes. An officer at the head of a Depart-
ment dies ; tho President, may wish to appoint
some one at a distance; he may wish to inquire
before ho finally selects tho person who is to
fill the place. He waits, and in tho mean
time the Department—say the Treasury Depart-
ment, and others 1 might name, must be car-
ried on, and tho ad interim appointee steps in
and carries it on. This occurs just as well
during tho session of the Senate "as in the re-
cess. There is not, one particle of difference
between a session and a recess in the applica-
tion of this policy. The law makes no differ-
ence. Take the law of February 20, 18ii!l; it
does not say in tho recess you may act, but at
auy time according to the necessity you mav
act. That is the rule.
Now, Senators, I will dismiss this part of
the_subject by calling your attention to ad in-
terim, appointments that, have been made dur-
ing the session of heads of Departments. In
the first place I give you the case of Mr.
Nelson, who was appointed ad interim Secre-
tary of Slate during the session of the Senate.
I give you the case of General Scott, who was .
appointed ad interim Secretary of War during •
the_,session of the Senate. I give you the case |
of air. Moses Kelly, who was appointed ad
interim Secretary of the Interior Department
during the session of the Senate. I give you
the case of Mr. Llolt, who was appointed dur-
ing the session of the Senate Secretary of War
ad interim.; but I intend to linger a little at
the case of Mr; Holt. I call the attention of
the Senate especially to that case, for it is
worthy of especial attention and considera-
tion. The case is presented in a message
communicated to the Senate by President
Buchanan on the 15th of January, 1861, which
has been put m evidence and will be found on
page 583 of our proceedings. I will read the
message:
" To the Senate of the United States :
"In compliance with the resolution of the Senate,
passed on the 10th instant, requesting me to inform
that body, if not incompatible with the public in-
terest, 4 whether John li. Floyd, whose appointment
as Secretary of War was-confirmed by the Senate on
the 6th of March, 1857, still continues to hold said
office, and if not, when and how &uid office became
vacant; and further to inform the Senate how and
by whom the duties of said office are now discharged;
and if an appointment of an acting or-provistonal
Secretary of War has been made, how, when, and by
what authority it was so made, and why the fact of
said appointment has not been communicated to the
Senate,' I have to Inform the Senate that John B.
l^loyd, the late Secretary of tho War Department,
resigned that office on the 29th day ot December last,
and that on the 1st day ot January instant Joseph
Holt was authorized by me to pcrfoim the duties of
the said office until a successor should he appointed
or the vacancy tilled. Under this authority the
duties of the War Department have been performed
by Mr. Holt from the day last mentioned to tho
present time."
I call your attention, Senators, to this case
especially, for this single reason, and it is im-
portant : the Senate itself took the matter
under consideration, and inquired of the Pres-
ident what he had done, why he had done
it, and by what authority he had done it. In
other words, in the case of Holt the Senate
went into an actual investigation of the ques-
tion, and that is the reason why I linger upon
it. Tho Senate asked tho President, " Why
did you do it, and why did you not report to
us?" Full inquiry was made by the Senate in
that caso into this ad interim question, and
Mr. Buchanan replied as follows :
"Tho power to carry on the business of the Govern-
ment by means of a provisional appointment when
a vacancy occurs is expressly Riven by the aotof Feb-
ruary 1,5, 171)5, which enacts 'that in caso of vacancy
in the otfico of Socrctary of Statu, Secretary of the
Troasury, or of tho ,Secretary of tho Department of
War, or any oUicor of either of tho said Departments,
whoscappointmentisnotinthohead thereof, whereby
they cannot, perform tho duties of their said respeet-
1VO offices, it shall be lawful for tho President of tho
United States, in case ho shall think it necessary, to
authorize any person or persons, at his discretion, to
perform the duties of tho said rospeotivo offices until
a successor bo appointed or such vacancy be filled:
Provided, That 110 one vacancy shall be supplied
m manner atoresaid for a longer peiiod than six
months.' "
He replies that he did it under the law of
1/515, Senators will observe. He communi-
cated that fact to the Senate. The Senate re-
ceived his communication, and were satisfied,
l hat is good rrs adjiuhruta on this question.
Tho Senate took upon that occasion this identi-
cal question ol a<l interim appointments during
t,he session, investigated it thoroughly, received
Mr. Buchanan's reply that he did it under the
very law under which we acted, and the Senate
concurred. There was no censure. If the
Senate did not censure that act, will they drag
President J olinson here as a criminal and brand
him with crime for his act ? I think not. The
eases are identical. You cannot discriminate
between them. Both were done under the
same law, both done during the session, both
exactly alike. The one was not censured.
Shall the other be made the ground of criminal
condemnation of President Johnson ?
I proceed now to glance at the Emory article,
and I shall simply glance at it, Senators. 1
do not intend to linger upon such a charge as
this.^ It makes a great noise in the articles ;
but it is very harmless in the proof. What is
the proof to sustain it? The President had
an interview with General Emory, and in the
course of that interview General Emory in-
formed him of the passage of'a certain law by
which he as Commander-in-Chief was divested
of the authority to issue commands directly,
but they must pass through the General-in-
Chief. They had a conversation upon the
subject, and the President remarked in the
course of that conversation that the law was
unconstitutional. He had said it to you ; he
did not say anything more to Emory; and
that is the enormous crime he committed un-
der article nine. He said the law was uncon-
stitutional. What of that? It is in evidence
before you, and uncontradicted. Secretary I
Welles tells you that the President had been
informed that there were unusual movements
of troops going on in the city the night before,
and Secretary Welles called upon the Presi-
dent to advise him of that fact, and the Presi-
dent said he would inquire about it. He did.
He sent a note to General Emory; General
Emory waited upon him and gave him the in-
formation. That is all. Is it not explained
why he sent for General Emory ? Does any-
body contradict it ?_ No. The time, the oc-
casion, everything in the transaction, adjusts
itself to that explanation and to no other.
Here was a President whom you had subordi-
nated to an inferior officer—1 mean to the ox
tent of requiring him to pass his orders through
an inferior officer—who having heard these
rumors of military movements going on, and
being called upon by one of his Cabinet officers
to look into it, responded, " I will inquire;"
and he did. That is all there is of article nine.
I will not delay upon it any longer.
I now come to article ten. I shall leave the
labored discussion of this article to my col-
league [Mr. Evarts] who is to come after me.
But I wish to say just a few words about it. I
refer you in reply to this whole article to tlie
constitutional provision bearing upon this sub-
ject, denying to Congress the right to abridge
the freedom of spccch. Are there any limita-
tions to this privilege? Does it belong only to
the private citizen? Is it denied to officers of
the Government? May not the Executive freely
canvass the measures of any other department?
May Congress set itself up as the standard of
good taste? Has it authority to prescribe the
rules of presidential decorum? Will it not, be
quite enough if Congress will preserve its own
dignity? Shall it dictate the forms of expres-
sion in which it may be referred to ? Can you
punish in the forum of impeachment what Con-
gress cannot forbid in the form of law ? These
are pertinent questions bearing upon article
ten. But 1 do not propose to discuss it. I
wish to present to you, Senators, a little his-
tory which article ten very forcibly suggests to
my mind.
In 17U8 some good people in the country
seem to have been operated upon very much
as the Managers, or rather the House of liep-
reseutatives were in this instance, and they took
it into their heads to get up what is called a
sedition law, which is very like article ten. I
propose to read it. The act of July 14, 1798,
provided :
"That if any person shall write, print, utter or
publish, or shall caiue or procure to bo wiittea,
printed, uttered orpublishod. or-shalf knowingly and
willingly assist or aid in writing, printing, uttering,
or publishing any fal!>e. scandalous, and malicious
writing or writings against tho Government of the
United States, or either House of the Congress of the
United States, or the President of the United States, -
with intent to defame the said Govern incut, or either
House ot the said Congress, or the said President, or
to bring- them, or either of them, into contempt or
disi epute, or to excite asrainht them, or either or any
of thr-uj, the hatred of the good people of the United
States, or to stir up sedition within the United
States, or to excite any unlawful combinations
theiein, for opposing or resisting auy law of the Uni-
ted States, or any aet of the President of the United
States, done in pursuance of any such law, or of tho
powers in him vested by the Constitution of the
United States, or to resist, oppose, or defeat any such
law or act, or to aid, encourage or abet any hostile
designs of any foreign nation against the United
States, theirpeopleurGovernment, then such person,
being thereof convicted before any court of the Uni-
ted States having jurisdiction thereof, shall be pun-
ished by a tine not exceeding $2,000, and byimprison-
ment not exceeding two years."
I need not explain, Senators, the purpose of
this act. It expired by its own limitation. It
was the most offensive law that has ever been
passed since the Government was organized,
ho offensive was it that the people would not
rest under it7 although it was passed to last but
three years. They started, as it were, the hue
and cry against everybody who defended it or
was concerned in it, and hunted them to a
political^death. But it was a good lav/com-
pared with article ten. The sedition law of
1798 condemned what? It condemned the act
of cooly andunder no provocation or excite-
ment preparing and publishing a libel against
the Government or any department thereof;
