1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3401
attempted, sir, at one time to prevent frauds
iu distilled spirits iu this country by trying, if
possible, to get the Administration to appoint
none but honest men for the collection of the
revenue. I made the best fight I could on
that subject, but failed. For that I have re-
ceived any amount of abuse, for which, how-
ever, I care nothing. They have even gone so
far as to employ a man who has vilified me
ail winter in my own State and who is now
limning around this city like a vulture.
But, sir, becoming satisfied that this cannot
he done, then what is the next best thing for |
us to do in order that the Government shall !
not be defrauded of all the revenue? Believ- I
ing that the House have determined to reduce j
the tax, I desire to recur to the argument that
I made on the first occasion, which was that I
was in favor of collecting it at the distillery, so
that the distiller himself shall be willing to pay
it rather than employ dishonest means of evad-
ing the law.
Now, sir, the committee have reported sixty
cents. As a matter of course I agree to that
report, and am willing to stand by it if the
House so agree. But I say now that if the
additional tax is an inducement to fraud I am
iu favor of reducing it to less than that. I
prefer myself to fix fifty cents, although, so far
as the report of 4he committee is concerned,
I have concurred in it. With this reduced
taxation there will be no inducement to fraud.
Now, sir, I have never been in favor of giving
the whisky men—the lings, as t.hey are termed,
and perhaps correctly—more advantage under
the law than they ask themselves. If there is
a whisky ring—and I have no doubt of it my-
self, al least there is some organization of the
kind, though it may not be a ring—let us give
them no more than they ask. How, then, are
we to destroy them? Now, I was in favor
last winter of keeping the tax at two dollars.
Why? Because we have twenty-five million
gallons in bond which would give us a revenue
of $50,000,000. I was desirous of having that
$50,000,000 paid on those spirits in bond
before we reduce the tax. That was onereason
why I advocated retaining the presenttax. But
as it seems the tax is to be reduced, I want to
get as much as I can from whisky in bond and
whisky out of bond. At twenty cents we would
get very little, at thirty cents more, at forty
cents more, and at fifty cents still more. But
with even fifty cents we will only get $12,500,000
on the amount of spirits in bond. I am in
favor of fifty cents, but at whatever sum the
tax is fixed I am in favor of collecting it at
the distillery.
That is my theory. But I believe, from what
I have learned, that it is the best plan. When
you allow transportation in bond for any pur-
pose whatever you allow an opportunity for
fraud. friend from Iowa [Mr. A'lltsox]
knows that from his own town over eight hun-
dred barrels were transported last year to New
York which never paid one dollar of tax.
-[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MILLER rose, and was recognized by
the Chair, but yielded to
Mr. LOGAN, who said: I move to amend
by striking out sixty and inserting forty-five.
Mr. EGGLESTON. How did the gentle-
man keep the floor?
Mr. LOGAN. If the gentleman understood
parliamentary rules lie could keep it in the
same way. [Laughter.] I was speaking of
eight hundred barrels upon which no tax was
ever paid, because it was transported by some
roundabout way, and just after it was supposed
to reach the warehouse the warehouse was
burned up and the whisky with it, as was
alleged. Two days after it started from Du-
buque it is said to have reached the warehouse.
That was impossible, as everybody knows as
the evidence shows. We try in vain to ferret
out these frauds. Thousands have been com-
mitted in the same way.
Now they talk about the whisky ring.^ Last
winter there was a whisky convention in
Washington city, represented by peoplefrom
Missouri, Illinois, and every State in the Union
where whisky is distilled. Mr. Curtis, of my
own State, was president of that convention.
They resSlved first that—
" In order to confine the opportunities of fraud to
as small a space as possible and avoid the multiplica-
tion of expensive officials, we recommend-that the
tax be assessed and paid at the still, or when the
spirits leave warehouse class 'A,' and that cfass ' B'
warehouses be entirely abolished."
The convention made that recommendation
to us last winter.
Sir, I have been in favor of collecting the
tax at the distillery from the time I knew any-
thing about the matter, and I am for it to-day.
I was told by an attorney of the whisky men
the other day that if I dared to vote against
transportation in bond they would send a man
to Congress next time who would vote for it.
I say let them do it. So far as I am concerned
I shall not vote for anything that I think wrong.
If the whisky ring is strong enough to make
this Congress do just as they have a mind to,
so be it. But 1 do not believe any such thing.
I do not believe there is a member of Congress
controlled by any such influence. These slan-
ders that are afloat through the country are the
slanders of penny-a-liners who are employed
to slander and bedaub tha reputations of men
in this House. But let us act on a principle
that is sensible. Let us collect the tax—-let it
be sixty, fifty, forty, or thirty cents, as it may
be—at the distillery, and have no transporta-
tion in bond, and then you will get your tax,
and you will never do it iu any other way.
An argument is made here that western men
will be crippled by that measure. It is no such
thing. I will tell you what the effect will be
on the West. The moment you collect the tax
at the distillery "warehouse and pass a bill for-
feiting the real estate in case of fraud you
drive the distilleries to the side of the corn-
fields, which is the proper and legitimate place
for tliem to be. That will be the effect of it.
When you collect the tax at the distillery you
drive them from the places where frauds are
committed and put them where frauds cannot
be committed. That will be the effect, and
hence I am for that principle.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I desire to read another
resolution of this whisky convention. They
resolved that inasmuch as the tax was likely to
be reduced to fifty cents a gallon it should be
collected at the distillery with a stamp; and
they say "that any barrel of distilled spirits
found leaving a distillery or class 'A' ware-
house, without such stamp, should be con-
demned and destroyed and the distiller fined
$800 for each barrel; and that any person who
shall buy an unstamped barrel of crude dis-
tilled spirits should be liable to the same pen-
alties as the distiller."
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MILLER obtained the floor.
Mr. SCHENC1C. 1 ask the unanimous con-
sent of the committee that all debate upon this
section shall close in fifteen minutes.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. COVODE, Mr.
INGERSOLL, and others objected.
Mr. SCFIENCK. Well, as gentlemen seem
to be full of the subject, let the debate go on.
Mr. COVODE. I represent a great whisky
district, and I want to say something before the
debate is closed.
Mr. MILLER. Mr. Chairman, it cannot be
expected that within the brief period allowed
members to discuss this section of the bill
under consideration that any one member can
present his views fully. The question under
this section is as to the amount of tax to be
imposed on distillation of spirits. I confess,
Mr. Chairman, that a tax of two dollars per
gallon on an article that costs but thirty cents
to manufacture appears to be exorbitant, and is
higher than imposed in auy other country save
that of Great Britain and, perhaps, Russia. The
amount of whisky annually manufactured in the
United States is variously estimated; some
make it fifty million gallons, others seventy-five
million, and others even as high as one hun-
dred million gallons. The able Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, (Mr. Rollins,) in his last
annual report, page 18, says, that "after
careful consideration of the facts presented, and
after conference with many of the principal
dealers and manufacturers from all sections of
the country, the commissioners are of opinion .
that with the maintenance of the present tax
of two dollars per gallon the quantity of dis-
tilled spirits which may be expected to be pro-
duced and rendered subject to assessment for
the immediate future will be from forty-two to,
forty-five million gallons." In 1865 the Gov-
ernment realized near sixteen million dollars;
in 1866, over twenty-nine million dollars; in
1867, over twenty-eight million dollars, and
the present year, from returns already"made, it
will exceed but little over thirteen million dol-
lars at two dollars per gallon; and of that the
expense of collecting will be near three million
dollars. I do not believe, Mr. Chairman, in
the doctrine contended on this floor that two
dollars tax per gallon cannot be collected. I
am satisfied if honest men were selected as
revenue officersitscollectioncouldbeenforced ;
still I admit that the enormous tax of two dol-
lars per gallon is an incentive tocommit frauds,
and therefore am in favor of reducing the tax,
believing that by doing so the Government will
realize a greater amount of revenue from whisky
tax. But I am opposed to making the tax less
than fifty cents per gallon. Some of the gen-
tlemen contend that it ought to be reduced as
low as twenty-five cents. Such a reduction,
iu my opinion, would be wrong and greatly
reduce the revenue, and the result would be
that Congress would find it necessary shortly
to raise it again. Much has been said in regard
to the "whisky ring." Mr. Chairman, the
only effective means, in my opinion, to thwart
the frauds of that ring is to put the tax at a
reasonable rate, say fifty or sixty cents per
gallon, and enforce the collection by stringent
laws. I agree, Mr. Chairman, with the honor-
able gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan]
that the tax ought to be collected at the dis-
tillery. One great drawback to the revenue is
the numerous useless officers employed, which
absorbs a large amount of the revenue, and this
abuse ought to be corrected at once. Now,
Mr. Chairman, I would say to the committee
let us fix the tax at a fair rate, have no more
officers employed than absolutely necessary,
and I have no doubt we will realize from dis-
tilled spirits from thirty to thirty-five million
dollars per annum.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am not among
those who can say " I told you so," when we
put this tax at two dollars per gallon, for I did
not then suppose there was so much rascality
and corruption in the country as the sequel has
proved to be the ease. But I am now a thor-
ough convert to the propriety of reducing this
tax so far, after securing the revenue, as to
prevent the demoralization and corruption in
the country.
The only question now before the House—
for I believe members are generally in favor
of the reduction of the tax now imposed—is,
how low shall we reduce the tax? Now, I do
not believe with the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Keiaey] that we should reduce
the tax so low that the cost of producing grain
whisky, with the tax added, shall be as low as
the cost of producing molasses whisky without
the tax.
Now, crime is always expensive, and we
should take that fact in consideration. A man
does not steal a little when he risks a great
deal of punishment. He will not set up a still
in a secret place, and cannot afford to buy up
revenue officers, and manufacture molasses
whisky simply for what it costs to buy the
molasses and make the whisky from it. He
must make a large margin of profit before he
will run the risk of punishment and pay the
amount he must for purposes of corruption.
Now, it seems to me that a tax of fifty cents
per gallon, the sum resolved upon by the con-
vention of honest distillers last winter—as they
called themselves, and I know nothing to the
contrary—is about the right figure.-
Mr. INGERSOLL. Allow me to correct
my colleague. The amount recommended by
