1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
architecture sailing every day into and out of
the port of New York, plying between that
city and Liverpool, Queenstown, Southampton,
Havre; and other European ports, every one
of them under a foreign flag ; and when any
of our gentlemen tourists go abroad for pleas-
ure, as many thousands of them do annually,
they go under the foreign flag of course 1
Well, sir, this was not so formerly. It should
not be so now. Let me tell you what the Con-
gress of the United States did at its very first
session—that famous Congress which, as was
claimed in the Senate, settled the question of
the division of powers in this great Govern-
ment. The very first public act of that Con-
gress was an act embracing the protection of
our shipping. Act No. 1 on our statute-book
relates simply to oaths of officers. Act No. 2
is a tariff act, and, among other thing3, pro-
tects American shipping.
The act of August 10, 1790, provided that
the tariff on all articles imported in American
vessels shall be less than if imported ill for-
eign vessels. The great East Indian trade that
I have spoken of we determined to have in our
hands. It was provided that the tax upon tea
iu American vessels should be six cents per
pound, and in foreign vessels fifteen cents per
pound. That was on Bohea tea. On other
teas it was still more. On Hyson it was twenty
cents per pound in American vessels, and forty-
five cents in foreign vessels, making a protec-
tion of twenty-five cents per pound on tea in
favor of American shipping.
On all other goods from China and India
twelve and a half per cent, was afforded to
American vessels in the way of protection;
and on other articles from other countries
there was a protection of five, seven and a half,
ten, and fifteen per cent, in our favor, discrim-.
inating in the articles and the ports from which
they came.
Mr. Speaker, that is the way we began in
this Government, and as a consequence wo
raised our tonnage from two hundred thousand
tons up, in the first twenty years of our exist-
ence, over one million four hundred thousand
tons. After we began to get a respectable
tonnage we commenced to discriminate with
Great Britain and there was a war of statutes.
We have upon our statute-books laws in favor
of the various trades of the country. We de-
termined to have those trades, the West India
trade, the colonial trade, and the trade with
Great Britain. During one period the statutes
were so severe that we could not enter Nova
Scotia to bring out merchandise from there,
and we would not allow Nova Scoriansto come
in and take our articles. We could not import
at all from Nova Scotia, and vessels in my
neighborhood were obliged to meet on the line
and clandestinely transfer the cargo from one
vessel to the other. Such was the protection
that Congress afforded in the early days to our
shipping interest.
Now, sir, they did more than that. The very
third act of Congress was an act expressly for
the protection of our shipping and nothing else.
The law of July 20, 1790, declared that on
American vessels the tonnage tax should be
six cents per ton and on foreign vessels the
tonnage tax should be fifty cents per ton,
making a very material difference.
This tonnage tax, after a geries of years, was
finally abolished, and we were free of it up to
the time of our late war. At the time of our war
we had a tax put upon our tonnage often cents.
A Member. By what acts ?
Mr. PIKE. By the act of 14th July, 1802,
a tonnage duty of ten cents per ton, which was
subsequently increased to thirty cents, and to-
day it stands as an anomaly upon the statute-
books of the country that you lax your own
shipping interest at the rate of thirty cents per
ton.
I ask you to consider for a moment how
this tax upon our tonnage bears upon the ship-
ping interests of the country. I have a letter
from a constituent of mine, living in one of the
small towns where the people get a living by
going to sea, in whieh he says that in his town
Mtf
forty vessels are owned, only two of which are
fit to stand the inclement seas of .winter and
the others have to lay up in that season, being
able only to go to sea in the pleasant summer
months of the year. They follow the coasting
trade, and participate in it for about six
months of the year. They are taxed thirty
cents per ton. He tells me that amount is in
many instances three per cent, annually on a
market valuation !
W hen I proposed to tax the property in our
national bonds one per cent, annually I was
listened to by some who heard me with a kind
of holy horror I The modest tax of one per
cent, was called repudiation, but to tax poor
humble men in my district three per cent,
annually of the gross value of their property is
all right!
That is the way in which Congress now pro-
tects the commerce and the shipping interests
of this country. That is the way in which you
tax the property of poor men who are depend-
ent upon it for their livelihood. That is the
way you tax them, while you relieve cotton
from tax, and when you relieve the rich manu-
facturers of the country fiom $80,000,000 of
tax ; while you do this for the rich manufac-
turers, you impose heavy taxes upon the humble
men who bear your flag upon the high seas as
far as they are able to go.
-And now I come to the reasons for the de-
cline in our shipping. It is very easy to say
that it has been occasioned by the war. The
war stimulated our manufactures.
Mr. MYERS. If the gentleman will allow
me, I do not know that I disagree with him in
what he has said, but I do not like one of his
arguments. Does he mean to tell this House
and the country that the relief we have given
from taxation is simply to certain rich manu-
facturers, and not to the laborers whom they
employ throughout the whole country? If not
why does he use such an unnecessary argument
here in behalf of a just bill?
Mr. PIKE. I made a statement thatcannot
be contradicted, that we relieved from taxa-
tion the rich manufacturers of the county. It
cannot be denied that we have failed to relieve
the humble interests of the country that I have
described. I know the argument of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Myers.] It
is familiar to me from my boyhood. Itisthat
the incidental benefits that accrue to the man-
ufacturer reach the employ*;. I have used
that kind of argument ever since I learned to
talk in public. I was a piotectionist in my
day, and I argued that in protecting the manu-
facturer we protected the employes ; that man-
ufacturing establishments would draw around
them operatives who would receive the drizzle
of protection that filtered through their em-
ployers. I am not so thoroughly imbued with
the justice of that idea as I used to be.
I have come to the conclusion that the laws
of the country need some reforming in this
respect, and instead of going for a higher tariff
I regard it as the interest of this country, all
parts of it, that there should be a reasonable
tariff, founded on reasonable principles.
Mr. PILE. With the permission of the gen-
tleman from Maine, I desire to say that we at
the West always entertained the doctrine which
I understand him now to maintain on the sub-
ject of the tariff.
Mr. PIKE. I return to the question of the
reason for the decline of American shipping.
It has been the custom to say with great flip-
pancy that American shipping has declined
only because of the war. But, sir, the war
quickened all the industrial interests of this
country. It quickened manufactures, agricul-
ture, and trade. Why did it injure commerce?
Foreign pirates were let loose to prey upon our
commerce. They seized our unprotected mer-
chantmen on the ocean and confiscated them.
The result was that few of our vessels would
sail on the oceau for fear of being taken by
pirates, and few sea-going vessels were built.
This was a serious loss. While benefiting
the other great industries of the counti'y it was
hard that those who engaged in commerce
should be almost the only sufferers pecuniarily
by the war. But great as it was it ended with
the war. We lost some six or seven hundred
thousand tons destroyed or sold abroad. We
can easily replace it. Our ship builders can
replace it m a single year if you by your con-
gressional laws will permit them to do it.
Steam is another reason given. It is said
that the commerce of the world is changin®
into steam, and that consequently sail vessels
do not bear the proportion and do the business
that they did formerly. How is that? Why,
of the whole tonnage of Great Britaiu, of the
whole seven millions of tons they have but lit-
tle rising half a million tons of steam tonnage.
Of the great trades I have enumerated but
one, the European-Atlantic trade, is done with
steam. The great East India trade, the West
India trade, the South American trade, the
North Baltic trade, and the • Mediterranean
trade is done to-day, as it has always beea
done, with sail vessels. The only difference
is that those sail vessels are owned in Liver-
pool instead of in this country, and carry at
their masts-head the cross of St. George in-
stead of the stars and stripes.
There is another reason, and that is your
tariff. Under the operation of your tariff as
it is enforced to-day it costs two dollars to
build a vessel in an American port for every
dollar which it costs in an English port. I't
costs $100,000 to set afloat a ship of one thou-
sand tons built in New York, and $50,000 to set
her afloat in St. John. Then, sir, there is an-
other reason. This matter of tonnage is evan-
escent. The life of a vessel is but ten years
on the average, and if we stop building for ten
years our tonnage will run out. You must
renew ten per cent, every year if you would
keep your stock good. If Great Britain does
not build seven hundred thousand tons a year
she loses tonnage. If we, with our little ton-
nage. do not continue to build three hundred
and fifty thousand tons a year we decline. We
must build year by year or else shipwrecks and
wear and tear will drive our vessels from the
ocean.
Well, now, there is a way, and but one way,
by which these two ideas of a protective tariff
and a prosperous shipping interest may be
reconciled. Continue to protect your manu-
factures ; I have constantly voted for them;
but give to your shipping the protection that
Great Britain, under her protective policy,
always gave to her shipping. The subtle idea
of protection underlying British laws was to
iinpoit the law material free. And to-day, ill
Great Britaiu, not one dollar is paid on the
material used in the construction of vessels,
and never has been, and in that way they have
grown up a tonnage of seven millions.
Mr. MILLER. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
ask the honorable gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Pike] a question, and that is, that I hope
the House is not to understand from his re-
marks that he is advocating "free trade." I
should regret if my friend should go over to
that party and advocate a system that is detri-
mental to American interest.
Mr. PIKE. I hope I have stated my position
so clearly that there is no misunderstanding
it. I constantly vote for tariffs—I do not advo-
cate free trade—but we must have the articles
that enter into ship-building free of duty or we
cannot build ships. If it is an object to have
ships built in this country you must allow the
ship-builders to have their materials free of
duty.
This is no new principle on our statute-
book. We have had drawbacks ever since we
had tariffs. Whenever we have exported an
article of American manufacture where there
was an American tax on it we have had a draw-
back on that article, as to-day we have upon
the article of whisky and all the various arti-
cles covered by our internal tax law. Now. a
ship is constantly exported, and on that prin-
ciple is entitled to drawback. She goes abroad
iu competition with foreign vessels. She gets
the same freights as Liverpool vessels, pays tho
same tonnage dues, tho same port charges and
