1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1353
has removed military commanders that the
reconstruction laws might be disregarded and
opposed ; he has, oat of a vile nature, insisted
against positive law, destroying the fabric of re-
construction you were raising as the safeguard
and protection to the loyal people of the whole
South. He has not only insulted the nation
by his conduct as President of the Senate, but
he has disgraced that high office in which he
was placed by the death of his illustrious pre-
decessor; he has dragged, as a demagogue,
the robes of his high official position in the
purlieus and tilth of treason ; he has per-
mitted, through base officers, the revenues of
the country to be plundered and applied to
base political purposes. I do not believe there
can be any settled quiet or permanent peace
or obedience to law until he has been im-
• peached and removed from the office he has
disgraced and dishonored.
Mr. PHELPS. Will the gentleman let me
ask him a question?
Mr. LOGAN. I will yield for a question.
Mr. PHELPS. Is it not the- object and
effect of this proceeding to clinch negro suffrage
in this country in violation of the will of the
people? [Laughter.]
Mr. LOGAN. What?
Mr. PHELPS. The impeachment of Presi-
dent Johnson.
Mr. LOGAN. Why, sir? I do not know.
T hope that will not discourage us from im-
peaching him. [Laughter,] I did not know
negro suffrage was a question in this trial. I
did not know that negro suffrage cut any figure
in this tenure-of-office bill. [Laughter.]
Mr. PHELPS. It has as much to do with
the impeachment of the President as anything
you were discussing when I interrupted you.
Mr. LOGAN. I am obliged to the gentle-
man for the information he has imparted to
me, but I confess I do not know that it troubles
me in this case in the least.
Mr. PHELPS. When gentlemen on the
other side wish to carry out their objects they
do not let anything like law trouble them.
Mr. LOGAN. A good many things trouble
us, and if some of them could get into the gen-
tleman's head they would trouble him. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. Speaker, I was speaking of the circum-
stances which surround this man and which
prove it was his deliberate intention to perpe-
trate a violation of the law. I was saying he
had disgraced the high office he held. I do not
propose to go into a history of his many and
grievous offenses. They are patent to the
whole country. He has appointed to office
disreputable persons. He has done every act
which can be enumerated in the English lan-
guage which is'an obstruction to the prosper-
ity of this nation and the preservation of the
harmony of its people. lie has done every-
thing to prevent the reorganization of the rebel
States and the reconstruction of the Union.
He has done every act a man can conceive,
not only calculated to degrade himself, but to
destroy the rights of the American people.
Mr. Speaker, I believe before my Cod this
bad man's intention is and has been to reinau-
gurate revolution in this country. He sees
that he is a disgraced man. He sees that the
last revolution has failed, and he can only
look for the perpetuation of his power to the
inauguration of another. I kuow this may be
foreign to this issue; but I have been led to
make these remarks because of the remarks
that have been made by others. The gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Brooks] made to-
day nearly the same speech he delivered when
once before the case of Andrew Johnson was
before the House for impeachment. I listened
to it then; I listened to it to-day. _ It was full
of revolution then ; it was full of it to-day. It
was full of the history of Greece and Rome
then ; it was the same to-day. It was full of
the rise and progress of republics and the
downfall of empires then, and was replete with
the same to-day. It was full of the heads and
horns of Radical misrule and the fall of dynas-
ties then, and was the same to-day. And to-day
more than then he treated us to dark and bloody
scenes and many warnings and threats that
unless we were careful blood, blood, Mr.
Speaker, would flow. [Laughter.] But, sir,
if we must wait until blood shall flow on his
account we must wait, I fancy, a very long
while. [Renewed laughter.]
I know, sir, the time was when these Halls
rang with just such threats of revolution, but
the revolutionists were driven from the seat
of power. Nobody is afraid now. We have
passed through the fiery ordeal of rebellion
once, and we are not to be alarmed by threats
of it again. I do not want to see another rev-
olution. I do not want to see bloodshed. God
knows I have witnessed enough of it. But
while the gentleman is giving us warning let
me give him a warning. The law says Andrew
Johnson shall not do a certain thing. He has
done it. If we impeach him it is for violation
of law, and while we stand by the law he can
go on with his revolution, and nobody will be
hurt and very few alarmed. You cannot get
the people of this country to sustain him in a
disloyal or unlawful act. If he finds anybody
to sustain him I think it will be the rebels, and
I do not think they have any advantage just
now over us that I can conccive of in particu-
lar. [Laughter.] If he has nobody to sus-
tain him but these Democrats I do not think
they want war again, because they themselves
might be forced into it the next time. [Laugh-
ter.]
Now, I have no threats to make. God
knows lam not a fighting man of my own choice,
and 1 do not want to fight. [Laughter.] But,
as the gentlemen talk about fighting, let me
ask them, how many men can you muster to
stand by Andrew Johnson in a revolution?
Why, he would desert them in a week after
they had rallied around him. [Laughter.]
You cannot get people to go to war on such
uncertainties.
Mr. MULLINS. He would not stand fire a
minute. [Laughter.]
Mr. LOGAN. I never saw him under fire,
so I cannot tell. But, sir, though gentlemen
talk about rebellion, there will be none. The
people of this couutry are not, going to get up
a rebellion on Andrew Johnson's account. If
they ever do get up one on account of any man
it will be somebody who stands higher than
Andrew Johnson. I venture the assertion,
that if we do our duty in this Congress and
stand by the law, in one week after Mr. John-
son is hurled from the seat of power llie loyal
people in the land will have new strength,
new energy, new vigor, and their hearts will
well up with joy and gratitude to God that
there has been found backbone enough in
this Congress to do right and stand by the law.
They will rejoice that a man will succeed to
the presidential chair who will see that the
laws of the land are not obstructed and that
the work of reconstruction goes on. When-
ever you convict a criminal justly no man
sheds a tear on his behalf on account of the
execution of the law, but their sorrows are
that the law has been violated.
Sir, the conviction of Andrew Johnson cause
this country to be alarmed! Why, sir, your
Secretary of the Treasury and some of his
friends may raise a storm in Wall street and
cause gold to go up one or two per cent, just
at this time, but I tell you the moment Andrew
Johnson is impeached it will go down twice as
fast as it went up. The confidence in the Rep-
resentatives of the people will be restored,
and thereafter they will see pursued a straight-
forward course of rigid justice and economy in
conformity to law, and that being done there
will be no danger to apprehend of the liberties
of the people being taken from them.
These gentlemen who cry out against impeach-
ment say this is a solemn occasion. Why sol-
emn? I kuow if you arraign a man for any
high crime the attorney who defends him will
put on a serious look and talk about its being
a solemn occasion. Sir, this is not a solemn
occasion to me. It never alarms me when I
know that I am doing my duty conscientiously
before my God and sustaining the law and the
Constitution of my country. It only nerves
me and fills me with new hope and energy.
But while gentlemen are deploring the decapi-
tation of Mr. Johnson, a man that is an ob-
struction in every possible way to the peace,
prosperity, union, and happiness of this great
people, I tell this House, be of good cheer; we
will yet be a happy and harmonious people.
There will be no revolution. A country that
in time of war and excitement can stand tho
assassination of as good and just a President
as Abraham Lincoln can and will stand the
impeachment of as bad a President as Andrew
Johnson.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOLMAN. We have listened to much
excited eloquence upon this question. It is
too manifest that Congress, moving on with
that impetus which is ever the result of excess-
ive political power, seeks to usurp those powers
which are by the Constitution vested in the
other Departments of the Government. I do
not propose to discuss this subject or answer
the speech of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Logan] with any words of my own. I have
before me a paper which is full of mature wis-
dom and patriotic counsel, a speech that comes
from the solemn past, yet speaks to every heart
that beats for the CJnion of these States, and
the prosperity of the American people; a voice
that is answered back from every battle-field
of the Revolution, and from the grave of every
soldier who has fallen in defense of American
liberty. I ask that this speech may be road to
the House, as appropriate to this day, the 22d
of February, a day once so venerated. I ask
that this immortal address to the American
people, a speech that needs no revision; a
speech in which there can be no interruptions,
may, in this moment of passion, bo read to the
American Congress, for I can well afford to be
silent while that great voice speaks to the Rep-
resentatives of the people of this Republic.
The Clerk commenced the reading of Wash-
ington's Farewell Address.
Mr. PETERS. I rise to a question of order.
I insist that that address is not germane to the
question before the House.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I insist that it is exceed-
ingly germane.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Allow me to
suggest that it is germane, for the reason that
it relates to retirement from office. [Laughter.]
Mr. PETERS. That is too remote.
The SPEAKER pro tempore,, (Mr. Blaine,
in the chair.) The Chair sustains the point
of order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope no gentleman will
object to the completion of the reading; it
will only occupy the time I am entitled to.
Mr. PETERS. It is doubtless very in-
structive, and so would a chapter of the Bible
be, but it has nothing to do with the question
before the House, and I insist upon the point
of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Up to this
point the discussion has been pertinent and
germane to the question—very closely so—and
the Chair is compelled to rule, the question of
order being raised, that this is not germane or
in order. The gentleman from Indiana will
j proceed in order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suppose, Mr. Speaker,
the Constitution of the United States would
scarcely be m order. I will not ask to have it
i read.
Whatever may be the opinion of gentlemen
here of the Farewell Address of Washington, I
am still hopeful that the great mass of the
American people still love and venerate the
name and memory of Washington, and that
there are those who listen still to his counsels.
When it shall be otherwise tho love of liberty
will have perished. There are portions of this
Farewell Address—his last utterance to tho
American people—which I assert are clearly
in order, and to them 1 shall refer, for they
are most pertinent to this occasion. It is pro-
posed, on a doubtful question of construction,
not only with reference to the constitutional
