1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4425
Congress, the Thirty-Fifth, the Sergeant-at-Arms
charged and received in the Fort Snelling investiga-
tion $4,408 for summoning forty-eight witness,
making £100 17 each. Other comparisons between
1867 and 1858, show similar results. Tjie parties who
have purchased the hook will hardly profit by con-
trasting the Thirty-Fifth and Thirty-Ninth Con-
gresses.
The charge against the Clerk of having a person on
his roll who was never m Washington has about as
little real truth in it as the other principal charges
'in the book. No such person has been upon the roll
since this committee was organized. It is said that
some time iu 1807, during the recess, the Clerk being
at his home, and having his business correspondence,
which is large, sent there, procured assistance there
instead of taking it from Washington. This was
approved by the Committee of Accounts and as no
additional expense to the Government was thereby
incurred we see no reason to complain of it now.
The ease of Anna E. Ward, complained of in the
book, was examined by the Committee on Accounts
some time since. She is the widow of a soldier who
held the office until his death, which resulted from
wounds received in the service ,* his widow was left
destitute and was appointed to succeed him. She
procures the services to be performed by another
person who draws no pay from the Government.
This is not strictly regular, but the Government is
not the loser. The services are performed, and the
salary is paid; and it is an unfeeling act to strike at
the pittance of a soldier's widow. If the House
wants her discharged, it must not ask the committee
to nrake the order.
There seems to be no specific charge against the
Doorkeeper, except the refusal to pay Mr. Mnnker
his full salary while absent from his post. This is
treated of elsewhere.
The charge that the Postmaster is interested in the
contract for cartage made by himself is proven to be
wholly without foundation. S. H. Dunham, so far
from being a myth, is a citizen of the State of New
York, who becoming tired of his contract left Wash-
ington, after bargaining with other parties to carry
it out.
The charge that these officers are keeping their
horses at the public expense is untrne. No charge
for forage for horses appears anywhere against the
Government.
The controversy between the witness Hanker and
the Doorkeeper, according to his own testimony, is
this: about the adjournment of thG March session
of the Fortieth Congress a resolution was passed di-
recting the Doorkeeper to retain his assistants and
employes upon the roll. There were services to be
performed which would require some time, and an
adjourned suasion was to bo held in July following.
After the adjournment the witness desired to be ab-
sent during the recess, lie was told by Mr. Spicer
that ho could do so upon paying out of his salary such
sum as would be necessary to procure a substitute.
He assented to this, and remained away from that
time until November, except during the July ses-
sion. His entire period of absence was about six
months. During this time, he received his full pay,
a little over seven hundred dollars, though he per-
formed no services whatever, and paid Mr. Spicer
out of it $150 for procuring a substitute. He further
states that on hisreturn to Washington in Novem-
ber, he discovered that no substitute had ever been
employed, and hedeiuandedof Mr. Spicer the money
he had paid. lie also states that there were four-
teen subordinates of the Doorkeeper besideshimself
who obtained leave of absence under a similar ar-
ia.nurement, and that the aggregate amount paid to
Mr. Spicer, including his own, was $1,950.
The testimony of Mr. Spicer admits the receipt of
that amount oi money, and alleges it to have been
all paid over by him in good faith to substitutes pro-
cured for the absent parties.
A practice such as this the committee conceive to
be liable to great abuses, and they recommend its
entire discontinuance. As the Doorkeeper himself
oonours in this opinion it will bo unnecessary to
notice this subject further. The practice is of long
standing, and is one ot the legacies left by Congresses
prior to 1861 to their successors.
Upon the merits oi the controversy the committee
by no means agree with Mr. Manker. Even assum-
ing his statement of the facts to be correct, it is dif-
ficult to see how he can be entitled to the money.
it Mr.Spicer, thcrepresentativeofthe Doorkeeper,
and, therefore, ol the House, procured service which
Mr. Manker had undertaken to perform for a less
sum than that allowed by the House the difference
properly belongs to the funds of the House. Indeed,
Mr. Manker himself appears to have received more
uiuuey than he was entitled to. Justice between him
and the Government requires that he should refund
the remainder ot his $700, he having been absent
from his post during the period for which it was paid
him, and having rendered no services whatever.
It Mr. Manker leally desired to correct abuses, it
is difficult to see why ho did not apply to this com-
mittee. He made a written statement of his griev-
ances, as hesays, to the Speaker of the House, whoso
letter is appended to the testimony, and who very
properly referred his friends to the Committee on
Accounts. Possibly Mr. Manker knew that though
this might result in getting the money paid over to
the Government yet it would not benefit him.
it is not to be denied that the expenses of legisla-
tion are greater than they should be. This is owing
to a number of abuses which the party now in power
in Congress found in full vigor at tbeir accession.
Many of these have been already remedied. Scarcely
arecentsession of Congress has passed without la} ing
the ax at the rootof some old mischief.
The expenses of investigating committees have
been systematized and greatly lessened. During the
present session of Congress a limit has been for the
first time placed upon the stationery allowed to Sen-
ators. Great abuses and extravagances existed in this
particular prior to 1861, and to someextentup to the
recent enactment. A variety of old abuses in furnish-
ing the Hall and the committee-rooms, thedetails of
which would swell this report unnecessarily, have
been lemedicd by the Thirty-Eighth, Thirty-Ninth,
and Fortieth Congresses. Many evils still exist and
the committee take this occasion to recommend still
further reforms; but vague, monstrous, and incredi-
ble charges of fraud discourage investigation, and
prevent the correction of actual abuses.
The books of the postmaster show an extravagance
in the furnishing ol stationery to the various com-
mittees, and the mode by which members are sup-
plied appears wasteful and liable to abuse. Until
recently no account was required to be rendered by
law of the stationery delivered to the postmaster
for the members. During the present Congress such
a law has been enacted, and unless the system be
changed it will be difficult to prevent serious loss
annually to the postmaster. The committee there-
fore recommend the passage of the accompanying
resolutions upon that subject.
The number of officers and employes of the House
is unnecessarily la rge. But as the reorganization of
the House in this respect is now in the hands of an-
other committee it is hoped a proper remedy will be
applied. It may be said, however, that even this
has yielded to some extent to recent reform. In the
Thirty-Fifth Congress the number was two hundred
and fifty-seven. Now, notwithstanding the immense
increase of legislative business, and t.tie consequent
greater necessity for clerks and employ6s, the nuin-
is but two hundred and twenty-one.
The old mischief ol voting increased compensation
to officers' clerks and empioy6s usually just at the
close of the session has yielded to a similar partial
reform.
In the Thirty-Fifth Congrees, at its second session,
as appears by Miscellaneous Document, pagesl48-loi,
the amount voted and paid was $45,862 40 in gold,
while during the entire pciiod since January 1, 18G7,
and up to the present time the amount paid was only
£23,444 52 in currency, as appears by table B, ap-
pended to this report.
The officers and employes of the House should be
adequately paid by regular salaries, and the number
should be limited to that sufficient to perform the
duties thoroughly.
The attention of the committee has been called to
some other matters requiring reformation. The two
folding departments needconsolidatmgand reorgan-
izing. Tho manner in which horses, carriages, and
cartage are supplied for the public servicc needs re-
vising, and some further changesought to be made m
the manner of furnishing the Hall and committee
rooms. Tho committee therefore request power to
continue the investigation during the recess and
report finally at the next session ot Congress.
All of which is respectfully submitted.
J. M. BROOMALL, Chairman.
The committee report the following resolu-
tions :
Resolved, &c., That the Clerk be, and he is hereby,
authorized, as the agent of the House in this be-
half, to purchase, in the manner provided by law, on
the best terms he may find practicable, such station-
ery as may be requisite for the use of the House and
Clerk's office, giving preference in all cases to Ameri-
can manufacture, provided it be equally cheap and
of as good quality; that he cause to be recorded in
a well bound book, suited to that purpose, the bills
and invoices of ail the stationery he may so pur-
chase from timoto time; that he deliver to the mem-
bers of Congress and officers heieiuafter named the
amounts of stationery hereinafter specified, keep-
ing an accurate account of thesauie, and also of the
quantity and value of that used in the Clerk s office,
and that hereafter, in the annual reports now re-
quired by law to be made by the Clerk, showing the
amount of expenditure from the contingent fund of
the House, he be required to state, accurately and
distinctly, the quantity and cost of all the stationery
delivered pursuant to the provisions hereof, and that
used in the Clerk's office; also tho amount remain-
ing on hand at the time of making such statement,
and the amount of unexpended appropriation for
stationery: Provided, That the amount furnished
to members of Congress maybe embraced in a single
item.
Hesolvcd, That the Clerk be, and he is hereby, re-
quired to deliver to every member of the House the
usual articles of stationery now furnished to mem-
bers to an amount not exceeding in value that author-
ized by law, at the cost price, in tho stationery room,
or, at the option of the members to pay them tUe
proper commutation in money; that he keep a true
and accurate account of all stationery which he may
so deliver to the several members of the House; and
it in any case a member shall receive a gieater
amount of stationery during any session than is
above provided, tho Clerk shall, before the close of
such session, furnish to the kergeant-at-Arins an
account of such excess beyond the amounts above
specified, who is hereby required to deduct the amount
of such excess from the pay and mileage of such
members, and refund the same into the Treasury :
Provided, That this limitation is not intended to be
made applicable to the use of wrapping-paper and
envelopes which may be required in the folding-room.
liesoived. That the Clerk be, and he is heieby,
authorized and required to deliver to every chair-
man of the committees of the House for the use of
suoh committees, and to the Postmaster, Sergeant-
at-Arms, and Doorkeeper, for the use of their respect-
ive offices at every session of Congress, similar arti-
cles of stationery, not exceeding in value an amount
which from time to timo shall be fixed upon by
tho Committee on Accounts, and approved by the
Speaker.
Mr. BROOMALL. The changes proposed
by the committee are embraced in a few items
and can be explained in a few words, and,
although it is late in the session, I trust the
House will adopt the resolutions, for the sooner
a reform of this kind is begun the better. The
resolutions are nearly a copy of those of March
4, 1842, upon the same subject, preserving the
phraseology, except where it is necessary to
carry out what the committee recommend to be
changed.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to make an
inquiry.
Mr. BROOMALL. Certainly.
Mr. DAWES. The resolutions, if I under-
stand them correctly, authorize the Clerk to
purchase on account all the stationery. "What
objection is there to his offering bids?
Mr. BROOMALL. That is the law now,
and it is what the resolution requires. The
resolutions of March 4,1842, were passed before
the Clerk was required to purchase on bids or
proposals. The law requiring this to be done
having since been passed, the present resolu-
tions are made to correspond with the law.
The words are "in the manner provided by
law." That is one change.
The next change in the first resolution is
that instead of requiring the Clerk to deliver
the stationery to the Postmaster, to be deliv-
ered by him to members of the House, it re-
quires him to deliver it to the members at
on ce.
Mr. DAWES. One moment. Without any
disposition to oppose the gentleman, I would
like to inquire what necessity there is for pay-
ing such an enormous price for stationery as
is charged in our account. In my own dis-
trict this paper can be produced for less than
half what it stands in our accounts. Note
paper is charged six dollars a ream. Now, I
do not know much about it, but I never paid
more than three dollars a ream at home for
note paper. The paper is manufactured in
large quantities in my district, and I suppose
it would be a matter of economy to go to the
factory and purchase it.
Mr. BROOMALL. The practice we propose
to institute will test whether or not we are
charged too much through the Clerk, because,
as the gentleman will see in a little while, we
propose to allow members the option of get-
ting their stationery from the Clerk or taking
their commutation money and getting it where-
ever they please. If they find it profitable to
get it elsewhere then a more rigid inquiry
into the cost price to the Clerk will be necessary
to be instituted. But the cost of certain kinds
of paper which the gentleman alludes to may
be accounted for in this way. That kind of
paper has a printed heading, which has to be
put on by a separate operation after the paper
is purchased, and that increases the cost.
Mr. DAWES. I saw an account coming
over here from the Senate, in which the mere
printing of the heading added $0 50 to each
ream. It seems to me that that is a great
deal.
Mr. BROOMALL. That is more than it
has cost us at any time. Two or three dollars
a ream is all that it has cost the Clerk of the
House.
Mr. DAWES. That is the statement I saw.
Mr. BROOMALL. If the gentleman will
excuse me, after a brief explanation of the
resolutions I will answer any questions.
1 was about saying that the second change
we propose in the first resolution of March 4,
1862, is to require the Clerk in his published
accounts which are made annually, to insert
the balance of stationery on hand and the
amount of unexpended appropriation for sta-
tionery. This will enable anybody from the
book to ascertain whether the accounts balance.
As at present published it is impossible to do
that.
The second resolution substitutes in place
of the Postmaster the Clerk of the House. It
does away with the store which is kept over in
the post-office room, and where there is un-
avoidably a good deal of waste of stationery.
