320
SUPPLEMENT-TO"
nothing. How his voice rang oat in this Hall
in the hoar of alarm for the good cause, and in
denunciation of the rebellion. But he did not
remain here; it was a pleasant, honorable,
sale, and easy position; but he was wanted
for a more difficult and arduous and perilous
service. He faltered not, but entered upon it.
That was a trial of his courage and patriotism
of which some of you who now sit in judgment
on more than his life know nothing. I have
often thought that those who dwelt- at the
North, safely distant frorti'the collisions and
strife of the war, knew but little of its actual,
trying dangers. We who lived on the border
know more. Our horizon was always red with
its flame; and it sometimes burned so near us
that we eould feel its heat upon the outstretched
hand. But he was wanted for greater peril,
and went into the very furnace of the war, and
there served his country long and well. Who
of you have done more? Not one. There is
one here whose services cannot be over-esti-
mated, as I well know, and I withdraw all com-
parison.
But it is enough to say that his services were
great and needed; and it seems hard, it seems
cruel, Senators, that he should be dragged here
as" a criminal, or that any one who served his
country and bore himself well and bravely
through that trying ordeal, should be'con-
demned upon miserable technicalities.
If he has committed any gross crime, shock-
ing alike and indiscriminately the entire public
mind, then condemn him ; but he has rendered
service to the country that entitles him to kind
and respectful consideration. He has prece-
dents for everything he has done, and what
excellent precedents ! The voices of the great
dead come to us from the grave sanctioning his
course. All our past history approves it. How
can you single out this man now, in this condi-
tion of things, and brand him before the world,
put your brand of infamy upon him because he
made an ad interim appointment for a day;
and possibly may have made a mistake in at-
tempting to remove Stanton ? 1 can at a glance
put my eye on Senatora here who would not
endure the position which he occupied. You
do not think it is right yourselves. You framed
this civil-tenure law to give each President his
own Cabinet, and yet his whole crime is that
he wants harmony and peace in his.
Senators, 1 will not go on. There is a great
deal that is crowding on my tongue for utter-
ance, but it is not from my head ; it is rather
from my heart; and it would he hut a repeti-
tion of the vain things I have been saying the
past half hour. Jiut I do hope you will not
drive the President out and take possession of
his office. I hope this not merely as counsel
for Andrew Johnson—for Andrew Johnson's
administration is to me but as a moment,
and himself as nothing in comparison with the
possible consequences of such an act. No
good can coine of it, Senators, and how much
will the heart of the nation be refreshed if at.
last the Senate of the United States can, in its
judgment, upon this ease, maintain its ancient
dignity atid high character in the midst of storm
and passion arid strife.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. Chief Justice, I move
that the Senate, sitting as a court of impeach-
ment, adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Sen-
ate, sitting for the trial of the impeachment,
adjourned.
Monday, April 27, 1«68.
The Chief Justice of the United States took
the chair.
The usual proclamation having been made
by the Sergeant-at-Arms,
The Managers of the impeachment on the
part of the House of Representatives and the
counsel for the respondent, except Mr. Stan-
bery, appeared and took the seats assigned to
them respectively.
_ The members of the House of Representa-
tives, as in Committee of the Whole, preceded
by Mr. E. B. Washbukxe, chairman of that
committee, and accompanied by the Speaker
and Clerk, appeared and were conducted to
the seats provided for them.
The Journal of last Saturday's proceedings
of the Senate sitting for the trial of impeach-
ment was read.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The first business
in order is the consideration of the order sub-
mitted by the Senater from Vermont, [Mr.
Edmunds. ] The Secretary will read the order.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Ordered, That after the arguments shall be con-
cluded, and when the doors shall be closed for do-
liberation upon the final question, the official report-
ers of the Senate shall take down the debates upon
the final question, to be reported in the proceedings.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I propose
an amendment to the resolution, which I send
to the Chair.
The Chief Justice read the amendment, which
was to add to the proposed order the following
words:
But no Senator shall speak more than once, nor to
exceed fifteen minutes, during such deliberation.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Chief Justice. I ask
for the reading of the rule in relation to the
time Senators are permitted to speak. I think
it is fifteen minutes upon each article.
The CHIEF J (JSTICE. The Secretary will
read the rule.
The Chief Clerk read rule twenty-three, as
follows:
"XXIIL Alltheordersanddeeisions shall bemade
and had by yoas and nays, which shall be entered
on the record, and without debate, except when the
doors shall bo closed for deliberation, and in that
case no member shall speak more than once on one
question, and for not more than ten minutes on an
interlocutory question, and for not more than fifteen
minutes on the final question, unless by consent of
the ,Senate, to be had without debate; but a motion
to udjoum may be decided without tho yeas and
nays, unless they bo demanded by ono fifth of the
members present."
Mr. JOHNSON. That is upon each article,
as I supposed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir; it is not.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question is on
the amendment, proposed by the Senator from
Oregon, [Mr. Wi.txiams.]
Mr. HOWARD. I move to amend the
amendment by adding after tho words " fif-
teen minutes'' the words "on one question.'"
Tho CHI El1' J USTJCB. The question is on
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Michigan to the amendment of the Senator
from Oregon.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered ; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 10, nays :!0 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Xiuckalew, Davis, Dixon,
Doolittle,Fessenden,Fowler. Frelinghuysen, Grimes,
Hendneks, Howard,. Johnson, McCroery. Norton,
PaUorson of Tennessee, Sauisbury, Trumbull, Vick-
ers. and Witley—19.
N A VS—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Chandler, Conk-
ling, Corbett, Uragiti, Drake, Edmunds, Ferry. Har-
lan, Henderson, llowo, Morgan, JSIorrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton. Nye. Patterson of New
Hampshire, Pomcroy.ltanisey, Ross, Sherman, Stew-
art, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Van Winkle, Williams,
Wilson, and Yn,t.es-~:i(t.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anthony, Cole, Conness,
Siirague, and Wade—5.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question re-
curs on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Oregon.
Mr. BAYARD. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out "fifteen" and
inserting "thirty;'' and on that I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yoas 10, nays 31; as follows:
YRAS—Messrs. Bayard, Buokaiew, Corbett, Davis,
Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden, Fowler, Grimes, Hend-
ricks, Johnson, MeCreery, Norton, Patterson of Ten-
nessee. Saul&bury, and Viokers—1(3.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Cattell, Chnud-
Ier.Conkling, Cragin, Diakc, Edmunds, Ferry, Fre-
hnghuysen, Harlan, Henderson, Howard, Howe, Mor-
gan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Nye, Patterson of New Hampshire, Pomeroy. Ram-
sey ,Ross, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Tip ton,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, Willey, Williams, Wilson,
and Yates—34.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Cole, Conness, Sprague,
and Wade—4.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question re-
curs on the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon.
Mr. MORTON. I mt>ve the postponement
of the further consideration of this subject
until after the argument is concluded by the
counsel and the Managers.
Mr. HOWARD. I second that motion.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The next business
in order is the consideration of the proposed
new rules submitted by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Sumner.] The first one of
them will be read.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I ask that
those propositions, which were moved by me
on Saturday, may go over until after the close
of the argument.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. If there be no
objection the proposition of the Senator from
Massachusetts will be considered as agreed to,
and the proposed rules will go over.. Gentle-
men Managers on the part of the House of
Representatives, you will please proceed with
the argument.
Hon. THADDEUS STEVENS, one of the
Managers on behalf of the House of Repre-
sentatives, addressed the Senate as follows:
Mr. Chief Justice, may it please the court,
I trust to be able to be brief in my remarks,
unless I should find myself less master of
the subject which I propose to discuss than
I hope. Experience has taught that nothing
is so prolix as ignorance. I fear I may prove
thus ignorant, as I had not expected to take
part in this debate until very lately.
I shall discuss but a single article—the one
that was finally adopted upon my earnest
solicitation, and which, if proved, I considered
then, and still consider, as quite sufficient for
the ample conviction of the distinguished re-
spondent and for his removal from office,
which is the only legitimate object for which
this impeachment could be instituted.
During the very brief period which I shall
occupy 1 desire to discuss the charges against
the respondent in no mean spirit of malignity
or vituperation, but to argue them in a manner
worthy of the high tribunal before which I
appear and of the exalted position of the
accused. Whatever may be thought of his
character or condition, he has been made re-
spectable and his condition has been dignified
by the action of his fellow-citizens. Railing
accusation, therefore, would ill become this
occasion, this tribunal, or a proper sense of
the position of those who discuss this question
on the one side or the other.
To see the chief servant of a trusting com-
munity arraigned before the bar of public
justice, charged with high delinquencies, is
interesting. To behold the Chief' Executive
Magistrate of a powerful people charged with
the betrayal of his trust, and arraigned for high
crimes and misdemeanors, is always a most
interesting spectacle. When the charges against
such public servant accuse him of an attempt
to betray the high trust confided in him and
usurp the power of a whole people, that ho may
become their ruler, it is intensely interesting to
millions of men, and should be discussed with
a calm determination, which nothing can divert
and nothing can reduce to mockery. Such is
the condition of this great Republic, as looked
upon by an astonished and wondering world.
The offices of impeachment in England and
America are very different from each other in
the uses made or them for the punishment of
offenses; and he will greatly err who under-
takes to make out an analogy between them,
either in the mode of trial or the final result.
In England the highest crimes may be tried
before the high court of impeachment, and the
severest punishments, even to imprisonment,
fine, and death, may be inflicted.
When our Constitution was framed all these
personal punishments were excluded from the
judgment, and the defendant was to be dealt
with just so far as the public safety required,
and no further. Hence it was made to apply
