1354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
powers of the national Executive, but with
reference to the interpretation of a law, that
the President of the United States shall be
impeached for high crimes and misdemeanors.
You propose to impeach the President upon a
mere question of opinion, when, in fact, no
crime or misdemeanor has been committed,
nor, indeed, any material step taken toward
the commission of any offense under any inter-
pretation of law. It can only be said that the
President of the United States has assigned a
military officer to a given duty, to the same
duty to which he recently assigned the Gene-
ral of the Army, and that officer has sought to
enter upon the discharge of that duty, but has
failed to do so, and the incumbent remains in
his office. It cannot be said, no matter what
interpretation you place on the tenure-of-office
law, that an offense has been in fact committed;
for, if Edwin M. Stanton was Secretary of War
he is still the Secretary of War; he is still in
fact as he was in possession of his office $ for
the Senate has declined to confirm a successor.
Here, sir, are your articles of impeachment:
"At twenty minutes past two, Mr. Stevens, of
Pennsylvania, chairman of the Reconstruction Com-
mittee,presented a report to the House, as follows:
"That, in addition to the papers referred to the
committee, the committee find that the President, on
the 21st day of February, 1808, signed and ordered a
commission or letter of authoiity to one Lorenzo
Thomas, directing and authorizing said Thomas to
act as Secretary of War ad interim, and to take pos-
sesion of the books, records, papers, and other pub-
lic property in the War Department, of which the
following is a copy:
"Executive Mansion,
" "VV^shixgton, D. <J., February 21,1808.
"Sir: Hon. Edwin M. Stanton having been re-
moved from office as Secretary of tho Department of
War, you are hereby authorized and empowered to
act as Secretary of War ad interim, and wilt imme-
diately enter upon tho discharge of the duties per-
taining to that ofliee.
"Mr. Stanton has been instructed to transfer to
you all records, book?, papers, and other public prop-
erty intrusted to his charge.
" llespeettully yours, AXDREW JOHNSON.
"To Brevet Mctjnr General Lorenzo Thomas, Adjutant
(Jencrtd United States Arm)/, Washington., 1). C.
"Official copy, respectfully furnished to Hon. Ed-
win M. Stanton. ^ L. TIIOMAS.
" Secretary of War ud interim.
"Upon the evidence collected by the committee,
which is hereafter presented, and in virtue ot the
powers with which they have been invested by tho
House, they are nf opinion that Andrew Johnson,
President of the United States, bo impeached of high
crimes and misdemeanors. They therefore recom-
mend to the House the adoption of the accompanying
resolution: "TIIADDEUS STKVENS,
"OWOKGE S. BOUTWELL,
"JOHN A, IHNGIiAM,
"C. T. TTULBURD.
"JOHN E. EARNSWORTH,
" F. I3KAMAN,
"H.E. PAINE.
u Renolved, That Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States, be impeached of high crimes and mis-
demeanors."
And for this the President of the United
States is to be impeachcd. Here, sir, party
spirit, with its rancor and passion, is the
master. It is the reckless passion of party
spirit which is seeking here, through Congress,
to usurp the powers winch belong to the national
Executive, as it has already sought to seize
upon those powers which belong to the judicial
Department of the Government as established
by the Federal Constitution. Every step in
this proceeding has beeu marked by the reck-
less haste and aggressiveness of party spirit.
Mr. Speaker, let me invite the attention of
gentlemen to the language of this rejected ad-
dress. Uow wisely this illustrious patriot coun-
seled us against the evil effects of party and of
the dangers of its supremacy:
"I have already intimated to you the danger of
parties m the State, with particular reference to the
founding of them on geographical discriminations.
Let me now take a more comprehensive view, ami
warn you. m the most bolemn manner, against the
baneful effects of the spirit of party generally.
"This spirit, unfortunately, is inseparable from our
nature, having its root in the strongest Rations of
the human mind. It exists under different shapes
in all Governments, more or less stifled, controlled,
or repressed ; but in those of the popular form it is
seen m its greatest rankness, and is truly their worst
enemy.
"Tho alternate domination of one faction over
another, sharpened by the spirit of revenge natural
to party dissension, which, in different ages and
countries, has perpetrated the most horrid enormi-
ties, is itself a frightful despotism. But this leads,
at length, to a more formal and permanent despotism.
The disorders and miseries which result gradually
incline the minds of men to seek security and repose
in the absolute power of an individual; and, sooner
or later, the chief of some prevailing faction, more
able or more fortunate than his competitors, turns
this disposition to the purposes of his own elevation
on the ruins of public liberty.
" Without looking forward to an extremity of this
kind, (which, nevertheless, ought not to be entirely
out of sight,) the common and continual mischiefs
of the spirit of party are sufficient to make it the in-
terest and duty of a wise people to discourage and
restrain it.
"It serves always to distract the public councils
and enfeeble the public administration. 4 It agitates
the community with ill-founded jealousies and false
alarms, kindles the animosity of one party against
another, foments occasionally riot and insurrection.
It opens the door to foreign influence and corruption,
which find a facilitated access to the Government
itself through the channels of party passions. Thus
the policy and the will ot one country are subjected
to the policy and will of another.
"There is an opinion that parties in free countries
are useful checks upon the administration of the
Government and serve to keep alive the spirit of
liberty. This, within certain limits, is probably
true; and in Governments of a monarchical cast
patriotism may look with indulgence, if not with
favor, upon the spiiit of party. But in those of the
popular character, in Governments purely elective,
it is a spirit not to bo encouraged. From their nat-
ural tendency it is certain there will always be
enough of that spirit for every salutary purpose.
And, thereheing constantdanger of excess, the effort
ought to be, by force of public opinion, to mitigate
and assuage it. A fire not to be quenched, it demands
a uniform vigilance to prevent its bursting into a
flame, lest, instead of warming, it should consume.
" It is important, likewise, that the habits of think-
ing in a free country should inspire caution in thoso
intrusted with its administration to confine them-
selves within their respective constitutional spheres,
avoiding in the exercise of the powers of one depart-
ment to encroach upon another. The spirit of en-
croachment tends to consolidate the powers of all tho
departments in one, and thus to create, whatever the
form of Government, a real despotism. A just esti-
mate of that love of power and proneness to abuse it
which predominates in the human heart is sufficient
to satisfy us ot the truth of thi& position. Thcneces-
sity of reciprocal checks in the exercise of political
power, by dividing and distributing it into different
depositories and constituting each tho guardian of
the public weal against, invasions by tho others, has
been evinced by experiments ancient and modern;
some of them in our own country and under our own
eyes. To preserve them must be a& necessary as to
institute them. If, in the opinion of the people, the
distribution or modification of the constitutional
powers be in any particular wrong, letitbo corrected
by an amendment in the way which the Constitution
designates, But let there bo no changc by usurpa-
tion ; for though this, in one instance, may be the in-
strument of good, it is the customary weapon by which
free governments aro destroyed. The precedent
must always greatly overbalance, in permanent evil,
any partial or transient benefit which the use can at
any time yield."
These, sir, are the wisest counsels from the
purest patriot of the world's history. But
why Washington speak? The very spirit of
party which he deplores renders its votaries
deaf to every appeal.
But to resume, sir. What are the relations
of the President of the United States to the
executive powers of the Government, and
especially, sir, what are his relations to the
members of his Cabinet? The Constitution
itself clearly defines these relations and ren-
ders him directly responsible for the manner
in which the executive power of the Govern-
ment is exercised. In the language of the
Constitution, "the executive power shall bo
vested in a President of the United States of
America." " Before he enters on the execution
of his office he shall take the following oath
or affirmation : I do solemnly swear (or affirm)
that I will faithfully execute the office of Presi-
dent of the United States, and will, to the best
of my ability, preserve, protect, and defend
the Constitution of the United Stalesand
" he shall take eare that the laws be faithfully
executed." And again, " he shall nominate,
and by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate shall appoint embassadors and other
public ministers and consuls, judges of the
Supreme Court, and all other officers of the
United States whose appointments are not
herein otherwise provided for." Is it possible,
after these eighty years of experience, that
any gentleman can believe that the President
of the United States can well execute the
duties of his high office and properly " take
care that the laws be faithfully executed'' with-
out any control of the chief agencies—the
heads of Departments—by which the executive
power is to be exercised ?
Can the country justly hold the Chief Ex-
ecutive responsible and yet render him power-
less by filling the high offices of his Depart-
ment with persons hostile to the success of his
Administration? During these eighty years
of our history, through all these Administra-
tions has it ever been dreamed, sir, that the
President of the United States could properly
exercise his high functions and successfully
administer the Government without a Cabinet
in harmony with himself? No matter what
party has been in power, Democrat or Federal-
ist, Whig or Republican, and no matter whether
the Congress and the Executive were in har-
mony or not, the common interests of the
country has secured to the President a body
of friendly counselors, who as heads of De-_
partments have given unity and efficiency to the
Administration. The public good demanded
it, and hitherto party spirit has never been
so intense or vindictive as to seek partisan
advantages at the expense of the interests of
the country. The framers of the Constitution
could not have intended, while imposing such
high responsibilities on the President, that the
very duties imposed upon him might be defeated
by the unfriendly officers executingliigh official
trusts. Mr. Madison, therefore, claimed the
power of removal of an executive officer. The
appointing power is in the President, with the
right of the Senate to reject or confirm, but
if the Senate refuses to confirm the nomina-
tion the powers of the office have been uni-
formly performed by some other officer of the
Government.
The first section of the tenure-of-office law,
which was passed on the 2d day of March,
18G7, and manifestly intended to embarrass the
administration of Mr. Johnson, is as follows:
"Srcj. 1. Every person holding any official office to
which he has been appointed by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, and every person who
shall hereafter be appointed to such office, and shall
become duly qualified to act therein, is and shall be
entitled to hold such office until a successor shall
have been in like manner appointed and duly quali-
fied, except as herein otherwise provided: Provided.
That the Secretaries of State, of tbe Treasury, of
War, of the Navy, and of tho Interior, the Postmas-
ter General, and the Attorney General, shall hoid
their offices respectively tor and during the term of
the President by whom they may have been appointed
and (or one month thereatter, subject to removal by
and with tho advice and consent of the Senate."
Edwin M. Stanton was appointed Secretary
of War and the appointment confirmed by the
Senate during the first term of Mr. Lincoln.
He was never reappointed either by Mr. Lin-
coln or by Mr. Johnson. If the tenure-of-office
law had been enforced when Mr. Lincoln's first
term expired it is manifest that the term of
Mr. Stanton as Secretary of War would have
expired one month after Mr. Lincoln's second
term commenced, and would have expired one
month after Mr. Lincoln ceased to be Presi-
dent.
1 his whole question, as I have already re-
marked, is therefore a question of construction.
The proviso of the first section of this tenure-
of-office law certainly involves the very point
here in dispute ; the very question involved in
this attempt at impeachment. I again call
attention to this proviso :
"Provided. That the Secretaries of State, of tho
Treasury, of War, of the Jlavy, and of the Interior,
'lc,? ?sf??a?tc-r General, and the Attorney General
shall hold their ofiices respectively for and during
the term ot the President by whom thev mav have
been appointed and for one month thereafter, subject
to removal by and with the advice and consent of
the benate.
Here, then, is an express limitation. The
Secretary ol "\\ ar held his office during the term
of the President by whom he was appointed,
subject to be removed at an earlier period by
the advice and consent of the Senate. If, then
Mr. Johnson had appointed Mr. Stanton Secre-
tary of u ar he would have held during that term
and for one month thereafter. He was entitled
to hold during the term of the President who
appointed him.
"During the term of the President by whom
they may have been appointed," is the lan-
guage of the act. Nothing is clearer than that
