2378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Ma ffi
insurance, and is in every way on a par with
her.
Why, Mr. Speaker, the policy I propose costs
the-Government nothing; it costs the manu-
facturing interests nothing. If this policy is
not adopted we cannot build vessels, and con-
sequently manufacturers cannot sell their arti-
cles to us. If you adopt this idea—which is
the idea that prevails in other countries—then
we can build vessels, then you can establish
branches of trade, and in this way indirectly
we shall assist manufacturers.
But, sir, further, in Canada, the very first
thing done when the Parliament of the New
Dominion came together—governing justabout
the same number of inhabitants that this Con-
gress governed in 1790—the very first thing it
did was to enter upon a career of protection to
ship-building. It provided that every article
entering into the construction of vessels, and
every article used on board a vessel, should be
free of duty. Under that law, in two decades,
if not in one, that little Government of three
million people will outstrip this great Govern-
ment of forty millions upon the high seas if
we continue acting under our present laws.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. Will the gentleman from
Maine allow me to make an inquiry?
Mr. PIKE. Yes,'sir.
Mr. ELDRIDGB. I understand liim to be
talking very much like a Western man this
morning.
Mr. PIKE. I do not want any comments
upon my speech now.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to make an inquiry
of the gentleman.
Mr. PIKE. Very well.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If free trade is good for
the people of New England, who are engaged
in building ships, why is it not good for the
laboring masses of the West in procuring the
necessaries of life, those articles upon which
they live, with which they clothe tncmselves,
&e. ?
Mr. PIKE. I do not propose to go into a
discussion of the tariff now ■ I have not the
time for it. When he asks for a drawback on
western productions shipped abroad I shall
assist him.
Let me resume my argument. The remedy
for the state of things I have described will
not be found in purchasing vessels. This country
cannot stand, any more than any other com-
mercial country, the free importation of ves-
sels, and for the reason that your merchants do
not own your ships. The men who build the
ships, who create them, are they who own
them. If you import ships free of duty you
can import them only through the means of
capitalists. If you create them it will be by
the labor of your own citizens. My district is
by no means wealthy, but it has been for a long
time the largest ship-owning district in the
country, because it is a ship-building district.
Now, we are no exception, in this respect,
to the whole line of history. Commercial
powers have arisen and fallen ever since the
Phoenicians were the leading comn>ercial Power
of the globe, and every nation that could build
ships better than' other nations has, in its turn,
been the leading commercial Power of the
world. We know that the Phoenicians built
their own ships, getting their wood from Mount
Libanum, and it was because they could build
them that they bo kmg maintained their com-
mercial supremacy. Venice, on the shores pf
Italy, built her own ships. Carthage did the
same; Portugal and Spain took up the sceptgr
in their turn; then the Dutchman came in,
building vessels cheaper than any other country, j
and created a mercantile navy that, in the day !
their proud Admiral Van Tromp, expressed \
its strength by the emblem of a broom at the
mast-head, to sweep from the sea all oppo-
sition.
We know that that supremacy was trans-
ferred from the Dutch to the English, and
there, with varying fortunes, it remains until
this day, so far predominating that no nation
in the world approximates to them. And
although for a time there was a formidable
rival here upon the American continent, yet
now, in the very meridian of our strength, we
give np the contest. After ninety years, and
with a population of forty millions, we have
culminated and grown old as to this branch of
power, and no longer contest for the supremacy
of the sea.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a single question?
Mr. PIKE. Very well.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to inquire whether
history does not prove that every nation, from
Phoenicia down through the Hanseatic League
to England, has not arisen by means of com-
mercial supremacy and'dependenceupon trade,
but rather from the development of agriculture
and the material resources of the country, and
its decline has dated from the establishment
of its commercial ascendancy?
Mr. PIKE. Nations rise and fall, and there
have been various reasons for it. I would
commend the gentleman to the work of that
learned historian, Gibbon, who has set forth at
some length the reason for the decline and fall
of the lloman empire. [Laughter.]
My argument was this : that in the meridian
of our power, while with a strong arm we were
striking out to the right and the left, while wo
were leading the nations of the world in agri-
culture and manufactures, and all the processes
of civil life—ay, in military life, if we were
called upon to try it—at this time we have
begun to grow old, are willing to surrender all
effort to obtain the control of the seas, and are
willing to rest simply upon our national boast
that when the time comes we can extemporize
a Navy and build up a commerce.
I have shown by these tables that, the British
Government, through the subtle effect of wise
laws, has been stealingaway from us our wealth
upon the seas.
Why, sir, I have here in my hand a letter
sent to me by a sea captain in my district.
He says:
"I have just received a letter from my IiOndcm cor-
respondent, dated Dcuembcr 30. Iltf writoHmc: ' Tho
I-H'oSpeot looks fail- for British -ship-owners. As long
as your absurd navigation laws last we are not likely
to havo mueti competition from your Hag.' "
That is the comment of a London ship-
owner. I might go still further, and exhibit,
in detail, the reasons I have but indicated
generally. As to the matter of the tariff, I say
there is no conflict between the tariff on the
one side and commerce on the other if we will
but act reasonably. With a wise administra-
tion of our laws we may cultivate our domes-
tic interests, and our manufactures and com-
merce may go along hand in hand, pari passu-,
for commerce is the haudmaid of manufac-
tures and agriculture.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BLAINE. I hope that.by unanimous
consent my colleague [Mr. Pike] will be
allowed to conclude his remarks.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the gentleman will proceed.
There was no objection.
Mr. PIKE. I thank the House for its courtesy,
and shall say but a word more.
I was remarking, Mr. Speaker, that com-
merce is the handmaid of manufactures and
agriculture. France is and has been for a
series of years a great manufacturing eoun-
try..j The exports and imports of France are
nearly $1,500,000,000. we annually send to
that country large sums for the very excellent
manufactures which we cannot as yet pro-
duce h.ere. But France is not a commercial
country. She never has been and she never
will be, because she oannot build ships to com-
pete with England or with us. W« are come
to be a great manufacturing country because
our laws protect manufactures. We are a
great agricultural country by force of our posi-
tion, our climate, the fertility of our land.
Thus we supply the material for the largest
commerce that ever existed in the world.
There is no need of sacrificing one dollar of
the interests of either manufactures or agricul-
ture, because without the great productions of
manufactures and agriculture we have no busi-
ness for ships. With_ them, if you will but-
allow us, we will furnish the vessels, we will
create the commerce upon the seas, we will
make the ship-yards upon the coast that shall
year by year enlarge themselves so that you
may rest upon them securely in time of war, for
then they can extemporize such a navy as shall
be sufficient not only to protect your domestic
interests but to bear your flag aloft in triumph
in any foreign encounter. But unless you do
all this our commerce will continue to decline
until it fades into utter insignificance.
Mr. MYERS. Mr. Speaker, as the gentle-
man's time has been extended, I trust he will
now yield to me for a few moments.
Mr. PIKE. I will.
Mr. MYERS. I do not care to discuss with
the gentleman any of the propositions he has
set forth. I have been listening for a long time
to hear the gentleman speak upon the subject
under discussion. Thus far, I presume the
House has not been sjsle to agree or to disa-
gree with the gentlenfah. He has stated most
elaborately and most handsomely a number of
very good propositions; but I have not been
altogether-successful in my effort to see what
he has been endeavoring to get at. There is,
however, one remark of the gentleman which
I wish to notice. In expounding one of his
propositions he took occasion to say that this
Congress had relieved the manufacturing in-
terests—" the rich manufacturers of the coun-
try." I merely desire to say that I am here
as a representative of the people, not of any
special class of the community. 1 am in favor
of imposing taxes where taxes should be im-
posed, and in favor of relieving taxes where
reliefshould be given, no matter whatbranchof
industry or what section of the country may be
affected. We have relieved manufacturers from
taxation ; but doing this, we can yet be in favor,
of the commercial interests of the country.
In my own city there is, I know, much regret
on account of the decline of commerce there ;
but while seeking to promote commerce we
are not to refrain from giving relief in other
directions.
My chief objection was to the manner in
which the gentleman from Maine stated his
proposition. Let me say to him that since the
passage of the act taking off what is commonly
known as ''the five per cent, tax'1 a single
manufacturing firm in my district had added
two hundred to the men employed by it. bo
it will be with manufacturing establishments
all over the country. I think it should not be
assumed that our mitids are so narrow, our
capacities so limited, that we cannot legislate
on all subjects coming before us. Thus far I
have voted with the gentleman from Maine,
and if he ever comes to a point I may vote with
him again; and this much, sir, I have desired
to say injustice to myself.
When 1 said that the gentleman was afraid
to allow me to interrupt him I meant simply
what the words imported, that is, that lie
seemed to be afraid of discussion. I am sure,
from the gentleman's general good natmeand
from his pronounced ability, that he is not
afraid of discussion, and 1 am glad that at last
he has given me a moment of time to a^-ain
say that I do not like the kind of assertion
that he has made in his argument. Ilit ^pc-ch
would have been"?! good one without ii. and
for one I was not willing to sit still and have
it go to the country that, our action was to
relieve the rich at the expense of the poor,
rlis case may be a good one. and I may vote
tor it, but I take exception to his assertion in
lespect to our action, the accuracy of which 1
utterly deny.
Mr. PIKE. I wish to say only one word in
reply, in the neat of the moment I made a
reply to the gentleman which 1 hope will not,
go into the Globe. I have had the most kuidlv
relations with the gentleman from Pcimsvi-
vama, and I do not wish them broken. I
apologize for the remark and beg pardon of
whJ S® Vlg used an* expression
which was not staetly proper.
