3402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
the convention of distillers was twenty-five
cents per gallon.
Mr. FAHNS WORTH. They were first sat-
isfied with a tax ot' fifty cents per gallon. I
remember a conversation I had with some
members of that convention ; and while they
advocated reducing the tax to twenty-five cents
per gallon, yet they told me^that tliey could
stand fifty cents per gallon; and that at fifty
cents per gallon they thought the fraudulent
distiller in New York, Philadelphia, or else-
where could not compete with them. They
said that when they created their distilleries
beside the corn-cribs, where the corn is cheap,
the man in New York could not import the
corn and distill the whisky, cheat the Govern-
ment out of the tax, and make money by it.
I would then reduce the tax to fifty cents
per gallon, and make clean, square work of it,
and then put a tax of a dollar for every two
gallons, or twenty dollars per barrel, and
then 1 would increase the tax on sales to five per
cent. That 1 think would be easily collected,
and it seems to me we could realize the
whole tax, or very nearly the whole of it, at
those rates of taxation, which would realize a
very good revenue to the country. 1 have thus
given my views upon this subject very briefly.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. MILLER. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. PILE. X renew the amendment to the
amendment. If the city I represent, and the
millions of grain growers who contribute to
the trade and commerce of that city were not
so vitally interested in this question of the tax
on whisky and the production of whisky in this
country, I should not presume to say a single
word on this subject. From the discussion
this morning I think it is apparent that three
results are intended to be reached by every
member who has participated therein. The
first object sought is that the. corrupt combina-
tion which now controls the manufacture of
and trade in whisky shall be thoroughly and
effectually broken up. The second is that we
shall prevent the continued distillation of mo-
lasses, and restore the production of this arti-
cle to the grain of the West, and that its man-
ufacture shall be carried on ill localities where
nature and the production of the grain has
furnished the greatest facilities. These two
objects being accomplished, we then desire
that there should be collected from distilled
spirits the largest amount of revenue that can
possibly be secured. To attain this object,
while at the same time effectually breaking up
these corrupt combinations and restoring the
production of this article to the distillation of
grain and to localities from which it has been
transferred by the frauds that have prevailed
for the last three years, we should, I think,
make the tax not more than forty cents.
The highest rate now named is, I believe,
sixty cents, the lowest twenty, and I ask the
attention of the committee to this single con-
sideration: that it is of far more importance
that these corrupt combinations bo broken up,
and the production of this article restored to
the distillation of grain and to the localities
where the grain is produced, than to secure to
the Government the dilference in revenue
between thirty cents and fifty cents or forty
cents and sixty cents; and if there is a differ-
ence of opinion among those who have given
careful consideration to the subject as to
whether a tax of forty or sixty cents will most
effectually secure these objects, then it seems
to me wiser that we should fix the lower figure
than that we should incur any risk of the con-
tinuation of these corrupt combinations. If
we fix the specific tax at forty cents, and then
increase the tax, as I am in favor of increasing
it, upon the fermenting capacity of the still
from four to ten dollars per barrel, it will make
the aggregate tax sixty to sixty-two and a half
cents ; five to eight cents lower than the amount
to which the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means thinks it could be raised, and
yet prevent the distillation of whisky from
molasses and imported articles. We had better
fix the rate six, eight, ten, or even fifteen cents
below this figure than incur the slightest risk
of the continuation of the distillation bf spirits
in small distilleiies, hidden away in garrets
and cellars. If we reduce the tax to forty cents,
twenty cents below the figure fixed by the com-
. mittee, the loss of revenue to the Government
will not be important as compared with the
risk of continuing for ten or twelve months
longer the corrupt combinations that now con-
trol the manufacture of this ar.icle, defrauding
the Government, corrupting the morals of the
people, and preventing the collection of the
revenue. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. IIIGBY. I renew the amendment. I rise
rather for the purpose of seeking information
than to attempt to impart it. In the course of
the debate this morning the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. G.utFlBi dJ made the statement that,
in addition to the tax of sixty cents a gallon,
theie is provided in the bill a tax of sixteen
and a half cents not provided for in the present
law. I ask the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means whether that is the fact?
Mr. SCIIENCK. I think that is substan-
tially the case. Under the piesent law there is
no other tax than the two dollars per gallon
except the tax on the sales, which, being only
one tenth of one percent, on the amount above
$25,000, amounts to next to nothing, and a
small special tax of $200 upon distillers.
Mr. IIIGBY. Then this bill provides virtu-
ally for a taxation of seventy-six and a half
cents as against two dollars under the present
law. Mr. Chairman, from the earliest moment
of the imposition of the tax upon this article
of whisky, I believe in the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress, 1 have been in favor of the sum of fifty
cents, together with the member from Ohio
and many other members of the House at that
time. And I will say to the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] who quoted from the
proceedings of a certain gathering m favor of
the reduction of the tax to fifty cents per gal-
lon, that that was not an original idea with
that body of men, for there has been a certain
number of the members of the Thirty-Eighth
and Thirty-Ninth Congresses who have always
been of the opinion that the tax upon whisky
should not be more that fifty cents. If that
body of men were dishonest men and trying
to defraud the Government it seems to me
it would be their object to get the tax up to
the highest figure, when they would have the
opportunity to make more money than to have
it reduced to the lowest figure.
I was about to say, Mr. Chairman, I had
intended to sustain the committee in fixing the
tax at sixty cents per gallon, although my own
idea is that fifty cents is as high as the tax ought
to be. If there is to be added sixteen and a
half cents to the sixty cents, making seventy-
six and a half cents per gallon as an offset
against two dollars a gallon, it seems to me we
ought to come to the direct tax of fifty cents a
gallon upon distilled spirits. That, in my judg-
ment, is what the tax ought to be.
In reply to what has been said, that it will be
impossible to collect this tax, I will say we
ought certainly to make the experiment of the
machinery contained in the present bill. If it
is not strong enough let us make the machinery
stronger, and let us see whether we can collect
this amount of fifty cents. If we find it is not
strongenough, then when Congress meets again
next December we can make it stronger and
see whether we cannot defeat those who are
defrauding the Government.
It seems to me that we ought never to make
a great difference between the cost of the arti-
cle manufactured and the tax imposed upon it.
If the tax be many times more than the cost •
of the article it wih leave room for fraud, and
there is no more ingenious people than the
American people in this and' in all other re-
spects.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. HIGBY. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Chairman, I understand
the question before the committee, if the
amendment to the amendment were withdrawn,
would be the amendment of the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Va.v Wyck] to the tax
fixed by the Committee of Ways and Means.
I wish to know whether I am right in that
statement?
The CHAIRMAN. That is so. If there ^e
no amendment, to the amendment pendifig
then the question will be oti the amendment
of the gentleman from New York.
Mr'. PAINE. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia has withdrawn the amendment to the
amendment, and I now propose an amendment
to the amendment on which I shall ask for a
vote of the House. I propose to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from New York
by fixing the tax at thirty-five cents per gallon.
The chairman of the committee informs us that
in addition to sixty cents per gallon there are
other taxes imposed by the bill which, if the per
gallon tax is fixed at sixty cents, amount in the
aggregate to sixteen and a quarter cents per
gallon, raising the tax to seventy-six and a
quarter cents per gallon. If we put the tax
at thirty-five centstiieu there will be added ten
cents of the tax of four dollars on the barrel
of forty gallons, three cents of tax in the shape
of the three per cent, tax on sales r.t wholesale,
one cent retail charges, and one cent and one
quarter of tax of five dollars on capacity per
day of mash, in all fifteen and a quarter to be
added to thirty-five cents, making fifty and a
quarter cents. I have made up my mind that
fifty cents would be a fair tax. My amend-
ment will make it almost exactly fifty cents.
I should be willing to vote for a higher tax, but
I should be unwilling to vote for a lower tax
than thirty five cents in addition to the fifteen
and a quarter cents proposed by the bill. I
shall ask for a vote on my amendment of thirty-
five cents which, with the fifteen and a quarter
cents, will make the aggregate tax fifty and a
quarter cents.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I wish to renew the
amendment to reduce the tax to twenty-five
cents. I am opposed to the other amendment.
I am from a district which pays more tax than
any in the United States, with the exception
of one or two, and yet there is not a distillery
in the district. I am satisfied from what I
have heard on this floor this morning that the
object of members of the committee is to get
as much money out of the whisky tax as they
can. Now, if the Committee of Ways and
Means had taken the course which I think they
ought to have taken last November, and started
this machinery then, we would have now
been some thirteen or fourteen million dollars
better off than we are. I am willing to shoul-
der a portion of the blame myself. But 1 sent
bvo or three resolutions to the committee some
time ago, one of them proposing to farm out
the manufacture of whisky in this country. In
that way I believe we could realize sixty mil-
lion dollars per annum from the manufacture
of distilled spirits.
Mr. STEVENS, of New Hampshire. Does
the gentleman know of any civilized Govern-
ment that ever farmed out the manufacture of
spirits ?
Mr. EGGLESTON. I know of no civilized
or uncivilized country that does not collect the
tax on spirits better than we are doing now.
There is no country on earth that would let its
revenue system be run as ours has been ran
in reference to the collection of this tax.
Frauds have been committed all over the
United States, under the eyes of the revenue
department and of members of Congress. Ile-
monstranees have been made against it, but it
has gone on until the countiy has become
demoralized in consequence of the failure to
collect the tax.
Now, sir, if the committee will cut off the
manufacture on whisky entirely, we would
realize more money in the next six months
than we have for the last six months. I sup-
pose my friend from New Hampshire would
say that no civilized country would do that.
But, sir, if you cut off the manufacture for six
months you would get the tax of two dollars a
