44g6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
It requires the Clerk to deliver to members
either in stationery or in commutation what
they are entitled to. If in stationery, upon
their written orders, of course. The object
of that is to simplify the transaction, and to
bring the whole matter on the Clerk's books,
where the whole expenditure can be ascer-
tained, and it will prevent the waste in the
post office.
The resolution also requires a report of the
amount of stationery furnished to ail parties,
whereas under the present system the amount
handed over to the Postmaster for the use
of members is simply given in the Clerk's
books, and the Postmaster until recently was
not required to account to anybody. By a
recent law he is required to account, and if
that law is continued, and this change is not
made, it will be impossible for the Postmaster
to avoid very considerable personal loss. 1
will say that this change is made, not exactly
at the instance of the Clerk and Postmaster,
who are the parties interested, but with their
entire concurrence. The committee think it
will be a decided improvement, simplifying
things very much.
The third resolution is entirely new. Here-
tofore there has been no limit to the amount
of stationery given to the chairmen of commit-
tees for the use of the committees. There has
been considerable inequality in the amount
given to the different committees, and it has
seemed for some time to the Committee on
Accounts that it required regulation.
Mr. IIAN D ALL. Have you the tigures show-
ing the inequality ?
Mr. BROOMALL. Not in the report. They
can be had.
Mr. RAbfDALL. Will not you give them?
Mr. BROOMALL. Notnow. Ithasseemed
to us that a change in this respect has been
required for a considerable length of time.
There is difficulty in fixing upon an absolute
limit for a committee, and that is the reason
why the plan embraced in the third resolu-
tion was resolved.on. The difficulty is this: at
some sessions of Congress certain committees
icquire none, and at others they require a very
large amount, and hence it would be impossi-
ble to regulate it except by fixing a maximum
amount, which would probably be pretty cer-
tain to be run up to, and thus the Government
would probably be as greata. loser as now. The
plan resolved upon by the committee was the
best that occurred to them, and it is this: that
at every session of Congress the Committee on
Accounts shall ascertain the amount of station-
ery needed by each of the committees, and that
their report on the matter shall be approved
by the Speaker, and the Clerk shall then fur-
nish the amount so found to be necessary.
This may not be the best system possible, but
it is the best the committee could think of.
I am now ready to answer any questions that
may be put to me. I do not desire to occupy
much time, and shall move the previous ques-
tion 'after answering inquiries.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 understood that there,
was a minority report from the Committee on
Accounts.
The SPEAKER. The minority of the com-
mittee does not appear to be present.
Mr. RANDALL. It was the understanding
that the matter would not be brought up until
to-morrow morning.
Mr. BROOMALL. Oh, no ; I have no kind
of objection to a minority report, not the least;
but there was no such understanding as that to
which my colleague refers, because!have been
trying these three hours to get this report in,
and the minority knew it.
Mr. RANDALL. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Maryland, [Mr. McCullocgh,]
■ftho is on the Committee on Accounts, is now
preparing a minority report, in which he pro-
poses to recite the facts, which will show that
there has been a most loose expenditure of this
money.
Mr. BFiOOMALL. I yielded merely for a
question, and not for an argument. I now
resume the floor, and. as I promised the gen-
tleman from Maryland [Mr. McCullotjgh] I
would do, I ask that he be allowed to present
a minority report before the session closes.
Mr. RANDALL. To be printed with the
majority report.
No objection was made, and leave was
grauted accordingly.
Mr. N1BLACK. Will the gentleman yield
to nie for three or five minutes?
Mr. BROOMALL. I will yield to the gen-
tleman for three minutes*
Sir. NIBLACK. As my name has been men-
tioned in this report, it is perhaps proper that, I
should make a very brief statement as to mv
connection with this matter. Major Mauker,
whom I never personally knew until two or
three weeks ago, although 1 knew there was a
person of that name in offiee here from my
State—Major Man leer came to me with a copy
of the book mentioned in this report. He
stated to me tlio circumstances under which
he had prepared it, and his reasons for publish-
ing it. He said ho thought the matters em-
braced in it ought to be published, and desired
some assistance, lie said that my colleague,
[Mr. Hoi.man,] who was then absent from the
city, had referred him to me in case he [Mr.
HolmanJ had to leave the city. It seems that
Mr. llowiAX, at bts request, had procured
some information from the Treasury Depart-
ment; that was his only connection with the
matter.
As I had no time to read the hook myself,
and not feeling specially interested in the
matter, I declined to give it any attention,
alleging want of time, and feeling, perhaps, a
want of inclination. 1 referred him to the
Democratic executive committee here, who
have charge of the distribution of documents.
The book was referred to some members of the
committee, resident in the District not mem-
bers of Congress, and I am informed that after
examining it they came to the conclusion that
it embraced many matters that should come
before the public. They agreed to give him
some assistance in the publication of the book;
what that assistance was I do not know. The
book will bo published I am advised, and will
be for sale at the bookstores and wherever else
such books might be looked for. I have bad
no further connection with the matter.
Mr. SHANKS. I would ask my colleague
[Mr. Niblack] where he obtained the inform-
ation he now gives to the House as to the pur-
chase of this book from Mr. Hanker?
Mr. NIBLACK. The information I have,
which is but partial, I derived from Mr. Jo-
nah D. Hoover, of this city. I never asked for
all the facts, nor do I know what they are.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The three minutes allowed
the gentleman have expired.
Mr. NIBLACK. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to make one other remark.
Mr. BROOMALL. Very well.
Mr. NIBLACK. Major Manker has now
left the city, and is not here. Iam therefore
not sufficiently advised in regard to the mat-
ters mentioned in the report to be able to speak
positively m regard to them.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Broomai.l] allow me to ask
him a question ?
Mr. BROOMALL Certainly.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to know of the chair-
man of the Committee on Accounts, [Mr.
Broomall,] inasmuch as charges have been
made through the papers against the Door-
keeper of the House, General Lippincott,
whether or not in the investigations of the
committee they have found anything showing
any improper conduct on his part connected
with his office here?
Mr. BROOMALL. We find nothing in the
conduct of the Doorkeeper to complain of. He
has followed certain precedents which we speak
of as being bad ones. But there is nothing
whatever to complain of in his conduct, and
he was one of the first to suggest some of the
reforms we propose. The samo remarks will
apply to the Clerk, the Sergeant-at-Arms, and
the Postmaster. I promised to yield to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,]
and I do so n®w.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I desire nothing
further iu regard to this matter than to seek a
remedv for an}* abuses which may exist. I have
no charges to make against any person. But
I observe that the contracts for_ supplying us
with stationery are let to a certain firm in this
city. I observe, also, that the same firm has
the contractsfor furnishing stationery to all the
Departments, and this is the firm that furnishes
stationery to'tbo Patent Office, in reference to
which the Committee on Printing reported that
the Patent Office gave eighty dollars per thou-
sand sheets for paper which is purchasable in
New York for thirteen dollars per thousand
sheets. I am hence led to inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Accounts [Mr.
Uroomau,] whether he has pursued his invest-
igation so far as to bo able to answer why it
is that this firm furnishes paper the stamp-
mark upon which is exceedingly familiar to
me, being made within sight of my own house
—paper I can purchase at retail for two dol-
lars or two dollars and a half per ream—why
this firm gets through advertising for bids all
the contracts for furnishing stationery, not only
to this House, but to all the Departments, and
why wc are somehow or other chargedsix or
eight dollars per ream for this same kind of
paper to which I have just referred ?
Mr. BROOMALL. Mr. Speaker, I can only
answer the gentleman's question by saying that
I have already answered a part of it, as to the
cause of the increased cost of paper to us. It
results from the printed headings.
Mr. DAWES. Oh, no; it does not.
Mr. BROOMALL. I never use any of that
kind, but many gentlemen do.
Mr. DAWES. I do not refer to that paper
at all.
Mr. BROOMALL. Again, the attention of
the committee was not directed to that subject.
The allegations did not embrace it. This is
the first time I have ever heard a suspicion of
unfairness started in regard to the issuing of
these proposals or the making of contracts by
the Clerk. Whether there is any special rea-
son why this firm gets the contracts for all the
Departments other than the fact that they are
the lowest bidders I do not know. If there
is anything wrong in rcl'crcnce to this matter
it should, as a matter of course, be remedied.
All the inquiries touching that matter, and up
to this one, which, as I say, is new to us, led us
to conclude that there was nothing wrong in
the purchase of paper. I do not say, however,
that there has not been any wrong in that
respect; but if there has been, it can be invest-
igated under the resolution under which the
committee is acting, and will be investigated.
Let me say to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts that Irom the beginning of my service
upon this committee it has been its earnest
endeavor—and the Democratic members who
have served on the committee will, I think,
sustain me in this declaration—to find out.
irregularities and correct them wherever it
could be done. I have no idea that there is
anything in the suspicion—for it amounts to
nothing else—thrown out by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, of unfairness on the letting
of these contracts.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman has misun-
derstood me. I do not allude to any irregular!-
ties, ike matters to which I refer SGem to
occur very regularly. [Laughter.] I do not
allude to any printed heads or anything of
that kind. I have been led to make this inquiry
from the fact that 1 know these manufacturers
have endeavored at ditferent times within the
last ten years to put in bids for the supplying
of the stationery to the different Departments
m Uaslmigton, and I know that they have
tailed. 1 know that notwithstanding their
earnest desire to supply the Government with
paper at a fairly remunerative rate they have
not been allowed the opportunity, while the
ixoveranient has been subjected to these exor-
Ditazn charges.
