i86a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not hear
the remark of the gentleman from Maine.
Mr. PIKE. I am glad of it.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not wish to antag-
onize the great shipping and commercial inter-
ests of the country with our great manufactur-
ing interests, and I hope the gentlemen who
particularly represent the manufacturing inter-
ests of the country will not consider me as
wishing to do it. The remark I made was in
relation to rich manufacturers. I am aware
that there are poor manufacturers who also
have been benefited by the abolition of the
tax. 1 voted for the removal of the tax, and
I do not wish to take that vote back or in any
way to bring our great interests into conflict.
I hope that the manufacturing interests, whose
protection has been coeval with the Govern-
ment itself, will now, in the plenitude of their
power and affluence, aid to lighten the load
which presses so heavily upon the shipping
interests.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a moment. I am one who has
identified himself somewhat with the manufac-
turing interests of the country.
Mr. PIKE. I am trespassing upon the time
of the House myself, but I will yield to the
gentleman, if there be no objection.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman from Maine
suggested that he did not desire to antagonize
the great interest he is representing with that
of manufactures. I wish, as one who has iden-
tified himself somewhat with the manufactur-
ing interest, to say that I indorse most heartily
the great idea of his speech, and that I hope
this Congress will not rise until it has repealed
the tax upon the tonnage of the country car-
rying between home ports and adopted some
of the wise provisions given to the English law
by the Yankee boy who, having graduated in
Harvard's first class, is known in history as
Sir George Downing, the author of the navi-
gation act and the wise promoter of the com-
mercial navy of England. There is, and there
can be, no controversy between commerce and
manufacture in a well-governed nation. In
such a country they are, like loving sisters,
handmaiden to each other. That Slate which
creates its commerce by developing its re-
sources and promoting its manufactures may
maintain its commercial rank eternally, if it
endure forever; but the State which, having
achieved commercial;greatness or supremacy,
sacrifices, as England is now doing, its mines
and its manufactures to its carrying trade, must
illustrate history's inevitable law that a nation
lives by the products of its land yielded to the
labor of its people and not by trade alone. In
so far only 1 meant to qualify the gentleman's
remarks, but not otherwise to dissent from
them.
Mr. PILE. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me.
Mr. ROBINSON. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman from Maine is now speaking
with the consent of the House, his time hay-
ing been extended to enable him to finish his
speech. I do not object to his yielding to tl\g
gentleman from Missouri, but I will to his
yielding further. I make the point he cannot
yield.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the same
opinion. The extension was simply given to
the gent] eman from Maine to close his remarks.
Mr. PILE. I only desire to say, with the
permission of the House, that I did not under-
stand the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Pike,]
in saying that he had changed his opinion on
the subject of the tariff, to mean that he was
in favor of free trade, but only that he had
changed his opinion as to the propriety of the
very high prohibitory tariff that was generally
advocated in New England some years ago.
And, in welcoming the gentleman to the west-
ern platform "on the subject of the tariff, I do
not wish to be understood as indorsing the
statement of the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Eldridge] that the West is in favor of
free trade. As I understand the sentiment of
the West, at least that portion that I repre-
sent, they are in favor of reasonable protec-
tion to our manufacturing interestsand a tariff
for revenue, and are not in favor of a "high
prohibitory duty," oppressive to the consumer
and enriching the producer.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. PIKE. I hope that all discussion of
this resolution will be ended now.
Mr. HARDING. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Robinson] having made the point
of order at the conclusion of the remarks of
the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Pile,] the
Chair rules that debate has closed.
Mr. HARDING. I hope that the debate
will not be all ex parte. •
The SPEAKER. Debate is exhausted.
'The pending question is on the amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding.]
The amendment of Mr. Spalding was re-
ported, as follows:
Striko out the concluding words and insert the
words " including in existing treatiesso that the
resolution will read:
That the President be requested to send a sufficient
number of vessels of war to the fishing grounds in
the Gulf of St. Lawrence, adjacent to tho British
Provinces, for the purpose of protecting Araeiican
vessels in tho exercise of their rights as indicated in
existing treaties.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, was or-
dered to be engrossed and read a third time ;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time.
Mr. PIKE. I move the previous question
on the passage.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
tho yeas and nays on the passage.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 'J2, nays 39, not voting
58; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Archcr, Arnell,
James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baldwin, Banks, Beamaii,
Beatty, Beck, Benton, Blaine, Boutwell, Butler, Uary,
Cbanler, Churchill, Siduey Claike, Cobb, Ooburn,
Donnelly, Ehi, Eliot, I'Yrns-, Kerry, Fields, Garfield,
Getz, Malsey, Hi^by, Hill, Jlolraan, Hotchkiss. Ches-
ter I). ilubbard, llulburd, Jenckes, Johnson,Julian,
Kelley, ICelsey, Kerr, Kitchcn, Laflin, William Law-
rence, Lincoln, Loughridge, Malloi-y, Marvin, May-
nurd, McCarthy, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moorhead,
Morreli, Muilins, Mungen, Myers, Niblack, O'Neill,
Paine, Perhatn, Peters, Pike, Pile. Plants, Poland,
Price,Itandall, Robinson, Sawyer, Sitgreaves, Smith,
Spalding, Aaron F. Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Taber,
Taylor, Thomas, John Trimble, Trowbridge, Twich-
ell, Upson, Van Aei nam, Burt Van Horn, Va,n Wyek,
Ward, Henry D. Washburn, Woodbridge, and Wood-
wa rd—92.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Baker, Benjamin, Blair,
Buckland, Header W.Clarke, Cullom, Driggs, Eckley,
Eggleston, Eldridge,Fnrnswortb, Golladay, Gravely,
Grovor, Harding,Hopkins,Humphrey,Hunter,Judd,
Knott, George V. Lawrence. Loan, Ma,rshall, Me-
Cormick, Morgan, Newcomb, Nunn, Orth, Ross, Seo-
field, Shanks, Van Trump, Cadwaladcr C, Washburn,
Klihn B, Washburne, Welker, William William.-',
James F. Wilson, and Windom—39.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Delos R. Ashley,
Ax tell, Barnes, Barn uin, Bingham, Boyer, Biomwell,
Brooks, Broom all. Burr, Cake, Cook, Cornell, Oovode,
Dawes, Dixon, Dodge, Finney, Fox, Glossbrenner,
Griswold, Ifaight, Hawkins, Hooper, Asahel W.
Ilubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Ingersoll, Jones,
Ketcham, Koontz, Logan, Lynch, McClurg, McCul-
lough, Morrissey, Nicholson, Phelps, Poisley, Pom-
eroy, Pruyn, Raum, Robeitson, Schenek, Selye, Shel-
lnbarger, Starkweather, Thaddeus Stevens, Stone,
Taffe, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Auken, Robert T.
Van Horn, William B. Washburn. Thomas Wil-
liams, John T. Wilson, Stephen JF. Wilson, and
Wood—58.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. PIKE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
, kxccsk from service on a committee.
H*' Mr. GRISWOLD. Mr. Speaker, I desire
to be relieved from service on the special com-
mittee of investigation of charges against the
gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr. Donnelly.]
My duties on the Committee of Ways and
Means render it utterly impossible to devote
any time to any other committee. The Com ■
mittee of Ways and Means are in session dar-
ing the entire day.
.. No objection being made, the gentleman
was accordingly excused from service.
impeachment of tub president.
Mr. ROBINSON. I rise to offer a resolu-
tion which I believe the Chair will rule to be
in order at this time.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order unless
it is a question of privilege.
Mr. ROBINSON. I present it as a ques-
tion of privilege connected with the impeach-
ment.
The SPEAKER. Then the resolution will
be read.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows :
Resolved, That the resolution adopted by this House
on the 24th day of February, 1868, in the following
words, to wit;
"Resolved, That Andrew Johnson, President of
the United States, bo impeached of high crimes and
misdemeanors in office"—
Be and the same hereby is ordered tube expunged
from the Journals of the House, because the passage
of said resolution was strictly a party measure, of
evil example, and was adopted at a time and under
circumstances to endanger the political rights and to
injure the pecuniary interests of the people of the
United States, and that the Secretary of the House,
at such time as the House may appoint, shall bring
the m.musci ipt Journal of the session of 1807-68 into
the House, and in the presence of tho House, draw
black lines round the said resolution and write
across the face thereot, in strong letters, the follow-
ing words, "Expunged by order of the House this 
day of , in the year of our Lord 186—."
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions, with a
fac simile of said impeachment resolution so ex-
punged thereon, be engrossed and framed, and a copy
thereof presented to Andrew Johnson, and to each
of his living lineal descendants, and also one copy to
each public library or reading loom in the United
States.
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. This is not, in the opin-
ion of the Chair, a question of privilege. In
the first place, it directs " the Secretary of the
House," and there is no such officer. Rut it
is not a question of privilege even if it were
correctly drafted. The Journal of each day is
read and approved, or else by unauimous con-
sent it is received, which is the same as if it
had been approved. This resolution proposes
to amend the Journal. It is not a privileged
question, for the privilege to amend the Journal
ceases with the expiration of the day after the
Journal is made up. It can be done by sus-
pending the rules.
Mr. ROBINSON. Allow me to suggest that
I meant the " Clerk " instead of the '• Secre-
tary. ''
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that even
if the resolution were correctly drafted it would
not be a question of privilege. It is a resolu-
tion which the House might adopt if it saw fit
to do so when regularly in order.
Mr. ROBINSON. I shall bring it up again,
and it will be adopted either by this House or
in the next Congress. It is a mere matter of
time.
public lands.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is tho consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
370) to prevent the further sale of the public
lands of the United States except as provided
for in the preemption and homestead laws, and
the laws for disposing of town sites arid mineral
lands, upon whieli the gentleman from Michi-
gan [Mr. Driggs] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DRIGGS. I yield for a few moments
to gentlemen who desire to introduce bills and
resolutions.
Mr. RANDALL. Can the gentleman yield
for any business except what is in order?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can yield,
but unanimous consent has to be asked.
Mr. DRIGGS. I cannot yield for anything
that gives rise to debate.
irrigation*, etc., 01' public lands.
Mr. DODGE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That tlie Commissioner of the General
Land Office bo directed to furnish this House with
copies of the correspondence lie has opened with a
