1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I want to inquire of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania—for I know he
is faithful and honest in this matter—whether,
instead of authorizing the clerk to advertise for
bids, as is now done, it would not be better to
authorize him to go where the paper is made
and purchase it there, as the gentleman and I
would purchase paper?
Mr. BROOMALL. That might probably be
an advantage; and the propositions of the
committee, as I have already said, lead in that
direction. If further reform is necessary it
will be an easy matter to accomplish it at some
future time. It is now too late in the session
to perfect at this time any reform m that
respect. If the constituents of thegentleman,
however, will make a proposal when nest the
opportunity is offered, and if they bid at a
lower rate than the successful competitor, and
the matter is brought to the attention of the
House, it will, if referred to our committee,
be rigidly inquired into.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, when I
first came to Congress, ten j'ears ago, I was
appointed chairman of a committee whose
duty it was to investigate the accounts of the
outgoing Clerk, primarily his stationery ac-
counts. We investigated the subject at very
great length, summoning before us every sub-
ordinate who could give any information upon
the question. At that time it was the prac-
tice, as it is at present, to advertise for pro-
posals for the specific articles required. The
proposals were sent in with samples, and ex-
hibited in one of the rooms here. The pres-
ent Journal Clerk and the then reading Clerk
were appointed to examine the proposals and
samples and to select articles on the best terms.
3t seemed to be, so far as we could judge,
entirely fair; and yet the fact appears as the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
has already stated. The source I was then
unable to detect, and lam unable to do so now;
but I am satisfied if the plan suggested by the
gentleman from Massachusetts was adopted,
of authorizing the Clerk to go out and make
contracts according as he might choose, unless
you had a Clerk more exempt from the weak-
ness of human nature than many of our pub-
l*o functionaries have been in times past, he
would never be able to dibcover that cheap and
excellent paper which the gentleman was able
to find when in his own town. If the present
plan is properly carried out it affords as little
opportunity for fraud as any other I can think
of. Yet it happens in the different changes
of administration that a particular firm gets
the large proportion of the contracts. How it
is done the gentleman, who is an older and
more sagacious man than I am, will perhaps
be able to tell.
Mr. BROOMALL. Ifthe power to continue
the investigation be assented to by the House
that will be inquired into by the committee.
I will yield now for two minutes to the gentle-
man from New Hampshire.
Mr. ELA. Mr. Speaker, I wish to correct
the statement made by the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes J in regard to the
firm that supplies the House with stationery
being the firm alluded to the other day in the
report from the Printing Committee that sup-
plied the Patent Office with bond paper
There are other gentlemen beside those alluded
to who supply the different Departments with
stationery.
While I am up I will add another word.
Gentlemen complain that contracts are awarded
not at the lowest prices at which the material
can beprocured of manufacturers. If the idea
of the resolution introduced the other day by
the Committee on Printing be adopted it. will
establish a stationery bureau here, not only for
the Departmpnts of the Government, but for
the House and Senate, so that stationery will
be furnished by contracts with first parties.
Now, sir, I hold in my hand a schedule of
different prices for furnishing different articles
to one Department of the Government. While
one party proposed to furnish envelopes at
fifteen dollars a thousand another proposed to
furnish the same envelopes at five cents per
thousand.
A Member. Five oents?
Mr. ELA. Yes, sir; five cents. One party
proposed to furnish the parchment paper used
in that Department for twenty-five cents, a
sheet, which is fair price, while the other pro-
posed to furnish it atone cent. The truth is that
the whole contract system as now managed is
vicious from the beginning to the end. An in-
dividual having an understanding with the De-
partment can so shape his bids as to get any
contracthe chooses. It was so with the In-
terior Department for the present year. While
one party whose bids in the aggregate for
stationery amounted to $4,594, lost the contract
the other party obtained the contract, although
the bids amounted to $'22,624 for the same
articles.
It was so arranged that the bids were less
by footing up the bids for single articles, and
the Department paid no attention to the aggre-
gate price.
[Hero the hammer fell.]
Mr. BROOMALL. I have no belief that
any such iniquity as that spoken of by the gen -
tleman from New Hampshire as existing in
other Departments of the Government exists
in the Clerk's office.
Mr. ROSS. I object to continuing the com-
mittee. They have been long in session and
done no good. They do not intend to expose
anything. They cover it up all the time.
Mr. BROOMALL. We have been investi-
gating only for a short time.
Mr. KERR. I hope the gentleman will
yield to me.
Mr. BliOOMALL. I cannot.
Mr. KERR. He has yielded all around,
and will not now yield to us on this side.
Mr. BROOMALL. How much time does
the gentleman desire?
Mr. KERR. Ten minutes.
Mr. BROOMALL. Mr. Speaker, how much
time have I left?
The SPEAKER. Fourteen minutes.
Mr. BROOMALL. I will yieid three min-
utes to the gentleman.
Mr. KERR. Before I proceed 1 desire to
ask the gentleman whether this committee
have reported all the evidence taken thus far?
Mr. RROOMALL. We have reported all
the evidence taken so far.
Mr. KERR. Have they examined all the
witnesses whose names have been given to
them ?
Mr. BROOMALL. They have examined
all the witnesses brought before them. The
resolution did not authorize_us to compel the
attendance of witnesses. We resorted to that
expedient in one instance before that was
thought of. But no witnesses refused to come.
Any witness named by any member of the
committee, was requested to come before us
and be examined, and as far as I know did so.
Mr. KERR. Were they brought before the
committee and examined as the names were
given by the gentleman whose name I now for-
get—a major somebody ?
Mr. BROOMALL. Those witnesses were
not all examined, because Mr. Spicer admit-
ted the facts which it was alleged they would
prove, that is, that they had paid him so much
money.
Mr.' KERR. Is that true in regard to them
all ?
Mr. BROOMALL. As far as I know.
Mr. KERR. I had the honor to serve during
ihe Thirty-Ninth Congress on the Committee
on Accounts. While I was so engaged I became
familiar with the mode of transacting the busi-
ness of the House, so far as it was conducted be-
fore that committee. It was most unpardonably
loose and reckless. I tried over and over again
to have that mode changed, to have a reform
introduced ; to have safeguards thrown around
the conduct of the business by the committee
and by the officers of the House. I succeeded
on one occasion in getting the House to make
an order that every officer of the House who
should prfes'ent any account to be audited aud
paid shonld attaeh to that account hk oath,
stating that it was regular and proper, or that
the money had been properly expended ac-
cording to the laws and regulations of the
House for the expenditure of its contingent
fund. Thereupon, from some singular cause,
the officers of the House at once ceased to
present their reports to the committee or their
accounts to be audited, until some six weeks
thereafter a motion was made and carried to
repeal that oider. From the time of that
repeal I do not know of a single safeguard that,
has ever been thrown around the action of the
committee by the House. Now, I do not be-
lieve—and this I say injustice to the commit-
tee—that it was in the power of the committee
without the order of the House to inaugurate
this necessary reform. But I do say that the
committee ought then, and ought now, to insist
upon a reform. They ought to require that
these officers, when they bring their accounts
to be audited, shall purge their own consciences
at least, and show to the committee, through
their own names and under their own oaths,
that they have obeyed the law.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BROOMALL. The gentleman speaks
of a resolution which he procured to be passed
requiring the officers of the House to swear to
every claim presented by them before the Com-
mittee on Accounts, and says that the resolu-
tion was subsequently repealed. That is true,
aud it was done at the instance of the Com-
mittee on Accounts.
Mr. KERR. This is the first time I ever
heard of that. I am very glad to know it. It
shows the animus of the whole thing.
Mr. BROOMALL. The officers who pre-
sented the bills were not those to whom the
bills were paid, and then a resolution passed
by the committee was substituted in the place
of the affidavit of the parties who received the
money, who did know how much was due while
the officers frequently did not. And I will
no .v inform the gentleman of what he does not
seem to know, that not a single bill has ever
been passed by the Committee on Accounts
since the time he speaks of, if my recollection
is right, certainly since the present committee
was organized, without having the affidavit of
the party to whom the money was paid that it
was due. that the bill was proper, and that no
other person but himself had any interest in it,
except where the claim was for a salary or for
pay fixed by law or resolution of the House,
which rendered such an affidavit unnecessary,
I will make one other observation. Some-
thing lias been said about incorporating in this
resolution a provision changing the manner in
which the Clerk purchases his stationery. I
will state, for the information of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] that
that could not be done. The act of August 26,
lb42, requires that it shall be purchased ex-
actly in the manner it now is, and if any change
is made ill that, particular it must be done by
law, and not by a resolution of the House. I
now call the previous question.
Mr. KERR. 1 desire to say that the affi-
davit to which the gentleman has referred was
not required while I was on the Committee on
Accounts.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolutions were agreed to.
Mr. BROOMALL moved to reeonsider the
vote by which the resolutions were agreed to;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BROOMALL. I now ask authority that
the sura of $4 20 be paid to the witness
Manker. the amount due him for witness fees.
That is the.only expense incurred.
There was no objection, audit was so ordered.
usitl'.d states consdt at panama.
Mr. VAN WYCK, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Uesolved, That the Secretary of State be directed
