1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1355
Congress, by the passage of that law, intended
to respect the relation which the President
must necessarily sustain toward the heads of
the Departments. Congress knew that it was
impossible that the President could successfully
administer the Government if not in friendly
relations with his advisers, with the members
of his Cabinet, with his political household, the
heads of the Departments. The appointment
is given to him by the law to secure the har-
mony of his Administration, and with reason
this proviso only applies to the Cabinet officers.
They go out of office, no matter when appointed,
with the President who appointed them, giving
the succeeding President one month in which
to organize his own Cabinet—a wise and rea-
sonable provision. Was Stanton entitled to
hold the office through President Johnson's
term? No, sir.
I insist, sir, that there is not a lawyer in this
House who can answer to his own conscience
and take the ground that the appointments of
the heads of the Departments appointed by Mr.
Lincoln would not have expired one month
after the national misfortune by which Mr.
Lincoln ceased to be President of the United
States, if this tenure-of-oflice law had then been
in force. It is clear, sir, they would have
ceased to be heads of Departments by virtue
of this law. That the President possessed the
power of removal before the passage of this
law is notcalled in question; and by a fair
construction of this law, it either did not affect
the power previously possessed by the Presi-
dent at all, or it terminated the terms of the
heads of Departments a month after its enact-
ment. And the tenure-of-office of the Secre-
tary of War ceased at the end of one month
after the law itself went into effect; and on the
21st day of February, when General Thomas
was nominated to the Senate the office of Sec-
retary of War was vacant. The reason for this
is manifest. I have already stated it. The
President must have the cooperation of his
Cabinet; he must have the power to organize
it in harmony with himself, or there can be no
harmony in the Government and no successful
administration of the public affairs. Thisisnot
for the benefit of or as a courtesy to the Presi-
dent, but an absolute public necessity, and so
recognized from the beginning of the Govern-
ment until now.
What a monstrous proposition it is that the
President, charged with the duly of seeing that
the laws are faithfully executed and responsible
for their due execution, shall be surrounded by
counselors who are opposed to him in every mat-
ter of public policy 1 Therefore this tenure-
of-office law wisely provided that the term of
office of a head of a Department should expire
one month after the expiration of the term of
the President by whom he was appointed. If
the tenure-of-office law does not apply to Edwin
M. Stanton because he was appointed by Mr.
Lincoln before the law was enacted, would not
the unrepealed enactments by winch President
Johnson possessed unquestionably the power
of removal apply? If the tenure-of-office law
did apply to him, did it not terminate his office?
In cither view, is there a shadow of foundation
for this impeachment?
By this law Andrew Johnson, President of
the United States, became vested with the power
to fill the vacancy thus provided for sub-
ject to the approval of the Senate. He pos-
sessed that power before under early enact-
ments. I should like to hear the lawyers of
this House meet that proposition by other argu-
ments than passionate eloquence. If the Presi-
dent had this power, by virtue of this law, to
nominate to the Senate to fill vacancies and the
law itself provided for the vacancy in the office
of Secretary of War, or if there was only a
reasonable ground for such construction, what
a miserable pretense that the President is guilty
of a high misdemeanor under this very law
which admits of this construction! _ _
I say, sir, that nothing but the vindictiveness
of party spirit could suggest the impeachment
of the President of the United States or any
officer of the Government on a question of the
construction of a statute—an obscure statute
even if a judicial interpretation would lead to
different conclusions. Especially is this true
when it is remembered that this is a penal
statute.
It is said that there are other matters upon
which the President is to be impeached. Sir,
I heard the reportof the committee read at your
desk, and there was in it no other charge against
the President than that he had assigned General
Lorenzo Thomas, the Adjutant General of the
Army, to perform the duties of Secretary of
War ad interim,. That is the charge that is
made against him ; no other offense has been
charged against him upon the floor of this
House. After the deliberate action of the
House in rejecting as unworthy of considera-
tion the long array of charges heretofore pre-
ferred by heated politicians, the President is
now to be impeached for construing a law con-
trary to the interpretation placed upon it by
this House, an interpretation that justified him
in assigning a high military officer to the posi-
tion of Secretary of War for the time being,
he himself assuming, as he had the right to
assume, that the office was then vacant by vir-
tue of the law itself, or that the law was in
conflict with the Constitution which he and
Congress and the judiciary are alike sworn to
maintain.
But, Mr. Speaker, there is one fact which
ought to arrest die attention of gentlemen. It
is impossible in"he nature of things that any
one party should continually control the des-
tinies of this country ; and if, after eighty years
of comparative success in republican Govern-
ment upon this continent, the precedent is to
be established that the dominant party, the
party which has the physical power is, at its
will, to displace the Chief Executive, assume all
power to itself, diminishing the powers of the
judicial department and usurping that of the
Executive, so as to make Congress virtually
the one uncontrolled department of the Gov-
ernment—if such a precedent be furnished to
be practiccd upon by every successive party
that comes in power, I ask you how much more
stable will be this Republic and the adminis-
tration of its powers than oven the republics
beyond the Rio Grande, where liberty trem-
bled with every change of administration, and
finally perished, ending in successive military
despotisms? Can you hope for a different
result if you once set the precedent for such
usurpations?
Sir, fortunately for this Republic there has
been firmness and stability in the Government
through all changcs of administration. But
you threaten to establish, by your action in
this impeachment, and by your assaults on the
judiciary, the policy which has everywhere
proved fatal to republican government, the
policy that one department, invested by the
Constitution with limited powers, shall tole-
rate no deviation from its judgment, but com-
pel the submission of the other departments to
its absolute will, making the Government, in
fact, in spite of the Constitution, one depart-
ment with absolute power.
Sir, the division of governmental power
into the legislative, executive, and judicial
departments—coordinate departments—is the
palladium of our liberties. In this wise divis-
ion of power lies the safety of the people. It
is the very foundation upon which this Kepub-
lic stands. The three departments are the
great pillars of the Constitution.
The Congress that shall weaken the public
fabric by restricting the Supreme Court that
it shall not pronounce judgment on its enact-
ments, and appointing, through the agency of
impeachment, from its own body, the Presi-
dent of the United States, will be held responsi-
ble by history for the fate of the Republic.
Yet, sir, we are drifting toward that result.
Expressions made to-day upon the floor of
this House indicate clearly the intention of the
majority, in a moment of passion, blinded by
partisan resentment, to push forward this
impeachment, and the judges who are to pro-
nounce solemn judgment on this impeachment
now have already uttered sentiments which
show that judgment is already pronounced !
The newspapers tell us that gentlemen exultin
the belief that the President has been entrapped
into a position tliat will excuse an impeach-
ment. Gentlemen seem gratified that the
President is placed in what they deem a false
position, that thereby they may establish on
this side of the Rio Grande a principle which
has overthrown republican liberty on the other
side of the Rio Grande! And all this that
Congress may place in the presidential office
a politician, a partisan favorable to the in-
terests of Congress, thus doubly usurping to
Congress the powers which our fathefs dele-
gated to the different departments of the Gov-
ernment. And all this for partisan power 1
My friend from Maryland [Mr. Piielps] calls
my attention to the opinions of Judge Story
in his great work on the Constitution, on the
dangers to be apprehended fiom these fatal
measures, this attempt of Congress to arrogate
to itself unlimited power. But nothing, sir,
which has heretofore been established seems
any longer to command respect. That that
illustrious judge should have warned tho people
against the step wc are now taking, is of no
momentthat the Father of his Country warned
you against the danger of usurping powers
belonging to other departments commands no
interest. Tlje new era in its arrogant suffi-
ciency rejects the wisdom of experience. It
falls upon ears deafened by the spirit of party.
No, sir ; it is not in the spirit of the better
days of this Republic that this grave question
is approached. Andrew Johnson, President
of the United States, is to be impeached of
high crimes and misdemeanors because he
stands in the way of the partisan purposes of
this Congress, lie is an obstacle to the abso-
lutism of Congress. He stands in the way of
the vaulting ambition of aspiring statesmen.
And the pretense of a mistake in the interpre-
tation of a law of doubtful import must sub-
servo the purpose of impeachment in the ab-
sence of a substantial reason. In other day3
the question would be submitted to the courts
of justice, but this would not subserve the pur-
pose designed to be accomplished—the abso-
lute power of Congress. If their designs of
ambition shall be consummated and the exec-
utive and judicial departments of the Govern-
ment are made subservient to the absolutism
of Congress, then, sir, tho fate of this Republic
is in the hands of its people. In their patriot-
ism and devotion to constitutional liberty there
is enduring hope.
Mr. SCHENCK. T desire to inform the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] that,
in order to relieve the House, I have prevailed
upon the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Peters]
to withdraw his objection to the reading of
Washington's Farewell Address. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I am glad of it as it is so
much better than anything I could say.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man's time has expired.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask it be read neverthe-
less.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman can print
it with his remarks.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope out of considera-
tion for its illustrious author and the noble
sentiments it embodies it will formally beunder-
stood to have been read to this House to com-
pletion, and go into the Congressional Globe in
connection with these debates. _
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
The address is as follows :
Famcdl Address of George Washington, President to
the people of the United States, September!", l/9b.
Friends and Fet/low-Citizen-s : The period for a
new election of a citizen to administer the executive
Government of tho United States being not tar dis-
tant, and the time actually a rrlvcd w S i en y our thoughts
must bo employed in designating the peison who is
to be clothed with that important trust, it appears to
me proper, especially as it may conduce to a more
