SUPPLEMENT TO
proviso which the defendant's counsel say does
not embrace Mr. Stanton, because be was not
appointed by the President in whose term he
was removed. If he was not embraced in the
proviso, then he was nowhere specially pro-
vided for, and was consequently embraced in
the first clause of the first section, which de-
clares that every person holding any civil office
not otherwise provided for comes within the
provisions of this act.
The respondent, in violation of this law, ap-
pointed General Thomas to office, whereby,
according to the express terms of the act, he
was guilty of a high misdemeanor. Bat what-
ever may have been his views with regard to
the tenure-of-office act he knew it was a law,
and so recorded upon the statutes. I disclaim
all necessity in a trial of impeachment to prove
the wielced or unlawful intentiou of the re-
spondent, and it is unwise ever to aver it.
In impeachments, more than in indictments,
the averring of the fact charged carries with it
all that it is necessary to say about intent. In
indictments you charge that the defendant,
" instigated by the devil," and so on ; and you
might as well call on the prosecution to prove
the presence, shape, and color of his majesty,
as to call upon the Managers in impeachment
to prove intentiou. I go further than some,
and contend that no corrupt or wicked motive
need instigate the acts for which impeachment
is brought. Itis enough that they were official
violations of law. The counsel have placed
great stress upon the necessity of proving that
they were willfully done. If by that he means
that they were voluntarily done 1 agree with
him. A mere accidental trespass would not be
sufficient to convict. But that'which is volun-
tarily (lone is willfully done, according to every
honest definition; and whatever malfeasance
is willingly perpetrated by an oflice-holder is a
misdemeanor in office, whatever he may allege
was his intention.
The President justifies himself by asserting
that all previous Presidents had exercised the
same right of removing officers, for cause to
be judged of by the President alone. Had
there been no law to prohibit it when Mr.
Stanton was removed tho cases would have
been parallel, and the one might bo adduced
as an argument in favor of the other. Hut,
since the action of any of the Presidents to
which he refers, a law had been passed by
Congress, after a stubborn controversy with
the Executive, denying that right and prohib-
iting it in future, and imposing a severe- pen-
alty upon any executive officer who should
exercise it; and thai, too, after the President,
had himself made i.ssueon its constitutionality
and been defeated. No pretext, therefore, any
longer existed that such right was vested in
the President by virtue of his ollice. Hence
the attempt to shield himself under such prac-
tice is a most lame evasion of the question
at issue. Did he "take care that this law
should bo faithfully'1 executed? lie answers
that acts that would have violated the law, had
it existed, were practiced by his predecessors.
How does that justify his own malfeasance ?
The President says that he removed Mr.
Stanton simply to test the constitutionality of
the tenure-of-office law by a judicial decision,
lie has already seen it tested and decided by
the votes, twice given, of two thirds of the
Senators and of the House of Representatives.
It stood as a law upon the statute-books. No
case had arisen under that law, or is referred
to by the President, which required any judi-
cial interposition. If there had been, or should
be, the courts were open to any one who felt
aggrievedby the action of Mr. Stanton. But
instead of enforcing that law he takes advan-
tage of tho name and the funds of the United
States to resist it, and to induce others to resist
it. Instead of attempting, as the Executive
of the United States, to see that that law was
faithlully executed, he took great pains and
perpetrated the acts alleged in this article, not
only to resist it himself, but to seduce others
to do the same. He sought to induce the Gen-
eral-in-Chief of the Army to aid him in an
open, avowed obstruction of the law as it stood
unrepealed upon the statute-book. He'could
find no one to unite with him in perpetrating
such an act until he sunk down upon the un-
fortunate individual bearing the title of Adju-
tant General of the Army. Is this taking care
that the laws shall be faithfully executed? Is
this attempting to carry them into effect, by
upholding their validity, according to his oath?
On the other hand, was it not a high and bold
attempt to obstruct the laws and take care
that they should not be executed? He must
not excuse himself by saying that he had
doubts of its constitutionality and wished to
test it. What right had he to be hunting up
excuses for others, as well as himself, to vio-
late this law? Is not this confession a mis-
demeanor in itself?
The President asserts that he did not re-
move Stanton under the tenure-of-office law.
This is a direct contradiction of his own letter
to tho Secretary of the Treasury, in which, as
he was bound by law, he communicated to that
officer the fact of the removal. This portion
of the answer may, therefore, be considered as
disposed of by the non-existence of the fact,
as well as by his subsequent report to the
Senate.
The following is the letter just alluded to,
dated August 1-1, 18G7 :
. Silt: la compliance with the requirements of the
act ontiHed"An aet to regulate tho tenuro of certain
eivil offices," you aro hereby notified that on the
12th instant Hon. Edwin M. Stanton was suspended
from hi-'otlieo as Secretary of War, and General U. S.
trnnit authorized and empowered to act as Secretary
udvtterun.
IIou. SnciuiT„utY ot iiie Treasury.
Wretched maul A direct contradiction of
his solemn answer! How necessary that a
man should have a good conscience or a good
memory ! Hoth would not be out of place.
Hew lovely to contemplate what was so assid-
uously inculcated by a celebrated Pagan into
the mind of his son: '■ Virtue is truth, and
truth is virtue." And still more, virtue of
every kind charms us, yet thatvirtueis strong-
est which is effected by justice and generosity.
Good deeds will never be done, wise acts will
never lie executed, except by the virtuous and
the conscientious.
May tho good people of thisKepublic remem-
ber this good old doctrine when they next meet
to select their lulers, and maythey select only
the brave and the virtuous.
Has it been proved, as charged in this ar-
ticle, that Andrew Johnson m vacation sus-
pended from ollice Edwin M. Stanton, who had
been duly appointed and was then executing
the duties of Secretary of the Department of
War, without the advice and consent of the
Senate ; did he repoit the reasons for such
suspension to tho Senate within twenty days
from the meeting of the Senate ; and did tho
Semite proceed to consider tho sufficiency of
such reasons? Did tho Senate declare such
reasons insufficient, whereby tho said Edwin
M. Stanton became authorized to forthwith
resume and exercise the functions of Secretary
of War. and displace tho Secretary ad interim,
whose duties were-then to eease and terminate ;
did tho said Andrew Johnson, in his official
character of President of the United States,
attempt to obstruct the return of the said Ed-
win M. Stanton and his resumption forthwith
of the functions of his ollice as Secretary of
the Department of War; and has he continued
to attempt to prevent the discharge of the
j duties ol said ollice by said Edwin M. Stanton,
; Secretary of War, notwithstanding the Senate
decided in his favor! If he has, then tho acts
in violation of law, charged in tins article, are
full and complete.
The proof lies in a very narrow compass,
and depends upon the credibility of one or two
witnesses, who, upon this point, corroborate
each other's evidence.
Andrew Johnson, in his letter of the 31st of
January, 18li8, not only declared that such was
his intention, but reproached U. S. Grant, Gen-
eral, in the following language :
"You had found in our first conference 'that tho
President was desirous of keeping Mr. Stanton out
of otiiee, whither sustained in the snipeniion or not.'
You knew what reasons had induced tho President
to ask irom you a promise; yoa also knew that in
case your views of duty did not accord with his own
convictions it was his purpose to fill your place by
another appointment. Even ignoring the existence
of a positive understanding between us, these con-
clusionswereplainlydeduciblefrom our various con-
versations. It is certain, however, that even under
these circumstances you did not offer to return the
place to my possession, but, according to your own
statement, placed yourself in a position where, could
I have anticipated your action, I would have been
compelled to ask of you, as I was compelled to ask
of your predecessor in the War Department, a letter
of resignation, or else to resort to the more disagree-
able expedient of suspending you by a successor."
He thus distinctly alleges that the General
had a full knowledge that such was his delib-
erate intention. Hard words and injurious
epithets can do nothing to corroborate or tt.
injure the character of a witness ; bnt if An-
drew Johnson be not wholly destitute of truth
and a shameless falsifier then this article and
all its charges are clearly made out by his own
evidence.
Whatever the respondent may say of the
reply of U. S. Grant, General, only goes to
confirm the fact of the President's lawless at-
tempt to obstruct the execution of the act
specified in the article.
If General Grant's recollection of his con-
versation with the President is correct, then
it goes affirmatively to prove the same fact
stated by the President, although it shows that
the President persevered in his course of deter-
mined obstruction of the law, while the General
refused to aid in its consummation. No dif-
ferences as to the main fact of the attempt to
violate and prevent the execution of the law
exist in either statement; both eompcl the
conviction of tho respondent, unless he should
escape through other means than tho facts
proving the article. He cannot hope to escape
by asking this high court to declare the " law for
regulating the tenure of certain eivil offices"
unconstitutional and void; for it so happens—
to the hopeless misfortune of the respondent—
that almost every member of this high tribunal
has more than once—twice, perhaps three
times—declared upon his official oath that law
constitutional and valid. The unhappy man is
in this condition: he has declared himself de-
termined to obstruct-that act; he has, by two
several letters of authority, ordered Lorenzo
Thomas to violate that law ; and he has issued
commissions during the session of the Senate
without the advice and consent of the Senate,
in violation of law, to said Thomas. He must
therefore either deny his own solemn declara-
tions and falsify the testimony of General
Grant and Lorenzo Thomas, or expect that
verdict whose least punishment is removal from
office.
But the President denies in his answer to the
first and the eleventh articles (which he in-
tends as a joint answer to the two charges)
that he had attempted to contrive means to
preventthe duo execution of the law regulating
the tenure of certain civil offices, or had vio-
lated his oath "to take care that tho laws be
faithfully executed." Yet while he denies such
attempt to defeat the execution of the laws, in
his letter of the 31st of Jauuary, 1868, he as-
serts, and reproaches General Grant by the
assertion, that the General knew that his object
was to prevent Edwin M. Stanton irom forth-
with resuming the functions of his office, not-
withstanding that the Senate might decide in
his favor: and the President and U. S. Grant,
General, in their angry correspondence of the
date heietofore referred to, made an issue of
veracity—the President asserting that the Gen-
oral had promised to aid him in defeating the
I execution of the laws by preventing the imine-
1 diate resumption of the functions of Secretary
i of War by Edwin M. Stanton, and that the
General violated his promise; and U. S. Grant,
General, denying ever having finally made such
promise, although he agrees with the President
that Uie President did attempt to induce him to
make such promise and to enter into such au
arrangement.
Now, whichever of these gentlemen may have
lost his memory, and found in lieu of the truth
