2380
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
view to procure in formation as to the most approved
method ot irrigation, and also to obtain (lata illus-
trative of the natural history and industrial and
commercial capacities of the publie lancls.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That resolution should
be addressed to the Secretary of the Interior,
I apprehend.
The SPEAKER. It should be.
Mr. DODGE. I will modify it in that way.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
PHILADELPHIA AND EUROPEAN STEAMLINE.
Mr. MYERS, by unanimous conseiu, intro-
duced a bill (H. I?. No. 1010) to provide for
an American line of mail and passenger steam-
ships between Philadelphia and one or more
European ports; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
to reconsider the vote by which this bill was
referred ; and 1 move, also, to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CROSS-LEDGE LI0IIT-II0USE,
Mr. O'NEILL. I have been instructed by
the Committee on Commerce to move that that
committee be discharged from the further con-
sideration of a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting reports ot
the Light-House Board, relative to the erection
of a permanent light-house at Cross-Ledge
shoal, in Delaware bay, and that the same be
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to.
ORltVILLE AND VIRGINIA CITY RAILROAD-.
Mr. HIGBY, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of California, asking aid to build a rail-
road from Orrville, in California, to "Virginia
City, in the State of Nevada; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
SAN DIEGO AND GILA RAILROAD.
Mr. HIGBY, by unanimous consent, also
presented resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of California, asking aid to build a rail-
road from San Diego, in California, to the Gila
river; which was referred to the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad.
WAGON-ltOADS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. TIIGBY, by unanimous consent, also
presented resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of California, asking Congress to donate
lands to build wagon-roads in the counties of
Humboldt and Trinity, in California; which
was referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. HIGBY, by unanimous consent, also
presented resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of California, asking Government aid to
construct the Southern Pacific railroad ; which
was referred to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad.
WATCHMEN FOR PUBLIC GROUNDS, ETC.
Mr. SHANKS. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution for consider-
ation at this time;
liestilved. That the Committee on Publie Buildings
and Grounds be hereby instructed to inquire into the
expediency of providing by law for organizing under
the engineerdepartment, instead of any and all laws
now authorizing the employment of watchmen for
public buildings and grounds, a corps of fifty, more
or less, as ms.y be necessary, maimed, wounded, or
disabled Union soldiers of the late war, who have
been honorably discharged from the military servico,
who shall aet as watch men in the grounds of the Cap-
itol, Executive Mansion, Smithsonian Institute, Bo-
tanic Garden, Agricultural Department, Washington
monument, La Fayette square. Franklin square, Lin-
coln square, Circle, andsuehother grounds and build-
ings as need protection.
Mr. RANDALL. I object. It proposes an
additional expenditure.
WALLA-WALLA AND COLUMBIA RAILROAD.
Mr. FLANDERS, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1041) granting the
right of way to the Walla-Walla and Colum-
bia lliver Railroad Company, and for other
purposes; which was read a' first and second
time.
Mr. FLANDERS. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on the Territories.
Mr. J U LIAN. 1 move to amend the motion
so as to have the bill referred to the Commit-
tee on the Publie Lands.
Mr. FLANDERS. This bill does not call
for a grant of public lands, only for the right
of way through the public lands. There is no
donation of land asked for by the bill.
Mr. JULIAN. The principle is the same.
Mr. FLANDERS. There is one other mat-
ter embraced in the bill, else I would not ob-
ject to its going to the Committee on the Public
Lands. This bill asks that the county com-
missioners of the county of Walla-Walla be
authorized to subscribe a certain amount ol^
stock in that railroad. The Legislature of the
Territory does not meet again for two years ;
and as the county of Walla-Walla proposes to
take a certain amount of stock in that road,
and cannot do it under any law now existing,
although the company is incorporated, they ask
Congress to authorize the county commission-
ers to subscribe a certain amount of stock to-
ward building the road. For that reason, and
that only, I ask that the bill may go to the Com-
mittee on the Territories. There is no land
asked for by the bill except a strip fifty or a
hundred feet wide for the right of way, and
that does not pass over the publie lands for
more than five miles.
Mr. JULIAN. 1 will withdraw my amend-
ment.
The motion to refer to the Committee on the
Territories was then agreed to.
Mr. FLANDERS, by unanimous consent,
also introduced a bill (II. R. No. 1012) to aid
in the construction of a railroad ftom Walla-
Walla to the Columbia river ; which was read
a first and second time.
Mr. FLANDERS. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road.
Mr. JULIAN. I move to amend so as to
refer the bill to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
Mr. FLANDERS. I would prefer that the
bill should go to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad. It properly belongs there, and I
hope the House will so refer it.
The amendment of Mr. Julian was agreed
to, and the motion, as amended, was then
agreed to.
The bill was accordingly referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. FLANDERS. I move that the bill be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. UPSON. I move that the various votes
referring bills, <fee., be reconsidered ; and I
also move that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POST ROADS IN MARYLAND.
" Mr. STONE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1043) to establish cer-
tain post roads in Howard, Anne Arundel, and
Calvert counties, in the State of Maryland;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
COMMITTEE APPOINTMENTS.
The SPEAKER announced that he had ap-
pointed Messrs. Jenckes and Pomeiioy to fill
the vacancies occasioned by the resignation of
Messrs. Banks and Griswold upon the com-
mittee to investigate charges against Mr. Dox-
kblly.
SALE OF PUBLIC LANDS.
The House resumed as the regular order
consideration of the bill (II. R. No. 870) to*
prevent the further sale of the public lands of
the United States except as provided for in the
preemption and homestead laws and the laws
for disposing of town sites and mineral lands,
oo which Mr. Drigss was entitled to the floor.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to inquire of th?
Chair whether it is expected that this subject
will occupy the rest of the day?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is apprised of
five gentlemen who desire to speak upon it,
but is not aware what course the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Julian,] who has charge
of the bill, has determined upon.
Mr. JULIAN. I will say that there is no
probability that the discussion upon this bill
will bo closed to-day.
Mr. DRIGGS. Mr. Speaker, the bill under
consideration is simply a proposition in sub-
stance to withdraw from sale all the public
lands of the United States. If my health will
permit I propose to discuss this subject and to
show why its provisions should not extend to
the lumber and mineral regions of the country.
Representing, as I do, a very extensive and
comparatively new district, with hundreds of
miles of forests of pine and other valuable tim-
ber, and my constituents being largely engaged
in manufacturing lumber, I feel it a duty to
them that I should state to the House the rea-
sons why I think this bill ought not to pass, at
least without an amendment or provision ex-
cepting northern Michigan from the effects of
its operations.
It is simply a proposition to prevent any
further cash sales of the public domain, but
leaving the lands as formerly subject to entry
by land warrants, land scrip, and. under the
homestead and preemption laws. These laws
were resigned by Congress to secure " homes
for the homeless and lands for the landless;"
and they doubtless have, and will continue
to fill, the good intentions of their authors
in the agricultural sections of the country.
But I can assure the members of this House
that they do not work so well in the timber
regions. The homestead law grants a patent
after an occupancy of, or residence upon, the
land of five years, or allows the occupant to
pay for the land after a residence upon it
of six months, and making proof as to im-
provements. This law also provides that an
absence from the land of over six months at
any one time shall work a forfeiture. Now,
it frequently happens that persons who wish
to secure one hundred and sixty acres, valu-
able only for timber, will enter the same, pay
the ten dollars to Government, and two dollars
fees, making twelve dollars, then leave the
land for six-months till the lumbering season
comes on, when they will either remove the
timber or sell it to other parties who will do
it, and then abandon the land. It is true the
law does not allow them to do this, or to cut
or use any more timber than is necessary to
fence, crect buildings, and improve the land,
until the expiration of the five years ; but in
those distant, wild forests it is next to impos-
sible to prevent it.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I will go as far as any
gentleman in this House to protect the oublic
domain from the hands of the grasping specu-
lator and land monopolist, and to preserve it
forever for the poor landless emigrant, or citi-
zen who wants to secure a home, and who. in
good faith, desires to live on and improve the
lands he enters; but, while I would do this, I
would be very Careful not to ruin the vast lum-
ber interestpf the country, and not to open the
door wideiyfor the commission of the frauds to
which I .-have alluded, by having the prohibi-
tory provisions of this bill applied to the tim-
ber regions of the country. If it is done. I
would like any gentleman to tell me how the
lumberman, who does not own larse bodies of
pule, is to obtain the logs for his mill? It need
n6t be replied that he can still enter lands for
mat purpose with agricultural college scrip, for
et me tell the gentleman who urges the pas-
sage of this bill, that every foot of the one
million acres allowed by that acUo be located
m my State was taken up with this scrip as
early as last June. If the bill passes, as before
stated, land warrants will be bought up, and
placed beyond the reach of many. The home-
stead settler cannot sell the pine on his loea-
