4428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
to inform this House how long during the last fifteen
months the consul at Panama has been absentfrom
his post, the reason of such absence, and whether by
the approbation of tho State Department.
leayk of absence.
Leave of absence after to-day was granted
to Mr. Smith, on account of the illness of his
brother.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Hun-
ter, on account of sickness in his family.
john h. oslek.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am instructed unani-
mously by the Committee of Claim's to report
a bill for the relief of a soldier wounded at the
battle of Kenesaw mountain, and I desire to
state to the House that the bill involves no
more th«n $800 at most. I desire to state
further that the bill passed this House in the
Thirty-Ninth Congress without a division.
Under the existing law this soldier cannot
have relief nor have his accounts settled by
reason of the fact that being a sergeant at the
time be received his wounds he was not able
to render any account whatever to the Govern-
ment, although no one claims that he is capa-
ble of defrauding any one to the extent of a
farthing, because his clothing, his papers, and
everything pertaining to him, while he lay
covered with his wounds, was carried away by
an unknown person. The bill is but ten lines
long, it explains itself, and it stands within
the general purview of previous laws of this
very Congress, giving like compensation to
commissioned lieutenants. I ask unanimous
consent to report the bill, and that it be put
upon its passage.
There was no objection.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the Committee of
Claims, then reported a bill (H. R. No. 1451)
for the relief of Lieutenant John H. Osier, of
Guernsey county, Ohio; which was read afirst
and second time.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
land district in nebraska.
Mr. TAFFE. I ask unanimous consent to
have taken from the Speaker's table Senate
bill No. 579, to establish a new land district
in the State of Nebraska, for consideration at
this time.
No objection was made, and the bill was
taken up, read a first, second, and third time,
and passed.
Mr. TAFFE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave of absence.
Indefinite leave of absence was granted to
Mr. Nicholson, on account of the sickness of
his wife.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
as many members here are really not in good
health, and as many have obtained leave of
absence, there is a possibility that there may
not be a quorum here this evening or to-mor-
row morning. If the Senate should grant the
request of the House for a committee of con-
ference on the funding bill the committee will
not be able to report before to-morrow after-
noon. The Chair would therefore express a
hope that a majority of members will remain
here, so as to act upon the report of the com-
mittee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is
a bill upon the Speaker's table from the Sen-
ate extending the revenue laws of this country
over the newly-acquired territory of Alaska.
It is a bill of the greatest public importance,
being for the purpose of preventing smuggling
there, and the preservation of the seal fisheries.
I ask that it may be now considered.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I am willing to begin at
the top of the pile and go down, or at the
bottom of the pile and go up, but I object to
taking up special bills out of their regular
order.
alexandria canal.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was the consideration of the amendments of
the Senate to House bill No. 1275, relating to
the Alexandria canal.
Mr. INGEESOLL. I move that the Senate
amendments be concurred in. They are pretty
severe, yet they are the best we can get this
session.
The amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendments of the Senate
were concurred in ; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
railroad land grants.
Mr. HOPKINS. I now call up the motion
to reconsider the vote by which House bill N o.
767, to regulate the disposition of lands that
may be hereafter granted to aid in the con-
struction of railways, was recommitted to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
The bill, which was read, provides that all
lands which may hereafter be granted to aid in
the construction of railways shall, unless other-
wise expressly provided in the act granting the
same, be sold by the State or Territory, cor-
poration, or company to which said grant is
made to actual settlers, in quantities no greater
than one quarter section, to any one person, and
at a price to be fixed by the company which
shall build the road, not exceeding $2 50 per
acre, and the amount received for the said
land shall be paid by the State or Territory to
the company constructing said road, after de-
ducting all the expense incurred by the State
or Territory in making such sales. And all
sales so made shall be made upon the following
terms, namely: one fourth of the amount
thereof shall be paid in cash at the time of
purchase, and the balance thereof shall be paid
by the settler in three annual installments with
interest, not to exceed seven per cent, per
annum, until paid. And the Secretary of the
Interior shall have power to prescribe rules
and regulations for carrying this act into effect,
and no person shall be deemed an actual settler
who does not furnish evidence, in such form as
the Governor of the State or Territory may
prescribe, that it is his or her intention to enter
upon, improve, and reside upon the lands he
or she may purchase; provided further, that
any alternate even-numbered sections along
the line of any railway, which have not been
sold or entered upon by actual settlers within
ten years from and after the survey and location
of said railway, shall be disposed of on the
same terms as other public lands of the United
States.
The question was upon the motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. HOPKINS. Mr. Speaker, the bill under
consideration was agreed upon by the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands several months ago,
and 1 was instructed to report the same to the
House. I have had no opportunity to call it
up until now. I do not desire to detain the
House by any lengthy explanation of its pro-
vision. Those who have listened to the read-
ing will understand and appreciate its object,
and at this late hour of the session 1 will not
trespass upon the time of the House by a
lengthy discussion. It will be observed that
tho bill proposes a reform in the manner of
granting lands to aid in the construction of
railroads.
While the committee do not propose by this
bill to oppose granting lands to aid in con-
structing railroads in the new States and Ter-
ritories, they do propose a radical change in
the manner of making these grants hereafter.
Theobjection to the grants heretofore made is
that they have not been sufficiently guarded to
protect the rights and interests of the settler.
Grants of public land heretofore made for these
objects have either been conferred direct upon
the corporations building the road, or made to
the States, and by the States granted to the
corporations, without any restrictions or provis-
ions for keeping the land in market tor the
benefit of those desiring the same for settle-
ment and cultivation. Under this policy the
railroad corporations have been able to with-
draw vast tracts of land from the market and
hold them for an unlimited time out of the
reach of persons desiring to purchase for act-
ual settlement, thereby retarding the settle-
ment of the country, and doing manifest injus-
tice to those seeking homes for cultivation by
creating vast land monopolies. Ihe evil of
this system must be apparent to all; and while
I believe in a liberal policy of Government aid
toward all these works ot internal improvement
so necessary to the development and prosperity
of the country, and while I feel that under
proper restrictions, such as this bill provides,
no better use can be made of a portion of the
public domain than to donate it to aid in tho
construction of railroads, I am nevertheless
convinced that the aid can be as effectually
extended without granting the lands absolutely
to the corporations but by making the grants
to the States and having the lands sold by the
States to actual settlers, giving the proceeds
of the sale to the corporations which construct
the roads. By this system we avoid a great
and growing evil in this country of immense
corporate land monopolies.
Up to this time the Government has granted
about fifty-seven million acres of public lands
to aid railroad enterprises; and of this large
quantity, embracing some of the most fertile
and productive lands of the country, over
nine tenths are still held by railroad corpo-
rations and have never been offered in the mar-
ket at all. In this estimate I do not include
the very liberal grants which have been made
to aid in the construction of the Pacific roads.
Under the policy up to this time the rights of
the settler have been entirely ignored, and the
pernicious effects of placing such vast quanti-
ties of the public lands of the country in the
grasp of corporations, to be by them held out
of market and out of reach of those de-
siring them for homes, driving the settler back
further into the wilderness, and compelling him
by his toil to add to the \ialue of the lands held
by corporate monopolists, has been widely felt,
and demands at our hands a speedy and effect-
ual remedy.
The bill underconsideration,in my judgment,
provides the remedy for this evil by adopting a
policy for all future grants which will prevent
the land granted from going into the possession
of corporations, while by giving the proceeds
of the sales of such grants to the corpora! ions
constructing the roads it will encourage the
extension of our railway system, while at the
same time it protects the rightsof the settler by
keeping the lands constantly in the market at
a low price, thereby promoting the rapid set-
tlement of the country through which the road
passes. It is believed that under this system
the corporations receiving the aid will derive
more substantial advantages than they would
if the lands were actually granted to them as
the country along the lines of the roads will be
rapidly settled and made productive, thereby
largely increasing the business and profits of
the corporations. I amunable to seeany valid
objection to this necessary reform in our land
policy, and I feel confident if it is adopted it
will result to the advantage of the people of
the country. 1 trust the bil1 way pass.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Does this bill apply only
to grants hereafter to be made ?
Mr. HOPKINS. Yes, sir.
1" 'lie gentleman yield a
couple of minutes to me?
Mr. HOPKINS. Yes, sir, I yield two min-
utes.
Mr. HIGBY. I wish to say that this bill
embraces some principles which at a proper
