ism
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
tion until'lie has resided upon it for five years;
unless, under strong inducements, lie does so
in violation of the very law under which he
holds his title.
Then, Mr. Speaker, I again ask where is the
lumberman to obtain a supply of logs for his
mill who does not own the land in sufficient
quantities? He cannot do it at all; and hence
he will be compelled to abandon the busi-
ness to the large operators who own extensive
bodies of pine, giving them the entire control
of the market; and," as the lands they possess
will thus be enhanced in value three or four
hundred per cent., so will the price of lumber
be'increased from its present price to one hun-
dred dollars per thousand to the consumer all
over the country.
The House should look well to it, that in
yielding to the popular cry of "Lands for the
landless," it does n(jjt strike down the indis-
pensable lumber interests and productions of
the country and enhance the price of lumber
one or two hundred per cent, to every man in
the country who wants to build a house, barn,
or fence. Not in all cases, but as a general
rule, I believe it is true that a man in the
northern States who has not the industry, econ-
omy and thrift to save money enough to pay
the Government §100 for a farm of eighty
acres, will not improve, work, and keep one
up if it is given to him free.
Mr. Speaker, by a careful collection of lum-
ber statistics in the State of Michigan, it is
ascertained that twelve hundred million feet of
pine lumber is manufactured annually from the
forests of that State, and more than one half
of this enormous aggregate from my dis-
trict. This, at the low average of fourteen
dollars per thousand, produces annually $16,-
800,000 ; and it is below the mark to place the
receipts for staves and other lumber and tim-
ber, at $8,200,000, making the total yearly
value of manufactured lumber in Michigan
$2-3,000,000. It is a good average of pine
lands which produces five million feet of lum-
ber to the thousand acres, hence it takes over
two hundred thousand acres of such lands to
supply logs for the cut of the mills each year.
One of these mills on the Saginaw river, owned
by Messrs. Sage & McGraw, cut and manu-
factured in a single day of twelve hours, last
summer, three hundred and seventy-six thou-
sand feet; and during the season, I am in-
formed, some twenty-five million feet were pro-
duced, requiring five thousand acres to supply
a single mill for a single year with logs. Many
other firms in the State are about as large as
the one I have cited; and some of these mills
with the docks, booms, and expenditures for
clearing streams for running logs, teams, and
camp equipage, have required an investment
in cash of over a quarter of a million dollars,
exclusive of the costs of the lands, vessels,
and barges, to freight the lumber to market
when manufactured.
These mills are built and this vast interest
carried on on rivers and streams penetrating
the wild forests of the interior, along a lake
coast of a thousand miles, where there are no
roads or means of access except those made by
the enterprising lumberman ; where no agricul-
turist would have ventured for years to come
but for the advances of these pioneers of the
forest, whose operations have been followed by
permanent occupants of the soil.
These men do not buy the lands to withhold
them from the seller; they only want the tim-
ber. They give employment to thousands of
men at good wages, who frequently go into the
lumber camp with their teams, their axes, and
saws, to earn money enough to buy eighty or
one hundred and sixty acres of land for afarm.
The lumberman is anxious to and does sell lo
his hands at prices very often below that which
lie paid to the Government; and in this way
has the settlement and permanent occupation
of the soil followed the lumbermen twenty
years in advance of sections where they have
not been. Pass this bill, Mr. Speaker, and
' those who have the means—as before slated—
tVi'll buy up land warrants and scrip, the only
considerations that can be given in exchange
for land, and hold them until they obtain any
price they see fit to ask. In this way large
fortunes will be made out of the lumberman of
small means, who must purchase small lots to
keep his mill running or surrender to his more
fortunate neighbor, whose wealth enabled him
to own his thirty, forty, or fifty thousand acres.
This is the way the bill will work in the lumber
sections of the country, and thus will it work
injury to all, both producer and consumer.
It requires but little sagacity to see that the
effect will be not only to close out these small
operators, but to increase the value of these
lands now owned by the heavy lumbermen
two or three hundred per cent., giving them a
perfect monopoly of the business, and increas-
ing the price of lumber to the consumer to an
equal- extent. I do not believe, Mr. Speaker,
that this bill will prevent those wealthy men
who desire from securing land in large quan-
tities for speculation and to hold out of mar-
ket, for there is said to be still afloat twenty
millions «of representative acres of warrants
and scrip of various kinds, and it will be
readily seen that they will be used instead of
cash for entering land. This is the way it has
been done in the past, and I do not believe a
more unfortunate and ruinous gfant of public
land was ever made than the agricultural
college grant. This scrip, covering a vast
amount of the public domain, has been bought
up by speculators at prices from one dollar
down to as low as thirty-seven and a half
cents per acre. I know of one instance where
the whole allowance to a State of three hun-
dred thousand acres was offered at the last-
named price, and land warrants have been
offered and sold nearly as low as scrip. ■
This is the way, Mr. Speaker, land monopo-
lies have grown up, and not by cash purchases
from the Government. How, let me ask, is
the expense of United States land surveys and
the entire expense of millions for carrying on
the United States Land Office to be met if you
prevent any further cash sales, the only source
from which money has been derived in the past
for this purpose. In the present condition of
the national finances is it right to add another
million or two to the taxes, when any man who
desires can buy afarm for one hundred dollars
cash, or enter one under the homestead law for
twelve dollars? Cheap enough, one would sup-
pose, to satisfy even the most earnest advocate
of "lands for the landless." When this bill
was brought up in the committee an amend-
ment was added "excepting regions mainly
valuable for pine." Without this the gentle-
man could not have received permission to re-
port the bill to the House. But, being opposed
to the proposition with or without the amend-
ment, I, and those on the committee agreeing
with me, consented to have the naked proposi-
tion submitted to the House, reserving, how-
ever, the right to add the amendment thus
agreed upon in committee. In the House, if
the bill should be likely to pass, I therefore
shall offer theamendment to the bill, and hope
the House will not force a measure of such
ruinous tendencies upon my State without
ingrafting this amendment upon iL.
Thus far, Mr. Speaker, I have only discussed
the proposition as it affects my State and the
great lumber districts of the country, but I have
no doubt the same reasons given why it should
not apply to these localities will apply with
equal force to the mineral lands. Neither the
lumber or mineral lands will ever be entered
to any extent for agriculture under the home-
stead law until the advances of the miner and
lumberman have prepared the way and ren-
dered it advantageous to do so. In the copper
regions of Lake Superior, where many of the
necessaries of life are now produced from the
soil, especially potatoes, which of the best
quality are produced in such quantities as to
be exported, not one bushel of wheat, potatoes,
or corn would ever have been raised, or one
plow or spade have entered the soil, but for
the sale to, and the operations of, the men
engaged in the iron and copper mining busi-
ness. There are now nearly forty thousand
inhabitants in the upper peninsula of Michigan,
where the soil would never have been touched
by the agriculturist only on account of the
mining interests. I have before me a letter
fronrthe Commissioner of the General Land
Office, in which he states that there are about
one billion four hundred and fourteen million
five hundred and sixty-seven thousand five
hundred and seventy-four acres of public lands
in the United States unsold and unreserved or
appropriated. This makes two million three
hundred and sixty-six thousand five hundred
and eleven sections of six hundred and forty
acres each. Allowing one hundred and sixty
acres to each preemption and four persons to
each family, it will require a population to take
up and occupy these lands under this bill of
thirty-seven million eight hundred and sixty-
four thousand one hundred and seventy-six.
And if the same ratio of inhabitants shall be-
come agriculturists in the future as in the past,
it will require two hundred million inhabitants
and two hundred years to settle this vast area
of land.
Mr. Speaker, I do not think there is any
necessity for the passage of this bill, nor do I
think it would prevent those who wish from
accumulating large bodies of land. The Gov-
ernment must, of" course, respect the warrants
and scrip already issued, but no more should
ever be granted, and no more appropriations
of land should be made except for public im-
provements. And such grants should be made
of lands near the improvements, with provis-
ions compelling the grantees to keep the lands
in market at reasonable rates.
Much opposition has been manifested to rail-
road grants on the ground that they tend to
monopolies, and perhaps this may have been
true to some extent; but, after all, they have
been of more real benefit to the people than
any other grants ever made ; and if the provis-
ion I have spoken of, requiring the lands to bo
kept in market at a fair price, be made a con-
dition in future grants of this kind, no evil but
much good will result from a similar policy in
the future. This bill proposes to change the
long-established land policy of the Govern-
ment, and to prevent it in the future from ever
receiving any pay for one foot of land, not even
for the expense of conveying title. Every
paper in northern Michigan except one, so far
as I have heard, is opposed to this bill; and
only those who own large bodies of timbered
land and those who own land warrants and
scrip, and another class who expect to enter
and sell the timber without improving the land,
arc in favor of its passage. Mr. Speaker, I
send to the Clerk's desk to be read one or two
notices from the press of Michigan, showing
how the people of that State feel on the sub-
ject. The first is from the pen of Hon. D. W.
C. Leach, a former member of Congress, and
now editor of the Grand Traverse Herald, and
the other from the Detroit Post.
The Clerk read as follows:
"A New Land Policy.—Under the above head we
last week published an extract from the Washington
coirespondenoe ol' theDetroit Post relative to a rad-
ical change in the land policy of the General Gov-
ernment. It was stated that 'Mr. Julian has been
pressing upon the attention of the Committee on
Public Lands, of which he is chairman, a bill that
provides for the withdrawal from sale of every acre
of Government land in the United States, and that
the same shall be open to occupancy and settlement
under the homestead and preemption laws.'
" from our earliest acquaintance with political
affairs we have been classed with liadicals. We have
always favored preemption laws, homestead h; -.va,
exemption laws, and all other laws that, were de-
signed to protect the interests of the laboring classes,
and toseeure to them home? of which noman, under
any circumstances, could dispossess them. But with
all our radioalismwe are not prepared to indorse the
proposed change in the land policy of the Govern-
ment. We oppose it because we believe it will fail
to accomplish any good results whatever.
"We believe it would prove detrimental to the
country generally, and especially to the poprerelassos
in whose behalf it is offered. Ti ithout going into an
argument to prove this, let vis suppose a ease.
" The proposed bill becomes a law. 2so more land
is to be sold. No man can for himself and nunor
children secure more than one hundred and sixty
acres. And that he is obliged to take under the
homestead law, and remain on it five years before no
can become the owner of it. But as the land costs
