1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
135?
in the absolute power of an individual; and, sooner j
or later, the chief of some prevailing faction, more
able or more fortunate than his competitors, turns
this disposition to the purposes of his own elevation
on the ruins of public liberty.
Without looking forward to an extremity of this
kind, (which, nevertheless, ought not to be entirely
out of sight,) the common and continual mischiefs of
the spirit of party are sufficient to make it the in-
terest and duty of a wise people to discourage and
restrain it.
It serves always to distract the public councils and
enfeeble the public administration. It agitates the
community with ill-founded jealousies and false
alarms, kindles the animosity of one part against
another, foments occasionally liot and insurrec-
tion. It opens the door to foreign influence and cor-
ruption, which find a facilitated access to the Gov-
ernmentitself through thcchannels of party passions.
Thus the policy and tho will of one country are sub-
jected to the policy and will of another.
There is an opinion that parties in free coun-
tries are useful checks upon the administration of
the Government andserve to keep alive the spirit of
liberty. This, within certain limits, is probably
true; and in Governments of a monarchical cast
patriotism may look with indulgence, if not with
favor, upon the spirit of party. But in those of the
popular character, in Governments purely elective,
it is a spirit not to be encouraged. From their nat-
ural tendency it is certain there will always bo
enough of that spirit for every salutary purpose.
And, there beingconstant danger of excess, the effort
ought to be, by force of public opinion, to mitigate
and assuage it. Afire notto be quenched, it demands
a uniform vigilanco to prevent its bursting into a
flame, lest, instead of warming, it should consume.
It is important, likewise, that tho habits of think-
ing in a free country should inspire caution in those
intrusted with its administration to confine them-
selves within their respective constitutional spheres,
avoiding in the exercise ofthe powers of one depart-
ment to encroach upon another. The spirit of en-
croachment tends to consolidate the powers of all the
departments in one, and thus to create, whatever tho
form of government, a real despotism. A just esti-
mate of that love of power and proneness to abuseit
which predominates in the human heart is sufficient
to satisfy us of the truth of this position. The neces-
sity of reciprocal checks in the exercise of political
power, by dividing and distributing it into different
depositories and constituting each the guardian of
the public weal against invasions by the others, has
been evinced by experiments ancient and modern;
some of them in our own country and under our own
eyes. To preserve them must be as necessary as to
institute them. If, in the opinion of the people, the
distribution or modification of tho constitutional
powers be in any particular wrong, let it be corrected
by an amendment in the way which the Constitution
designates. But let thero be no change by usurpa-
tion ; for though this, in one instance, may be tho in-
strument of good,itis the customary weapon by which
free governments are destroyed. The precedent
must always greatly overbalance, in permanent evil,
any paitial or transient benefit which the use can at
any time yield.
Of all the dispositions and habits which lead to
political prosperity religion and morality are indis-
pensable supports. In vain would that man claim
the tribute of patriotism who should labor to subvert
these great pillars of human happiness, these firmest
pi ops of the duties ot' men and citizens. Tho mere
politician, equally with the pious man, ought to re-
spect and to cherish them. A volume could not
trace all their connexions with private and public
felicity. Let it simply be asked, where is the security
lor property, for reputation, for life, if the sense of
religious obligation desert the oaths which arc the
instruments of investigation in courts of justice?
And let us with caution indulge the supposition
that morality can be maintained without relicion.
Whatever may bcconceded to the inJluenceof refined
education on minds of peculiar structure, reason and
experience both forbid us to expect that national
morality can prevail in exclusion of religious princi-
ples.
It is substantially true that virtue or morality is a
necessary spring of popular government. The rule,
indeed, extends with more or less force to every spe-
cies of free government. Who that is asineere friend
to it can look with indifieronce upon attempts to
shake the foundation of the fabric?
Promote, then, as an object of primary importance,
institutions for the general diffusion of knowledge.
In proportion as the structure of a Government gives
force to public opinion it is essential that public
opinion should be enlightened.
As a very important source of strength and secur-
ity cherish public credit. One method of preserv-
ing it is to use it as sparingly as possible ; avoiding
occasions of expense by cultivating peace, but re-
membering also that timely disbursements to pre-
pare for danger frequently prevent much greater
disbursements to repel it; avoiding, likewise, the
accumulation of debt, not only by shunning occa-
sions of expense, but by vigorous exertions in time
of peace to discharge the debts which unavoidable
wars may have occasioned; not ungenerously throw-
ing upon posterity the burden which we ourselves
ought to bear. The execution of these maxims be-
longs to our representatives, but it is necessary that
public opinion should cooperate. To facilitate to
them the performance of their duty it is essential
that you should practically bear m mind that to-
ward the payment of debts there must be revenue ;
that to have revenue there must be taxes; that no
taxes can bo devised which are not more or less
inconvenient and unpleasant; that the intrinsic em-
barrassment inseparable trom tho selection of the
proper objects (which is always a choice 01 ditiicdi
ties) ought to be a decisive motive for a candid con-
struction of the conduct of tho Government in
making it, and for a spirit of acquiescence in the
measures for obtaining revenue which the public
exigencies may at any time dictate.
Observe good faith and justice toward all nations;
cultivate peace and harmony with all; religion and
morality enjoin this conduct; and can it be that good
policy does not equally enjoinit? Itwillbeworthyof
a free, enlightened, and, at no distant period, a great
nation, to give to mankind the magnanimous and too
novel example of a people always guided by an ex-
alted justice and benevolence, who could doubt
that, in the course of time and things, the fruits of
such a plan would richly repay any temporary ad-
vantages which might be lost by a steady adherence
to it? Can it be that Providence has not connected
the permanent felicity of a nation with its virtue?
The experiment, at least, is recommended by every
sentiment which onnobles human nature. Alas lis
it rendered impossible by its vices?
In the execution of such a plan nothing is moro
essential than that permanent inveterate antipathies
against particular nations and passionate attach-
ments for others should be excluded; and that, in
place ot them, just and amicable feelings toward all
should be cultivated. Tho nation which indulges
toward another an habitual hatred or an habitual
fondness is, in some degree, a slave. It is a slave to
its animosity or to its affection, either of which is
sufficient to lead it astray from its duty and its inter-
est. Antipathy in one nation against another dis-
poses each more readily to offer insult and injury,
to lay hold of slight causes of umbrage, and to be
haughty and intractable when accidental or trilling
occasions of dispute occur. Hence frequent collis-
ions, obstinate, envenomed, and bloody contests.
The nation, prompted by ill-will and resentment,
sometimes impels to war the Government, contrary
to the best calculations of policy. Tho Government
sometimes participates in tho national propensity,
and adopts, through passion, what reason would re-
ject; at other times it makes the animosity ofthe
nation subservient to projects of hostility, instigated
by pride, ambition, and other sinister and pernicious
motives. The peace often, sometimes perhaps the
liberty, of nations has been the victim.
So, likewise, a passionate attachment of one nation
to another produces a variety .of evils. Sympathy
for the favorite nation, facilitating tho illusion of an
imaginary common interest in cases where no real
common interest exists and intusing into one the en-
mities ofthe other, betrays the formcrinto apartici-
pation in tho quarrels and wars of the latter, without
adoquate inducement or justification. It leads aldo
to concessions to the favorite nation of piivilcges
denied to others, which is apt doubly to injure the
nation making tho concessions; by unnecessarily
parting with what ought to have been retained, and
by exciting jealousy, ill-will, and a disposition to re-
taliate in the parties from whom equal privileges
aie withheld; and it gives to ambitious, corrupted,
01* deluded citizens (who devoto themselves to the
favorite nation) facility to betray or sacrifice tho
interest of their own country without odium, some-
times even with popularity; gilding with the ap-
pearance of a virtuous sense of obligation a com-
mendable deference for public opinion, or a laudable
zeal foi public good, the base or foolish compliances
of ambition, corruption, or inlahnftion..
As avenues to foreign influence in innumerable
ways such attachments are particularly alaiming to
tho truly enlightened and independent patriot. How
many opportunities do they afiord to tamper with
domestic factions, to practico the art of seduction, to
mislead public opinion, to influence oi awe the pub-
lic councils! tSuch an attachment of a smaller weak
toward a great and powerful nation dooms the former
to be the satellite of the latter.
Against tho insidious wiles of foreign influence—I
conjure you to believe me, fellow-citizens—the jeal-
ousy of a free people ought to be constantly awake,
since history and experience prove that foreign in-
fluence is one of the most baneful foes of republican
government. But that jealousy, to bo useful, must
be impartial; else it becomes the instrument of tne
very influenco to be avoided instead of a defense
against it. Excessive partiality for ono foreign na-
tion and excessive dislike for another cause those
whom they actuate to see danger only on one side,
and serve to veil, and even second, the arts of influ-
ence on the other. Ileal patriots who may resist the
intrigues of the favorite are liable to become sus-
pected and odious; while its tools and dupes usurp
the applause and confidence of tho people to surren-
der their interests.
Thegreatruleofconductforus in regard to foreign
nations is, in extending our commercial relations, to
have with them as little political connection as pos-
sible. So far as we have already formed engage-
ments, let them be fulfilled with peridot good faith.
Here let us stop.
Europe has a set of primary interests which to us
have none or a very remote relation. Hence she
must be engaged in frequent controversies, thecausos
of which are essentially foreign to our concerns.
Ilence, therefore, it must be unwise in us to impli-
cate ourselves by artificial ties in the ordinary vicis-
situdes of her politics or the ordinary combinations
and collisions of her friendships or enmities.
Our detached and distant situation invites and
enables us to pursue a different course. If we remain
one people, under an efficient Government, the period
is not far off when we may defy material injuryfrom
external annoyance; when we may take such an atti-
tude as will cause the neutrality we may at any time
resolve upon to be scrupulously respected; when bel-
ligerent nations, undor the impossibility of making
acquisitions upon us, will not lightly hazard the giv-
ing us provocation; when we may choose peace or
war as our interests? guided by justice, shall counsel.
Why forego the advantages of so peculiar a situa-
tion? Why quit our own to stand upon^ foreign
ground? Why, by interweaving our destiny with
that of any part of Europe, entangle our peace and
prosperity in the toils of .European ambition, rival-
ship, interest, humor, or caprice?
It is our true policy to steer clear of permanent
alliances with any portion of the foreign world; so
far, I mean, as we are now at liberty to do it; for let
mo not be understood as capable of patronizing infi-
delity to existing engagements. I hold the maxim
no less applicable to public than to private affairs,
that honesty is always tho best policy. I repeat it,
therefore, let those engagements beobserved in their
genuine sense. But in my opinion it is unnecessary
and would be unwise to extend them.
Taking care always to keep ourselves, by suitable
establishments, on a respectable defensive posture,
wo may safely trust to temporary alliances for ex-
traordinary emergencies.
Harmony and a liberal intercourse with ail nations
are recommended by policy, humanity, and interest.
But oven our commercial policy should hold an equal
and impartial hand, neither seeking nor granting
exclusive favors or preferences, consulting the nat-
ural course of things, diffusing and diversifying, by
gentle means, the streams of commerce, but forcing
nothing; establishing, with powers so disposed, in
order to give trade a stable course, to define the
rights of our merchants, and to enable the Govern-
ment to support them, conventional rules of inter-
course, the best that present circumstances and mu-
tual opinions will permit, but temporary and liablo
to be, from time to time, abandoned or varied, as
experience and circumstances shall dictate; con-
stantly keeping in view that it is lolly in one nation
to look for disinterested favors from another, that it
must pay, with a portion of its independence, for
whatever it may accept under that character; that
by such acceptance it may place itself in the condi-
tion of having given equivalents for nominal favors,
and yet of being reproached with ingratitude for not
giving more. There can be no greater error than to
expect or calculate upon real favors from nation to
nation. It is an allusion which experience must
cure, which a just pride ought to discard.
In offering to you, my countrymcn, these counsels
of an old and affectionate friend, I dare not hope
they will make tho strong and lasting impression I
could wish; that they will control the usual current
of tho passions or prevent our nation from running
the course which has hitherto marked tho destiny of
nations; but if I may even flatter myself that they
may be productive of some partial benefit, some occa-
sional good; that they may now and then recur to
moderate the fury of party spirit, to warn against tho
mischiefs of foreign intrigues, to guard against the
impostures of pretended patriotism, this hope will be
a full recompense for the solicitude for your welfare
by which they have been dictated.
How far, in the discharge of my official duties, I
have been guided by the principles which have been
delineated, the public records and other evidences
of my conduct must witness to you and the world.
To myself, the assurance of my own conscience is,
that 1 have at least believed myself to bo guided by
them. . . _
In relation to the still subsisting war in Europe,
my proclamation of the 22d of April, 1793, is the in-
dex to my plan. Sanctioned by your approving voice
and by that of your representatives in both Houses
of Congress, the spirit of that measure has continu-
ally governed me, uninfluenced by any attempts to
deter or divert me from it.
After deliberate examination, with the aid of the
best lights I could obtain, I was well satisfied that
our country, under all the circumstances ofthe case,
had a right to take, and was bound in duty and in-
terest to take, a neutral position. Having taken it,
I determined, as far as should depend upon me, to
maintain it with moderation, perseverance, and
firmness. .
The considerations which respect the right to hold
this conduct it is not necessary on this occasion to
detail. I will only observe that, according to my
understanding of the matter, that right, so far from
being denied by any of tho belligerent Powers, has
been virtually admitted by all. .
The duty of holding a neutral conduct may bo in-
ferred, without anything moro, from tho obligation
which justice and humanity impose on every nation,
in cases in which it is free to act, to maintain invio-
late the relations of peace and amity toward other
nations.
The inducements of interest, for observing that
conduct, will best be referred to your own reflections
and experience. With mc, a predominant motive
has been to endeavor to gain time to our country to
settle and mature its yet recent institutions, and to
progress, without interruption, to that degree oi
Ftrongth and consistency which is necessary to give
it, humanly speaking, tho command of its own for-
tunes. , „ „ . . .
Though inreviewing the incidents of my adminis-
tration, I am unconscious of intentional error ; I
am. nevertheless, too sensible ot my defects not to
think it probable that I may have committed many
errors. Whatever they may be, 1 fervently beseech
the Almighty to avert or mitigate the evils to which
they may tend. I shall also carry with me the hope
that my country will never cease to view them with
indulgence; and that, after forty-five years of my
life dedicated to its service with an upright zeal, tho
faults of incompetent abilities will be consigned to
oblivion, as myself must soon bo to the mansions of
^Kelying on its kindness in this, as in other things,
and actuated by that fervent love toward it which is
so natural to a man who views in it the native soil
of himself and his progenitors for several genera-
tions, I anticipate, with pleasing expectation, that
