1358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
retreat in which I promise myself to realize, without
alloy, the sweet enjoyment of partaking, in the midst
of my fellow-citizens, the benign influence of good
laws under a free Government—the ever favorite ob-
ject of my heart—and the happy reward, as I trust,
of our mutual cares, labors, and dangers.
, GEORGE WASHINGTON.
United States, 17th September, 1796.
Mr. INGERSOLL obtained the floor, and
yielded to
Mr. BEOO MALL. I move that after the
speech of the gentleman from Illinois, the
House take a recess until ten o'clock on Mon-
day morning.
Mr. PRUYN. I hope that will prevail.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] in his
remarks to-day, took especial pains to inform
this House and the country that the people
were in favor of and would sustain the Presi-
dent of the United States in his opposition to
the policy of Congress. He said the people
would sustain the Democratic party in their
opposition to the impeachment of the Presi-
dent proposed by the Committee on Recon-
struction. Now, I propose to take issue with
the gentleman. I wish to place upon the stand
a witness from Illinois. It is no other than our
honored and patriotic Governor, and one whose
statement upon this question will carry as much
weight, to say the least, as that of the gentle-
man from New York.
I now send to the Clerk to have road a tele-
gram from him received this day.
Mr. NIBLACK. How is that in order if
Washington's Farewell Address is not in
order?
The SPEAKER pro tempore, [Mr. Blaine
in the chair.] The Chair will withhold his
decision until it is read. [Laughter.]
Mr. NIBLACK. Why did yotx not do the
same thing when my colleague asked that the
Farewell Address should be read?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
knew its contents and could decide without
hearing it read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sprisgfield, Illinois,
Executive Department, February 22, 1SG8.
The usurpations of Andrew Johnson have created
a profound sensation in this State. Ilis last act is
the act ot a traitor. Ilis treason must be checked.
J he duty of Congress seems plain. The people of
Illinois attached to the Union, I firmly believe,
demand Ins impeachment, aud will heartily sustain
sucll action by our Congress. The peace of the coun-
try is not to bo trifled with by this presumptuous
demagogue. \Vo know tho national Congiess will
pioceed wisely and cautiously, but let it proceed.
Million* of loyal hearts are pan tins to stand by the
stars and stripes. Have no fear. All will be well.
Liberty and order will again triumph.
It. J. OGLUriliV, Governor.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
overrules the point of order raised by the gen-
tleman from Indiana.
Mr. NIBLACK. I expected as much.
[Laughter.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, the tel-
egram from the Governor of Illinois is but
the voice of tho loyal people of thewliolecoun-
try on this question. There has been grave
doubfs with regard to the policy and the right
of impeaching the President upon the facts as
presented heretofore. But, sir, at the present
hour I know of no man who loves his coun-
try more than party who will not pronounce a
verdict against the President, declaring him
guilty of a violation of the Constitution and of
the laws, for which act he deserves to be pre-
sented for trial before the high court of im-
peachment. And, sir, I shall, forone, be griev-
ously disappointed if, within ten days from this
time, honest old Ben Wade is not the Presi-
dent of the United States.
Air. PKUYN. I reckon you will be disap-
pointed.
Mr. INGERSOLL. It is possible, but not
probable.
Not more than ten days ought to bo con-
sumed in the trial of this case ; for there is
but one single issue, and the President has
been considerate enough to furnish the evi-
dence oI his guilt. And, sir, when that issue
shall have been tried and a true verdict ren-
dered, I expect to sec a degree of peace, secur-
ity, and confidence all over the length and
breadth of the land such as we have not seen
since two years ago this day, when Andrew
Johnson declared in effect that he had forever
separated himself from the party that had
given him power and position in this country,
and allied his political fortunes to that party
which he himself had denounced as being
composed of traitors and rebels, worthy of
nothing but to illustrate the odiousness of
treason and the condemnation of the loyal
people.
But, sir, painful as this duty is, much as I
regret the necessity that is now forced upon
Congress to take action on this question, it is
not to be postponed; we cannot avoid it. I
would much rather that the President should
have continued in the exercise of his office,
keeping lximself within the limits of the Con-
stitution and taking care that the laws be faith-
fully executed, until the expiration of his term,
than that this momentous issue should be
forced upon us. But, now that it has come,
forbearance ceases to be a virtue, and we have
either got to submit to his dictation and usurp-
ation, as though he were an absolute monarch,
or we have got to assert the supremacy of the
Constitution and the laws over the President,
and give him to understand that he is as amen-
able to the Constitution and to law as the hum-
blest citizen of this Republic, and thus vindi-
cate and sustain the fundamental principles of
our republican form of government. That is
all I desire to do.
I here admit freely that it is a painful duty
imposed upon me as a Representative to be
called upon to vote under the solemn obli-
gations of my oath for articles of impeach-
ment against the Chief Magistrate. I bear no
ill-will or malice toward the President. I am
actuated by no unworthy motive. I am act-
uated only by a high and conscientious sense of
duty. Heretofore, when this question was pre-
sented to this House, I voted no, for the reason
that I did not believe the evidence sustained the
charges ; neither did I believe that a convic-
tion would follow if the articles were adopted
and sent to the Senate. But here is a plain,
simple case, as I understand it. The Presi-
dent has, in my opinion, willfully violated the
letter and spirit of the Constitution, as well as
thetenure-ot'-office law. I hold that his offense
is complete, even if there had been no tenure-
of-ofiice law in existence, for under the Consti-
tution the President has no authority what-
ever, while the Senate is in session, to remove
a Cabinet officer or any other who has been
confirmed by the Senate in the manner in
which he has removed Mr. Stanton from the
Department of War. We do not need the
tenure-of-ofiice act in this case. The offense
of the President is complete independent of
that act,. There is no provision in the Con-
stitution giving to the President authority to
make removals at all; he has, however, exer-
cised that power upon the implication that the
power to appoint carries with it tho power to
remove. Upon this point I refer to the only
provision of the Constitution bearing upon this
subject, which is the second and third para-
graphs of section two of article two, which
reads as follows:
" He shall have power, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to make treaties, piovidedtwo
tllildft of the Senators present concur; and he shall
nominate, a.nd,byand with tlieadvieeandconsentof
the Senate, shall appoint embassadors, other public
ministers and consuls, judges of the Supreme Court,
and ^11 other officers of tho United Stales, whose ap-
pointments are not herein otherwise provided for. and
which shaft be established by law; but the Congress
may by law vest tho appointment of such inferior
officers as they think proper in the President alone, in
the courfs ofiaw, or in the licadsot Departments.
"The President shall have power to fill up all va-
cancies that may happen during the recess of the
Senate by granting commissions which shall expire
at the end of their next session."
I twill be seen that the Constitution expressly
confines the power of the President to appoint
in cases when the vacancy happens in the re-
cess of the Senate. There is no clause in the
Constitution giving the, President authority to
create a vacancy for his purposes or for any
purpose. He has no such authority. The
language of the Constitution is:
"The President shall have power to fill up all va-
cancies that may happen during tho recess of tho
Senate by eianting commissions which shall expire
at the end of their next session."
His power hath this extent, no more. This
is a wise and just limitation of that power,
Mr. ROSS. I would like to ask my col-
league if the President has the right to appoint
a Cabinet ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Most unquestionably
he has, with the consent of the Senate, and
not without, unless it be during the recess of
the Senate.
Mr, ROSS. Has Andrew Johnson ever
appointed a Secretary of War ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Why there can be no
issue made there. He has for more than two
years recognized Mr. Stanton as his Secretary
of War. President Johnson ha? a right, where
a vacancy exists, to nominate to the Senate a
Secretary of War, but he has no right to re-
move a Secretary whom he has recognized in
that office in order to create a vacancy, or for
any other purpose, during the session of the
Senate. Does my colleague hold that he has?
Mr. ROSS. I think every President has a
right to appoiut his Cabinet, and Andrew John-
son never lias appointed a Secretary of War.
Mr._ INGERSOLL. I hold that under the
Constitution, independent altogether of the
tenure-of-office law, in order to remove a Sec-
retary during the session of the Senate, the
President must send a nomination to the Sen-
ate and await the action of that body, and if
that nomination is confirmed the incumbent
vacates the office and his successor takes pos-
session; but if the nomination is rejected the
incumbent continues in office 
Mr. PRUYN. With the permission of the
gentleman, I would like to inquire how the
President could nominate if there were no va-
cancy ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. He does it by simply
sending a nomination to the Senate.
Mr. PRU"i N. Where there is no vacancy?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Of course, where there
is no vacancy, and where the term has not ex-
pired.
Mr. SCIIENCK. It is always done.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Certainly; there is no
exception to it.
Air. PRUYN. That implies a removal in
the first place.
Mr. INGERSOLL. No, sir: it does no such
thing.
Mr. PRUYN. The practice of the Govern-
ment has been uniform on that point from the
case that arose in Washington's day down to
this time. A vacancy is supposed to exist, or
the President cannot nominate.
Mr. SCHENOK. Oh, no.
Mt. INGERSOLL. That is not so, and never
was so. I will give the gentleman an illustra-
tion on this point., and could give him man v.
General \v lsewell was nominated to the Sen-
ate by the President perhaps a month ago ass
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, was he not ?
Air. I RU YN. 1 have been told so.
Mr. INGERSOLL. ell. it. is a fact. Now
who was exercising the functions of the office
at that time and is at this dav?
Mr. PRII'V N". I do not know.
Mr. I>< GERSOLL. Mr. Rollins is, and the
gentleman must know it.
H1'' ^ suppose he is.
Ai. INGERSOLL^ ell, there is a case
precisely in point. If the Senate confirms the
nomination of \Visewell—which I have no idea
they will do—then he takes his commission
and walks into that office, and Mr. Rollins
walks out, and not until then. If the Senate
reject lnm—as I think they will—Mr. Rollins
continues Commissioner us before, and so it is
with regard to every office under the Govern-
ment where a concurrence of the Senate is
required.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. Will the gen-
fjfmuii yield lor a question ?
