4430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
city of "Washington bo, and they arc hereby, author-
ized and directed to levy and collect a tax from the
property-holders of the city of Washington sufficient
to defray the expense ol lighting the avenue and
street lamps of said city with six-feet burners twenty-
One nights in each month, iioui duyk until daylignt,
and keep said lampcs so lighted each year.
Sec. 2. And be it farther resolved, That the Secre-
tary of tho Interior, for theUovernment of the Uni-
ted States, and the mayor and city councils oi the
city of Washington, for the city, bo, and they ore
hereby, authoiized and directed immediately upon
tlio passage of this joint resolution, severally, tocon-
tract with the Washington Gas-light Company (if
said eompany shall agree thereto! lor a term of
fifteen years 1'or the United States Government, and
for the city for such a term, not exceeding fifteen
years, as may be agreed upon, ior all the illuminat-
ing gas required in the city of Washington by the
United States, and for the avenue and street lamps
and public offices ot the city in the city of Washing-
ton, in accordance with tbeprovi ions of tlas jojnt
resolution, at the reduced prico of three dollars net
per thousand feet: Provided, however, Thatthcprice
paid under said contract shall at no time within said
term of fifteen yoara exceed the price charged by said
company to the citizens of Washington, and that the
quality of said illummntinggas shall not bo less than
fifteen candles standard: And provided further, That
the right is reserved to the United States and to the
mayor and city councils of Washington to annul the
contracts authorized hereby at any timo after ten
yonrs' by giving two yeais' notice.
Sec. 3. And be it further revolved, That tho mayor
and city councils of the city ot Washington be, and
they are hereby, authorized and directed to increase
from time to tune, as tho public good may require,
the number of street lamps on any of tho street?,
lanes, alloys, public ways, and giounds in tho city
of Washington, and to do any and oil things per-
taining to the well lighting ol the city, and to levy
and collect a tax. from thcpioperty holders therelor.
Skc. 4. And be it fuither resolved, That in tho event
of tho failure of the mayor and city councils to levy
and collect the tax herein authorized, or tolight the
said oity as herein directed, then the Secretary ot
the Interior be, and ho is hereby, authorized and
directed to levy a tax upon tho property of said city
and to collect the same, kufficiont to light said city
for tho curi ent year, and so ft om year to year, in cu e
of such failure of said mayor and city councils to
light as herein directed, and to fully execute tho
provisions of this joint resolution in tho place aud
stead of the said mayor and city councils.
Skc. 5. And be it further resolved That nothing
herein contained shall be construed to relieve the
said Washington Gas-light Company from paying the
internal revenue tax imposed by law,
Mr. KOONTZ. I will merely state that this
joint resolution, if passed and carried out, will
save, in the course of ten years, some two hun-
dred thousand dollars. The saving of expense
yearly in lighting the avenue and Four-and a-
half Street will probably be $o0,000. 1 pre-
sume there will be no objection to the passage
of the substitute.
The substitute was agreed to ; and the joint
resolution, as amended, was ordered to be read
a third time ; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. KOONTZ moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
remission of members* fines.
Mr. GETZ, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution ; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the fees and fines imposed upon
motnber3 of this House for being absent without
leave at the present session be remitted.
PATERSON SOLDIERS'MONUMENT ASSOCIATION.
Mr. HILL. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a joint resolution (H. 11. No. 358)
authorizing the Secretary of War to furnish
cannon to the soldiers' monument in Patcr-
son, .New Jersey.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will not
object to that, but there is a matter of public
business of such vast importance on the Speak-
er s table that I hope it will be acted upon at
once. It is the bill extending the revenue
laws to the Territory of Alaska.
The bill was read a first and second time,
was ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time; and being engrossed, it was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HILL moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now
hope, as a matter of public duty, we will pass
the bill of the Senate extending the revenue
laws to Alaska.
Mr. POMEROY. I call for the regular
order.
LAND GRANTS FOll RAILROADS.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
consideration of the motion pending at the re-
cess yesterday, made by the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Hopkins] on the 20th of Feb-
ruary last, to reconsider the vote by which the
bill (H. R. No. 707) to regulate the disposi-
: tion of lands that may be hereafter granted to
! aid in the construction of railways was re-
I committed.
j The motion to reconsider was agreed to, and
l tho motion to recommit was disagreed to; and
| the bill was brought before the House.
I The bill was ordered to bo engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HOPKINS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OltDKIl OF BUSINESS.
Mr. POMEROY. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. By the unanimous order of
the House until twelve o'clock to-day the House
will proceed to business on the Speaker's table.
Unless, therefore, by unanimous consent it is
otherwise ordered, the Chair will refuse to
receive conference reports until twelve o'clock.
MESSAGE JfltOM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed bills and a joint resolution of the House
of the following titles:
An act (II. R. No. 722) for the relief of
Sally G. Northrop ;
An act (II. R. No. 1322) for the relief of
Major F. 1<. Stevens, assistant paymaster Uni-
ted States Army;
An act (H. R. No. 834) for the relief of
Hon. George W. Bridges, a member of the
Thirty-Seventh Congress;
An act (H. R. No. 1355) for the relief of
Captain Thomas \V. Miller ;
An act (H. R. No. 1300) for the relief of
Captain A. G. Olivar ; and
Joint resolution (H. It. No. 269) giving the
assent ol the United States to the construction
of certain wharves in the harbor of Oswego.
New York.
The message further announced that the
Senate insisted on their disagreement to the
amendments of the House to the bill (S. No.
207) for funding the national debt, and for
i.he conversion of the notes of the United States,
agreed to the conference asked by the House
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses,
and had appointed Mr. Sherman, Mr. Morgan,
and Mr. VViu.iams conferees on the part of
the Senate.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the re-
poit of the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 939) to provide for an American line of
mail and emigrant passenger steamships be-
tween New York and one or more European
ports.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a bill (S. No. 575) to refer
the claim of Joseph Segar to the Court of
Claims, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested.
Mr. POMEROY. I demand the regular
order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the
regular order is demanded, I shall insist that
no business shall be done without a quorum.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I think we had better
harmonize matters.
Mr. POMEROY. I insist on tho regular
order of business on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. Any member will be
entitled to demand a division on any question,
which will disclose the absence of a quorum.
sale 03? hay is tiie district of columbia.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill of the Senate (S. No. 450) to reg-
ulate the sale of hay in the District of Columbia;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. WJSLKER. I ask that the bill be put
upon its passage.
The bill was read. It provides that all hay
and straw which may be sold by weight in the
District of Columbia shall be sold by the net
hundred, and every two thousand pounds net
weight shall be a ton.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
it was accordingly x'ead the third time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
a division on the passage of the bill.
The question was put; and there were—
ayes 30, noes G. No quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Orth and
Bingham were appointed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the
gentleman from New York will agree that we
bhall pass the Alaska bill, to which I referred
just now, after we get through with the Speak-
er's table at twelve o'clock, I will not insist
on a division.
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir.
Mr. O'NEILL. If I were the gentleman
from New York 1 would not yield to what ap-
pears to be obstinacy and nothing else. Let
the gentleman take the responsibility of break-
ing up a quorum if he chooses.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 46, noes (>. No quorum voting.
call of tiie house.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move that there be a
call of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was accoidingly called, and the
following members failed to answer to their
names :
Mctm-s. Adam5;, Anderson, Axtell, Baldwin. Barnes,
Benman, Benjamin, Benton, Blaine, Boles,
Bowei), Buyer. Brum well, Brooks, Bun, Cary, Chan-
lor, CI)moinl 1. Cook, Cornell, Dockery, Dodge, Don-
nelly, Esgle«ton, Kidvid^e, I\trnsworth, Kerry, Fin-
ney, Fox, (rlossbrenner, fioss. Gravely, G iswolfi,
Haight, Harding, Hawkins, lienton, Hot man, Hoteh-
kiss, Afeahel "W. llubbard, Richard D. Hubbard,
Hulburd, Humphrey, II unter, Johnson, Julian, Kel-
logg, Kitchen, Lash, George V. Lawrence, Logan,
Lynch, Marvin, McCarthy, McCormielt, Mnlcr,
Moorheud, Morrell, Movrissey, Mungen, Neweomb,
Newsham, Nicholson, Norris, Nuim, Pierce, Pike,
Plants, Poland, Price, Pruyn, Randall. Riuin, Rob-
ertson, Robinson, Roots, Kchenck, Selye, Sbella-
barger, Situroavcs, Smith, Thaddeus Stevens. Stew-
art, Stone, Sypher, Tiiffe. Taylor,Thomas,Twichell,
Upson. Van Auken, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van
Horn, Van Trump,Vulal, Cadwalader 0. Washburn,
Thomas Williams, William Williams, JamesF. Wil-
son, Wood, Woodbridge, and Woodward.
The SPEAKER. One hundred and four-
teen members have answered to their names.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that all further
proceedings in the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JUDD. I desire to state that my col-
league, Mr. Cook, is so unwell as to be unable
to attend this morning.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I would state that my
colleague, Mr. Noiiris, has been confined to
his bed by sickness for the past three days.
sale of iiay in the district.
The question recurred upon the passage of
Senate bill No. 4n0, to regulate the sale of hay
in the District of Columbia.
The bill was then passed.
Mi. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
I he latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. O'NEILL. I desire to ask a parlia-
mentary question. ^
The SPEAKER. The Chair will answer a
parliamentary question,
Mr. 0 NMLL. Tbfe House on yesterday
resolved to proceed to the consideration of
