2382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nothing multitudes rush thoughtlessly into the forest
and securetheirhomesteads. Soon alarge settlement
is formed. Roads become a necessity, but their lands
cannot be taxed to build them. Nothinscan bedone
except by voluntary contribution. A school-house
is needed; no tax can be levied to build it. A town-
ship government is organized, but it can raise no
funds to pay its officers. 'Ihey must serve for nothing
or not at all. Several towns are settled and a county
organized. It is even in ahorse situation than the
townships. No taxes can be levied, no necessary
public improvements made. Even under the present
homestead> law this exemption from taxation is found
to be a serious evil, a. source, in some towns, of great
inconvenience, which a largo portion of the home-
stead settlers would gladly see remedied.
rIf it is said that under this new policy some sys-
tem of taxation might be deviged, we admit the fact;
but, if we are correctly inionned, it is not provided
for and is not designed to be. If the principle of
taxation wero incorporated in the bill it would be
much loss objectionable, and yet wecould not favor it.
"Multitudes of men—perhaps we might say all
men—prefer te own in fee simplo the land on which
they build their houses and make their improve-
ments. Hence very many of those who take home-
steads under the present law 44 prove up" and pay
for the same as soon as they can raise the necessary
funds. They do not wait for the live yearsto expire.
They never feel quite at home, never feel quite satis-
fied with their situation, till they have their final
papers from headquarters. Why should thoso men
be prohibited from doing this?
"And, again, why should Mr. A and B, who wish
to settle in the new portions of the country, be pro-
hibited from purchasing land for their children, who
will soon be old enough to occupy it, and whom they
may wish to have near them? Where is tho harm
in this? Who is wronged thereby?
"A man with some capital would settlo, for in-
stance, in tho Traverse region. He wants a larger
farm than one hundred and sixty acres. And with
his energy and capital he would bo a valuable citi-
zen. He would give employment to poorer men, and
aid largely in developing the country. But tho law
says, 'No; you shall have no larger farm than your
neighbor, who has not so much as a yoke of oxen to
aid him in clearing up his land.' There maj be wis-
dom in this, but we do not see it. There are thou-
sands of farmers even in the heavily-timbered re-
gions ot the Northwest who have purchased and im-
proved largo tracts of land greatly to their own
interests and the general benefit of the communities
by which they are surrounded, and to tho injury of"
no human being.
"Land monopoly is an evil. We do not deny it.
But wo would not remedy it by resorting to a greater
evil. If the remedy is worse than tho disease, bet-
ter let the disease alone.
"The Government is generous, indeed, when it
throws open all its lands to the people and says,
'Seleotyour homes where you will;' but it is neither
generous nor just when it says, 4 You shall not. un-
der any circumstances, have more than one hundred
and sixty acres of the public domain. No matter to
how noble a purpose you would devote it, though
you would build mills or furnaces, though you would
found villages or institutions of learning, you shall
have no more land than your neighbor.' Away
with all such folly. We trust a Republican Congress
will find more important matters to occupy its atten-
tion than defining the size of a man's farm or pre-
scribing the kind of buildings he is to ercct thereon."
"A New Land Policy.—Mr. Julian, of Indiana,
has been pressing upon the attention of the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, of which he is ehaiiman, a bill
that provides for the withdrawal from sale of every
acre of Government land in the United States, and
that the same shall bo open to occupancy and settle-
ment under the homestead and preemption laws.
Under such a law no man could buy an acre ofland
of the Government, and he could only occupy, forhis
own use, one hundred and sixty acres. A measure*)f
una kind might not operate unfavorably in the prai-
rie States, but in the lumber and mineral regions it
would have a most injurious effeot. If one man or a
single company could secure but one hundred and
sixty acres of pine land in Michigan, and then be
compelled to run the chance of getting logs of the
actual settlers under the homestead act, not a mill
°f any size would be built in the State. The sup-
ply of logs would be too fickle and uncertain. As a
result, the price of lumber would be enormously in-
creased, and thoso who have pine lands enough al-
ready would reap a rich harvest. This result would
be inevitable under Mr. Julian's bill. And in the
iron mining region the result would be the same.
Largo iron works cannot be erected by a company
unless a sufficient tract of land can be secured to
furnish wood and charcoal for a. series of years. If
only one hundred and sixty acres could be got hold
of, and no title obtained t« that until after several
years ot occupancy and improYement., this great and
important interest would be seriously checked and
remain undeveloped for a. long time in the newer por-
tions of the country. Men, in their devotion to an
idea, which may be good enough in itself, are apt to
lose sight of other considerations equally important
to the welfare, progress, and prosperity of the coun-
try in all its varied interests. There is no congres-
sional disirict in the Union so deeply interested in
this question as the one Mr. Driggs represents; and
Mr. IfEitKy's, perhaps, comes next."
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
say, with the consent of the gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Driggs,] that both those arti-
cles just read proceed upon a misstatement of
facts, which I desire to correct. The bill be-
fore the House recognises both the homestead
and the preemption laws of the United States,
and under the latter any man can, if be chooses
to avail himself of its provisions, acquire three
hundred and twenty acres of land. All that is
said in those articles as to the restriction to
one hundred and sixty acres is misapplied as
an argument.
Mr. I)BIGGS. A man can take the quan-
tity named by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Julian,] provided he can get it in ad-
joining sections, not otherwise; and very fre-
quently this cannot be done.
Mr. Speaker, the articles just read by the
Clerk express the almost universal sentiment
of the people in the timber sections of the
country. ]n mineral regions they require a
large amount of wood for blast furnaces and
smelting works, and as the timber is small and
very little hard wood grows in that high north-
ern latitude of Lake Superior, thousands of
acres are required every year-to furnish a sup-
ply for these purposes. Besides this, the land
is of volcanic formation and rocky where not
composed of sand deposits, and hGuce gen-
erally unfitted for agriculture. But if every
aero was good farming land and should all be
entered under the homestead law, not one cord
of the wood could be removed and sold by the
preiSmptor ufStil the expiration of five years
from the date of entry, as that law does not
allow any timber to be cut and removed until
final patents are granted. In some cases it
would no doubt be done, but it would be in
violation of law, and I do not believe the law
would be thus violated in a sufficient number
of instances to furnish the wood from thou-
sands of acres of land, annually, for the pro-
duction of the iron and copper of Lake Supe-
rior. If it would be it is qaite questionable,
in my mind, whether Congress ought to pass
laws designed or inevitably tending to produce
such results.
Mr. Speaker, Congress has, by refusing to
adequately protect the copper interest of this
country against foreign competition, ruined
this great national product and brought star-
vation to the very doors of hundreds of the
miners of Lake Superior. The last papers
from that distant part of my district bring the
sad news of the closing up of several of the
principal stamp mills, throwing hundreds of
men out of employment, who, in the dead of
winter, are entirely destitute of means to sup-
ply their families with the necessities of life.
These men, under the strong demands of na-
ture, have threatened to sack the stores of
Houghton and Hancock, and have only been
prevented by the kind liberality of the citizens,
who, by subscriptions and short employment,
at reduced wages, have kept their families from
starving. Yet, instead of passing measures for
the relief of this and other important American
products by suitable duties ou foreign import-
ations, all kinds of schemes are devised and
bills introduced to further cripple and embar-
rass them.
There is no necessity for the passage of this
bill; every foot of the public lands are open to
the operation of the homestead law now, and
any one who desires can enter lands under it;
then why should Congress prevent by law any
who desire from buying land and paying for
it,, instead of waiting five years for a title, as
they are required to do under the homestead
law. There is no necessity for it, unless it
exists in a desire on the part of some gentle-
men to be known as the special friends of
the poor by the introduction of eight hour la-
bor bills, and bills to secure " homes for the
homeless and iands for the landless," when
more adequate and munificent laws for that
purpose have been passed by Congress, than
ever before passed by any Government on the
globe; ample enough for all who desire free
homes for an hundred years to come. Instead
of passing such measures as the eight hour
bill, and the one under consideration, it would
be much better to turn our attention to a re-
duction of the internal revenue taxes; to a
proper protection of American industry by an
increased duty on competing foreigu importa-
tions; by rigid economy in all public expend-
itures, and by recommending to the whole
people of the country economy and industry
in every position until our national debt is
paid. And to that end, for all of us to work
in whatever calling we may find ourselves en-
gaged, twelve hours a day, instead of reducing
them from ten hours to eight, until, by a reduc-
tion of the debt and taxes, we can resume our
former ease.
These, Mr. Speaker, ase my views in refer-
ence to these extraordinary measures intro-
duced in the present extraordinary condition of
the country and its finances. The people under-
stand these questions and what we are doing.
They know that the receipts from the sale of
the public lands keep their taxes down just so
much. They want all the resources of the Gov-
ernment to be protected, and Congress not to
give away its means of  evenue fifty years in
advance of any necessity. What they need is
to have Congress lighten their burdens of tax-
ation as far as possible and consistent. They
want, and will have, protection to American
industry against a ruinous foreign competition.
Such full and ample protection it is our duty
to give them. In conclusion I will say that
when the nation is out of debt I for one am
willing not only to give away every foot of
Government land to the poor who will settle
upon and improve it., but if they ne&d it, and
we can afford it, I would give them the means
to build a house and barn upon the land, and
to stock it also; but 1 do not think we are in a
condition to do it now.
Since preparing the estimated value of man-
ufactured lumber in my State for a single year
I have received the statistics of lumber pub-
lished in the Saginaw Enterprise; and by these
figures I find that my estimates are entirely
too low, there being manufactured about fif-
teen hundred million feet of pine, instead of
twelve hundred millions; and the price has
averaged fifteen instead of fourteen dollars per
thousand feet, amounting to $22,500,000; the
value of staves, shingles, timber, lath, &c.,
amounting to at least $7,GOO,000, making the
aggregate value of lumber produced in a single
year §30,000,000. Now, sir, it has been my
purpose to show and to prove to the House that
the passage of this bill will go far to strike down
this material and vital interest of my State and
district; and if gentlemen will keep in view
the facts in the case I am confident they will
see that I am correct.
The gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Jcliax,]
in his remarks the other day, quoted the opin-
ions of several distinguished gentlemen to prove
that land monopolies have worked a great, injury
to the people of England, Prance, and Ger-
many ; and it seemed to be his chief object to
prove that there is immediate danger of asitnilar
evil in this country. Now, Mr. Speaker, this
is a great mistake. There is no danger at all
of such results in this country. As I have
shown, there is land enough for two hundred
years; and besides this, there can be at present
no more speculation in lands than in horses,
mules, or any other species of property. Why
not? Because, sir, there are so many million
acres subject to entry under the homestead law
that an extravagant price cannot be demanded
or secured for private lands. But I am not
opposed to such legislation as is necessaYv to
secure lands for all who desire to cultivate the
soil at the lowest price. I do, however, con-
tend that our land policy is ample and liberal in
the extreme for all honest poor. Mr. Speaker,
next to air and water, there is no gift of God
to man as cheap as the public lands of the
United States. Why. sir, all the Government
demands for any of its broad acres is abottt
the cost of surveys and the expense of giving
title; and under the homestead law it only
costs twelve dollars for a farm.
l mi ''1 ?e"^em'ln has now in his possession a
bill which has passed the Committee on Public
Lands to allow all soldiers who desire to enter
lands under the homestead law to do so with-
out paying even the ten dollars to the Govern-
meut as now required.
