SUPPLEMENT TO
the fashion of neighboring anarchies, and to
convert a land of freedom into a land of slaves.
This people spurned the traitors, and have put
the chief of them upon his trial, and demand
judgment upon his misconduct. He will be
condemned, and his sentence inflicted without
turmoil, tumult, or bloodshed, and the nation
will continue its accustomed course of freedom
and prosperity without the shedding any further
of human blood and with a milder punishment
than the world has been accustomed to see, or
perhaps than ought now to be inflicted.
Now, even if the pretext of the President
were true and not a more subterfuge to justify
the chief act of violation with which he stands
charged, still that would be such an abuse of
the patronage of the Government as would
demand his impeachment for a high misde-
meanor. Let us again for a moment examine
into some of the circumstances of that act.
Mr. Stanton was appointed Secretary of War
by Mr. Lincoln in 1802, and continued to hold
under, Mv. Johnson, which, by all usage, is
considered a reappointment. Was Iiealaith-
ful officer, or was he removed for corrupt pur-
poses ? After the death of Mr. Lincoln, An-
drew Johnson had changed his wholo code of
politics anil policy, and instead of obeying the
will of those who put him into power ho de-
termined to create a party for himself to carry
out his own ambitious purposes. For every
honest purpose of Government, and for every
honest purpose for which Mr. Stanton was ap-
pointed by Mr. Lincoln, where could a better
man be, found ? None ever organized an army
of a million of men and provided for its sub-
sistence and efficient action more rapidly than
Mr. Stanton and his predecessor.
It might, with more propriety, be said of this
Officer than of the celebrated Frenchman, that
he "organized victory." lie raised and by
his requisitions distributed more than a billion
dollars annually, without ever having been
charged or suspected with the misappropria-
tion of a single dollar; and when victory
crowned his efforts ho disbanded that immense
Armyas quietly and peacefully as if it had boon
a summer parade, lie would not, I suppose,
adopt the personal views of the President;
and for this he was suspended until restored
by the emphatic verdict of the Senate. Noiv,
if we are right in our narrative of the conduct
of these parties and the motives of the Presi-
dent, the very effort at removal was a high-
handed usurpation as well as a corrupt misde-
meanor for which of itself he ought to be im-
peached and thrown from the placc he was
abusing. But he says that he did not remove
Mr. Stanton for the purpose of defeating the
tenore-of-office law. Then he forgot the truth
in his controversy with the General of the
Army. And because the General did not aid
him, and finally admit that he had agreed to
aid him in resisting that law, lie railed upon
him like a very drab.
The counsel for the respondent allege that
no removal of Mr. Stanton ever took place,
and that therefore the sixth section of the act,
was not violated. They admit that there was
an order of removal and a reeision of his com-
mission j but as he did not obey it, they say it was
no removal. That suggests the old saying that
it used to be thought, that "when the brains
were out the man was dead." That idea is
j)roved by learned counsel to be absolutely
fallacious. The brain of Mr. Stanton's com-
mission was taken out by the order of removal—
the recision of his commission—and his head
was absolutely cut off by that, gallant soldier,
General Thomas, the night after the masque-
rade. And yet, according to the learned and
delicate counsel, until the mortal remains,
everything which could putrity, was shoveled
out and hauled into the muck-yard there was
no removal. But it is said that this took place
merely as an experiment to make a judicial
case. Now, suppose there is anybody who,
with the facts before him, can believe that this
was not au afterthought, let us see if that pal-
liates the offense.
The President is sworn to take care that the
laws be faithfully executed. In what part of
the Constitution or laws does be find it to be
his duty to search out for defective laws that
stand recorded upon the statutes in order that
he may advise their infraction? Who was
aggrieved by the tenure-of-office bill that he
was authorized to use the name and the funds
of the Government to relieve? Will he be so
good as to tell us by what authority he became
the obstructor of an unrepealed law instead of
its executor, especially a law whose constitu-
tionality he had twice tested? If there were
nothing else than his own statement he de-
serves the contempt of the American people,
and the punishment of its highest tribunal. If
lie were not willing to execute the laws passed
by the American Congress and unrepealed,
let him resign the office which was thrown
upon him by a horrible convulsion and retire
to his village obscurity. Let him not be so
swollen by pride and arrogance, which sprang
from the deep misfortune of his country, as to
attempt an entire revolution of its internal
machinery, and the disgrace of the trusted
servants of his lamented predecessor.
The gentleman [Mr. Groesbeek] in his pero-
ration on Saturday implored the sympathy of
the Senate with all the eleganco and pathos of
a Roman Senator pleading for virtue ; and it is
to bo feared that his grace and eloquence turned
the attention of the Senate upon the orator
rather than upen the accused. Had he been
pleading for innocence his great powers would
have been well exerted. Had he been arguing
with equal eloquence before a Itoman Senate
for such a delinquent, and Cato, the Censor,
had been one of the judges, his client would
have soon found himself in the smcks in the
middle of the forum instead of receiving the
sympathy of a virtuous and patriotic audience.
[Mr. Manager Stevens read a portion of
his argument standing at the Secretary's desk;
but after proceeding a few minutes, being too
feeble to stand, obtained permission to take a
scat, and having read nearly half an hour from
a chair until his voice became almost too weak
to be heard, handed over his manuscript to Mr.
Manager iitm.Eit, who concluded the reading.]
Hon. THOMAS WILLIAMS, one of the
Managers on behalf of the House of Repre-
sentatives, next addressed the Senate as fol-
lows :
Mr. PUEStDKNT amd SENATORS of tub Ust-
tf.o Stains : Not unused to the conflicts of
(he forum 1 appear in your presence to-day
in obedience to the command of the Represent-
atives of the American people, under a sense
| of responsibility which I have never felt before.
I This august tribunal whose judges are the elect
! of mighty provinces—the presence at your bar
of the Representatives of a domain that rivals
in extent the dominion of the Ctcsars, and of a
civilization that transcends any that the world
has ever seen, to demand judgment upon the
high delinquent whom they have arraigned in
| the name of the American people for high
| crimes and misdemeanors against the State,
| the dignity of the delinquent himself, a king
i in everything but the name and paraphernalia
and inheritance of royalty, these crowded gal-
i leries, and, more than all, that greater world
outside whieli stands on tiptoe as it strains its
ears to catch from the clcctrie messenger the
first tidings of a verdict which is cither to send
a thrill of joy through an afflicted land, or to
rack it anew with the throes of anarchy and
the convulsions of detqiair, all remind me of
the coliossal proportions of the issue you are
assembled to tiy. I cannot but remember,
too, that the scene before me is without ex-
ample or parallel in human history. Kings, it is
tine, have been uncrowned, and royal heads have
fallen upon the scaffold ; but in two single in-
stances only, as I think, have the formalities of
law been ostensibly invoked to give a coloring
of order and of justice to the bloody tragedy. It
is only in this free land that a constitutional tri-
bunal has been charged for the first time with
the sublime task of vindicating an outraged
law against the highest of its ministers, and
passing judgment upon the question whether
the ruler of a nation shall be stripped, uuder
the law and without shock or violence, of the
power which he has abused.
This great occasion was not sought by us.
The world will bear the Representatives of the
people witness that they have not come here
for light and transient causes, but for the reason
only that this issue has been forced upon them
by a long series of bold assumptions of power
on the part of the Executive, following each
other with almost the blazing and blinding
continuity of the lightning of the tropics, and
culminating at last in a mortal challenge, which
in the defense of their constitutional power
as a branch of the American Congress, aud as
faithful sentinels over the liberties of the peo-
ple, it was impossible for them to decline.
With the first, open defiance of the legislative
will they were left, of course, with no alterna-
tive but to abdicate their rule or to vindicate
their right to make the law and see that it was
obeyed. To this imperious necessity the peo-
ple, in whose name they speak—a branch of
that race whose quick sensibility to public
danger has ever kept a sleepless vigil over its
liberties—have yielded at last with a reluc-
tance which nothing but the weariness of civil
strife, the natural longing for repose, the ap-
prehensive sense that it was "better, per-
haps, to bear the ills we had than fly to others'
that we knew not of"—the reflection that this
Administration must have an end, and above
all, perhaps, the delusive hope that its law-
defying head himself would ultimately submit
to a necessity which was as strong as fate,
could have brought about, or would have, per-
haps, excused. He has misunderstood their
reasons, as his counsel show that they do now,
mistaken their temper, and presumed upon
their forbearance. He has forgotten that there
was a point at which the conflict must end in
the shock of two opposing forces, and the over-
throw of one or other of the antagonistic ele-
ments. It was necessary, perhaps, in the order
of Providence that he should reach that point
by striking such a blow at the public liberties
as should awaken the people as with an earth-
quake shock to the consciousness that the
toleiation of usurpation brings no security to
nations.
To show, however, how much they have
borne and forborne, perhaps forgiven, for the
sake of peace, and how much they now pass
over for the sake of a speedy solution of the
impending trouble which has impeded the on-
ward and npward movement of this great Gov-
ernment, and spread confusion and disorder
through many of its Departments, and what,
moreover, is the true import and significance
of the acts for which the President is now
arraigned, I must be allowed, with your indul-
gence, to take up for a moment the key which
is required to unlock the mysteries of the posi-
tion. The man who supposes that this is but
a question of the removal of an obnoxious
officer, a mere private quarrel between two
belligerents at the other end of the avenue,
wherein it is of no great national consequence
which of the opposing parlies shall prevail,
has no adequate apprehension of the gravity
of the case, and greatly disparages the position
and the motives of the high accusers. The
House of Representatives espouses no man's
quarrel, however considerable he may be. It
has but singled out from many others of equal
weight the facts now charged, as facts for the
most part of recent occurrence, of great noto-
riety, and of easy proof, by way of testing a
much greater question without loss of time.
The i«sne here is between two mightier antag-
onists, one the Chief Executive Magistrate of
this nation and the other the people of the
United States, for whom the Secretary of War
now holds almost the only strong position
of which they have not been dispossessed, it
is hut a renewal on American soil of the old
battle between the royal prerogative and the
