1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4481
business on the Speaker's table at half past
ten o'clock this morning. Sow, I am in favor
of going on with that business until it is com-
pleted. I would, therefoie, ask whether after
twelve o'clock today, when the session of Sat-
urday shall have commenced, the House can
then proceed with and finish the business on
the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will rule upon
that question, if tlien raised, when the hour of
twelve o'clock shall have arrived.
BOUNTIES TO COLORED SOLDIERS.
Mr. COBB, by unanimous consent, from tlie
select committee appointed to investigate tlie
affairs of the pay department, submitted a re-
port in part upon a special matter investigated
by them at the request of the Secretary of the
Treasury, in relation to the payment of bounties
to colored soldiers; which report was ordered
to be printed and recommitted.
LINCOLN TERRITORY.
Mr. MULLINS, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back adversely from the Committee oh
the Teriitories House bill No. 86, providing a
territoiial government for Lincoln Territory;
which was laid on the table.
TAX OX EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTIONS.
Mr. CULLOM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (ti. R. No. 1452) to repeal sec-
tion one hundred and thirty-six of the act of
June 30. 1804, entitled l-An act to provide
ways and means for the support of the Govern-
ment, and for other purposes which was read
a lirst and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
WILLIAM GRANT POWERS.
Mr. 1NGEIASOLL. I hold in my hand a
small bill of eight or ten lines, providing for
the admission ot an insane person to the insane
as)lum of this District. His name is William
Giant Powers, and he is the son of the late
Rev. Giant Powers, who died, leaving Mrs.
Eliza Li. Powers, las wife, without property, with
six children to maintain and educate. Her son,
Will.am Grant Powers, became insane from
overwork the hot days in June, 1851, and has
since been entirely dependent upon the exer-
tions of his mother for his support in an asylum.
He is now in the asylum in Concord, New
Hampshire, and is incurable. Mrs. E. II.
Powers devoted herself to the comfort of the
sick and wounded soldiers of our Army for
three years, from May, 1861. She was one of
the agents of the United States Sanitary Com-
mission, and collected in the town where she
lived, in New Jersey, §10,000 in money by her
own personal application and superintended the
making of twenty-one thousand hospital arti-
cles. This money and these hospital articles
she sent and distributed to our soldiers. In
camp and hospital, at home and abroad, for
three years, until her health totally failed,
Mrs. Powers is now nearly sixty-six years old,
and works daily in the Department, but finds
with her utmost exertions that she cannot
longer maintain her insane son in an asylum.
She theiel'ore asks lie may be admitted free
into the Hospital for the Insane in the District
of Columbia, where she now resides. William
G. Powers became insane before he was tweuty-
one years old, therefore must take the domicile
of his mother.
1 ask unanimous consent to introduce a bill
for the purpose I have indicated, to bo con-
sidered at this time.
No objection was made.
Accordingly a bill (H. R. No. 1453) for the
relief of William Grant Powers was introduced,
and read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to admit into the Govern-
ment Hospital for the Insane in the District of
Columbia William Grant Powers, an insane
person, sou of Mrs. Eliza H. Powers, widow,
and an employ^ under the Government.
- The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
j and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
i was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
I Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
! vote by which the bill was passed; and also
I moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
I on the table.
j1 The latter motion was agreed to.
j' FOURTEENTH AMENDMENT TO CONSTITUTION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House joint resolutions of the
| Legislature of Georgia, ratifying the fourteenth
| amendment to the Constitution of the United
j States and accepting conditions proposed by
! Congress; which were referred to the Com-
| mittee on Reconstruction,
j NATIONAL CURRENCY.
j The House resumed the consideration of
J business upon the Speaker's table.
The next business was Senate bill No. 440,
■supplementary to an act entitled "An act to
provide a national currency, secured by a
pledge of United States bonds, and to provide
for the circulation and redemption thereof,"
approved June 3, 1864; which was taken up,
and read a first and second time.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Banking and
Currency.
The motion was agreed to.
APPEALS AND WHITS OF ERROR.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 472, supplementary to an
act entitled ''An act to allow the United States
to prosecute appeals and writs of error with-
out giving securitywhich was taken up, and
read a first and second time.
The question was upon the third reading of
the bill.
The bill, which was read, proposes to extend
the provisions of the act entitled "An act to
allow the United States to prosecute appeals
and writs of error without giving security,"
approved February 21, 1863, to writs of error,
appeals, or other process in law, admiralty, or
equity, issuing from, or brought up to, a circuit
court of the United States.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think this bill should
be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to amend byadd-
ing as a new section what is in substance a bill
which has already passed the Senate, and
which I send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 2. A nd be it further enacted, That any corpo-
ration or any member thereof, other than a banking
corporation, organized under a law of l.he United
States, and against which a suit at law or in equity
lias been or may be commenced in any court other
than a circuit or district court of the United States,
may have such suit removedfromthocourtinwhich
it may be pending to the proper circuit or district
court of the United States, lor any liability oralleged
liability of such corporation or any member thereof
as such member upon tiling a petition therefor, veri-
fied by oath, either belore or alter "is^ue joined, stat-
ing that they have a defense arising under or by
virtue of the Constitution of the United States, or any
treaty or law of the United States, and offering good
and sufficient surety lorenteringin such court oil the
first day of its session, copies of all processes, plead-
ings, depositions, testimony, and other proceedings
in said suit, and doing such other appropriate acts
as are required to be done by the act entitled "An
act for the removal of causes in c rtain cases from
State courts," approved July 27, 18b6; andit shall
betlieieupon the duty of tho court to accept the
surety and proceed no further in the suit; and the
saidcipies being entered as aforesaid in such court
of the United States, tho suit shall then proceed in
the same mariner as if it bad been brought there by
original process, and all the provisions of said act ill
this section referred to, respecting any bail, attach-
ment, injunction, or other lcstraining process, and
respecting any bond of indemnity or other obliga-
tion, given upon the issuing or granting of any at-
tachment, injunction, or otner restraining process,
shall apply with like force and effect in all respects
to similar matters, process or things in the suits for
tho removal of which this aet provides.
Mr. MAYNARD. In deference to the opin-
ion of other gentlemen, rather thun my own
judgment, I withdraw my objection to the con-
sideration of the bill now.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
say that the amendment offered by me has, as
a separate bill, passed the Senate of the Uni-
ted States. The amendment which I offer 1
have no doubt is a provision in which the Gov-
ernment of the United States is as deeply
interested as any corporation or corporator of
the United States. It concerns the interests
of the whole country; and if it was deemed
important for the public interests, as it cer-
tainly was, by the representatives of the people
in Congress assembled to create these eorpo-
j rate trusts, it is certainly important to protect
them in the courts of the United States. I
hope that the amendment will be adopted and
the bill passed.
Mr. MARSHALL. When this bill was read
I attempted to get the floor for the purpose of
moving its reference to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. As soon as the title was
read, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham]
obtained the floor and moved his amendment.
Mr. MARSHALL. My reason for desiring
the reference of the bill is that I think a meas-
ure of this importance ought not to be passed
without a reference to some committee of this
House. It must change very radically the
legislation of the country.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to say, in reply to
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Marshall,]
that, this bill does not, as the gentleman says,
" change very radically the legislation of this
country ;" but it makes the general legislation
of this country which has been in force ever
since the organization of this Government,
applicable to these corporations established by
1 your own laws. The general principle of the
judiciary legislation of this country has been
that rights accruing under the laws of the
United States were cognizable in the courts of
the United States ; but it so happens that the
general legislation of the country does not
cover all classes of cases arising under the
modern legislation by which you have invested
large amounts of the public moneys and large
quantities of the public lands in public im-
provements. I submit that the amendment
proposed by me, and which has already been
passed by the Senate without, as I understand,
any objection, is entirely consistent with all
our legislation, past and present.
I call the previous question.
Mr. ROSS. I move that the bill and amend-
ments be laid on the table. I do not think it
respectful to the Committee on the Judiciary
that such a bill as this should be passed with-
out a reference to that committee.
Mr. BINGHAM. I disclaim any want of
respect to the committee.
The motion of Mr. Ross was not agreed to;
there being—ayes 13, noes 95.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The amend mentof'Mr. Bingham was adopted.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to amend the title
of the bill by adding the words, "and for
other purposes."
The amendment was agreed to.
JONATHAN S. TURNER.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was joint resolution (S. R. No. 147) for the
relief of Jonathan S. Turner ; which was read
a first and second time.
The preamble recites that Jonathan S. Tur-
ner, of Fair Haven, in the county of New
Haven and State of Connecticut, obtained let-
ters-patent of the United States for an improve-
ment in alarm-clocks, dated July 13, 18o2;
that he did, on oraboutthe 27th day of Decem-
ber, 1865, file in the Patent Office his petition
or application for an extension of the term, in
accordance with the provisions of the eighteenth
section of the patent aet, approved July 4,
1836, aad complied with all the requirements
of the rules and laws applicable thereto, except
