THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
privileges of the Commons, which was closed
in England with the reigns of the Stuarts—a
struggle for the mastery between a temporary
Executive and the legislative power of a free
State over the most momentous question that
has ever challenged the attention of a people.
The counsel for the President, reflecting, of
coarse, the views of their employer, would Imve
you to believe that the removal of a depart-
mental head is an affair of State too small to be
worthy of such an avenger as this which we pro-
pose. Standing alone, stripped of all the at-
tendant circumstances that explain the act and
show the deadly animus by which it was in-
spired, it is not improbable that there are some
who might have been induced to think, with
them, that a remedy so extreme as this was
more than adequate. It is only under the light
shed upon the particular issue by antecedent
facts which have now passed into history that
the giant proportions of this controversy can
be fully seen, if they are not made sufficiently
apparent now by the defiant tone of the Presi-
dent and the formidable pretensions set up by
him in his thoughtfully considered and pain-
fully elaborated plea.
The not irrelevant question "Who is An-
drew Johnson?" has been asked by one of
his counsel, as it has often been by himself,
and answered in the same way, by show-
ing who he was and what he had done before
the people of the loyal States so generously
intrustedhim with that contingent power which
was made absolute only for the advantage of
defeated and discomforted treason by the mur-
derous pistol of an assassin. I will not stop
now to inquire asto scenes enacted on this floor
so eloquently rehearsed by the counsel for the
President, with two pictures of so opposite a
character before me, or even to inquire whether
his resistance to the hegira of the southern Sen-
atorswas not merely a question, himself being
the witness, as to the propriety and wisdom of
such a step at that particular time. The oppor-
tunity occurs just here to answer it as it is put,
by showing who Andrew Johnson is, and what he
hasbeen since the unhappy hour of that improvi-
dent and unreflectinggil't. Eltcu! quanlumviula-
tus ab illo ! Alas, how changed, how fallen from
that high estate that won for him the support
of a too confiding people! Would that it could
have been said of him as of that apostate spirit
who was hurled in hideous ruin and combus-
tion down from Heaverrs crystal battlements,
that even in his f'allhe " had not yet lost all his
original brightness nor appeared less than Arch-
angel ruined.''
The master-key to the whole history of his
administration, which has involved not a mere
harmless difference of opinion, as one of his
counsel seems to think, on a question where
gentlemen might afford to disagree without a
quarrel, but one long and unseemly struggle by
the Executive against the legislative power, is
to be found in the fact of an early and persist-
ent purpose of forcing the rebel States into the
Union by means of his executive authority, in
the interests of the men who had lifted their
parricidal hands against it, on terms dictated
by himself, and in defiance of the will of the
loyal people of the United States as declared
through their Representatives. To accomplish
this object, how much has he not done and how
much has a long-suffering people not passed
over without punishment and almost without
rebuke? Let history, let your public records,
which are the only authentic materials of his-
tory, answer, and they will say that—
For this, instead of convening the Congress
in the most, momentous crisis of the State,
he had issued his royal proclamations for the
assembling of conventions and the erection of
State governments, prescribing the qualifica-
tion of the voters, and settling the conditions
of their admission into the Union.
For this he had created offices unknown to
the law, and filled them with men notoriously
disqualified by law, at salaries fixed by his own
mere will.
For this he had paid those officers in con-
temptuous dis.reguard of law, and paid them,
too. out of the contingent fund of one of the
Departments of the Government,
For this he had supplied the expenses of
his new governments by turning over to them
the spoils of the dead confederacy, and author-
izing his satraps to levy taxes from the con-
quered people.
For this he had passed away unnumbered
millions of the public property to rebel rail-
road companies without consideration, or sold
it to them in clear violation of law, on long
credits, at a valuation of his own and without
any security whatever.
For this he had stripped the Bureau of Freed-
men and Refugees of its munificent endow-
ment, by tearing from it the lands appropriated
by Congress to the loyal wards of the Republic,
and restoring to the rebels their justly forfeited
estates after the same had been vested by
law in the Government of the United States.
For this he had invaded with a ruthless hand
the very penetralia of the Treasury, and plun-
dered its contents for the benefit of favored
rebels by ordering the restoration of the pro-
ceeds of sales of captured and abandoned
property which had been placed in its custody
by law.
For this he had grossly abused the pardoning
power conferred on him by the Constitution
m releasing the most active and formidable of
the leaders of the rebellion with a view to their
service in the furtherance of his policy, and
even delegated that power for the same objects
to men who were indebted to its exercise for
their own escape from punishment.
For this he had obstructed the course of
public justice not only by refusing to enforce
the laws enacted for the suppression of the re-
bellion and the punishment of treason, but by
going into the courts and turning the greatest
of the public malefactors loose, and surrender-
ing all control over them by the restoration of
their estates.
For this he had abused the appointing power
by the removal 011 system of meritorious pub-
lic officers for no other reason than because
the}r would not assist him in hi.-> attempt to
overthrow the Constitution and usurp the legis-
lative power of the Government.
For this he had invaded the rightful privi-
leges of the Senate by refusing to send in
nominations of officers appointed by him dur-
ing the recess of that body, and after their
adjournment reappointing others who had
been rejected by them as unlit for the places
for which they had been appointed.
For this he had broken the privileges of, and
insulted the Congress of the United States by
instructing them that the work of reconstruc-
tion belonged to him only, and that they had
no legislative right or duty in the premises,
but only to register his will by throwing open
their doors to such claimants as might come
there with commissions from his pretended
governments, that were substantially his own.
For this, on their refusal to obey his im-
perial rescript, he had arraigned them publicly
as a revolutionary assembly and not a Con-
gress, without the power to legislate for the
States excluded, and as " traitors, at the other
end of the line," in actual rebellion against
the people they had subdued.
For this he had grossly abused the veto
power, by disapproving every important meas-
ure of legislation that concerned the rebel
States, in accordance with his public decla-
ration that he would veto all the measures of
the law-making power whenever they came
to him.
For this he had deliberately and confessedly
exercised a dispensing power over the test-onth
law, by appointing notorious rebels to import-
ant places in the revenue service, on the
avowed ground that the policy of Congress, in
that regard, was not in accordance with his
opinions.
For this he had obstructed the settlement
of the nation, by exerting all his influence to
prevent the people of the rebel States from
accepting" the constitutional amendment or
organizing under the laws of Congress, and im-
pressing them with the opinion that .Congress
was blood thirsty arid _ implacable, and that
their only refuge was with him.
For "this^e had brought the patronage, of
his office into conflict with the 'freedom of elec-
tions, by allowing and encouraging his ^ffryal
retainers to travel over the country, attending
political conventions and addressing"thfe peo-
ple in support of his policy. ' ' :
For this, if he did not enadt the part of a
Cromwell, by striding into the Hafls of the Rep-
resentatives of the people and saying to one
man, " You are a hypocrite ;f' to another, "You
are a whoremonger;" to a third, "Yoii we
an adulterer;" and to thewhole, "You are'iib
longer a Parliament;" he had rehearsed the
same part substantially outside, by traveling
over the country, and, in indecent harangues,
assailing the conduct and impeaching the mo-
tives of its Congress, inculcating disobedience
to its authority by endeavoring to bring it into
disrepute, declaring publicly of one of its mem-
bers that he was a traitor, of another that he
was an assassin, and of the whole that they
were no longer a Congress.
For this, in addition to the oppression arid
bloodshed that had everywhere resulted from
his known partiality for traitors, he had winked
at, if not encouraged, the murder of loyal cit-
izens in New Orleans by a confederate mob by
holding correspondence with its leaders, de-
nouncing the exercise of the right of a polit-
ical convention to assemble peacefully in that
city as an act of treason proper to be sup-
pressed by violence, and commanding the mil-
itary to assist, instead of preventing, the exe-
cution of the avowed purpose of dispersing
them.
For this, it is not too much to say, in view
of the wrong and outrage and the cry of suffer-
ing that have come up to us upon every southern
breeze, that he had in effect reopened the war,
inaugurated anarchy, turned loose once more
the incarnate devil of baffled treason and un-
appeasable hate, whom, as we fondly thought,
our victories had overthrown and bound in
chains, oidained rapine and murder from the
Potomac to the Gull', and deluged the streets
of Memphis as well as of New Orleans, and
the green fields of the South, already dotted
with so many patriot graves, with the blood of
martyred citizens.
And because for all he has not been called
to render an account, for the reasons that have
been already named, it is now assumed and
argued by his counsel that he stands acquitted
by a judgment which disapproves its truth,
although it rests for the most part on record evi-
dence, importing that "absolute verity" which
is, of course, not open to dispute. This ex-
traordinary assumption is but another instance
of that incorrigible blindness- on the part of
the President in regard to the feelings and
motives of Congress that has helped to hurry
him into his present humiliating predicament
as a criminal at your bar.
But all these things were not enough. It
wanted one drop more to make the cup offor-
; bearance overflow—one other act that should
reach the sensorium of the nation, and make
even those who might be slow to comprehend a
principle, to understand that further forbearance
. was ruin to us all: and that act was done io the
1 attempt to seize by force or stratagem on that
i Department of the Government through which
its armies were controlled. It was but a logical
sequence of what had gone before—the last of
a series of usurpations, all looking to the same
great object. It did not rise, perhaps, be-
: yond the height of many of the crimes by which
j it was ushered in. But its meaning could not
be mistaken. It was an act that smote upon
the nerve of the nation in such a way as to render
it impossible that it could be either concealed,
1 disparaged, or excused, as were the muffled
, blows of the pick-ax that had been so long
| silently undermining the bastions of the Repub-
lic. It has been heard and felt through all our
