1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3407
SO long as the property remains in his posses-
sion and upon his premises ; but when removed
and it becomes the property of the purchaser,
then the distiller and his property ought to be
relieved. That is the object of my amendment.
The committee can very well see that a distil-
'er, when lie lias sold his whisky, in good faith
removed it according to law and it has been
carried to New York for export, for rectifica-
tion, or any other purpose, and fraud begins
there under this bill he would have his dis-
tillery and other property held responsible
until the tax was paid. He ought to be re-
lieved from responsibility as soon as it passes
out of his warehouse and beyond his control,
and the purchaser has given other 'bonds.
Mr. JUJJD. 1 rise for the pu-pose of oppos-
ing the amendment, and indicating a substitute
which I think should be adopted.
Mr. ALLISON. Let me suggest this is not
the place for the gentleman's amendment. The
committee have provided for this in another
part of the bill.
Mr. JUDD. I want to amend by inserting
after the word " thereof," in the sixth line, the
words '• before the distilled spirits leave the
distillery warehouse."
Mr. ALLISON. That is not in order to the
pending amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The committee divided on Mr. Beck's
amendment; and there were—ayes 29, noes
54; no quorum voting.
Mr. BECK demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Beck find
Mr. Judd were appointed.
The committee again divided; and there
were—ayes 30, noes t>4.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SCHENCK. The committee have in-
structed me, in order to remove all ambiguity
that may be supposed to exist, to move the
following:
Insert after the word " thereof," " before removal
fiom the distillery w.irehou-e. except as otherwise
provided by this act;" so it will read :
That there s!i ill bo levied and collected on all dis-
tilled spuits on which the tax prescribed by law has
not been paid a tax of fifty cents on each and every
proof-gallon, to be p:iid by the distiller, owner, orany
pers.m having possession thereof, beforo lemoval
from the distillery, warehouse, &c.
Mr. Chairman, the object of that amendment
is apparent. I do not believe the amendment
is necessary. If gentlemen will look at page
31 and succeeding pages they will find the only
exceptional ease in which whisky can be removed
from the distillery warehouse is amply provided
for. But to remove all question about it the
committee propose to insertin the first section
a piovision declaring in. express terms that the
tax is to be paid at the distillery warehouse,
except in such cases as may be otherwise pro-
vided for in this act.
Mr. JUDD. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the words "except as
otherwise provided by this act." Ailopt my
amendment, Mr. Chairman, and the atnend-
ment proposed by the chairman [Mr. Schexck]
will be in the exact language of the amendment
proposed by me as a substitute when the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] had the
floor. It presents to the committee the direct
question whether distilled spirits shall pay the
tax at the place of manufacture, and before any
removal for any purpose, or whether the com
modity shall be allowed to start on its errand
of dodging the law and avoiding taxation under
the delusive expectation that when once in
motion dishonest officials will even reach it.
If the cb airman of the committee [ Mr. Schexck]
will detail to this committee the evidence the
Committee of Ways and Means has accumu-
lated showing the transportation frauds, there
would not be one moment's hesitation in adopt-
ing the amendment I propose. In my opinion,
Mr. Chairman, the safety of the revenue from
this source absolutely demands the prohibition
of transportation until the taxes are paid.
There is no disguising the fact that the provis-
ions of this bill, as they now stand, restore
practically the enactments which we repealed
at the beginning of the session.
Mr. SCHENCK. No approach to it.
Mr. JUDD. The gentleman says, "no
approach to it." I answer that under the
former law distilled spirits, before they paid
the tax, were allowed to be transported to
bonded warehouses B, and changed under bond
from warehouse to warehouse ; and the chair-
man of the committee well knows, from the
evidence before the committee, what frauds
were perpetrated on the revenue by this trans-
portation system. Seventy-five out of every
one hundred percent, of the frauds against the
revenue occurred in that business of transport-
ation. When once in motion and under the
control of the parties, you never see it again.
And the records of the Department are full of
fictitious, false, forged, and valueless bonds.
Now,then,tobesurein this bill asdraughted,
bonded warehouses B, under the old law, are
called " export warehouses." But under the
language of the bill every gallon of distilled
spirits that is made in Peoria, Chicago, or
anywhere else can be transported without hav-
ing to pay the tax to any part of the United
States where there is a port of entry, and the
Secretary of the Treasury may establish an
export warehouse. The moment you take out
the spirits and set it on wheels the experience
of last year shows that it is beyond the reach
of law. Neither the fact nor the effect of this
is changed by saying that it must be declared
that it is set in motion for exportation. It is
in motion and forged bonds and straw bail are
no guaranties that it will ever reach a foreign
clime.
Take, for instance, a lot of spirits at Detroit,
wh'ch is a port of entry. If there is any dis-
tillation there all taxes are avoided by stor-
ing it in export warehouses and then exporting
it across to St. Clair, in Canada ; next you
hear of it it is in Portland, Maine, on its way
by vessels to be landed at New York. It escapes
j ist as the Dubuque whisky did, becomes lost
in the mazes of the network of transportation,
paying no tax whatever. Now, you say it'is
only tor purposes of export. That sonnds very
well; but under the pretense of exportation
every gallon escapes paying tax. Now, I am
not prepared for that. 1 desire no exception in
favor of spirits. Letit.pay the internal revenue
tax the same as other manufactures.
In addition to this " change of base" in dis-
tilled spirits the bill allows it to be taken from
the warehouse of the distillery to any other
warehouse for redistillation. And here you
find the lutle joker hiding in a new place. This
bill provides for its return to the manufacturer's
warehouse. It goes out ''distilled spirits,"
and it comes back water, perhaps, or may be
good corn juice is turned into molasses rum.
Who knows or can tell what changes it takes
on ? And can you guard against this by bond
and penalty ? I think not. At any rate if you
get your tax before it moves you have no neces-
sity for such enactments. It "is no answer to
say you will destroy the export business. Let
this manufactured article like all other manu-
factured articles that have paid an internal
revenue tax, when complete evidence of its
actual exportation is furnished, be entitled to
have that tax refunded. The chances for fraud
are too great to authorize us to try again the
experiment of "transportation in bond" for
any purpose whatsoever.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. MAYNAIID. If! understand the amend-
ment to the amendment I am opposed to it.
The only interest that I have as an immediate
representative on the subject of distillation
relates to some very small manufacturers, mak-
ing whisky by what are known as copper stills
at the rate of perhaps not more than fifty bar-
rels a year. So far as they are concerned I
do not desire to exempt them from any im-
position that is proposed to be placed on
this business generally. I simply desire that
they should have the privilege of manufactur-
ing on precisely the same terms as those who
manufacture in larger quantity^ Therefore I
desire that they shall have' an opportunity of
paying their tax directly as they manufacture
the liquor, and I trust the exception proposed
to he stricken out will be permitted to remain.
I yield the remainder of my time to the chair-
man of the coramittee.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to oppose the
amendment. There is no question but that
frauds have prevailed in all the different States
in the manufacture and disposal of whisky. The
gentleman is mistaken as to where the greatest
amount of fraud is to be found. 1 believe that
far more whisky has escaped the payment of
tax at the distillery by not getting into the dis-
tillery warehouse, but by being spirited away,
smuggled off, than from any other cause, lie
is altogether wrong in supposing that this bill
"under the pretext," as he says—that was
not a very good word to use in reference to the
committee 
Mr. JUDD. I used the words without any
intention of imputing anything to the com-
mittee.
Mr. SCHENCK. I supposed he did not
mean to impute any purpose of the kind to the
committee. He is entirely mistaken, however,
as to the effect of the bill. It is not a revival
of theold warehouse "B" system. You could
carry distilled spirits from the distillery to
warehouse "B" and there pay the tax and take
it out and put it into market, and not only
that, but from warehouse to warehouse. Now,
what does this bill propose? That under no
circumstances shall spirits be more than once
removed in bond, and that under stringent
regulations, defining the route by which it is to
go, the conveyance by which it is to be carried,
and the means by which it is to be transported,
and various other regulations are thrown about
it. Next to that, it can only go from the dis-
tillery warehouse to the export warehouse, and
when it goes to the export warehouse it is to
be actually exported from the country. There
are only three other instances m which it can
leave the distillery warehouse without payment.
One is for redistillation into alcohol, which is
to be exported; another is to go into medical
preparations and compounds that are to be
exported; and the other is to go to scientific
institutions, for the preservation of objects of
natural science; all these being guarded in
such a manner as to prevent the possibility of
those frauds, which are easy under the present
law.
Now then, if the gentleman's amendment
prevails, what does it mean, and what will be
the effect? Simply that you shall strike down
the whole export trade of the country, and the
question is whether this House is prepared to
do that. We are sending abroad now some
four or five million gallons of alcohol—it has
run up now lo above four millions—and two
million gallons of rum spirits. This has been
gradually increasing. Up to 1867 there never
had been more than three million gallons car-
ried abroad in any one year. But within the
last two years it has been increasing—to say
nothing of any frauds thatmay have been com-
mitted, swelling the apparent quantity carried
abroad—until the actual exportations of these
spirits have been contributing some five million
dollars or more toward paying our debts abroad,
with a probability of a greater increase. The
Committee of Ways and Means have desired,
while they closed every avenue as much as legis-
lation perhaps possibly can close itagainst fraud,
at the same time not to strike down this inter-
est in the country. If the gentleman's motion
prevails, then every gallon of whisky must pay
the tax at the distillery, and there can be no
export trade whatever from this country in
spirits, because, the tax being paid, we cannot,
compete with the production of alcohol and
rum abroad.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JUDD. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. LOGAN. I renew it. It is well known
to the committee that on this point I reserved
the right to differ from them. I will commence
by saying that the exportation of whisky 18^ a
thing unknown. Hence there is no necessity
