1360
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
upon the part of the President, is an unconsti-
tutional assumption, and ho must answer for it.
Sir, the Constitution does not say that the
President shall see that the laws be faithfully
executed, provided the Supreme Court shall
have first declared them constitutional, or if,
in his (the President's) opinion, the laws are
constitutional. The Constitution gives him
no discretion on the subject. I defy the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Pruyn] to show
where the Constitution gives the President the
least discretion as to whether he will or will
not execute a law passed by Congress 111 pur-
suance of the Constitution.
Mr. PRUYN. I can show it to the gentle-
man if he will give me permission.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Very well, I will yield
to the gentleman for that purpose if he will be
brief.
Mr. AXTELL. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Ixgersoll] whether the Supreme
Court has not decided 
Mr. INGERSOLL. I did not yield to the
gentleman from California, [Mr. Axtell,] but
to the gentleman from New Y ork, [Mi-. Pruyn.]
Mr. PRUYN. It is provided in article sixth
of the Constitution that "this Constitution and
the laws of the United States which shall be
made in pursuance thereof," "shall be the
supreme law of the laud."
Mr. INGERSOLL. That is exactly what I
said.
Mr. PRUYN. " Laws of the United States
which shall be made in pursuance thereof."
It does not say any law which Congress may
choose to put upon the statute-book shall have
supreme authority ; it is limited to laws made
"in pursuance" of the Constitution.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Well, sir, the authority
which the gentleman has cited simply sustains
my position. That piovision of the Constitu-
tion applies to the President of the United
States as well as to you or to me.
Mr. PItUYN". Certainly.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The Constitution pro-
vides in the article which the gentleman just
read that the " Constitution and the laws made
in pursuance thereof" " shall bo the supreme
law of the land." And it is supreme to the
President also.
Mr. PRUYN. Not any law passed by Con-
gress, but those passed in pursuance of the
Constitution.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I was not talking about
any law ; I was talking about law enacted in
pursuance of the Constitution of the United
States.
Mr. PRUYN. That was not quite the case
the gentleman stated.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Yes, sir ; that was it
precisely. A law made otherwise than in pur-
suance of the Constitution would be no law.
I was not talking of what we call in the West
" chimney-coiner law." I was talking about
law such as we lind on the statute-book, such
as this tenure-of-oflicis law which was passed
by a two-thirds vote of both Houses of Con-
gress over the veto of the President in pursu-
ance of the Constitution.
Mr. PRUYN. But that law is unconstitu-
tional.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I deny it; but if it is
unconstitutional the President has 110 business
or right to regard it so. He cannot regard it
as being unconstitutional, and he is a usurper
when he assumes it to be so.
Mr. PRUYN. Who does know?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Well, sir, we know, I
know. | laughter,] and everybody oughtto know,
that when Congress passes a bill by a two-
thirds vote over the President's veto it becomes
to hi in absolutely a law—and a constitutional
law. too—and he is bound to respect and obey it.
Mr. ROSS. lias not the President as good
a right to construe the acts of Congress as
Congress has V
Mr. INGERSOLL. No, sir. It was never
intended that the President should exercise
any such power. The President is purely an
executive, not a judicial officer, and the Con-
stitution confers no such power on the Pres-
ident if my colleague means the power to "con-
strue" the law to be unconstitutional. The
exercise of such a power by the President
would be usurpation, rank usurpation. He is
not a judicial officer, and he has no right to
pass judgment 011 the constitutionality of any
law.
Mr. PRUYN. Has a member of Congress
that right of judgment?
Mr. IN CBRSOLL. Certainly, he may have
his opinion as an individual. As a Congress
we have the right, and often exercise it, to de-
clare tho meaning and intent of a law. \Ye
passed the tenure-of-office law. The President
vetoed it. "We passed it over his veto ; then it
became liis sworn duty to execute it. Instead
of doing that he defies the law. He executes
his veto and not the law. Is it not an alarming
condition of affairs when the President of this
great country goes deliberately at work to carry
into execution his veto in defiance of that law,
and all law ? The President must learn that
it is his duty to exccute and obey the law, and
that he must suffer his defunct vetoes to sleep
undisturbed in that sleep which should know
no waking. For the commission of this great
offense by the President I shall vote for the
resolution of impeachment.
We must not be surprised to find a party
here or in the country ready to stand by and«
defend the President. All history shows that
so long as a man possesses great power and
greater patronage he will have a party who
profess to be his friends. When that monster of
Roman history—Nero—poisoned his brother,
his party declared that he had saved Home.
When lie procured the assassination of his
wife, they praised him for his justice. And
when he had assassinated his mother they
kissed his bloody hands and returned thanks
to the gods. No matter, then, what the Presi-
dent, may do, he will have a party so long as
he retains power and patronage. But let us
not falter in our plain duty. To forgive the
President now would be to betray the Re-
public.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, obtained the floor,
and yielded to
Mr. NiBLACK, wlio moved that the House
take a reccss until Monday morning at ten
o'clock.
Tho motion was agreed to; and thereupon
the House took a recess until the time desig-
nated.
AFTER THE RECESS.
The House at ten o'clock a. 111. [Monday,
Pebiuary 24,] resumed its legislative session
of Saturday.
IMI'ilACIIHU.YT or TUB PRESIDENT.
The SPEAKER. The House will now
resume the consideration of the resolution re-
ported from the Committee on Reconstruction,
in reference to the impeachment of the Presi-
dent of the United States, on which the gen-
tleman Irotn Ohio [Mr. Ashley] is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, in
approaching this subject I hope I do so in any
other spirit than the spirit of a partisan. In
the few minutes I shall occupy the time of tlie
House I desire to call attention first to the stat-
ute which the President, in his removal of the
Secretary of War, has set at defiance, and sec-
ond to the provision of the Constitution which
ho has also violated.
This act, sir, was passed and took effect 011
the '2d of March, 1867.
The section reads thus:
11 Sf.c, 6. And be it further cnactcd, That every re- j
moval, appointment, or employment, made, liad, or J
exercised contrary to the provisions of this aft, and I
tho making, signing, sealing, countersigning:, or issu-
ing of any commission or letter ef authority for or
in respect to any such appointment or employment,
shall bedeemed, and are hereby declared to bo,high
misdemeanors, and, upon trial and conviction thereof,
every person £uiity_thereof shall be punished by
tine not exceeding §10,000, or b,v imprisonment not
exceeding live years, or both said punishments, in j
the discretion of the court: Provided, That the Pres- 1
ident shall have power to make out and deliver, after
the adjournment of the Senate, commissions tor all
officers whose appointment shall have been advised
and consented to by the Senate."
This provision of law, passed by the Con-
gress of the United States over tho veto of the
President, he has deliberately violated. _ On
last Friday, in utter defiance of it, and as if to
challenge this House to resort to its constitu-
tional powers, he notifies the Senate that he has,
on the authority vested in him by the Constitu-
tion, removed the Secretary of War. Now, sir,
while I regard this as one of the smallest of
the many offenses of which this man has been
guilty, yet it is clearly an offense brought within
a narrow compass—one which is easOy com-
prehended and will satisfy that class of gentle-
men in the House, who hold that the President
cannot be impeached except for a violation of
some statute law. His dismissal of the Secre-
tary of War and the appointment of Mr. Thomas
on Friday, without the consent of the Senate,
brings him within that technical rule. Sir, I
regret that this House should not before to-day
have put itself upon the record in condemna-
tion of this most indefensible assumption that
public officers, especially the Chief Magistrate,
cannot be impeached except for the violation
of some statute law or some clearly-defined
provision of the Constitution. Sir, the im-
peaching powr in the Constitution, as defined
by the honorable gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Woodward,] I accept as the only
rational definition. It is, he told us a few
weeks ago—
"A popular poiver; a power designed for the pro-
tection of the rights and liberties of the people
against, their rulers, and one that oufjht to be liber-
ally construed, and in proper eases freely used."
To assume that the President can be im-
peached only for "treason" or ''bribery" is
practically to assume that he cannot be im-
peached. In Curtis's History of the Consti-
tution he thus refers to the impeaching power
of Congress:
" Among the separate functions assigned by the
Constitution to the two Houses of Congress are those
of presenting and tryingimpeaehment. An impeach-
ment, in the report of the Committee of Detail, was
treated as an ordinary judicial proceeding, and was
placed within the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court.
That this was not in alt respects a suitable provis-
ion will appear from the following considerations:
although an impeachment may involve an inquiry
whether a crime against any positive law has been
committed, yet it is not necessarily a trial for crime;
nor is there any necessity in the case of crimes com-
mitted by public otheers for thcinstitution of any spe-
cial proceeding tor the infliction of the punishment
prescribed by the laws, since they, like all other per-
sons, are amenable to the ordinary jurisdiction of the
couits of justice m respect of oflenses against positive
law. Thepurposesof an impeachmentliewhollybe-
yond the penalties of a statute or the customary law.
The object of the proceeding is to ascertain whether
cause exists for removing a Public officer from ottice.
Such a cause may be found in the fact that either in
the discharge of his office or a side from its functions he
has violated a. law or committed what is technically
denominated a crime, But a cause tor removal from
office may exist where no offense against positive
law has been committed, as where an individual has
from immorality or imbecility or maladministration
become unfit to exercise tucoffice."
But I cannot now pursue this point further.
Sir, if there were no law on the statute-book,
if there were only the simple provisions of the
Constitution, to which I shall in a moment
refer, I would hold that this House might, under
the authority vested in it, impeach the Presi-
dent for the removal, without the consent of
the Senate, of an officer, when the Senate is in
session. I refer now to tho clause vesting the
power of appointment in the President with
the consent of the Senate:
"He shall have power, by and with the advice and
consent of the feenate, toniakotroaties, provided two
thirds of the benators present concur; and lie sha:!
?u>Uo11 i' u i \\y y^i-hthe advice and consentof
thetoena-fe, shall appoint embassadors, other public
ministers and consuls, judges of the Surname Court
ana all other officers oi the United States, whose ap-
pointments are not herein otherwise provided. ;,i<d
which shall be established by law: but the CunTe*^
imy by law vest the appointment of ?neh inieri<>r
oineerri as they may think proper in the President
alone, in the courts ot law, or in the heads of De-
partments.
. "The president shall have power to fill up all vac-m-
cits that may happen during the icet\-< ot the
by granfnij? comnu—nujs which shall expire at the
end of their next session.'
