3408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
for an export warehouse for whisky. That is
the simplest proposition in the world.
Mr. LYNCH. Do I understand the gentle-
man to say that there is no such thing as the
exportation of distilled spirits to be provided
for in this bill?
Mr. LOGAN. I said whisky, sir.
Mr. LYNCH. That is distilled spirits.
Mr. LOGAN. Well, I understand that
whisky is distilled spirits, if you will allow me.
Mr. LYNCH. I want to inform the gentle-
man that, not only alcohol 
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman cannot give
me any information on the subject except what
he can find in the reports in reference to ex-
portations, and X can find it there as well as
he can. I assert here that there is no such
tiling known as the exportation of whisky,
unless it is smuggled. Then if there is not
there is no necessity for providing that you
may export distilled spirits. Why not provide
that you may export alcohol and rum, the only
two articles of distilled spirits that are ever
exported?
Now, I desire to state my reasous for this
amendment. If the tax is paid at the distil-
lery, then if a man wants to export alcohol or
rum, let him buy his whisky with the tax paid
on it, redistill it, export it, and bring forward
proof that it has actually reached the foreign
port of delivery, which will satisfy the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, and he can get the tax
refunded to him. Then you will get all the tax
on the whisky in this country, and you can get it
in no other way. One gentleman has remarked
that that would interfere with exportation. I
say it would not. I have an amendment already
prepared to this bill which I propose to offer
when we reach that portion of the bill which
relates to exportation, providing for the ex-
portation of alcohol and rum in such a manner
that it can be legitimately exported and still
have the tax on whisky collected. I propose
to alter the provisions of the bill so that we
111:13- £et some revenue from this article.
Let me put a ease. Suppose we provide, as
this bill provides, for the withdrawal of whisky
from bonded warehouses for redistillation into
alcohol. That whisky goes to New York.
What is to prevent it from being changed in its
course on the way, the export stamp torn off,
and that whisky put upon the market ? And
how are you to detect it? If you provide for
the transportation in this country of whisky in
bond, you have not provided properly against
enormous frauds that have been and may be
commit ted against the Government—from three
tu four million gallons of alcohol and ruin.
Now, if the Government should pay for that
three or four million gallons entirely out of
the Treasury tbey would make money by it,
provided you collect all tax on distilled spirits
before leaving the distillery warehouse for any
purpose.
It you require all the tax to be paid at the
distillery, then whenever whisky comes from
the recti tier it will be understood that the tax
has been paid prior to rectification, as is a mere
pretense now. If it is transported without pay-
ing tax to be exported under whatever name
you please to call it. you will only have a repe-
tition of many of the frauds heretofore com-
mitted.
We do not want to see these frauds perpe-
trated as heretofore, I propose no hardship
upon these distillers. They passed a resolu-
tion in their committee declaring " that this
tianspoitation should not be allowed, if we
would pievent fraud.'" We should not be in
favor of making a law less stringent on this
question than the men engaged in distilling
have asked us to do. 1 take it this is generous
bejond that which would be ordinarily deemed
generosity.
If you want to collect your tax, you must
provide for its collection in the manner I have
proposed. I have another amendment which
has been agreed to by the committee, and
which I propose at the proper time to offer as
an amendment of the committee, providing
that all this swarm of officers shall be stricken
off, and that collectors and assessors shall not
pass from one district to another as they have
been permitted to do heretofore, to exercise
doubtful authority 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER. I think I may speak on this
question with as little feeling as any gentleman,
for the reason that I do not know of a single
distiller in my district. I agree with the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] that whisky
is not exported as an article of export; but
ruin is exported, and that alcohol is 'exported.
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly,
Mr. BUTLER. And the single question is
whether we propose to break up the export
" Mr. LOGAN. I do not.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not know what the
gentleman's amendment will be. I hope he
does propose to sustain the export trade, and I
have no doubt he thinks he does. Bat if you
provide for this tax to be paid at the distillery
there is an end of the export trade. You have
almost killed it now by your special taxes on
the manufacture. In order to make any spirits
for export, the manufacturer must pay all these
taxes, the tax 011 the still, on the distillery, and
four dollars a barrel besides. They must pay
about sixteen or eighteen cents a gallon before
it can be exported, even under this bill. Now,
this renders the export trade exceedingly diffi-
cult to be carricd on. If you put any other
restriction upon it it is gone forever.
Now, the gentleman says that we had better
pay the value of the whisky or the rum ex-
ported than have any such thing as an export
trade in the article. I might agree that if the
mere value of the rum exported were the only
consideration the gentleman would, perhaps,
be correct. But the rum is absolutely necessary
for many different foreign trades of the United
States. Cut off the export trade in rum and
alcohol and you kill your Mediterranean trade ;
you kill most'of the trade on the Eastern con-
tinent. So necessary is rum to the trade with
Africa that some years ago, when I was aiding
in prosecuting a slaver, where it was claimed
that the voyage was an honest voyage, we pro-
duced testimony to show that it could not be
an honest voyage to Africa because 110 rum was
011 board ship, and that, therefore, it must be a
slave voyage.
Mr. PRICE. Does the gentleman mean to
say that no voyage to Africa can be an honest
voyage unless the ship carries out rum and
brings back negroes ?
Mr. BUTLER. No, sir. The fact is that
slavers do not take out rum, while the honest
traders do, bringing back palm oil, ivory, &c.
Some gentleman says let them taks out gold.
They cannot trade with gold because gold dust
is one of the things they bring back from Af-
rica. They cannot make a profitable trade
with that country without using rum. If the
House chooses to break down that trade, be
it so.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I suppose that the
same vessel that takes out the rum takes out
also missionaries ?
Mr. BUTLER. Very likely; and if you cut
off the trade with Africa you may cut off the
carrying oat of missionaries. But this is a
diversion from the question which I am dis-
cussing. This is a very vital question to the
interests of navigation in this country. We
have already struck blow after blow at the for-
eign trade of tho United States. If you want
to give it another blow, I cannot object. If
the country can stand it, we of New England
can ; bat one thing is certain: no country has
ever yet prospered without a foreign trade, and
this country cannot do so.
Now, sir, I have examined this bill care-
fully, because my district and my State have
an interest in the export trade. The bill is
guarded carefully, and although the ingenuity
of fraud is almost infinite, I can see 110 way in
which any great harm can happen to the reve-
nue by allowing this transportation for export
only; because the leak heretofore has arisen
from the fact that whisky could be taken out
from the bonded warehouse for other purposes
than export. Under this, bill it. can be taken
out for only one purpose, that is, for export.
When it once gets the export stamp upon it
and goes into the export warehouse, it cannot
be removed thence under the provisions of this
bill, except to go out of the country.
Sir. LOGAN. It can be taken out for redis-
tillation.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. ALLISON. I renew the amendment.
Mr. Chairman, when this bill was prepared
the Committee of Ways and Means, of course,
did not know what would be the amount of the
tax, that being a question for the determina-
tion of the House. The Committee of the
Whole having now fixed the tax at fifty cents
per gallon the question to be determined is
whether or not western distillers can afford to
pay the tax at the still and transport their
product to market. For myself I am rather
inclined to believe they can do so; and the
only object I have in renewing the amendment
of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farns-
worth] is to suggest that this subject be for
the present passed over until we reach the
question of bonded warehouses. Wre must
have bonded warehouses at the distillery, and
it may be we shall decide to have bonded
warehouses for other purposes. My own im-
pression is that we ought not to have bonded
warehouses for redistillation, but we may con-
clude to have them for exportation. When
that question shall be reached, if it should be
found that sufficient safeguards cannot bo pro-
vided, we can then arrange the matter. The
total amount of export is not very large, and
I will say with reference to the plan of this
bill that in my judgment it entirely differs from
any bonded warehouse system which we have
hitherto adopted.
A man who bonds his goods must give a bond
in double the amount of the tax, and that bond
is never released until the tax is paid or the
whisky is exported by proper certificate. I
wish to call the gentleman's attention to the
fact that the system of bonded warehouses here
proposed is the precise system now adopted in
the custom-house ; and this very day an im-
porter of brandy or of any distilled spirits can
receive them in New York and transport them
in bond, in casks or boxes, to Chicago or any
other western city. I have never heard of any
frauds in that system of transportation. With-
out paying duty they can now transport brandy
and wine imported from abroad in bond from
New York to the interior. A bond is given
for the payment of the duty. Nothing is more
common, and the gentleman knows it, than the
transportation of these articles in bond from
the Atlantic seaports to the great, interior cities.
'I want the gentleman to examine this system
carefully. I am not certain I will not move to
strike it out if there is any great fraud to be
perpetrated under it.
Mr. LOGAN. Foreign liquors pay a duty
of two dollars and a half to three dollars per
gallon, and we have reduced the tax on dis-
tilled spirits to fifty cents per gallon. We thus
leave a great difference between the duty on
the foreign liquors and the tax on distilled
spirits manufactured here.
Mr. ALLISON. Undoubtedly we have
assimilated our tariff laws and our internal-tax
laws. Having put a tax of two dollars on
whisky, we placed a duty of $2 50 on foreign
spirits. We can reduce that when we come to
consider the tariff.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. There seems to be, Mr.
Chairman, almost an infatuation on some sub-
jects connected with whisky. I do not wonder
a good many specters stalk about and a good
many spirits are abroad, because a good deal
of the spirit of the country has been abroad
without being held to a proper restriction.
But so far as this matter of bonded ware-
housesis concerned, let me tell gentlemen lliat
which is proposed in this bill is nothing like
