THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
327
by the defense, the case of Mr. Stanton does
not fall within the proviso, what, then, is the
result? Is it the predicament of a casus omissus
altogether? Is he to be hung up, like Ma-
homet's coffin, between the body of the act and
the proviso, the latter nullifying the former on
the pretext of an exception, and then repudiat-
ing the exception itself as to the particular
case ; or is the obvious and.indisputable pur-
pose of providing for all cases whatever, to be
carried out by falling back on the general en-
acting clause which would make him irremov-
able by the President alone, and leaving him
outside of the provision as to tenure, which
was the sole object of the exception ? There
is nothing in the saving clause which is at all
inconsistent with what goes before. The pro-
vision that takes every officer out of the power
of the President is not departed from in that
clause. All it enacts is that the tenure shall
be a determinate one in cases that fall within
it. If Mr. Stanton was appointed by President
Johnson within the meaning of the proviso, he
holds, of course, until the expiration of his
term. If not, he holds subject to removal like
other officers under the enacting clause. It
has been so often asserted publicly as to have
become a generally accredited truth, that the
special purpose of the act was to protect him.
I do not affirm this, and do not consider it
necessary that I should, or important to the
case whether he favored the passage of the law
or not. It will be hardly pretended, however,
by anybody, that he was intended to be ex-
cluded entirely from its operation.
Nor is the case helped by the reference to
the fourth section of the act, which provides
that nothing therein contained shall be con-
strued to extend the term of any officer the
duration of which is limited by law. The of-
fice in question was one of those of which the
tenure was indefinite. The construction in-
sisted on by me does not extend it. The only
effect is to take away the power of removal
from the President alone and restore it to the
parties by whom, the Constitution intended that
it should be exercised.
Assuming, then, that the case of Mr. Stanton
is within the law, the next question is as to
the validity of the law itself. And here we
are met, for the first time in our history as a
nation, by the assertion, on the part of the
President, of the illimitable and uncontrol-
lable power under the Constitution, in accord-
ance, as he insists, with the judicial opinion,
the professional sentiment, and the settled
practice under the Government of removing
at any and all times all executive officers what-
ever, without responsibility to anybody, and as
included therein the equally uncontrollable
power of suspending them indefinitely and
supplying their places from time to time by
appointments made by himself ad interim.
If there be any case where the claim has here-
tofore extended, even in theory, beyond the
mere power to create a vacancy by removal
during the recess of the Senate, I do not know
it. If there be any wherein the power to sus-
pend indefinite!}', which goes even beyond this,
has been asserted, it is equally new to me.
This truly regal pretension has been fitly re-
served for the first President who has ever
claimed the imperial prerogative of founding
governments by proclamation, of taxing with-
out a Congress, of disposing of the public
property by millions at his own will, and of
exercising a dispensing power over the laws.
It is but a logical sequence of what he has
been already permitted to do with absolute
impunity and almost without complaint. Tf
he could be tolerated thus far, why not con-
summate the work which was to render him
supreme, and crown his victory oyer the legis- j
lative power by setting this body aside as an
advisory council, and claiming himself to be
the rightful interpreter of the laws? The de-
fense made here is a defiance, a challenge to
the Senate and the nation, that must be met
and answered just now in such a way as shall
determine which, if any, is to be the master.
If the claim asserted is to be maintained by
your decision, all that will remain for you will
be only the formal abdication of your high
trust as part of the appointing power, because
there will be then absolutely nothing left of it
that is worth preserving.
But let us see what there is in the Constitu-
tion to warrant these extravagant pretensions,
or to prevent the passage of a law to restore
the practice of this Government to the true
theory of that instrument.
I do not propose to weary you with a pro-
tracted examination of this question. I could
not add to what I have already said on the
same subject in the discussion in the House of
the bill relating to removals from office in De-
cember, 1806, to which I would have ventured
to invite your attention, if the same point had
not been so fully elaborated here. You have
already passed upon it in the enactment of the
present law by a vote so decisive and over-
whelming, ana there is so little objection on
the part of the counsel for the President to the
validity of that law, that I may content myself
with condensing the arguments on both sides
into a few general propositions which will com-
prehend their capital features.
The case may be stated, as I think, analytic-
ally and synoptically thus:
The first great fact to be observed is, that
while the Constitution enumerates sundry offi-
ces, and provides the manner of appointment
in those cases, as well as in " all others to be
created by law," it prescribes no tenure except
that of good behavior in the case of the j udges,
and is entirely silent on the subject of removal
by any other process than that of impeachment.
From this the inferences are:
1. That the tenure of good behavior, being
substantially equivalent to that for life, the
office must in all other cases be determinable
at the will of some department of the Govern-
ment, unless limited by law; which is, how-
ever, but another name for the will of the law-
maker himself. And this is settled by authority.
2. That the power of removal at will, being
an implied one only, is to be confined to those
cases where the tenure is not ascertained by
law; the right of removal in any other form
than by the process of impeachment depending
entirely on the hypothesis of a will of which
the essential condition always is that it is free
toactwithoutreason and without responsibility.
3. That the power of removal, being im-
plied as a necessity of state to secure the de-
pendence of the officer on the Government, is
not to be extended by construction so as to
take him out of the control of the Legislature,
and make him dependent on the will of the
Executive.
The next point is that the President is by
the terms of the Constitution to "nominate,
and by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate appoint," to all offices, and that with-
out this concurrence he appoints to none ex-
cept when authorized by Congress. And this
may be described as the rule of the Constitu-
tion.
The exceptions are:
1. That in the cases of inferior offices the
Congress may lodge this power with the Presi-
dent alone or with the courts or the heads of
Departments ; and
2. That in cases of vacancy happening
during the recess of the Senate he may—not
appoint—but Jill them up by granting commis-
sions to expire at the end of the next session
of that body.
From which it appears—
1. That the President cannot, as already
stated, in any case, appoint alone without the
express authority of Congress, and then only
in the case of inferior offices.
2. That the power to supply even an acci-
dental vacancy was only to continue until the
Senate was in a condition to be consulted and
to advise and act upon the case; and
3. As a corollary from these two proposi-
tions, that if the power to remove in cases
where the tenure is indefinite be, as it is
solemnly conceded by the Supreme Court of
the United States in re. Hoenan (13 Peters) an
incident to the power to appoint, it belongs to
the President and Senate, and not to the Pres-
ident alone, as it was held in that case to be
in the judge who made the appointment.
The argument upon which this implied and
merely inferential power, not of " filling up,"
but of making a vacancy during the recess—
which is now claimed to extend to the making
of a vacancy at any time—has been defended,
is—
I'irst. The possible necessity for the exer-
cise of such a power during the recess of the
Senate, or, in other words, the argument ab
inconvenienti.
Second. That the power of removal is a
purely executive function, which, passed by
the general grant in the first section of the
second article of the Constitution, would have
carried the power to appoint, if unprovided
for, and is to be considered in him in all cases
wherein it has not been expressly denied or
lodged in other hands; while the association
of the Senate, the same not being an execu-
tive body, is an exception to the general prin-
ciple, and must be taken strictly so as not to
extend thereto.
Third. That it is essential to the President
as the responsible head of the Government,
charged by his oath with the execution of the
laws, that he should control his own subor-
dinates by making their tenure of office to
depend upon his will, so as to make a unit of
the Administration.
The answer to the first of these propositions
is that there is no necessity for the exercise of
the power during the recess, because the case
supposed may be provided for by Congress—
as it has been by the act now in question—
under its express constitutional authority " to
make all laws which shall be necessary or
proper for carrying into execution all powers
vested in the Government, or in any Depart-
ment thereof," a power which, by the, way is
very strangely claimed by one of the President's
counsel to be an implied one.
To the second the answer is that whether an
executive power or not depends on the struc-
ture of the Government, or, in other words, on
what the Constitution makes it; that the clause
in question is but a distributive one; that if all
executive power is in the President, then by
parity of reason all legislative power is in Con-
gress without reference to the Constitution;
that the Senate is not only associated with the
President in the general appointing power, but
that the power itself may be withdrawn by
Congress almost entirely from both, under the
provision in regard to inferior offices, which
would involve a repugnancy to the general
grant relied on, if the power be an executive
one; that if no provision had been made for
appointment in the Constitution the power to
supply the omission would have resulted to the
law-maker under the authority just quoted, to
make "all laws that might be necessary or
proper for carrying into execution all powers
vested in the Government or any department
thereof," which carries with it the power to
createalloffices; andthat, moreover, this power
of removal, in the only case wherein it is
referred to, is made & judicial one.
To the third the answer is—
1. That however natural it may be for the
President, after an unchecked career of usurp-
ation for three long years, during which he
has used his subordinates generally as the
slavish ministers of his will, and dealt with the
affairs of this nation as if he had been its
master also as well as theirs, he greatly mis-
takes and magnifies his office, as has been
already shown in the fact that under the Con-
stitution he may be stripped at any time by
Congress of nearly the whole of the appoint-
ing power; and,
2. That the responsibility of the President
is to be graduated by, and can be only com-
mensurate with, the power that is assigned
to him; that the obligation imposed on him is
to take care that the laws are faithfully exe-
cuted, and not his will, which is so strangely
assumed to be the only law of the exalted
