1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4433
and have filled many positions of distinction in
our State. The affidavit reads as follows :
State of Indiana, County of Jefferson, hs:
Jeremiali Sullivan, beingduly sworn, deposes and
says, that he was one of the sureties ot Israel T. Can-
by, on his bond as receiver of publie monies at Craw-
forclmlle, Indiana.
That when it was discovered at the Treasury De-
partment thrtl said Oanby was a defaulter, a war-
rant was issued against him and his sureties and
placed in the hands ot the marshal of the district
with instructions to levy the same. This deponent
knows that said warrant was executed, in part be-
ci.rKft it was levied on his personal property, a part
of which was sold; but proceedings on said warrant
weie stayed, as deponent believes, in consequence
ol an arrangement for a settlement of the debt, as
hereinafter stated, between said Canby and the
Government.
Deponent says that upon a settlement of accounts
between Canby and the Government he, (Canby,) as
deponent was informed, assigned and transferred to
the United States lands and other property to an
amount sufficient to pay hisdobt to the Government,
and thereupon all legal proceedings were suspended.
Deponent says that General X. A. Howard was the
Attorney of the United States in the adjustment of
the above matter with said Canby, aud in the recep-
tion of the property transferred, as he was informed
and believes: and said Howard, in more than one
conversation with deponent while he (Howard) was
acting as such attorney, informed deponent that the
property so transferred by Canby was sufficient to
pay the balances against him. Many of the circum-
stances conncctcd with the settlement between the
United States Attorney and Canby have escaped
deponent's recollcction, (from thirty-six to forty
yc:irs having elapsed) and much of the conversation
with General Howard at the time is forgotten ; but
deponent felt easy under the assurances given him
as above stated, and he dismissed the matter from
his mind.
Deponent will further state the impression remain-
ing on his mind that the late Governor Hendricks,
of Indiana, informed him that the pioperty trans-
ferred by Canby was sufficient to pay Oanby's debt
to the Government. Mr. Hendricks was well ac-
quainted with the value of the lands transferred,
and he exerted himself to secure the Government
and relieve Can by and his securities. Governor
Hendricks, General Howard, (district attorney at
the tune) Gamaliel Taylor, then marshal of the dis-
trict, Canby himself, and some of the deponent's
cosureties, are now dead, in consequence of which,
the surviving secureties are deprived of any assis-
tance they mieht, and probably could, get from them
to show that tuey should not. be held to further ac-
countability as the sureties of said Canby.
Deponent sa^s that, relying on said assurances, he
rested quietly andmadeno eifoit to secure himself or
indemnify himself against his liability onsaid bond.
The Governme .t, by her agents, having taken prop-
erty at its valuation, estimated at the time to be suffi-
cient to pay the debt, and the main witnesses to the
transaction being now dead, thedeponentasks that a
final discharge be given to him and his oosuretie3
from the above mentioned bond.
JEREMIAH SULLIVAN.
State of Indiana, Jefferson County, si:
Subscribed and sworn to before me, Walter S.
Roberts, a notary public, in and for said county,
this 23dday of June, 1868, by Jeremiah Sullivan.
Witness my hand and official seal.
WALTER- S. ROBERTS,
Notary Public.
Mr. Speaker, my lack of time under the
rules forbids me to go more fully into the facts
in this case. Bui I earnestly appeal to the
House to refuse the motion to refer, and to let
this bill be now passed. The entire fault is
the result of the negligence of the Govern-
ment's own agents, and not of these surviving
sureties, and i think that upon every principle
of justice they should now bo discharged.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to know how
many years have elapsed since the original
defalcation.
Mr. KERR. Over thirty-five years. This
case is one demanding immediate action, as a
matter of the most clear and simple justice to
the parties, and I earnestly hope that the
motion of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Ward] will not be adopted.
Mr. WARD. I never heard of this case
before. I know nothing about it: but from
the statement just made by the gentleman from
Indiana, it is apparent that there are a great
many facts to be considered and a great many
questions to be examined. It has received the
sanction of no committee of this House. There
has been no investigation of its merits or
demerits by any committee. This is the heel
of the session, and 1 hold that we ought to
send all such bills to the committees for invest-
igation, and especially that class of bills which
propose to relieve parties who are under lia-
bility to the Government. This may be all
40xn Coxa. 2d Sess.—No. 278.
right; it may be all wrong. We are not in the
habit of being concluded by the action of the
Senate. We are in the habit of investigating
these matters for ourselves. If it is all right,
as gentlemen claim, the Committee of Claims
in a few months will ascertain that fact and
report it to the House, and the House, acting
on that report, can pass the bill. If it is all
wrong, the committee can so report. If we
pass the bill now without due consideration,
we may make a grave mistake, and therefore
I move that the bill be referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims ; and on that motion I demand
the previous question.
Mr. KERR. I hope the reference will not
be made.
Mr. WARD. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was put on the motion to refer
the bill to the Committee of Claims; and there
were—ayes 72, noes 34.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. WARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COMMITTEE ON ENROLLED BILLS.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to
state to the House that two members of the
Committee on Enrolled Bills are absent on ac-
count of sickness. The business of that com-
mittee is very materially increased on the last
day of the session, and if there is no objection
the Chair wiil appoint an additional member.
The Chair hears no objection, and appoints
Mr. Lafi.in, of New York.
CREDENTIALS OF A MEMBER.
The SPEAKER presented the credentials
of \V. P. Edwards, Representative-elect from
the third congressional district of Georgia ;
which were referred to the Committee of
Elections.
ELIZABETH CARSON.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 530, for the relief of Eliza-
beth Carson; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
that the bill be referred to the Committee of
Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBCJRN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
referred ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ELECTION OF LNITEl) STATES SENATORS.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 588, in addition to an act
to regulate the times and manner of holding
elections for Senators in Congress; which was
read a iirst and second time.
The bill was read. It provides that when-
ever any person shall have been elected a Sen-
ator in Congress, in the manner provided in
the first section of the act to which this act is
an addition, and shall have died or refused to
accept said office before the commencement
of his term of office, the Legislature shall pro-
ceed, on the second Tuesday after it shall have
notice of sucli death or refusal, to elect another
person Senator in Congress in the manner pro-
vided in the first section of the act to which
this act is an addition.
Mr. MAYNARD. It seems to me that that
bill is defective. It ought to apply only to |l
cases when the Legislature is in session. As [I
it now stands, it would compel an extra ses- jj
sion. I move that it be referred to the Com- ],
mittee on the Judiciary. j;
The motion was agreed to. j]
REMOVAL OF THE CEN'TI'IR MARKET. {
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 394, to provide fot the !
removal of the Center market, in the city of I
"Washington, and for the erection of a market
building in a more suitable locality; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I would be glad if the
House would consider that bill at the present
time and pass it.
Mr. WELKER. 1 desire that itbe referred.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I object, to its reference.
We have had that annoyance on the avenue
long enough, and I hope we shall get rid of it.
Mr. WA8HBURNE, of Illinois. Let the
bill be read.
INGERSOLL. I ask for the reading.
The bill was read. The first section author-
izes the Commissioner of Public Buildings to
cause to bo removed within twelve months all
the buildings, sheds, and tenements of every
description now located on the Government
reservation on Pennsylvania avenue, between
Seventh and Ninth streets west, and occupied
as a city market, or for other purposes, and to
cause the reservation to be inclosed and pre-
served in the same manner as other reser-
vations now under his charge. The second
section provides that the materials of the present
market buildings are to be turned over to the
mayor of the city of Washington for such publie
purposes as may be deemed proper under the
direction of the corporate authorities of the
city. The third section authorizes the corporate
authorities of the city of Washington to enter
upon and occupy, as a permanent site for a
market-house, all of that portion of the pub-
lic reservation, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, bounded as follows: commencing
one hundred feet south of the southeast corner
of block three hundred and fifty, as marked
on the plat of the city of Washington ; thenee
west five hundred and eleven leet and four
inches to a point one hundred feet south of
the southwest corner of block three hundred
and twenty-four ; thenee south one hundred
and seventy feet along the east side of Twelfth
street west; thence east five hundred and eleven
feet four inches to a point on the west side of
Tenth street west; thence north one hundred
and seventy feet to the place of beginning.
The fourth section provides that for the pur-
pose of erecting such market-house it is to be
lawful for the said corporation to create a debt,
m such form as may be found most expedient,
not exceeding the sum of $200,000, at a rate of
interest not exceeding six per cent, per annum,
notwithstanding any restriction in the charter
of the city or existing laws to the contrary;
but the Government of the United States in no
event whatever is to be liable for the principal
or interest upon any such loan ; and the entire
revenue of the building after paying contingent
expenses and interest on the loan is to be appro-
priated to the payment of the money borrowed
for that purpose. No more than $220,000 are
to be expended in building the market-house,
nor are any contracts to be entered into which
involve a larger expenditure for its completion.
The fifth section provides that the corporate
authorities of Washington shall have the right
to hold and use the property so long as the
building to be erected thereon shall be main-
tained as a market-house, and no longer; and
that all laws and parts of laws inconsistent
with this act shall be repealed.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to state that
by the provisions of this bill the Government
of the United States is not made liable for one
farthing of expense for the construction of a
new market-house, or for the bonds or indebt-
edness of the city government. It provides
for removing the old nuisance and eye-sore on
the great avenue of the city, and for erecting a
new market-house two blocks further up the
canal and one block further from the avenue.
Probably no more accessible site for a market-
house can be procured than the one proposed
by this bill. If the members of the House are
as tired of this horrid nuisance on the avenue
as I am, and as the citizens of this District are,
then this Congress will allow the city authori-
ties to appropriate money to build a new mar-
ket-house. Three thousand of the business
men of this city have petitioned for the passage
