1888.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
culable injury upon the newer and poorer por-
tions of the nation. The whole policy was
nefarious, and has produced nothing but evils
for the West, evils which will be more and
more felt as time advances.
We come next to the subject of railroad
land grants.
A good deal has been said here on this floor
in opposition to grants of public land to aid in
the construction of railroads, and it has been
assumed that such grants were in some sense
a pecuniary injury to the nation and against
sound public policy. Nothing could be further
from a just conception of the facts. The Gov-
ernment has in every case retained the alter-
nate sections in the grant, and the construc-
tion of the road has every where doubled their
price; so that it has received as much for the
one half retained as it would have received for
the whole area without a railroad; and no man
familiar with the facts can doubt that in just
so far as railroads develop and settle a country
in so far does the demand for Government land
increase.
The chief end and aim of railroad grants
should be to furnish transportation for the
productions of the actual settler and to in-
duce men to go upon the public lands and oc-
cupy and cultivate them. If they are made
properly subordinate to this great end they
become a public blessing, even while they may
fee at the same time very properly a private
benefit. It is no argument to say that in cer-
tain localities land grants have not secured
the construction of railroads. If any particu-
lar road could not be built with a valuable
grant of fertile public lands it follows, as a
matter of course, that without such a grant its
construction would have been still more impos-
sible.
The importance of the railroad system to the
West cannot be overestimated. The grain
raised upon land forty miles from a railroad or
any great water course is almost valueless save
for home consumption, and a people so situ-
ated must continue in a poor, primitive, aud
unprogressive condition. Unable to exchange
the surplus productions of their soil for agri-
cultural implements, manufactured goods, or
the manifold necessities and luxuries of life,
they lapse^ in a generation or two into a semi-
barfeaiws and wretched condition. Railroads
mean to a new country population, commerce,
enterprise, prosperity, cultivation, civilization,
everything.
£ doubt if the railroad system of the United
States would to-day have reached the Missis-
sippi river but for the aid affoided by laud
grants.
But, as I have said before, they are to be
recognized by Congress only as aids to the actual
settlement of the country, and where they can
be reasonably expected to afford that aid they
should be fostered and cherished by the Gen-
era! Government. At the same time, I am of
the opinion that we should resort to all meas-
ures which will tend to lessen the evils which
are necessarily incident to sueh gigantic corpo-
rations. The greatest of these evils is the with-
drawal of large bodies of public land along the
line of the road from settlement. It is believed
that this •evil can be averted by placing the lands
so granted to any future railroad in the hands
of the State as trustee for the corporation, with
authority to sell the lands to actual settlers at
a fixed price and deliver tho proceeds of the
lands to the railroad company. In this man-
ner the State will sell the land instead of the
company, and the sale will be made to actual
settlers and not to .non-resident speculators.
The company will receive all it could reason-
ably expect, while the settlement of the coun-
try will not be for one moment interrupted. In
this manner it is in the power of the Govern-
ment to aid these great lines of intercommuni-
cation, assist the settlement of the country, and
afford at a reasonable rate homes for thousands
of industrious and deserving people. A bill is
now pending before the Comfmittee on Public
Lands of the House which proposes to apply
this principle to all future grants of public lands
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 150.
to railroad corporations. This bill will, I trust,
become a law. Should it be enacted it will
remove, I think, the one great objection to rail-
road land grants. With sueh a law upon our
statute-books we could afford to give railroad
grants whenever reasonably demanded, for they
would not for one moment interrupt the settle-
ment of the country ; the conversion of the
land into farms and the construction of the
railroad would proceed side by side ; the farms
would furnish business for the road, the road
would furnish ail outlet for the productions of
the farms. Thus commerce and agriculture
would meet on equal terms and mutually assist
each other. It is in this marriage of the wis-
dom of legislation with the wants and necessi-
ties of the people that the highest statesman-
ship will be found to exist.
1 come at length to the great crowning meas-
ure of all, the homestead law.
The preemption law had grown steadily in
scope and importance from its inception, as far
back as 1801, down to the year 1841, when it
became a permanent part of our system of
laws.
The South always resisted the homestead
law. The ruling class of the South were op-
posed to the subdivision of the land in the
hands of the many. All their instincts were
aristocratic. They desired that condition of
things wherein the few should own all the lands
and all the laborers. Hence it was not until
the great rebellion left the seats of the south-
ern Members and Senators vacant that the Re-
publican party was able to procure the passage
of the homestead law. It came at ths same
time with that other great measure, the Pacific
railroad. They were joint assertions of those
principles and ideas which are hereafter for-
ever to rule in this nation, and which underlie
alike republican institutions and the true pros-
perity of the human family.
The homestead law proceeds upon tho prin-
ciple that the lands should go to tho actual
settler without money and without price. It is
founded upon the truth enunciated by Hayne,
that the subjugation of the wilderness is pay-
ment in full of the fce-siinple of the land. It
is especially in the interest of the actual set-
tlers and against tho interest of the non-resi-
dent speculators.
Mr. Speaker, the homestead law does not
need at my hands any defense.
If there is any one subject which the eye of
philanthropy can contemplate with more satis-
faction than all others it is the fiist settlement
of a fertile and beautiful country. We there
see humanity in its most attractive aspects.
The emigrant goes forth with his family, his
train of horses and cattle., his househoid'goods,
into the new land which lies open before his
feet, the richest gift of the Almighty. He
passes along by fenced fields and pleasant
homes, where but yesterday the wilderness
reigned supreme, and he looks forward,
44 With all his fo.tu.ro in his facc,"
to that coming day when he, too, shall sit under
his own roof-tree and look abroad over his own
land jjwhen he shall escape forever from the
hard and grinding hand of poverty and from
" Theoppressor's wrong, tho proud man's contumely,
Tho insolence of office, and the spurns
Which patient meiit of tho unworthy takes."
When he strikes his plow into the earth it is
the virgin earth, pure and sweet from the hands
of its great Maker. The airthatsweeps around
him comes not freighted with the reeks of
crowded and pestilential cities, the dreadful
haunts of poverty and viee, but it blows from
out the lips of heaven with health and beauty
on its wings.
The first settler is the corner-stone of all
future development: the entire structure of
society and government must rest upon the
foundation of his labors. His work shall last
till doomsday. He first unites the industry of
man to the capabilities of the fertile earth.
The tide of which he is the forerunning breaker
shall never recede—" N e'er feel returning ebb,
but keep due on"—until the wilderness is
densely populated; until every foot of land,
however intractable, is subdued; until the fac-
tories cluster thickly in great knots upon every
falling stream ; until cities, towns, and villages
dot the whole land ; until science, art, educa-
tion, morality, aud religion bear the world for-
ward to a development far beyond the farthest
ken of the imagination, into that unknown
future of the human race which we cannot
prefigure even in our dreams.
How many beautiful traits gather around
these homes snatched from the wilderness?
How many fair women and noble men have
seen the first light of heaven through the chinks
of the log-house? How many heroes worthy
to be embalmed in perpetual history have
grown up in the sturdy independence of the
forest and the prairie? By the side of such
men the denizens of your cities are a dwarfed
race. It needs pure air, pure sunshine, pure
food, and the great stormy winds of heaven
to produce the highest types of the human
family, and to give to them that- inflexible
grain which is the first constituent of great
characters.
Consider for one instant the part performed
by the people of the West in the suppression
of the rebellion. Their share of the great
work was well done. Wherever they advanced
they overcame the rebellion as they overcame
the wilderness ; they hewed it down, they out-
worked it, they chopped it to pieces, they over-
whelmed it with energy and industry, they
bridged it, they corduroyed it, they blazed
and aurned it out of existence. The men
whom nature in all its hard and stubborn
moods could not resist made easy victory over
their misguided fellow-citizens fighting for sla-
very and against liberty and law.
They were types of thousands and tens of
thousands of men through all the region from
which they came, the great West: quiet, unpre-
tending men, steadfast and earnest, patiently
fulfilling the appointed work which God has
given them to do. The great thinkers of Eng-
land grieve that in their island this yeoman
class has become extinct—ground to powder
between the upper and nether millstones of a
gorged and depraved aristocracy and a pauper-
ized laboring class. England's finest scholar,
Goldwin Smith, says:
" Those independent yeomanry, with hi?;li hearts
and convictions ot their own, who tilled the ranks
of tho Ironsides, who conquered for English liberty
atMarston, Naseby, and Worcester, in their native
England, arc now seen no more. Hero they have
left a gi iat, perhaps a fatal gap, in the ranks of
freedom. But under Grant and Sherman they still
conquer for the good cause."
This nation needs more of such men. We
must cherish the institutions which have pro-
duced them. Their price is richer than rubies.
They are the salt of a nation. Some one said
to Crossus when ho showed him his treasures :
"But. if one should come along with more iron
he would take all this gold." The prosperity
of a people rests upon its manhood ; the gold
can only repose upon the iron. Without this
a nation is but a conglomerate of sordidness
and sensuality—a mixture of clay and brass
which must fall to pieces the moment a strong
hand is laid upon it.
Now, what is the root of all this? It is the
pioneer driving his plow for the first time into
the surface of the wilderness. The whole
structure rests upon the occupancy and owner-
ship of the land by the individual. Hence fol-
low independence, self-respect, and all the
incentives to labor; hence industry, intelli-
gence, schools, society, development—not the
hot-housedevelopmentol'the towns, but sturdy,
healthy development, which has its roots in
the earth, which expands in the family circle,
and which brings strength and power to the best
traits of human nature.
We cannot overrate the importance of the
subdivision of the land among the people.
Being the original parent of all wealth, its
blessing should be wide-spread and should
reach as many as possible; otherwise it will
concentrate in a few hands, and then will fol-
low plethora for the few and pauperism for the
