1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1361
Mr. PKUYN With the consent of the gen-
tleman I -wish to ask him whether 1 correctly
understand his position on the question to which
he has just referred, (removal from office.)
and to state briefly my view of it. It was alluded
to in the discussion on Saturday evening. When
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ingdbsoi.l]
was on the floor I made a remark which was
immediately controverted by several members
on the other side, and particularly by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schexck,] with whom
I understand the member from Ohio now ou
the floor to concur. My statement was to this
effect: that from the time this question as to
the power of removal was discussed and decided
by Cougress at its first session in 1789 to the
present day, the practice has been uniform that
the President, and the President only, had made
removals from office, and that without the con-
currence of the Senate, although that body
might be in session. This necessarily results
from the nature of the power which, under the
Constitution, is indivisible. 1 make this point
now most distinctly, as it is fundamental in this
discussion and has been so treated from the
outset.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I
regret exceedingly that my thirty minutes will
not allow me to enter into a colloquy with the
gentleman; but I do not now call to mind a
single instance in which any President of the
United States has ever removed an officer con-
firmed by the Senate without the consent of
the Senate if it was in session. And I go fur-
ther. and deny the power of the President, under
the Constitution, to remove any officer, even
during the recess of the Senate, without cause.
Sir, the power of appointment is vested in
the President by special grant, and not by
implication. The President, I know, claimed
in a message to the Senate on Friday last, that,
by virtue of the power vested in him by the
Constitution, he had authority to dismiss from
and appoint to office without the consent of
the Senate. If the power to dismiss and appoint
without the consent of the Senate is possessed
by the President it must be an implied and not
an express grant of power. Gentlemen may
examine the Constitution and nowhere will
they find such an express grant of power. I
deny, therefore, that it exists, that any author-
ity to appoint can be delegated to the Execu-
tive by implication. Tlie_clause providing that
the President shall 'Hake care that the laws
be faithfully executed, and shall commission
all officers of the United States," does not
confer the power to appointor dismiss; nor
does the fact that all executive power is vested
in the President clothe him with any implied
power, or power which may be necessary or
proper to carry into effect any power which is
expressly granted to the Executive. Sir, I can
find in the Constitution no authority authoriz-
ing the President to dismiss a faithful public
officer without cause.
"All power npee«s.iry and proper to carry into
effect any power vested in the President or in any
department or officer of the Government is vested
in the Congress of the United States."
I desire to call the attention of the gentle-
'man from New York to that paragraph in the
Constitution which clothes Congress with the
power—-
"To make all laws which shall be necessary and
proper tor carrying into execution the foregoing
powers ''—
Meaning those vested in Congress—
" and all other powers vested by this Constitution in
the Government of the United States or in any de-
partment or officer theieof."
Whatever power may be vested in the Pres-
ident by express grunt, he cannot assume to
exercise a power merely because it is appur-
tenant to another power, and necessary, in his
opinion, to carry out some provision of the
Constitution. The right to clothe any officer
of this Government with power not specially
delegated is reserved to the Congress of the
United Slates as the law-making power of this
nation. Congress alone is clothed by the Con-
stitution with authority to confer by law what-
ever power they may doom proper which 13 not
40th Cong. 2d Bess.— 1Sto. 86.
specially delegated, either to the President,
the judiciary, or any department or officer of
the Government. Sir, this power does not
exist in the President, nor in any department
or officer of the Government. Jt exists only
in Congress by express provision of the Con-
stitution.
The Constitution has lodged the law-making
power in the Congress in conjunction with
the President, but sometimes the law-making
power without the concurrence of the Presi-
dent. Then, sir, if there were no statute such
as I have read, I would hold that the Presi-
dent was amenable to the high court of this
nation for a deliberate and willful infraction
of the Constitution in the removal of Mr.
Stanton.
Now, sir, I hold, as I said a moment ago,
that this is one of the smallest of the crimes of
the President. That he has clearly set at defi-
ance the statute I have quoted will not be
denied. His act of Friday last reduces bis
offense to a narrow compass. It is all official
and upon paper. In the trial of this case we
need not- wade through a thousand pages of
evidence, which must be sifted in all cases to
get at the few grains of wheat. Nor need we
consume much time in the trial. Here the
offense is presented within a small compass
and is within the comprehension of all. But
fen-, if any, witnesses are needed. Sir, I am
sure that when this trial shall take place be-
fore the high court-- of the nation, if the evi-
dence taken before the Judiciary Committee
of this House shall bo reproduced there, it
would establish many of the crimes of which
this man has been charged, and the verdict of
the people of this country would be that this
charge is one of the smallest crimes of which
he has been guilty. If Mr. Johnson had been
guilty of no impeachable offense until his re-
moval of Mr. Stanton, no one believes that a
majority of this House could be induced to
vote for his impeachment now.
Sir, what has been the logic of the conflict
between this man and Congress? From the
outset it has been his deliberate purpose, so
far as his acts can indicate a purpose, to usurp
to himself the law-making, the judicial, and the
executive powers of this Government. Start-
ing out with loud professions of loyalty, he as-
sumed first the entire authority of pioviding
for the reorganization of the Slates lately in
rebellion, and in doing so he conferred the
entire power upon that class of citizens who
were but a paroled army of rebels to the ex-
clusion of the great body of loyal citizens. To
this paroled army he confided tho power of
reorganizing State governments and returning
those States to their constitutional relations in
the Union. Then, sir, he made an alliance
with the late rebel leaders and they became
his champions.
He pardoned thousands of public enemies
guilty of the, blackest of crimes, and to many
of them, in violation of law, he gave official
positions. He repeatedly authorized tho pay-
ment of money from the public Treasury in
violation of law. He gave the property of the
United States to the amount of millions to
unrepentant rebels. He connived at. if he did
not consent to, the massacres of Memphis and
New Orleans, and he is justly held responsible in
history and before God for the murder of thou-
sands of southern Union men.
Now, sir, the logic of this contest, fo far as
his acts develop it, is simply that the Congress
of the nation aud all the Departments should
submit to his domination -n this Government,
and no man can have watched the vain efforts
of this Congress to tie his hands by statutory
enactments without feeling a sense of shame, j
Every effort of Congress to secure a restoration ]
of the Union by the passage of reconstruction 1
acts and supplementary reconstruction acts lias
failed thus far because of this man, who, with
the immense patronage -which he has in his
hands, and with an entire disregard of Consti-
tution, laws, and oaths, lias been able to evade
them all, and eventually, if not removed, he will
bring on a conflict which can end only in civil
war unless Congress surrendered. Sir, his pur-
pose has been, aud it will continue to be, unless
he is arrested and brought to the bar of the
Senate for trial, to usurp the whole power of the
Government, and to clothe the late rebel States
with authonty to cast their electoral votes in
the pending presidential election either for
himself or some candidate of his choice, and if,
when the electoral votes come to be counted,
there wore enough loyal States voting for the
candidate of his choice, whether it be himself
or some one else, to make up a majority with
the illegal vote of the rebel States, he and his
friends would insist on their being counted,
and if Congress refused he would inaugurate a
civil war and at the same time the man whom
tlicy would claim to livive elected. Thug we
should have inaugurated in the capital of the
Republic two Presidents and probably two
Congresses.
This, in my opinion, has been from the start
the deliberate purpose of this man, and I am
amazed that gentlemen on the other side should
have felt it to be their duty to give this man
even a quasi support and to apologize for his
acts for the sake of the feeble aid which he
gives them politically and the spoils of offices
which they have been able to secure for their
friends. Sir, I want gentlemen to remember
that by their defense of this man, whose viola-
tions of the Constitution and lawstrf the country
is unquestioned, they go into history as a party
to his crimes.
We attempted to tie this man's hands by
putting a clause in the Army bill, to which I
wish for a moment to call your attention. I
refer to the second section of the Army appro-
priation bill, passed March 2, 18(17, which the
President signed, but returned it with a pro-
test. The section roads thus:
"Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, Thnt the head-
quarters of the General of the Army of the United
btates shall be at the city of Washington, and all
orders and instructions relating to military operations
issued by the President or Secretary of War shall be
issued through the General of the Army, and in case
of liis inability thiough the next in rank. The Gen-
eral of the Army shall not'bo removed, suspended, or
relieved from command or assigned to duty elsewhere
than at said headquarters, except athis own request,
■without the previous approval of the Senate; and
any orders or instructions relating to military opera-
tions issued contrary to the requirements of this sec-
tion shuU be null and void; and any officer whoshall
ibsuo orders or instructions contrary to the provisions
of this section shall be deemed guilty of a midemea-
iionn office; and any oilicerof the Army who shall
transmit, convey, or obey any orders or instructions
so issued contrary to the provisions of this section,
knowing that such outers were so issued, shall bo
liable to impi bonment for not less than twonor more
than twenty years, upon conviction thereof in any
court of competent jurisdiction.
This was designed to keep the„ General of
the Army at his headquarters here as a meas-
ure of precaution against any attempt of the
President to disperse Congress by force and to
provide that every military order of the Presi-
dent should go through the General-in-Chief
and meet his approval before subordinates
should obey it. We all know how this act has
been violated both in letter and spirit. Sickles
Pope, Ord, Sheridan, and almost every officer
within the President's reach have been removed
from their commands, and he has attempted to
humiliate them because of their obedience to
the law of the land and their faithful execution
of the duties assigned them. Experience has
demonstrated the fact that there has not been
wisdom or sharpness enough in this Congress
to tie the hands of this man. Aud at lastthere
appears to be nothing left but to briug him to
trial either for the acts of Friday last, or to
include with them every other act of which he
has been guilty since his accession to power.
Mr. Speaker, the House of Representatives
is again to be brought to a direct vote upon a
question the importance of which cannot well
be overestimated, a vote which shall test the
fidelity of every Representative to his constitu-
tional obligation. Again we are to be brought
face to face with a man who is recognized by
every loyal citizen, and by every rebel, as a pub-
lic enemy ; a man who, if not before, certainly
since, his accession to power has been recog-
nised as the friend and tho ally of the late con-
