1362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
spirators against the nation's life and against
the life of the nation's chosen chief; a man who
has proven himself a more faithful representa-
tive and a more formidable ally of "the lost
cause" than could any general of the late rebel
armies, had he been in his place. Duplicity,
usurpations of power, and violations of law have
marked the public and private career of this
extraordinary man from the time of his unfor-
tunate accession to the presidential office.
I may be pardoned if I repeat what I said
on the 7th of March last, when introducing
ints this House, by direction of the caucus of
the Republican members, a resolution to con-
tinue this impeachment investigation :
"If any loyal man had doubted before, he conld
doubt no longer, that while this man remains in the
presidential office there can be no tranquillity in this
country, 110 security lor property, liberty, and life to
loyal citizens in the South, no such restoration of this
Government as the Union Army and the Union citi-
zens of this nation have decreed, no safety tor a single
hour from rebellion or revolution."
Sir, if this be true—and 1 challenge any gen-
tleman to controvert it—if this be true dare we
longer postpone, dare we longer shrink from
the exercise of that power with which the Con-
stitution has clothed us, to rescue the Govern-
ment from the hands of this usurper, and thus
proclaim to the world that this is a Government
of law and not an irresponsible despotism,
beyond the control of law, and in the hands of
an ignorant, cunning, and unscrupulous man,
who was thrown to the surface by the waves of
the late rebellion, and elevated to the chief
executive office of the nation, not by the vol-
untary suffrages of a free people, but by the
hands of a rebel assassin.
Mr. Speaker, time and truth evermore vin-
dicate the right. When this House, but two
short months ago, voted down this proposition,
1 said let the loyal men of the nation keep
heart and await the logic of events. I know
that by the vste which this House is to give to-
day I shall be vindicated, as will be every man
who lias been from the first for impeachment.
But though I shall be thus vindicated, this is
not to me an hour of exultation and triumph,
but of sadness, rather. Par rather would I
that every charge which I have made against
the acting President of the United States
should fall to the ground if untrue, than that I
should be sustained if wrong. Far rather \^ou!d
I that the dark suspicions which have taken
possession of the public mind should be dis-
pelled by unquestioned evidence than that they
should be true.
For my country's honor, and for the sake of
human nature itself, I could hope that it were
otherwise than as I believe, liather would i
that this main, after his accession to the Presi-
dency, had so conducted himself as to have
commanded the confidence and respect of the
country ; that he had so administered the Gov-
ernment as to bring the country, torn and
bleeding as it has been, back to the paths of
peace, and thus secured its unity and pros-
perity.
But ho has failed in all this, and not only
failed, but has so conducted himself that from
the evidence belore me I am compelled, upon
my conscience and upon my judgment, to
declare that I believe him guilty of usurping
powers not delegated to him and of violating
deliberately the Constitution and the laws of
the land.
In that he has conspired with the late public
enemy and attempted, by a usurpation of the
legislative authority, to organize State govern-
ments in the late insurgent States and to restore
the late rebel leaders to all the rights and privi-
leges which they forfeited by rebellion ;
In that he has corruptly, and in violation of
law, used the appointing power ;
In that he has corruptly used the pardoning
power ;
In that he has corruptly used the veto power;
In that he has corruptly disposed of public
property of the United States ;
In that he has corruptly interfered in elec-
tions, and comniitlod acts and conspired with
others to commit acts which, in contemplation
of the Constitution, are high crimes and mis-
demeanors.
Believing that Andrew Johnson is guilty of
all this and more, I feel that it is our duty, I
think it to be a necessity of our condition, for
the safety of the nation and of our institutions,
that he should be impeached. I hold that it
is necessary, if not lor our safety to-day, at
least to teach those who shall come after him
a lesson; a lesson which shall vindicate the
majesty of the law and test the practical work-
ing of our matchless Constitution.
For these reasons, sir, and others which I
might give if I had time, I give my voice and
my vote to arraign and put on trial before the
high court of the nation, Andrew Johnson,
acting President of the United States.
Mr. Speaker, I now yield to the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Cook.]
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, in the time al-
lowed pie I can only say this: that in voting
to sustain the resolution reported by the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction 1 hold that not only
has the tenure-of-office law been violated, but
that, if that law had not been in existence, the
President has exercised a power entirely un-
warranted by the Constitution and laws of the
United States. I would like to have gentle-
men who are discussing this question from the
opposite point of view tell us whence, inde-
pendently of the tenure-of-office act, the Pres-
ident of the United States derives any author-
ity to remove a public officer or a member of
his Cabinet during the session of the Senate
and against its consent? It' there is anything
in the Constitution that gives him a power of
removal except as incident to and a part of the
power of appointment, I have failed to see it. I
believe there is no such power. The Consti-
tution gives the power to the President to
nominate, and by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate to appoint, public officers.
This clause of the Constitution gives no right
to the President to remove any officer, except
as are incident to the power of appointment,
and during the session of the Senate the re-
moval could only be made by the appointment
and confirmation of a successor, and no greater
power of removal than this has ever been used
or claimed by any President of the United
States.
If the attempt now made by the President to
remove the Secretary of War without the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, and to author-
ize another officer to perform his duties be
successful, that clause of the Constitution which
requires the advice<&nd consent to be given to
the appointment of one officer and the re-
moval of another becomes a dead letter.
It is claimed that the power of removal is
given by the second section of theactof xlugust
7, 1781), which provides that whenever the
Secretary of War shall be removed from office
by the President of the United States, or in
any other case of vacancy, the chief clerk shall
perform the duties of Secretary. This section
recognizes some power of removal as then
existing by the Constitution, not as created by
that act. What was the power of removal thus
recognized? Simply this: if thePresident made
an appointment during the recess of the Sen-
ate, he could commission his appointee, who
would hold his office until the end of the next
session of the Senate. If, however, the Senate
refuse to confirm the appointee a vacancy has
occurred by the removal of the officer by the
President, and this is the contingency contem-
plated by that act, and this is the only power
of removal by the President that was ever
claimed during the history of our Government
by any President, and the only vacancy by re-
moval that can exist as a mere incident to the
power of appointment given in the Constitu-
tion.
In perfect accord with this view is the pro-
vision of the Constitution which provides
" that the President shall have power to fill
up all vacancies that may happen during
the recess of the Senate by granting commis-
sions" to expire at the end of the next session.
If the power to make a vacancy by removal is
vested in the President alone by the Constitution
as well during the session of the Senate a8 du-
ring a recess of that body, this clause of the
Constitution is an absurdity.
It is clear that the act quoted gives no power
to make a vacancy by removal that did not
exist before, and that the power to create a
vacancy by removal was not enlarged by
either act above referred to, but depends wholly
upon the power of appointment given in the
Constitution and is only incidental thereto.
Setting aside, therefore, the tenure-of-office law
as not limiting the power of removal, the act
of the President, in attempting to remove the
Secretary of War without the consent of the
Senate, was an act of gross usurpation, a vio-
lation of the Constitution, and, if submitted to,
dangerous to the liberties of the people. But
the act is also a clear violation of the tenure-
of-office law. This is scarcely denied. _ The
pretense that Mr. Stanton never was appointed
by the President is unworthy of consideration.
The President for three years recognized Mr.
Stanton as Secretary of War by a great multi-
tude of official acts, each of which was tanta-
mount to an appointment by him. If Mr.
Johnson is not serving out the term of Mr.
Lincoln, and if that term expired when Mr.
Lincoln died, and if the President did not
appoint Mr. Stanton as Secretary of War, then
the office became vacant by law in one month
after Mr. Lincoln's death, as also did the office
of every other member of the Cabinet, and
the President has been guilty of recognizing
the acts of men who were holding the highest
offices of the Government for three yeais in
clear violation of law.
But the great claim insisted upon with so
much earnestness is, that the tenure-of-o'Sce
law is unconstitutional in this : that it seeks to
limit the right of the President to appoint
officers of the Government, a right which i3
secured by the Constitution. That this con-
struction of the law is not the true one waa
conceded by the President July 13, 1866, when
lie approved and signed an act which provides:
"Thatno officerinthemilitaryornavalsorvieeshall
in time of peace be dismissed from service except
upon and in pursuance of the sentence of a court-
martial to that effect or in commutation thereof."
The right, of removal of a military or naval
officer is given by the Constitution in the same
words as the right to. remove a civil officer, it
being in each case only an incident to the
power of appointment; and if it be constitu-
tional to limit the power of the President to
remove amilitary or naval officer, as he affirmed
when he signed the bill referred to, then the
tenure-of-office bill is also.constitutionai. No
sophistry or ingenuity can point out a distinc-
tion in principle between them.
Believing that the President has been guilty
of a flagrant violation of the Constitution and
the laws by an act fraught with incalculable
danger to the Republic unless the usurpation of
power be promptly re&isted by the Representa-
tives of the people, I shall vote for the resolu-
tion proposed by the committee, that he be im-
peached of high crimes and misdemeanors.
Mr. BO\ Kit. Mr. Speaker, the majority,
in this House, by overwhelming force of num-
bers, are able to accomplish any purpose upon
wliieh-they are united. The minority can gen-
erally do little else than protest. It is not
always permitted to us to argue. But we should
be^ recreant to our duty if we did not embrace
this opportunity, however icstrieted, to repeat
our warnings to the people and to direct their
attention to the perils of the impending crisis,
Day by day the action of this Congress is sig-
nalized by some new aggression against one or
the other of the coordinate branches of the
Government; and at this moment the meas-
ures pending before Congress for the destruc-
tion ot the independence of the judiciary and
the ^Executive are many and varied.
Twice before during the present session of
Congress the removal of the President has been
threatened by attempted impeachment. But
this Congress has been compelled to declare
by its own unwilling verdict that, up to within
