,2386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May-7:,
many, until at last we realize the pitiful and
lamentable condition of Kurope, where the.
blood and tears and sweat of the afflicted cry
from the earth like the blood of Abel.
Now, Mr. Speaker, we owe to every man
who desires to possess it a reasonable portion
of .the unoccupied land of the nation. The
right inheres in him and it inheres in the great
mass of his fellow-men, because he and they
are alike to be benefited—he directly, they in-
'direetly. That right the homestead law recog-
nizes and protects.
The history of human govern mentis a history
of errors gradually developing into truths. The
further back we go in the development of the
race the more powerful do we find error, and
the fiercer and bloodier are the struggles with
which it resists truth. Oceans of blood were
necessary to washout a single wrong; and when
one wrong was obliterated the judgments of
men moved sluggishly forward, a pace, to coagu-
late again into some new error.
The first great right struck at by the barbar-
ism of man is the right of the individual to a
share of the land. Conquest in the old time
meant confiscation of the soil and its absorp-
tion into a few hands; hence serfdom, wretch-
edness, and degradation. Progress now means
simply carrying into effect the plain, simple,
benevolent rules which God meant for his earth.
The earth is for man. As the race cannot exist
without the support afforded by the productions
of the soil, so the individual man cannot rest
with safety upon any basis save his right to a
share in that soil.
The great end of government is the improve-
ment of the condition of the individual; and
.vliat can more tend to his welfare than a share
in the great source of all wealth—the cultivable
surface of the earth? For, when we consider
it closely, civilization itself rests upon agricul-
ture. The world's wealth has been taken from
itsbosom. Thisprolific mother, never wearied,
has been giving of her strength and richness to
her children through uncounted generations.
The word " Aryan," the name of the parent
stock from which all the white races of the
world originated, is derived from the root
"ar," signifying to plow; because of all the
barbarians this race alone, destined to rule the
world, tore open the surface of the soil and
planted therein the food-producing plants. And
it is a striking fact that from this same root
"ar" is derived the Latin "ars" or "artis,"
and our own word "art;" as if philology itself
would bear testimony that the cultivation of
the soil was the first great art and the parent
of all the other arts.
The miner, while he delves into the bowels
of the earth, is fed and clothed by the produc-
tions of its surface. The fleets which whiten
the sea's broad surface are laden with the fruits
of the soil. Our cities, our sciences, our lux-
uries, our learning, all rest upon this one
grand basis : the power of the soil to multiply
manyfold the seed given into its charge.
Any policy, therefore, which sets the plow
moving in new lands is a benefit to civilization
and to the w'hole human family. The right to
own and occupy the soil belongs, therefore,
not alone to the individual who avails himself
of it, but it is the right of his fellow-men that
he should be able to avail himself of it.
There arc two things which cannot be con-
fined to the sources which beget them—good
and evil. They are like the expansive gases—
they will dilate until reduced to inappreciable
quantities. No limit can confine them, no
hands can fetter them. Hence when you put
a man in the way of doing good you benefit all
men around him ; when you confine him to evil
he gives off evil influences like a pestilence.
Let us reduce this to details.
The wilderness is barren; it is useless, save
to the few wild creatures that range over its
surface.
Set the plow moving, and the result is
wealth. But wealth is only valuable as it is
able to communicate and interchange itself
with other wealth. Hence the necessity for
roads. Where these roads converge there are
towns and cities, and these give birth to greater
roads, increasing like the veins as you approach
the heart of commerce. Whatnext? Believe
the primal animal necessities of man and his
higher nature comes into play—it begins to dart
out and reach at new subjects. It observes, it
inquires, it reflects. New wants arise with new
knowledge, and these again beget other wants.
Give a man wealth, and civilization comes to
him clad in a thousand attractive shapes and
colors. It is said that the earth taken from
the depths of mines, where it has slept for thou-
sands of years, if exposed to the gun's rays will
develop all manner of novel and singular
plants. So when civilization beams upon the
mind of man, it awakens the seeds of a multi-
tude of new wants of which he was before un-
conscious. Society is the interchange of wants.
Whenever you afford man the opportunity to
improve his condition you widen the area of
civilization. Every bushel of wheat grown
is a contribution to the wealth of the world,
and, therefore, to the comfort of the human
family. Hence we may say that every plow
set moving on the plains of the West is felt in
its consequences through all the populations
of Europe.
And how pitiful, Mr. Speaker, is the condi-
tion of those populations? They lie at the base
of a column of injustices heaped high above
them. How desolate is the cry which their
wretchedness, their misery, their very sinful-
ness, sends up to heaven ? How pale, how
bloodless are their poor faces as they gather
in the fetid alleys of the great cities of the Old
World, or sit down patiently to their insuffi-
cient food in miserable cabins ? The whole
past of the human family seems to rest crusli-
ingly upon them. Conquests a thousand years
old yet press upon their shoulders. The dis-
tinctions of race and caste and religion, and all
the million forms of injustice growing out of
these, yet hold them under their feet. They
look to the laws and they are against them ;
they look to the land and it is occupied ; they
can only hope by the most cruel and unceasing
toil to snatch a living more scant, more preca-
rious than that which the gaunt wolf gathers
in the depths of the forest.
What nobler task can we then assign our-
selves than to make plain and smooth the path
of these poor people to homes in the New
World—to lead them out from sufforing and
want into abundance and prosperity?
Should not, then, the great natural rights of
poor men in Europe and this country be pro-
tected by the passage of the bill now under
consideration? Does not the welfare of the
nation itself demand it? Who will be injured
by such a measure? .
When the speculator purchases large tracts
of laud m anew country, what is his purpose?
He well knows that the wilderness never of
itself rises in value. Any increase of value must
be given to it by the actual work put upon it by
human skill and industry. His purpose, then,
is to enrich himself by the work of the poor man
who may settle upon land near him. This, then,
is capital increasing itself by the unrequited
toil of the poor. The poor man struggles against
hardships, he builds fences, he builds houses, he
supports schools and churches, he creates roads,
he establishes towns ; and the wealthy specula-
tor, looking on from afar off, quietly derives
large profits from all these heroic exertions.
Nay, more, he is an impediment to the actual
settler. In just such proportion as the actual
settler's improved land appreciates the value
of the speculator's wild land in just such pro-
portion does the speculator's wild land depre-
ciate the value of the actual settler's improved
farm. The non-resident's lands are the spots
and blotches left of the original wilderness on j
the face of the settled country. They are blocks j
in the path of progress. They decrease the vil- i
lages; they hinder settlements; they prevtmt i
schools and churches; they render population ;
sparse ; they are every way an injury and in no 1
sense a benefit. j
Let me refer for one instant to my own State. !
On the east side of the upper Mississippi i
river large quantities ef the public lands fell
at an early day into the hands of speculators i
on the west side but few speculators secured
lands. Mark the result: Steams country, oa
the west side, increased from I860 to 18G6
seventy-five per cent., while Benton county on
the east side, immediately across the river,
decreased over twenty per ccnt. ; Wright county
on the west side increased fifty-three and three
fourths per cent., while Anoka on the east,
immediately across the river, increased only
seven per cent. ; McLeod on the west side in-
creased ninety-one per cent., while Sherburne,
on the east side, increased only thirteen and
three fourths per cent. The difference is
summed up in this: the east side was cursed
with speculators; the west side was blessed
with actual settlers.
But it is said that the men who avail them-
selves of the homestead law are poor men. Be
it so. Are they not, therefore, ihe very men
who most need the bounty and aid of a gener-
ous Government? No higher testimony could
be afforded to the justice and expediency of
the measure, than that it helps those who most
need help. If it will convert poor, honest,
industrious men, with nothing but their brave
hearts and willing hands, into a wealthy and
prosperouspopnlation. it proves itself the very
philosopher's stone of legislation. The great
Napoleon said that the chief object of his ad-
ministration was " to drive mendicancy out of
France for ever." In that sentence he summed
up the true end of Government; because to
destroy "mendicancy" it would be neces-
sary to lift up all the grades of society above
that grade, and to do this he would have to
improve the material condition of all his people,
livery poor man relieved from poverty widens
the opportunities of every other poor man, and
so raises the standard of every member of the
community.
I read the other day the history of the
Shenandoah valley, and I learned that the
aristocracy of that beautiful and fertile region
were the descendants of the poor squatters who
first won it from the wilderness.
Mr. Benton, in one of his speeches, said :
"I saw, in early life, in Tennessee, that the for-
tunes and respectability of many families were de-
rived from the six hundred and forty acre head-
rights, which tlie State of North Carolina had
bestowed upon the first settlers."
The same statesman, in another speech in
the Senate, gave a remarkable instance of this
kind ill the histoiv of "Granny White," at
that time well known to the people of Middle
Tennessee. He said:
_ "At the age of sixty she had been left a widow,
m one of the counties in the tide-water region of
North Carolina. Her poverty was so great thatwhen
she went to the county court to get a couple of little
orphan grandchildren bound to her, the justices re-
iused to let her have them, because she could riot
give security to keep them off the parish. This com-
pelled her to emigrate; and she set off with the two
little boys upon a journey of eight or nine hundred
miles to what, was then called 'the Cumberland set-
tlement.' Arrived in theneij?hborhoodof Nashville
a generous-hearted Irishman—his name deseives to
bo remembered, Thomas MeCiory—lot her have a.
corner of his land on hei own terms, a nominal price
and indefinite credit. It was fifty acres in extent,
and comprised the two faces of a pair of confronting
hills, whose precipitous declivities lacked a few de-
grccs, and but a lew, of mathematical perpendieu-
lauty. Mr. Benton said he knew it well, * lor he had
seen the old lady's pumpkins propped and supported
with.stakes to prevent their ponderous weight from
teaung up the vine and rolling to the bottom of tho
lulls, lucre was just room at their base ior a road
to run between, and not room for a house, for whieh
purpose a part of the hill had to be dujr awav. Yot,
trom this hopeless beginning, with the advantage of
a iittlc piece ut ground that was her own, this a^ed
widow and two htt e arandchildren of eight online
yeais old advanced herself,to comparative wealth :
money,slaves, horses.cattle : and heriiekUexteuded
into the val.ey below, ami heroiphan grandchildren
were raised up to honor and independence.' These
°,* ec°nomy and industry, and anoblo
poor v e advantage of giving land to the
-Ihe homestead law needs but one thing
more ; as it is founded upon the principle that
it is more advantageous to the natiou for the
poor m a to occupy the land without price
than for the rich absentee to take It at the high-
est possible price, it is necossary thai the p-ria-
