1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ciple should be carried out to its logical con-
clusion, namely: that all the lands capable of
cultivation by actual settlers should be given
to i he actual settlers, and that none should be
sold to speculators. And this is the pending
bill which we ask to enact into a law.
It is the logical sequence of all that has gone
before it in the land legislation of our country.
The preemption law and the homestead law
both point inevitably in this direction. Having
given these rights to the pioneer we must sweep
the public lands clear of all impedimenta, and
leave the field open to him alone.
I am aware, Mr. Speaker, that this measure
will be strongly opposed. I am aware that its
enactment may be long delayed, but like the
preemption law and the homestead law it will
eventually triumph.
It will bo opposed on various grounds. By
some it will be urged that we are depriving the
Government of large revenues, to be derived
from the sales of public lands. Let us examine
this.
J find by the report of the Commissioner of
the General Land Office that the estimated ex-
'penses of that bureau for the current year will
be as follows :
For salaries of Commissioner, clerks, recorders,
&e $236,600
For maps, diagrams, stationery, &c  10,000
For salaries ot land officers, &c  232,200
For compensation of Surveyor General and
clerks  88,108
For surveys of public lands  209,000
Total $775,903
Now, if we suppose tbe cash receipts of all
kinds from the sale of public lands to reach dur-
ing the current year the same amount they
attained during the year ending June 30, I860,
namely, $824,545 08, and if we deduct from
this aggregate the estimated expenses, as set
forth above, we will find that the sales of the
public lands during the current year will net
the Government just $48,737! A mere pit-
tance compared with the great in terests at stake.
It is apparent that the question of revenue
from the sale of the lands need not therefore
enter into the consideration of this case.
Let us turn to another aspect of the matter.
If the sale of the public land yields so little
direct revenue, what is the amount of the in-
direct revenue derived by taxation from the
prosperity and wealth of the people? Let a
few facts speak.
As long ago as 1832 Mr. King, of Alabama,
summed up the experience of the Government
upon this point as follows:
"The history of the public lands of the United
Statesfurnishes the most instructive lessons ot the
inutility of sale,i, the value of cultivation, and the
fallacy of large calculations. These lands were ox-
pccted, at the tune they were acquired by the
United States, to pay off the public debt immedi-
ately, to support the Government, and to furnish
large surplusses for distribution. Calculations for a
fund of $1,000,000,000 were made upon them. Yet,
after an experience of nearly fifty years, it is fouud
that the sales of the public lands, so far from paying
the public debt, have barely defrayed the expenses
of managing the lands, while the revenue derived
from cultivation has paid both principal and interest
of the debts of two wars, and supported the Federal
Government in a style of expenditure infinitely be-
yond the conceptions of those wtio established it. The
gross proceeds of the sales are but $38,000,000, from
which the large expenses of the system are to be de-
ducted; while the clear receipts from the customs,
after paying all expenses of collection, amount to
8556,443.830. Tbisimmenseamountol revenue springs
Irom the useof soil reduced to private property. The
duLies are derived from imported goods; the goods
are received in exchange for exports, the productions
of the faun and the forest."
Now, from that time to the present, the
amount of receipts from the sales of public
land over and above the cost of the system
lias been steadily decreasing, with the growth
of our homestead and preemption laws, until
it reaches in the current year less than $50,000.
Now, if we will suppose that in the past thirty-
six years the entire receipts from the sales of
public lands have reached an aggregate as
great as that of the fifty years before 1832, we
will have the sum of $76,000,000—the grand
total which the United States Government has
derived from the sale of all its lands since its
foundation. From this is to be deducted the
cost of the lands, as follows:
For the purchase of Louisiana Terri-
tory .$14,984,872 28
Interest on $11,250,000  8,529,358 43
For the purchase of Florida  4,985,599 82
Interest to September 30,1832  1.489,768 6<i
Payment of compact with Georgia  1,065,484 06
Payment of settlement with Yazoo
claimants  1,830,808 04
$32,885,891 29
From this is also to be deducted the many
millions paid to the Indians in extinguishment
of their titles, which amounted thirty years ago
to about fifteen millions; and the many other
millions paid to surveyors, land officers, and
the horde of other officers who have been
employed to prepare the lands for sale or to
sell them.
I doubt if the entire sale of lands has yet
paid one half the original cost of the same and
the expenses of managing them. So far from
being a source of revenue the Government has
most assuredly not yet received back the
money expended upon them.
Contrast this result with that revenue which
is derived from the prosperity of the country,
and is the measure of its productions.
In 18l>(3 the total amount derived from internal
revenue in the United States was $310,000,000;
from customs, $132,000,000, making a grand
total of $442,000,000.
Thus the revenue derived from the produc-
tions of the lands in the hands of industrious
cultivators was, in one year, $300,000,000 more
than the total amount derived from the sale of
all our pub lie lands since the foundation of the
Government!
Take my own State—Minnesota. In 186G
the total amount received by the General Gov-
ernment from the sale of public lands in that
Stfite was but $54,337 20, while the amount
paid by the citizens of Minnesota as internal
revenue was, in the same year, §300,889 45.
But it is not necessary to pursue this subject
further. Humanity and justice, as well as
policy and statesmanship, all insist that we
should sell the arable public lands of the na-
tion to those who will live upon and cultivate
them, and to those alone. In this way we shall
advance the welfare of our citizens, add to the
wealth of the country, open opportunities for
the poor but enterprising, and build deep and
wide the foundations of our prosperity upon
the hearts of a happy and grateful people.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. 1 desire to
present three amendments to the bill, which I
propose to offer at the proper time. I ask
that they be read for information.
The amendments were read, as follows:
Add at the end of section one:
And provided further. That nothing herein con-
tained shall prohibit the sale of such lands as may
be unsuitable for homestead occupancy, by being
incapable of cultivation, to be determined in such
manner as the Secretary of the Interior may pre-
scribe.
Second amendment:
Add anew section, as follows:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That in all cases
where any tract or tracts of land have thereon valu-
able deposits of gold, silver, quicksilver, or other
niineraSs, and by reason thereof, in the opinion of
the Secretaiy ot the Treasury, it may be expedient
to sell such lands at public sale, he shall be author-
ized to reserve such lands from sale under the laws
now authorizing the sale of mineral lands, and cause
tlieni to be sold at sueh times, by public auction, as
he may deem advisable.
Third amendment:
Add as section four:
Skc. 4. And be it further enacted, That every tract
of land capable of cultivation which may Ileieafter
be granted to railway orother companies, or to any
State to aid in the construction of railways or other
works, whether under existing law or laws hereafter
enacted, shall be sold by such grantees only tu actual
settlers in quantities not greater than one quarter
section to any one person, and at a price not exceed-
ing two dollars per acre; and the Secretary of tho
Interior shall have power to prescribe rules and
regulations for carrying this act into effect: and no
person shall be deemed an actual settler who does
not furnish evidence in such form as the Secretary
of the Interior may prescribe, that it is his or her
intention to enter upon, improve, and reside upon
the lands he or she may purchase as and for a home-
stead. And every tract of land of eighty acres shall
be deemed capable of cultivation which has thereon
ten acrcs suitable for cultivation or grazing.
obtained the floor, but
Mr. HOPKINS
yielded to
Mr. JULIAN, who moved that the House
adjourn.
ihe motion was agreed to j and thereupon
(at four o'clock and twenty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. CHURCHILL: The petition of
Smith & Post and other firms and individ-
uals of Oswego and of Utiea, New York, im-
porters and dealers in lumber, asking that the
duty on imported lumber be changed from ad
valorem to specific.
By Mr. GARFIELD: The petition of citi-
zens of Youngstown, Ohio, for an increase of
duties on imports.
By Mr. IIALSEY: The petition of Henry
M. Pritehard, of Charlotte, North Carolina,
asking Congress to remove his disability, so
that he may vote and hold office.
By Mr. HUMPHREY: The remonstrance
of Lieutenant Colonel John Nicholson and
many others, officers of the volunteer service in
the late war, now residing in Buffalo, New
York, against the passage of a bill introduced
into Congress by Senator Wilsox, of Massachu-
setts, prohibiting the payment of claims of the
volunteer officers for additional compensation
now allowed them by law.
By Mr. MERCUR: The memorial of George
Chorpenning, in regard to his claim underact
for his relief approved March 3, 1857.
By Mr. MYERS: The petition of Anne E.
Wing, mother of Charles A. Wing, deceased,
late of company F, fifteenth New York volun-
teers, for arrears of pension.
By Mr. ROBINSON: The petition and pa-
pers of J. G. Belden, for use and loss of steamer
Bayou by United States Navy.
By Mr. SPALDING : The petition of II. P.
Sanford and others, citizens of Lake county,
Ohio, for an increased tariff upon imports.
By Mr. VAN AERNAM: The petition of
Almira H. Thompson, for compensation as
nurse during the war and money expended.
By Mr. VAN HORN, of New York: The pe-
tition of citizens of Lockport, New York, ask-
ing a pension to the widowed mother of the
late Colonel Donnelly, of the twenty-eighth
New York volunteers.
Also, the petition of William Reynolds, ask-
ing to be reimbursed for expenses incurred in
defending himself against unlawful arrest and
prosecution as a deserter.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, May 8, 1808.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
correction ol' till: journal.
Mr. BUTLER. I desire to offer a resolution
for the correction ofthe Journal.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Journal of the House be, and
hereby is. amended by sinking therefrom all record
of a resolution offered by Mr. Robisson, of New
York, on the 7th of May instant, beginning * He-
solved. That the resolution adopted by this House on
tbe 28th dayof February, 1868," said resolution being
and intended to be a censure on the action of this
House and not fit to be entered on the Journal
thereof.
Mr. BLDRIDGE. I object to the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Massachusetts that the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Robinson] was not entered on the Journal,
according to the rule, which is to be found on
page 100 of the Digest, which the Clerk will
read.
Tbe Clerk read as follows:
"All motions, however, to be entered on the Journal
must be first entertained by the Speaker."
The SPEAKER. The Chair declined to
