1364
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 22,
tary of the Department, of W ar, or of any other officer
of either of the said Departments whose appoint-
ment is not in the head thereof, whereby they cannot
perform the duties oi their said respective officcs, it
shall be lawful for the President of the United States,
in case he shall think it necessary, to authorize any
person or persons, at his discretion, to perforin the
duties of the said respective offices until a successor
be appointed or such vacancy be filled."
T ask, in return, in what act or in what.line
of law are the provisions of the act which I
have just quoted repealed. I challenge con-
tradiction. The act which I have last quoted
has not been repealed, and it provides that in
case of a vacancy m the office of the Depart-
ment of War the President shall, at his dis-
cretion, appoint some one to discharge the
functions and duties of that office.
Mr. MYERS. Will the gentleman yield?
Mr. BOYEIi. For a question only.
Mr. MYERS. The gentleman has invited a
response from this side.
Mr. BOYER. I have not invited a speech,
but X have asked any gentleman to indicate to
me in what law or yiause of any act the au-
thority which I have just referred to has
been repealed.
Mr. MYERS. I propose to answer that.
Mr. BOYISH. I will allow the gentleman to
point out the law; not to make a speech.
Mr. MYERS. 1 do not intend to make a
speech. I shall only occupy the gentleman's
time a moment.
Mr. BOYEIi. Let us sec the law.
Mr. MYERS. I say, Mr. Speaker, that, rising
above and beyond the tenure-of-office law, the
President has violated the Constitution in that
there is no power of removal there, a power
which is simply incident to the power of ap-
pointment. And I say that the tenuie-of-office
act which he cites 
Mr. BOYEIi. I wq,nt an answer to my
inquiry; not a speech.
Mr. MYERS. 1 am about to answer.
Mr. BOYER. The gentleman has cited the
Constitution of the United States and the ten-
ure-of-office act. I resume the floor.
Mr. MYERS. I ask the gentleman to allow
me 
Mr. NIBLACK. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Boyer]
has the floor.
Mr. MYERS. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Boyer] has a right to refuse to
yield. He says that he declines to yield, and
ho must be allowed to proceed without inter-
ruption. The Chair will protect him.
Mr. BOYER. The gentleman was about to
make what appeared to me to be an unfair use
of the privilege I extended to him to point out
to me his authority by attempting to inject a
speech into my limited time. I expressly
stated that I did not yield for that. He has
cited the Constitution of the United States. 1
propose to come to that presently and consider
it if I have time.
Mr. MYERS. Will my colleague yield to
me now'!
Mr. BOYER. I do not yield further. In
view of the operation of the act of 1795, the
only material question is, was there a vacancy
in the office of Secretary of War? If there
was the President had a right either to allow
Mr. Stanton to exercise for the time the func-
tions of the office or lie had a right, at his
pleasure, to give him notice to quit and to fill
his place by another man, for Edwin M. Stan-
ton was simply a tenant on sufferance, having
overstayed hus term by the terms of the very
act upon which gentlemen base their charges
of "violation of the law against the President.
If there has been any violation of the law it
has been on the part of that man w ho now holds
possession of the War Office by force, and il
there is any man who can be held ciiminally
responsible for a violation of the civil tenure
act that man is Edwin M. Stanton, who is
guilty of a high misdemeanor and subject^ to
line and imprisonment under the tilth section
of that act, which provides:
" That if any person shall, contrary to the provis-
ions of this act, accept any appointment to or em-
ployment in any office, or shall hold or exercise, or
attempt to hold or exercise, any such office or employ-
ment, he shall be deemed, and is hereby declared to
bo, guilty of a high misdemeanor; and upon trial
and conviction thereof lie shall be punished there-
for by a tine not exceeding #10,000, or by imprison-
ment not exceeding live years, or both said punish-
ments, in the discretion of the court."
If his term has expired and he holds over
against the will of the appointing power, then
lie is amenable in the manner in which 1 have
indicated and under the section which I have
quoted.
But it is said that the President acknowl-
edged the status of Mr. Stanton as Secretary
of War, and admitted that he had no right to
do otherwise than lo suspend him temporarily
subject to the action ot the Senate, because
when be suspended him he sent in his reasons
to the Senate in the maimer indicated by the
act of 1807. But what of that? Independent
of the act of 1867, tho right to remove includes
the lesser right to suspend; and if the act of
18G7 had never been passed the President might
still at his discretion have given his reasons to
the Senate for the suspension of an officer.
Though there was nothing to compel him to do
it, he had a right surely to exercise his judg-
ment and discretion in the matter. Secondly,
the validity and applicability of the statute are
notto be construed by theacts of any individual,
but must be judged and construed by themselves
without reference to the understanding of the
President or his subordinates.
Again, if the President chose in this way to
do an act which ho was not required by law to
do, it was not in his power as a high official
to waive any of the rights which belonged to
his office under the law. 'They were not his to
giveaway. They belonged not to Andrew John-
son, but to the President of the United States.
Let us now look at this case from another point
of view. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bing-
ham] admitted in his speech that tho President
could not be lawfully impeached for an error
of judgment alone. Unless, therefore, the
President, in bis denial of the binding force or
applicability of an act of Congress, is inten-
tionally au'l perversely a violator of the law, he
is not liable to its penal provisions. Suppos-
ing Stanton to bo protected by tho act m bis
present position, there still remains the ques-
tion in relation to its constitutionality. If the
President denies its validity upon that ground
in what companionship do we find him?
Madison, the father of the Constitution;
Jackson, the founder of that democratic school
in which Andrew Johnson was educated; the
members ol the earliest Congress that ever sat
under the Constitution—among whom were
many of its framers—all believed and main-
tained that the constitutional right of the Presi-
dent to remove from office his Cabinet ministers
was a right vested in him by the Constitution,
and his absolutely beyond legislative control.
The greatest commentators on the American
Constitution, Story and Kent, speak of this as
the settled construction of the Constitution. It
is judicially announced as established constitu-
tional law by the Supreme Court ill ex parte
Heenan, reported in 13 Peters, page 13l>, in
which the court, alluding to the power of re-
moval by the President, says:
"J5ut it was very early adopted as tho practical
construction of the Constitution that this power was
vested m the President alone. And such would ap-
pear to have been tho legislative construction of the
Constitution. I°or, in the organization ei tlio three
great Departments of State, \\*a.r, and Treasury, in
the year X7S0, provision is made lor tho appointment
of a subordinate otlicor by the head of the Depart-
ment, who should havothcchargeaiod custody oi the
records, books, andpapers appertaining to the ollico
when the head of tho Departmentshould boremoved
from the office by the President of the United
States."
In 1789 there was a debate in Congress upon
this subject, in which Madison said:
" Cut let ud not consider the question on ono sido
only; there are dangers to be contemplated on the
otlier. Vest this power in the Senate jointly with tho
Pi evident, and yon abolish at onoo 1 liat^roat piim-i-
1>1,> of unity and responsibility in the executive de-
partment which was intended for'tho seeunty of lib-
erty and the public good."
When, in 1864. the question was again re-
vived, Mr. Madison, in a letter to Edward
Coles, dated October 15, .1834, said:
"You are at a loss for tho innovating doctrines of
the Senato to which I aiiuded. Permit me to specify
tho following:
"The claim on constitutional ground to a share in
the removal a3 well as appointment of officers is in
direct opposition to the uniform practice of tho Gov-
ernment fromits commencement. It is clear that the
innovation would not only vaiy essentially the exist-
ing balance of power, but expose the Executive occa-
sionally to a total inaction, and at all times to delays
fatal to tho due execution of the laws."
Again, in a letter to Charles Francis Adams,
dated October 137 1835, the same expounder
of the Constitution he had so large a share in
making said:
"The right of suffrage, the rule of .apportioning
representation, and tho mode of appointing to and
removing from officc are fundamentals in atree Gov-
ernment and ought to bo fixed by the Constitution.
If alterable by the Legislature the Government might
become the creator of the Constitution ot which it is
itself but the croaturo."
I will quote but one more extract from the
same author. In a letter to John M. Patton,
dated March 24, 1831, he says;
"Should the controversy on removals from office
end in the establishment of a share in the power, as
claimed for the Senate, it would materially vary tho
relations among the component parts ot the Govern-
ment and disturb tho operation of tho checks and
balances now understood to exist. If tho right of the
Senate be, or be made, a constitutional one, it will
enable that branch ot the Government to force on the
executive department a continuance inoffi.ee even of
the Cabinet officers, notwithstanding a change from
a personal and political harmony with the President
to a state of open hostility toward him. If the right
of the Senate bo made to depend on the Legislature
it would still be grantable in that extent; and, even
with tho exceptions of the heads of Departments and
a few other officers, the augmentation of the senato-
rial patronage and the new relation between the Sen-
ate directly and tho Legislature indirectly with the
Chief Magistrate would be ielt deeply in the general
administration of the Government. The innovation,
however modified, would more than double the dan-
ger of throwing the executive machinery out of gear,
and thus anestmg tho march of the Government
altogether." * * * * * * #
"The Constitution of the United States may doubt-
less disclose, from time to time, faults which call for
the pruning or tho ingrafting hand. But remedies
ought to be applied, not in the paroxysms of party
ami popular excitements, but with the more leisure
and reflection, as the great departments q£ power
according to experienc3 may be successfully and
alternately m and outof public favor, and as changes
hastily accommodated to those vicissitudes would
dc^Uoy the symmetry and the stability aimed at m
our political system."
President Jackson, in his protest; dated
April 15, 1834, against the assumption of any
power on the part of the Senate to interfere
with his power over removals from office, said:
"The executive power vested in the Senate is
neithor that of'nominating' nor ' appointing.' It is
merely a cheek upon tho executive power of appoint-
ment. It individuals proposed for appointment by
the President are by them deemed incompetent or
unworthy they may withhold their consent, and the
appointment cannot be made. They check theaction
of the Executive, but cannot, in relation to those very
subjects, act themselves nor direct him. Selections
are istill made by tho President, and the negative
given to the tfenato without diminishing responsibil-
ity furnishes an additional guarantee to the country
that the subordinate executive as well as the judicial
offices shall be filled with worthy and competent men.
"The whole executive power being vested in the
President, who is responsible for its exercise, it is a
necessary conscqucnco that ho should have a right
to employ agents ot his own choice to aid him in the
performance of his duties and to discharge them
when he is no longer willing to be responsible for
tiiciraots. In strict accordance with this principle
the power of removal, which like that of appoint-
ment, is an original executive power, is left un-
checked by the Constitution in relation to all exeo-
tifivc officers, for whose conduct the President is
responsible, while it is taken irom him in relation to
judicial officers, for whose aets he not responsible.
In the Government from which many of the funda-
mental principles of our system are derived, the head
of tho executive department originally had power to
appoint and u-movo at will all officers, executive
and judicial. It was to take the judges out of this
general power of removal, and thus make them in-
dependent ot the Executive, that the tenure of their
otlicoi was changed to good behavior. Nor is it con-
ceivable why they are placed in our Constitution
upon a tenure dirt'eiont from that of all of her officers
appointed by tho Executive unless it be for tho bam©
porpos-e.
" l>ut if there were any just ground for d' abt on the
face of tne Constitution, whether all executive officers
ai o removable at the will of the President, itrts ob*
yiafed by the contemporaneous construction of the
instrument and the uniform practice under it.
The power of removal was a topi: of solemn dobato
in the Congress of 1789 while organizing the admin-
istrative departments of the Government, and it was
finally decided that tho President derived from the
Constitution the power of removal, so far as it regards
