2888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GhOM.
Maj
entertain the resolution of tbe gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Robinson,] on the ground
■that it was not, as the gentleman alleged, a
question of privilege. It could not, therefore,
be entered on the Journal, and is not incorpo-
rated in the Journal.
Mr. BUTLER. Then I withdraw the reso-
lution.
adjournment till monday.
, Mr. WOODWARD. I move that when the
House adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet at ten
o'clock on Monday next.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania that he
modify his motion so that there may be a ses-
sion to-morrow for debate only.
Mr. WOODWARD. No: 1 cannot do that.
My reason for making the motion is that 1 feel
the want of to-morroiv, and I presume every
member who is upon a committee feels the
want of to-morrow to prepare committee busi-
ness. Our attention has been so much occu-
pied by the proceedings in the Senate that there
has not been time to prepare committee busi-
ness, and I think one day just now would be
exceedingly acceptable to members for that
purpose.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. So far as
I am individually concerned I would be glad
to concur in the proposition of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Woodward.] But
there are many gentlemen here who have
speeches which they desire to deliver. It does
not require any of us to come here to hear them,
but we can attend to our business just as well.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, to adjourn till Mon-
day at ten o'clock a. m., will require unanimous
consent, as the hour of meeting is fixed by the
rule of the House.
Mr. WOODWARD. Ithink it desirable for
the House to meet before or at the time the
Senate meet.
The SPEAKER. The Senate meet in secret
session at ten o'clock.
Mr. WOODWARD. The order of the Sen-
ate fixing the hour of meeting on Monday does
not provide for a secret session. The record
in the Globe is as follows:
" On motion of Mr. Yates, it was
"Ordered, That when the Senate adjourn it be to
Monday next at ten o'clock a. m.''
The SPEAKER. The Chief Justice, presid-
ing in the Senate, has decided that, unless
otherwise ordered, the Senate sitting for the
trial must meet with the doors closed ; and
therefore the House could not bo at the bar of
the Senate at ten o'clock a. m. The House
must meet at twelve o'clock m., unless other-
wise ordered by unanimous consent.
Mr.WOODWARD. Very well; I will mod-
ify my motion so that when the House adjourns
to-day it shall be until Monday next at twelve
o'clock m.
The question was then taken upon the mo-
tion of Mr. Woodward, as modified; and upon
a division there were—ayes 52, noes 8o; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Woodward
and Mr. Lawrence, of Pennsylvania, were
appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 71, noes 27.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved to reconsider the
vote just taken; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
connecticut avenue and park kailtvay.
Mr. SPALDING. I call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. To-day being private bill
day, the first business in order is the call of
committees for reports of a private nature,
commencing with the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, who are entitled to another
morning hour. At the expiration of the last
morning hour, on the 27th of March last, the
House was engaged iu the consideration of the
following bill, reported from the Committee
for the District of Columbia, namely, House
bill No. 420, to incorporate the Connecticut
Avenue and Park Railroad Company in the
District of Columbia. The bill had been
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time;
but not then being engrossed, it was passed
over. The bill being engrossed, it will now be
read the third time.
The bill was then read the third time.
The question was upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. WrASHBURNE, of Illinois. This bill
now provides that this company shall sell
tickets at their offices at the rate of seventeen
for a dollar. I ask consent to move an amend-
ment, so as to require the company to sell
tickets on their cars and at their offices at the
rate of ten for fifty cents and twenty for one
dollar.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I have
no objection to that amendment.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent, the bill having been read the third
time.
No objection being made, the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I now
call the previous question on the passage of
the bill.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Van IIohn] allow
me to make a suggestion?
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I will
hear it.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. If I have heard
the bill corrcctly, it does not contain any pro-
vision reserving to Congress the right to alter,
amend, or repeal this act. I do not know that
such a provision is absolutely necessary ; but
I believe it is usual to have such a provision
in these bills.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I think
there is such a clause in this bill. If not, 1
will consent to such a provision being inserted.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
sixth section of this bill.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. C. And be it farther cnnHcd, That this act may
at any tune be filtered, amended, or repealed by the
Congress of the United States.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. There is one
thing further I desire to suggest to the com-
mittee. The bill ought to contain some pro-
vision requiring this company to make report
of their receipts and expenditures.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I will say
to the gentleman from Ohio that we have re-
quired nothing of that kind from any of the
roads heretofore chartered. If any such pro-
vision is to be adopted, it should be in the
form of a general law, applicable to all the
companies alike.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from New York will find that not only
by the original act incorporating the Washing-
ton and Georgetown Railroad Company, but
by an amendatory act, that company is obliged
to make returns very full in details of all its
operations. I do not know whether the com-
pany complies with the requirement; but such
is the provision of the existing law.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. lias the
company complied with that requirement?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 do not
know. If it has not done so its charter ought
to lie taken away.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I will say
that the company we now propose to charter
has no objection to such a requirement as that
proposed ; and of course the committee do not
object.
Mr. PRICE. Is the amendment in order
without unanimous consent?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. PRICE. Then I object to the amend-
ment.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I have
already said that the committee have no objec-
tion to the amendment.
Mr. PRICE. I can, in a few minutes, if
the House will listen, give the reasons why
this amendment ought not to go into the bill.
■ The SPEAKER. The bill is ©pen to debate,
Mr. PRICE. Mr. Speaker, I know nothing
further about this bill than the reading of it
discloses to the House. But it will be observed
that the bill provides that the company shat!
build their road from and to certain points,
that they shall build their cars of a certain
size, that they shall run at certain intervals of
time, that they shall not charge more than a
certain fare; and after we have prescribed
every minutiae of regulation, it is proposed that
the company shall be required to make a re-
port of their'doings to Congress. Such a
requirement, after what is already provided in
the bill, seems to me simply surplusage. As
the company appear to have nobody here to
take care of"their interests, I propose to save
them from at least this requirement, which can
be of no possible use to the country.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is pro-
posed that this company shall be authorized to
build a horse railroad in this District, which is
exclusively under the control of Congress, and
in which all the people of the country are in-
terested. Why should the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Price] object to requiring the com-
pany to make report of their earnings and ex-
penses ? It is no hardship upon the company.
Such a provision has been inserted, I believe,
in every railroad charter heretofore granted in
this District. If the gentleman would allow me
a few moments, I think I could refer him to
the original law and the amendatory act in
relation to the railroads already incorporated.
Mr. PRICE. I think I understand this ques-
tion thoroughly, and I must insist on the objec-
tion.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I will send to
the Clerk's desk a provision which I think will
cover the point.
The SPEAKER. As the gentleman from
Iowa objects, no amendment is in order, except
by reconsidering the vote ordering the bill to
bo engrossed and read the third time. The
question is now on the passage of the bill.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move that
the bill be recommitted, with instructions to
the committee to report it back with a provis-
ion requiring the company to'make reports of
their earnings and expenditures.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. _ I desire
to say that the committee has no objection to
inserting in the bill the amendment proposed
by the gentleman from Ohio ; but to recommit
the bill will cause delay. J will promise the
House that this clause shall be inserted as an
amendment in the Senate. I hope the gentle- '
man will withdraw his motion to recommit.
Mr. PRICE. If the committee are disposed
to have this amendment adopted I certainly
shall not object. The reason of my objection
was that there seemed to be no discretion left
to this company as to building their road, con-
structing and running their cars, regulating
their fares, or m any other material respect.
Still, if the committee do not object to the
amendment, I will withdraw my objection.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. The amend-
ment which I propose is to add the following
as a new section :
And be it further enacted, That all tbe j>rovi?ions
of the act incorporating the Washington and George-
town railroad requiring reports of exncndituros ;nd
earnings and otherwise shall be applicable to tiie
Company herein incorporated, wlneh shall inuke
report? as m said net required.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
this amendment will be considered as adopted.
There was no objection.
Ihe hill, as amended, was passed.
Mr. \ AN HORN, of New York, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed:
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave oe absence.
Mr. MERCUR asked and obtained leave of
absence for next week.
william m'gakiuiiax.
Mr. T\ ILSON, of Iowa, from the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, reported back Houso bill
