S30
SUPPLEMENT TO
And now let me ask what did tho decision
amount to, supposing it had even ruled the
question at issue, but the act of a mere Legis-
lature with no greater powers than ourselves?
Is there anything in the proceedings of the
;Congress of 1789 to indicate that it ever assumed
to itself the prerogative of setting itself up as
ati interpreter of the fundamental law? The
men who composed it understood their func-
tions better than to suppose that it had any
jurisdiction over questions of this sort. If it
had, so have we, andjudgments may be reversed
on a rehearing, as constitutions cannot be. But
if it did exist whence was it derived ? How
was the Congress to bind the people by alter-
ing the law to which it owed its own existence,
and all its powers? It could not bind its suc-
cessors by making even its own enactments
irrepealable. If it had a right to give au opin-
ion upon the meaning of the Constitution, why
may we not do the same thing? The Presi-
dent obviously assumes that they were both
wiser and better than ourselves. If the respect
which he professes for their opinions had ani-
mated him in regard to the Congresses which
have sat under his administration, the nation
would have been spared much tribulation and
we relieved of the painful necessity of arraign-
ing the Chief Magistrate of the Republic at
your bar for his crimes against order, and lib-
erty, and his open defiance of law.
However it may be with others, I am not
one of those who think that all wisdom and
virtue have perished with oar fathers, or that
they were better able to comprehend the im-
port of an instrument with whose practical
workings they were unfamiliar than we who
are sitting under the light of an experience of
eighty years, and suffering from the mistakes
which they made in regard to the future. They
made none greater than the illusion of suppos-
ing that it was impossible for our institutions
to throw up to tho surface a man like Andrew
Johnson; and yet it was this mistake—perhaps
no other—that settled the first precedent, which
was so likely tifbe followed, in regard to tho
mischievous power of removal from office. But
if twenty-nine votes in the House at that day,
inakiug a meager majority of only seven, and
nine only in a Senate that was equally divided,
in the first hours of constitutional life, and with
such a President as Washington, to fling a rose-
colored light over tho future of tho Republic,
had even intended to give, and did give, a
construction to our great charter of freedom,
what is to bo said of 183 votes to 37, constitut-
ing inure than three fourths of one House, and
of 80 to 11, or nearly a like proportion of the
other, in the maturity of our strength, with a
population of nearly forty millions, and under
tho light of an experience which has proved
that even the short period of eighty years was
capable of producing what our progenitors
supposed to bo impossible oven in the long
tract of time ?
But there is one other consideration that
presents itself just here, arid it is this: it
does not strike me by any means as clear that
there was anything in the act of 178'.), aside
from any supposed attempt to give it the force
of an authoritative exposition of the Constitu-
tion, that was necessarily inconsistent with the
view of that instrument which 1 have been en-
deavoring to maintain. Taking the authority
lodged by it with the President as a mere gen-
eral grant of power, there was nothing cer-
tainly in its terms to prevent it. So far at
least as regarded the inferior officers, it re-
sulted from the express authority of Congress
to vest the power of appointment in the Presi-
dent alone, that they might have even left the
power of removal in the same hands also as an
incident. And so, too, as to the superior ones.
The power to remove in any case was but an im-
plied one. If it was necessary, as claimed, to
enable the Executive to perform his proper
functions under the Constitution, instead of
raising the power in himself by the illogical
inference, that it must belong to him qua Ex-
ecutive. it presented one of the very cases for
which it is provided expressly that Congress
shall "make all laws that shall be necessary
and properforcarryinginto execution all power
vested by the Constitution in the Government
of the United States, or in any Department or
officer thereof." To infer in the face of such
a provision as this, that any or all powers
necessary to either department of the Govern-
ment belong to them, of course, because they
are necessary, is a reflection on the under-
standings of the framers of the Constitution,
and is in effect to nullify the provision itself,
by enabling the other Departments of the Gov-
ernment to dispense entirely with the action
of the law-maker.
But, admitting the act of 1789 to import, in
its full extent, all that it is claimed to have de-
cided, it is further insisted that this untoward
precedent has been ripened into unalterable
law by a long and uninterrupted practice in
conformity with it. If it were even true, as
stated, there would be nothing marvelous in
the fact that it has been followed up by other
legislation of a kindred character. It is not
to be doubted that a general opinion did pre-
vail for many years that all the offices of the
Government not otherwise provided for in the
Constitution ought to be held at will, for the
obvious reason, among others, that it rendered
the process of removal easy by making an im-
peachment unnecessary. The only question in
dispute was in whose hands this power could
be most appropriately lodged. It so happened,
however, thatthc first of our Presidents brought
with him into tho office au elevation of char-
acter that placed him above all suspicion, and
assured to him a confidence so unbounded that
it would have been considered entirely safe to
vest him with unlimited command; and it was
but natural, as it was certainly highly conven-
ient, that the exercise of that will, which was
to determine the life of the officer, should be
lodged with him. It was so lodged.
But is there anything remarkable in tho fact
that tho precedent thus set should have been
followed up in the practice of the Government?
It would have been still more remarkable if it
had been otherwise. It was a question of pat-
ronage and power—of rewarding friends, and
punishing enemies. A successful candidate for
the Presidency was always sine to bring in with
him a majority in tho popular branch at least,
along with a host of hungry followers flushed
with their victory and hungering after the spoils.
Was it expected that they should abridge his
power to reward his friends, or air their own
virtue by self-denying ordinances? That would
have been too much for men, and politicians,
too. No. Though the wisest statesmen of the
country had realized and deplored for forty
years at least the giant vice which had been
gnawing into the very entrails of the state, and
threatened to corrupt it in all its members,
there was no remedy left, but the intervention
of that Providence which lias purified the heart
of the nation through the blood of its children,
and cast down the man who "but yesterday
might have stood against the world," so low,
that with all his royal patronage there are none
left—no, I think not one—"so poor as to do
him reverence."
It is not even true, however, that the pre-
cedent of the Congress of 1789 has been fol-
lowed invariably and without interruption since
that time. The history of ourlegislation shows
: not only repeated instances wherein the tenure
i! of otlice lias been so precisely defined as to
jl take the case entirely out of the control of the
:l Executive, but some in which even the power
of removal itself lias been substantially exer-
cised by Congress, as one would suppose it
might reasonably be, where it. creates and may
destroy, makes and may unmake, even the sub-
ject of controversy itself.
The act of 1801, already referred to in con-
nection with the case of Marbury and Madison,
j assigning a tenure of five years absolutely to
tho officer, involves a manifest departure
from it.
The five several acts of August 14, 1848,
March 8, 184'J, September, 1850, and May 3,
1854, providing for the appointment of judges
in the Territories of Oregon, Minnesota, New
Mexico, Kansas, and Nebraska, and fixing
their terms of office at four years absolutely,
are all within the same category.
The act of 25th February. 1863, followed by
that of June 3, 1864, establishing_ the office of
Comptroller of the Currency, defining his term
and making him irremovable exceptby and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, and upon
reasons to be shown, is another of the same
description.
The act of March 3, 1865, which authorizes
any military or naval officer who has been dis-
missed by the authority of the President to
demand a trial by court-martial, and in default
of its allowance within six months, or of a
sentence of dismissal or death thereby, avoids
the order of the Executive; and the act of
July 13, 18CG, which provides that no officer
in time of peace shall be dismissed except in
pursuance of a sentence of a court-martial,
are both examples of like deviation of the
strongest kind, for the double reason that the
President is, under the Constitution, the Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Armyand Navy of the
United States, and none but civil officers are
amenable to the process of impeachment, and
that the officer dismissed is absolutely restored,
awakened into new life, and raised to his feet
by the omnipotent flat of the legislative power.
And, lastly, the act of 15th May, 1820, (3
Statutes, 082,) which dismisses by wholesale
a very large and important class of officers at
periods specially indicated therein, not only
fixed the tenure prospectively, but involves a
clear exercise of tho power of removal itself
on the part of the Legislature.
Further developments in the same direction
would no doubt reward the diligence of the
more pains-taking inquirer. That, however,
would only be a work of supererogation.
Enough have been shown to demonstrate be-
yond denial that the practice relied on has
been anything but uniform.
To establish even a local .custom or pre-
scription the element of continuity is as im-
portant as that of time. Any break in that
continuity by an adverse entry or even a con-
tinual claim, would arrest the flow of a statute
of limitations against the rightful owner of a
tenement. An interruption of the enjoyment
would be equally fatal to a prescription. But
arc wo to bo told that a case which in this view
would not even be sufficient to establish a com-
position for tithes, or a trifling easement as be-
tween individuals, is sufficient to raise a pre-
scription against a constitutional right or to
abrogate the fundamental law of a nation and
bar the inappreciable inheritance of its peo-
ple? The very statement of the proposition
would seem to furnish its own refutation.
But this is not all. If the case had even been
one of uninterrupted continuity, how is it as to
the element of time? To settle a custom, either
public or private, it must have the hoar of an-
tiquity upon it; its origin must be traced far
back into the night of time, so far that no living
memory can measure it, and no man can say
that lie has drunk at its head-springs or stood
beside its cradle. What is the case here? It is
a question of the fundamental law of a people
whose dominions embrace a continent, and
whose numbers are multitudinous as the stars
of heaven. A little more than three quarters of
a century will measure the career that they have
thus far run. What a mere span is this ? Why
I have seen on this floor, a not uninterested
spectator of this great drama, a veteran states-
man, known by fame, and perhaps personally,
to all of you, whose years go back behind your
Constitution itself. But what is a century but,
the briefest hour in the life of a State? How
is a mere non-user for seventy-five of its infant
years to be set lip either to bar a fundamental
right, or to prove that it never existed? It
required six centuries of struggle with the pre-
rogative to settle the British constitution firmly
| upon tho foundations of Magna Charta, and no
; hostile precedent of the reigns of either the
| Plantagenets or I'udors was allowed to stand in
1 the way of t.he onward movement that cul-
