3412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
men in one State should have the monopoly of
the manufacture of vinegar, while in other
States, those who have invested a large amount
of capital in the business, cannot nse it in the
manufacture of this very necessary article, I
think the provision 1 hr va sentnj>is very care-
fully guarded, so that in no possible case can
any fraud be committed upon the revenue, or
if there be any chance, let it be amended so
that no fraud can be committed.
Now, if this amendment is not adopted, I
will propose another amendment to attach a
provision to this section which shall provide
that under no circumstances shall vinegar be
manufactured from grain or any other prepara-
tion of grain; so there shall be no uncertainty
about the matter, but all shall be treated alike.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PRICE. I think the policy of very
questionable expediency of opening the door
to the free manufacture of vinegar. I am of
the opinion, from information received from
parties who have seen the operations of this
system, that while the inspector is there they
will make vinegar; when the inspector has
gone away they will make whisky. For that
reason I am opposed to opening this door.
The same necessity will not exist under this
law as did under the old law. I know that it
is claimed that they could not afford to buy
whisky that has honestly paid the tax in order
to make vinegar of it. 1 have no doubt that
is so. But if we reduce the tax to fifty cents
per gallon, one fourth of what it was before,
they can afford to buy whisky to make vinegar
of, if they desire to do so. For those two
reasons I am opposed to that section or any
other section or proviso which looks in that
direction. I do not propose to open any door
or window by which these men will be able to
steal from the revenues of the country any of
the tax which legitimately and properly belongs
to it-. I hope, therefore, that neither the amend-
ment of my colleague [Mr. Allisok] nor any-
thing of a similar character will prevail.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move pro forma to
amend the amendment by striking out the last
sentence of the proposed new section. I desire
simply to say that here is a distinct issue made.
I agree with my eolleague on the committee—
for this is not. an amendment of the committee,
but his own proposition—as to the importance
of having the law settled. The bill proposes
to settle it by not permitting these distillers of
whisky-vinegar to escape. The amendment
now.offered is a direct contradiction of the
matter contained in the third section, and if
adopted will be equivalent to a repeal of that
section.
Now, what is the mode of proceeding in the
manufacture of vinegar, which is soughtby this
amendment to be protected? A man sets up
his distillery to convert fermented mash into
vapor. When it reaches a certain point of
disengaged alcoholic spirit in the shape of
vapor it is proposed to transfer it to a wash
composed of a little old vinegar, a little yeast,
and a great deal of vain-water, converting it
by means of this alcohol, amounting to about
five per cent, of proof whisky, into vinegar.
If the gentleman's amendment prevails the
■whole provision of the third section is de-
feated. Whether the amendment or the prop-
osition of the committee prevails, the law in
either case will be settled, and the difficulty
to which the gentleman has adverted will be
remedied. If the provision of the bill be sus-
tained the law will be settled as the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue has settled it by
his construction. If the amendment should
prevail the law will be settled as the courts
have technically settled it in some of the States.
Now, what equity is there in allowing vine-
gar-makers this advantage? The whole pro-
cess, to simplify it, is this: you have at one
end of the line your corn, at the other end
whisky. As you are converting your corn or
your mash into whisky, and first make it into
vapor, the gentleman proposes that you shall
stop there and conduct that vapor into a wash,
thus converting the wash into vinegar. What
would be the consequence of permitting distil-
leries to be set up to carry on this business?
Why, sir, they would continue to practice all
over the country, as they have pi-acticed here-
tofore, their frauds, by having condensing ap-
paratus concealed and converting the spirits
from vapor into whisky. The gentleman seeks
to guard against this. He first opens the door
to the mischief and then seeks to shut out the
mischief. Suppose he could succeed in shut-
ting out the mischief after he had once opened
the door, what then ? Is there_ any equity in
allowing this advantage to the vinegar-maker?
The vinegar-maker can buy whisky, tax paid,
and dilute it, bringing it to a point of dilution
from which he may convert it into vinegar.
But it is proposed to begin at the other end
and manufacture it as by the process of making
whisky up to a certain point, there stopping and
converting it into vinegar. We would thus let
the vinegar manufacturer have an advantage
over all other manufacturers. Everybody knows
that a very large proportion of all the alco-
holic spirit manufactured is used in the arts—
used, l'or instance, in the manufacture of a silk
hat, used in burnishing a pencil or the handle
of a pen-holder—used in ten thousand different
modes. But it is proposed to give to the vin-
egar manufacturer an advantage over all others.
Other manufacturers are compelled to obtain
the whiskytax paid, and then redistill or dilute
it, as the ease may be, to use it for their pur-
poses; but the vinegar manufacturer is to be
permitted to carry on the manufacture to a
certain point toward whisky, and there to stop,
paying no tax, but using the product thus
obtained, thereby enjoyinga benefit not enjoyed
by any other manufacturers.
Now, it is not much under the law, as you
propose to fix the tax at fifty cents. The twen-
tieth part of fifty cents' will cover the spirit
intended for the manufacture of vinegar, and
that will be one guard upon the vinegar man-
ufacture. We propose spirit shall be regarded
as such the moment it is disengaged by the
powers of distillation, and at that moment the
tax shall attach. We propose to get rid of the
subterfuges now resorted to ; that is, the catch-
ing it at some particular "time and manufac-
turing it without paying a tax. The question
is distinctly drawn.
The amendment of my friend from Iowa is
a repeal of the third section, and he might as
well put it in that form. The great virtue is in
the strict definition. We escape in that way all
possibility of the whisky-escaping tax.
The CHAIRMAN, (Mr. Culiom in the
chair.) The hour of half past four having
arrived the tax bill will be laid aside, and the
gentleman from Maine is entitled to the floor.
Such was the order of the House before going
into committee.
finance.
Mr. BLAINE. The fact that the bonds of
the United States are exempt from State and
municipal taxation has created a wide-spread
discontent among the people, and the belief
prevails quite generally that if this exemption
could be removed the local burdens of the tax-
payer would be immediately and essentially
lightened. Many persons assert this belief from
a spirit of mischievous demagogism, and many
do so from sincere and conscientious convic-
tion. To the latter class 1 would beg to submit
some facts and suggestions which may greatly
modify, if not entirely change their conclusions.
The total gold-bearing debt of the United
States, the conversion of seven-thirties com-
pleted, amounts to a little more than twenty-
one hundred million dollars ; of this sum total
something over two hundred million dollars
draw but five per cent, interest, a rate not
sufficiently high to provoke hostility or suggest
the necessity of taxation. Indeed it may be
safely said that there never has been any pop-
ular dissatisfaction with regard to the non-tax-
ation of the five per cents., it being agreed by
common consent that such a rate of interest
was not unreasonable on a loan negotiated at
such a time.
The agitation may, therefore, be regarded
as substantially eonfined to the six per cent,
gold-bearing bonds, which amount to the large
aggregate of nineteen hundred million dol-
lars. Many people Bonestly, but thoughtlessly,
believe that if this class of bonds could be taxed
by local authority the whole vast volume rep-
resented by them would at once be added to
the lists of the assessor. _ It is my purpose to
show very briefly that this conclusion is totally
unfounded and erroneous, and that if the right
of local taxation existed in its fullest and
amplest extent, but a minor fraction of the
total amount of bonds could by any possibility
be subjected to any more local tax than they
already pay.
The entire amount of these bonds, as I have
stated, is nineteen hundred million dollars;
and of this total, by the best and most careful
estimates attainable, at least six hundred and
fifty million are now held in Europe. This
amount could not, therefore, be reached by
any system of local taxation, however extended,
thorough, and searching. Deducting the
amount thus held abroad we find the amount
held at home is reduced to twelve hundred and
fifty million dollars.
But of this twelve hundred and fifty mil-
lions more than one third, or to speak with
accuracy, about four hundred and twenty-five
millions, are held by the national banks, and
no form of property in the whole United States
pays so large a tax, both local and general, as
these banks. The stock, the depositories,
and the deposits which these four hundred and
twenty-five million of bonds represent pay full
local tax at the highest rate, beside a national
tax averaging about two and a half per cent.
Were the power of local taxation made specific
and absolute on these bonds, they could not
yield a dollar more than is now realized in that
direction. It thus follows that the twelve hun-
dred and fifty million of bonds in this country,
presumptively escaping local taxation, must be
reduced by the amount represented by the
banks, and hence we find the aggregate falls
to eight hundred and twenty-five millions.
The reduction, however, goes still further, for
it must be remembered that the savings-banks
of this country have invested their deposits in
these bonds to the amount of one hundred and
seventy-five riiillions. In some States by local
law the deposits of savings-banks are exempt
from taxation, as an incentive to thrift and
economy. In other States,where these deposits
are taxed, as in Connecticut, it has been held
by judicial decision that the fact of their invest-
ment in United States bonds does not exempt
them from taxation. Hence these one hun-
dred and seventy-five millions, thus invested
in savings-bank deposits, are either locally
taxable, or, if exempt, it is by State law and
not by virtue of the general exemption of the
bonds. It thus follows that the eight hundred
and twenty-five millions must be further re-
duced by this sum of one hundred and seventy-
five millions, leaving but six hundred and fifty
millions not already embraced within the scope
of local taxation.
But there is a still further reduction of thirty
millions held by the Life insurance companies
and held on precisely the same terms as th£
deposits of savings-banks—that is, either taxed
locally, or, if exempt, deriving the exemption
from the local law. The surplus earnings and
reserves of these life insurance companies
invested to the extent of thirty millions in
United States bouds are just as open to taxa-
tion when invested in that form as though they
were in State or railroad securities. Deduct
ing these thirty millions we find the untaxed
bonds reduced to six hundred and twenty mil-
lions.
And still there is another large reduction ; for
the fire and marine insurance companies and
the annuity and trust companies and other
corporations which cannot readily be classed,
hold in the aggregate over one hundred and
twenty-five inillions of bonds, and these are
held on precisely the same basis as those held
by the savings-bank and the life insurance com-
