4436
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
ties, and obligations of other branches of the
Union Pacific railroad, and to aid in its con-
struction shall have similar grants of lands,
right of way, with like conditions, limitations,
and privileges, and upon the connection of the
Union Pacific railroad and telegraph, eastern
division, with this railroad and telegraph at
Denver City, the company shall be entitled to
the same rights and privileges as though the
whole line had been constructed by the eastern
division company. The line from Denver to
Cheyenne is to be taken in lieu of its construc-
tion of that portion of its route; and all the
provisions contained in the several acts of Con-
gress relating to the operation of the Union
Pacific railroad and telegraph, the Central
Pacific of California, and the branches of the
Union Pacific railroad and telegraph so far as
the Government, the public, and the railroad
and branches are concerned, are to apply to
the operation of the Denver Pacific railway and
telegraph, the same as though they were here
repeated, the design being to provide that the
road shall, for the purpose of through business,
be operated without change of cars or break-
ing bulk.
The Committee on the Pacific Railroad pro-
posed several amendments to the bill. The
first amendment was after the word "Chey-
enne," in line seven, to insert "and with the
Union Pacific railway, eastern division," at
Denver,
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was between the words
"privileges" and "immunities," in line ten,
to insert *'and and after "immunities" to
strike out the words "and obligations of other
branches," and insert "except subsidy in
bonds, and be subject to the obligations."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twelve to
strike out "said" and insert "the;" and
after "railroad," in the same line, to insert
" company and its branches."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirteen to
strike out " similar" and insert "like" before
"grants."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after '' privileges,:'
in line fifteen, to insert:
Provided, That patents may he issued to said com-
pany. whenever it shall have completed twenty con-
secutive miles of ita raihoad and telegraph line,
instead of forty nnies, as now provided by law;
whenever said company shall file in the Department
of the Interior a certificate of the Governor and sur-
veyor general of Colorado, whether a Territory or a
State, duly sworn to by thorn before the judge of
some court of record in Colorado, that twenty con-
secutive miles of the railroad and telegraph line of
said company have been fully completed in a good
and substantial manner, as contemplated by this
act.
Mr. HARLAN. That amendment was
drawn, 1 think, under a misapprehension of
the existing law :
" That patents may be issued to said company
whenever it shall have completed twenty consecu-
tive miles of its railroad and telegraph lino, instead
of forty miles, as now provided by law."
That was the provision of the law of 18C2;
but in the law of 1804 there was a change
made; the word "forty" was stricken out and
the word "twenty" inserted in its place. I
think that provision is unnecessary.
Mr. DRAKE. It will not do any harm.
Let it stand.
Mr. HARLAN. Very well.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines twenty-
eight and thirty-eight, to strike out " though"
and insert "if."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the fol-
lowing additional section:
Sec. 2. And !"■: it fu-rther enacted, That the Union
Pacific Railroad Company, eastern division, may
mortgage that part of its road between the point
where its subsidy in bonds shall terminate and Den-
ver City, togetherwith ir- rolling stock, to an amount
not exceeding S32.0DD per mile; and ttie Denver Pa-
cific B-niway and Telegraph Company may mortgage
its road and rolling stock to a lrke amount, tor the
purpose of enabling said companies to borrow money
to construct their said roads.
Mr. DRAKE. I move to amend the amend-
mentby inserting after the word "mile," in
line six, the words " which point shall be held
and construed under existing laws to be at or
near Cheyenne Wells, in Colorado, and not
further west than the meridian of said Wells."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment as amended.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am in favor of the
amendment; but the Senate ought to know
that the effect of it is to extend somewhat the
subsidy of the eastern division. The Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad fully consid-
ered it. I am in favor of fixing the termina-
tion at that point, but I want the Senate to
understand that the effect of it is somewhat to
extend the subsidy to the eastern division.
Mr. STEWART. How much?
Mr. SHERMAN. About forty miles. These
things ought to be distinctly understood by the
Senate. The subsidy is not fixed, nor is it an
ascertainable quantify now, because it is to be
settled by the length of the lino along the
Republican, and that was never measured. It
cannot now be ascertained, and it is difficult
to tell what the present subsidy amounts to.
The company have built the road out to a point
which is admitted on all hands to be an incon-
venient point for the termination of the sub-
sidy. The Committee on the Pacific Railroad
thought it better to fix the terminus at the
point which on the testimony we think best,
which is about forty miles beyond Fort Wal-
lace.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is this granting addi-
tional subsidy ?
Mr. SHERMAN. That will he the effect,
to grant a subsidy as far as Cheyenne Wells,
because as the Senator is probably aware the
present terminus of the eastern division is
not fixed by any geographical line ; it is only
fixed by the length of another line which lias
never been surveyed, and about which there
would be great difference of opinion if it was
surveyed. A change was made in the law in
regard to the eastern division. The former
law allowed them to go along the Republican
Fork, striking the other road at the one hun-
dreth meridian; but by a change in the law
they were allowed to divert in another direc-
tion along the Smoky Hill, and were to be
allowed the same amount of subsidy along the
Smoky Hill that they would have had along
the Republican Fork; but as the Republican
Fork line was never surveyed the distance was
never ascertained, nor can it be exactly ascer-
tained, because dispute might arise as to whore
the railroad should go. It is impossible to fix
the present termination; controversies were
likely to spring up between the company and
the United States; and the general testimony
tended to show to the committee that it would
terminate about Fort Wallace.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Where is that?
Mr. SHERMAN. On the Smoky Hill, about
two hundred miles this side of Denver. This
bill fixes the terminus at Cheyenne Wells on
the route to Denver, about forty miles beyond
what would probably be the termination of the
present subsidy. I think it is a wise provision,
but it is right that the Senate should under-
stand distinctly what the legal effect of this
amendment is.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 will state very briefly
what the effect of this bill is. By the old law,
as has been stated by the honorable Senator
from Ohio, the eastern division or Kansas
branch of the Pacific railroad had a right to a
subsidy from the point of its commencement on
the Missouri river to the one hundredth degree
oHongitude, passing up the Republican Fork.
The company has never made au accurate sur- \
vey of the length of that line, nor has the Gov- j
eminent yet ascertained the exact length of I
that line; but au engineer has now been em- !
ployed and is engaged in aseertainingitslengtb. I
I have looked over the subject as carefully as
I eould with all the data I could obtain, with a
view to ascertain the exact length of the line
upon 'which it would be entitled to subsidy in
laud and bonds, and I find that that line will
extend about forty-five miles west of the pres-
ent point to which the eastern division is com-
pleled up the Smoky Hill Fork, and will neces-
sitate the issuing of bonds to the amount, in
addition to what they would be entitled to under
the old law, of near eight hundred thousand
dollars. It will probably fall short of $800,000,
and will be between seven and eight hundred
thousand dollars. I think my estimate has been
as accurate as is practicable at the present time;
but that is the result plainly enough.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would like to ask
the chairman of the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad what provision exists for giving to
this company more than they would receive if
they had gone to the one hundredth meridian
according to the original law. They have
departed now, and as 1 understand they do not
intend to join the main route at all, but to make
a new road.
Mr. HOWARD. This bill absolutely re-
quires them to construct the line to Denver
City, and of course they are bound to construct
the line beyond Denver City until it shall form
a connection with the Omaha branch. There
is no possibility under the law as it exists at
present of diverging off to the south further.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is very true, but
I was told by the president of the company
distinctly, in an interview that he had with me,
that it was not the intention of the company to
join the main trunk, but to go off down through
New Mexico.
Mr. CONNESS. This obliges them to do it.
Mr. HOWARD. This requires them to do
it. What the Senator says is correct.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Have they changed
their intention on that subject?
Mr. HOWARD. This bill requires them
positively to form that connection, does not
permit them to diverge.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. At what place?
Mr. HOWARD. Cheyenne Wells, which
is about forty-five miles west of the point to
which the company has already completed its
line.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Where will they strike
the main line to California?
Mr. HOWARD. They will strike the main
line about fifty miles north of Denver.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is five hundred
miles from this point.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not know the length ;
hut they are not entitled to any subsidy beyond
Cheyenne Wells. They will strike the mam
line at a place known as Cheyenne City, which
is almost exactly north of Denver at a distance
of about fifty miles.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Four or five hundred
miles from the point to which this bill gives
them a subsidy. How are they to get there ?
Mr. CONNESS. Not so far.
Mr. DOOLHTLE. Three hundred miles,
anyhow.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not know the exact
distance, but it is certainly not as far as the
hundred miles.
Mr. FESSENDEN. When this company
changed the route and went by the Smoky Hill
line it was understood at the time that they o-ot
au impioveo quality ol landt, went through a
lich countiy, and had the benefit of the lands
on the route. Now, what is the reason which
exists why. in consequence of their cliaiigin"
the route and making the distance greater, we
should give them $800,000 more?
Mr. DRAKE. I will state, for the informa-
tion of the honorable Senator from Maine that
w n r° ls obliged to terminate at Foil
Wallace it terminates at a point where it ren-
ders no real service to anybody, to the Govern-
ment, to the road itself, or to the peuule. it
is out m a waste there, which has no objective
point, nor any real connection with any por-
jon of that country that would amount to any.
tiling. Cneyenne Wells is a point in Colorado
some forty miles west of Fort Wallace, a well-
known point of assembly and departure for
trams, for people connected with the Army
