1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4437
and with all that region through Colorado. It
is a point where there is abundance of water
and abundance of forage, and wagon trains go
from that point through all that region, and
come from all that region to that point. It is
the point of departure, too, for Fort Lyon.
The position of the thing, then, is this:
whether it is not better for the Government and
for the people everywhere to terminate this
road at a point which is so well known and re-
sorted to as Cheyenne Wells rather than term-
inate it at Fort Wallace. I have a letter from
General Schofield, the Secretary of War, on
that subject, which I will send to the Clerk.s
desk, and I ask to have it read for the inform-
ation of the Senate. It states the whole case
In very brief terms.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter :
Wis Department,
Washington City, July 4, 1868.
Sir: In reply to your communication of July 2,
respecting the Union Pacific railway, eastern divis-
ion, in which you desire t0 know the wishes of the
War Department as to the proposed extension of
Government aid to that road as far as Cheyenne
Wells, 1 have no hesitation in recommending the
proposed extension.
By reference to a letter from General Sherman to
General Grant, dated March 4.1868, now before Con-
gress, it will be seen that a much greater aid is rec-
ommended than that now proposed, and that the
road is spoken of as a military necessity.
No man could be better able to judge of this mat-
ter than General Sherman, and I have no hesitation
in indorsing his opinion.
I believenear Cheyenne Wells is the most easterly
point where a temporary depot for the supplies des-
tined for Fort Lyon and the posts beyond can be
made so as to conveniently subserve the military
interests.
Abundant water and forage at that point make it
more suitable than any other point further east for
such depot, while the distance (about forty miles)
from Fort Wallace to Cheyenne Wells, will be saved
in wagon transportation of supplies.
The proposed extension appears to be a measure
of economy to the Government.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. M. SCHOFIELD,
Secretary of War.
Hon. C. D. Drake, United States Senator.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no doubt that
is the opinion of the Secretary of War ; and I
have no doubt that if this road be extended
there, it will be convenient and save money to
the Government in the way of transportation.
But, the whole course of this thing is to me
disagreeable. I do not like it in any part of
it. In the first place, this road was chartered
to join the main road at the one hundredth
meridian. They laid out their road in that direc-
tion, in the first place, up the Republican Fork.
After the time expired—and I do not complain
of that—they chose to apply for an extension
of time, and for authority to build their road in
another direction. I have heard it stated—I
think it was stated at the time and admitted,
and I presume there is no dtabt about it—that
by that change, going by the Smoky Hill
route as it is called, they obtained a very great
advantage in the quality of the lands which
they got on the new route. It is conceded that
on that route are some of the finest lands in
that region, and they had the benefit of them,
and are having the benelit of them. They were at
liberty, too, while having that increased benefit
from changing their route, to take the whole
subsidy which they would have received if they
had joined the main road ou the one hundredth
meridian. We know from the application of
another company what the Government may
be exposed to in regard to that change of route.
The president of this company stated to me
in conversation, and so did the engineer, that
now they want an extension for some eonsider-
abledistance further than this—I do not know
how many miles—stating that they want to go
where there are wood and water and iron. I
inquired what they designed to do, and they
told me, as it was perfectly manifest on the
map they showed me, that in doing that they
designed to make an entirely new road, bend-
ing southerly and having nothing to do with
the main Pacific railroad, and they expected
to get Government aid for that new railroad.
Thus, instead of carrying out our system by
this change, they must have contemplated
originally making this application for addi-
tional subsidy, although they did not tell ns
of it when they got us to pass the bill giving
them an extension, so thart they might go by
the Smoky Hill route, keeping it carefully con-
cealed, for nothing was said on that subject.
Now it is conceded that if this bill pass we
shall have to pay nearly a million dollars more
than they would have received if they had
joined the main road on the one hundredth
meridian. If we agree to this what shall we
do next? Will they go out and join the main
route? They will not do any such thing, but
they will come to Congress and tease Congress,
and we shall have a bill to allow them to go
where they please.
Mr. HOWARD. Not with my consent.
Mr. FTSSSENDEN. If it does not come
from the Senator it will come from somebody
else. It is manifest what the thing means. It
means that we shall subsidize another road
across the continent, and then there is to be still
another, I suppose, south of that; and another
is in progress to the north. Where is this to
end? 'lhe original idea was that Government
aid was to be given to build one railroad from
the Mississippi river to California, and in order
to accomplish that and to get that bill through,
you had to have three months to it running
through the States on this side, subsidizing
them all. Now that we have done that, we
are called upon to subsidize two or three more
roads by Government aid. Cannot the country
afford to wait? When there is one road across
the continent, cannot the building of the oth-
ers wait until the country develops so that they
may be built by private enterprise with the aid
of the lands alone, as these things have been
done before ?
What I see in it is an utter burdening of the
Treasury for these railroads in addition to our
heavy debt. I know what gentleman say. They
say it is developing the country and enabling
us to paj' taxes. They are looking forward a
little too fast. The burden gets to be intoler-
able before the increased taxes come along to
relieve us. That is the great difficulty, i am
perfectly willing to comply with the Hrst con-
tract we made; but just look and see where
Congress stands now and what is urged. Here
is nearly a million dollars to be given to this
railroad in addition to what we first agreed to
pay, and another road claims two millions and
a half for damages, and the committee are
urging that claim because we have given this
road a chance to change its route. All follows
on that one first step. This is the first million.
Then comes another and another. Sir, it is
not dealing in good faith with Congress or with
the nation, and I am utterly opposed to it.
Mr. STEWART. The granting of this has
no tendency to commit the Government be-
yond the particular appropriation on the direct
route to Denver; but when you look at your
Indian appropriation bills and see what im-
mense amounts of money you are expending
to try to keep a quasi possession of that coun-
try, and when you take the report of every
Army officer who has been there and who tells
you that in the mere matter of Indian regula-
tion it is cheaper to take possession of the
country in this way, cheaper to build a mili-
tary road and take hold of the country through
! the railroads than to expend millions upon rail-
! lions yearly by trying to take care of the In-
dians 
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is always the
argument.
Mr. STEWART. And a most conclusive
argument. You spend millions of dollars every
year upon the Indian service on the plains.
You have the constant testimony of everybody
capable of judging that it will be cheaper to
take possession of the country "by means of
railroads than to continue your present sys-
tem. You are at great disadvantage now in
attempting to supply the Army and the Indian
agencies out there. A fair, candid investiga-
tion of the subject will show that it would be
better to build a northern and southern road,
and take possession of the whole country.
You are spending no money for Indians now
on the line of the Omaha branch. You have
it through to the Rocky mountains ; you have
the road through the Indian country, and that
ends the question. You will have no more
Indian wars there. It will civilize that por-
tion of the country and keep possession of it.
The present system of managing Indian affairs,
all admit, is a great evil which can never be
overcome until you extend railroads into that
country. I need not go into details. The
committee took no step which had a tendency
to build a new continental road. This road
now terminates upon a desert, and it is im-
portant that it should go where there are grass
and water, and where it can make proper con-
nections.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why is it that the
company built the road to this point if they do
not mean to continue it forty miles themselves 1
What did they begin for ? They have called
for these appropriations and got them all, and
they then come to a point where they say they
cannot stop and call on Congress to help them.
Is the Government to build the road entirely?
Mr. STEWART. The company propose to
build the road from the point named to Denver.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why do they not do it
now?
Mr. STEWART. They have not the money
to do it with. The road stops in the desert
now. The question is not what is their inter-
est, but what is the interest of the Government.
The Government has spent this amount of
money for a road stopping in the desert. Mil-
itary men say that if we could get to a point
where stock could be kept, where there is grass,
where there is water, where the company can
freight to New Mexico, it will be of vast im-
portance, At Fort Wallace there is no place
to keep stock, and it is a very great inconven-
ience to stop there. The military officers
recommend this measure, and it is certainly
for the interests of the Government. It would
save a vast amount of freights going to New
Mexico. This bill provides that the company
shall build from the point named to Denver,
and build from Denver to Cheyenne to connect
with the Omaha brauch. This extention is
absolutely necessary in order to make the road
of any value to anybody.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator from Maine
is perfectly right in saying that we are not
under any legal obligation, either express or
implied, to grant additional subsidy to this
road. The measure stands purely on its own
merits. The question is whether it will be for
the interest of the public to have it done. The
Committee on the Pacific Railroad, after con-
sidering the subject maturely, thought it would
be for the public interest to aid in the construc-
tion of this additional section of the road from
the present terminus to the Wells, where it is
said there is abundance of water and of grass.
This has been recommended, 1 believe, by all
the officers of the Army in that part of the
country, and it is the point of divergence to
Denver for the branch road originally contem-
plated by that company to that city. The bill
therefore provides that the grant oflands may
be extended to this branch of the Union Paci-
fic, eastern division, from this point of diver-
gence to the city of Denver, and then for a
grant of land from the city of Denver to the
city of Cheyenne on the Omaha line, so as to
form a connection between the constructed
part of this road and the Omaha branch of the
Union Pacific railroad. There are a few miles
necessary to be constructed in order to bring
the terminus to an available point where our
military trains can make their outfit for the
Territories of New Mexico and Arizona. I
believe the committee was entirely unanimous
in agreeing that this amount of subsidy ought
to be granted in order to secure the early com-
pletion of the road to this point. I think the
Senator from Maine is right in stating that it
is the purpose of the company ultimately to
build the road on through New Mexico ana
Arizona to the Pacific coast, and I have no
doubt Lhe public interests will require tnat it
shall be buiit at some time, and the earlier it
