1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S41S
panies. These numerous corporations have
their capital stock, their reserves and their sur-
plus earnings invested in Government bonds to
the extent named, and they are in this form just
as open to taxation and are actually taxed just
as much as though they were invested in any
other form of security. Making the deduc-
tion of this one hundred and twenty-five mil-
lions we find remaining but four hundred and
ninety'five millions of the six per cent, gold-
.bearing bonds that are not already practically
subjected to local taxation. Allowing for the
possibility that one hundred millions of the
five per cents are held instead of six per cents
in all the channels of investment I have named,
and it follows that at the outside figure there
arc to-day in the whole country less than six
hundred millions of Government sixes, not
fully subjected to the power of local taxation.
And these six hundred millions are rapidly
growing less as the various corporate institu-
tions 1 have named continue to invest their
funds more and more in the bonds. These
institutions desire a security that is of steady
value, not liable to great fluctuation, and at
all times convertible into money ; and hence
they seek Government bonds in preference to
any other form of investment. The high pre-
mium on the bonds induces individuals to part
with them, and hence they are readily trans-
ferred to corporate ownership, where they
become in effect at once liable to local taxation
and are no longer obnoxious to the charge of
evading or escaping their just share of muni-
cipal burden. In the hands of individuals the
bonds may be concealed, but in the possession
of corporations concealment is necessarily
impossible.
If these statistical statements needed any
verification it would be supplied by an exam-
ination of the income returns recently made
under oath and published in all the large cities
of the country, disclosing the fact that the
amount of bonds held by the wealthy men of
the country has been continually growing less,
just as they have been absorbed by foreign
purchase and by corporate investment. The
.correctness of these income returns in ref-
erence to the investment in bonds will be
accepted even by the incredulous and the
uncharitable when it is remembered that the
interest of those makiDg them was to exag-
gerate rather than depreciate the respective
amounts held by them. Instead, then, of nine-
teen hundred millions of these bonds running
free of taxation it is clear that less than six
hundred millions are open to that charge—less
than one third of the whole amount. The
remainder, largely more than two thirds of the
■whole, are either held abroad, where no local
taxation can reach them, or they are held at
home in such form as subjects them to local
taxation.
And now let us suppose that we were in pos-
session of the full power to tax by local
authority these six hundred millions of bonds
presumptively owned by individuals! Would
we realize anything from it? On its face the
prospect might be fair and inviting, but in prac-
tice it would assuredly prove delusive and
deceptive. The trouble would be that the
holders of the bonds could not be found. No
form of property is so easily concealed, none
so readily transferred back and forth, none so
difficult to trace to actual ownership. We have
hundreds of millions of State bonds, city bonds,
and railroad securities in this country, and yet
every one knows that it is only an infinitesimal
proportion of this vast investment that is ever
represented on the books of assessors and tax
collectors. As a pertinent illustration, 1 might
cue the case of the bonds of my own State, of
■which there are over five millions in existence
to-day, largely held as a favorite investment by
the citizens of Maine. Of this whole sum I am
safe in saying that scarcely a dollar is found on
the lists of any assessor in the State. And yet
the iaciiity for concealing ownership in national
bonds is far greater than in any other form of
security, and the proportion in the hands of
individuals that would escape the assessment
of local taxes may be inferred with reasonable
certainty from the analogies I have suggested,
and which are familiar to all who have given
the least attention to the subject. Indeed, I
venture to assert with confidence that if the
power of local taxation of these bonds were
fully accorded to-day, the tax lists of our cities
and towns would not be increased on an average
one per cent. Many of those who to-day may
be ambitious of parading their bonds when
protected by what is deemed an offensive
exemption would suddenly have none when
the power of taxation applied to them. Indeed,
the utter failure to realize anything from this
source, if the power to test it were granted,
would in the end create more dissatisfaction
than that exemption, which, in theory, is offen-
sive, but in practice is absolutely of no conse-
quence whatever.
But it will be asked, "Why don't you tax
the bonds by national authority?" Granted
it will be urged that the power of local taxation
would be nugatory and valueless, "that affords
all the stronger reason for taxing the bonds by
direct congressional enactment." In answer
to this I have only to say that a tax levied
directly upon the coupon is simply an abate-
ment of interest, and that result can be reached
in a better and more satisfactory and more
honorable way. The determination manifested
by this Congress and by the great Republican
convention at Chicago to maintain the national
faith has already worked a large appreciation
in the value of the bonds, and with the
strengthening of our credit, which results from
an honest and high-toned policy, we will
speedily be able to fund our debt on a lower
scale of interest, running down to five, four
and a half, and ultimately to four per cent, per
annum. Should we proceed, however, in vio-
lation of good faith and of the uniform prac-
tice of civilized nations, to hold back part
of the stipulated interest instead of effecting
an honorable exchange of bonds to the mutual
advantage of the Government and the public
creditor, we should only punish ourselves, pro-
duce calamitous results in the business world,
and permanently injure our national fame.
To withhold one per cent, of the interest un-
der the plea of a national tax this year might
be followed by withholding two per cent, next
year and three per cent, the year ensuing. To
enter upon such a policy would produce alarm
at home and wide-spread distrust abroad, for
every man holding a bond would have to count
his rate of interest not on what was stipulated
in the contract, but on what might be the will
and caprice of Congress in its annual withhold-
ing of a portion of the interest under the pre-
tense of a tax. Under such a policy our bonds
would be returned upon us from Europe with
panic-like rapidity, and the drain upon our spe-
cie resources would produce an immediate and
disastrous crisis in monetary circles. If even
one half our bonds held in Europe were sud-
denly sent home it would drain us of two hun-
dred and fifty millions of specie, and the finan-
cial distress throughout the length and breadth
of the land would be beyond the power of cal-
culation or imagination. And yet that is the
precise result involved if we should follow the
policy advocated by those who urge us to tax
the coupon and withhold one or two per cent,
of the interest. Let us reject such counsels,
andadhere (o thesteady,straightforward course
dictated alike by good policy and good faith.
And let us never forget that in the language
of the Chicago platform, !'the best policy to
diminish our burden of debt is to so improve
our credit that capitalists will seek to loan us
money at lower rates of interest than we now
pay, and must continue to pay, so long as repu-
diation, either partial or total, open or covert,
is threatened or suspected."
message from the senate.
The committee informally rose; and a mes-
sage was received from the Senate, by Mr.
Gorham, its Secretary, notifying the Ilouse that
that body had agreed to the amendments of
the House to Senate bill No. 206*, to amend an
act entitled " An act granting lands to aid in
the construction of a railroad and telegraph line
from the Central-Pacific railroad, in California,
to Portland, in Oregon."
It further announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (S. No. 538) in addition to an act
to regulate the times and manner of holding
elections for Senators to Congress, in which
the concurrence of the House .'yvas requested.
The committee resumed its session.
The CHAIRMAN. The hour of five o'clock
having arrived the committee will take a recess
until half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
At half past seven o'clock p. m. the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
resumed its session, Mr. Blaine in the chair.
The CHAIRMAN stated the pending ques-
tion was the amendment to the amendment
to the third section of the internal tax bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
The question then recurred on the following
amendment moved by Mr. Allison :
Add to section three the following:
But this act shall not apply to the manufacture of
vinegar where the wash is formed by adding alco-
holic vapor to the vinegar ferment without the pro-
duction of distilled spirits in any form by means of
any process of condensation of alcoholic vapor into
liquid form, before the union of such vapor with the
vinegar ferment. And every person manufacturing
or intending to manufacture vinegar, by anyprocess,
for sale shall furnish to the assessor of the proper
district a plan and description of hia premises used
or intended to be used for such manufacture as
required of distillers by this act; which plan and
description shall be kept in the manner therein re-
quired ; and such premises and every part thereof
shall at all times be open to the inspection and exam-
ination of internal revenue officers as provided for
in cases of distilleries. And the presence of any worm
condensing loom, or other apparatus for the conden-
sation of alcoholic vapor into distilled spirits, shall
be evidence that sueh business is being carried on in
violation of this act; and the manufactory, and all
materials in and about said premises, and the lot or
tract of land on which the same is situated, shall be
forfeited to the United States; and any person who
shall violate any of the provisions of this section
shail, on conviction, be lined not less than $50!) nor
more than $5,000, and imprisoned not less than six
months nor more than two years.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. ALLISON. 1 offer the following amend-
ment :
And no mash, wort, or wash, fit for distillation or
the production of spirits or alcohol, shall be made or
lermented in any building or on any premises other
than a distillery duly authorized according to law;
and no mash, wort, or wash so made and fermented
shall be sold or removed Irom any distillery before
being distilled, and no person other than an author-
ized distiller shall by distillation, or by any other nror
cess,separate the alcohulicspints from any fermented
mash, wort, or wash, and no person shall use spirits
or alcohol, or any vapor of alcoholic spirits, in man-
ufacturing vinegar or any other article, or in any
process of manufacture whatever, unless the spirits
or alcohol so used shall have been produced in an
authorized distillery and the tax thereon paid, or
shall have been lawfully imported into the United
States and theduties thereon paid. Auy person who
shail violate any of the provisions of this section
shall bo lined lor every ofiense not less than $500 nor
more than S'o.OuO, and imprisoned tor not less than
six months nor more than two years.
Mr. Chairman, I do not know that any pro-
vision of that section is required. I only want
to make it certain so every manufacturer can
understand what he is about and what he is
doing. I think as the section stands it is very
difficult for ordinary persons to understand it.
I know, but three or lour gentlemen who thor-
oughly comprehend it as it now stands.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows;
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That every person
having in his possession or custody, or under hia
control, any still or distilling apparatus bet up, shall
resistor the same with the assistant assessor of the
division in which said still or distilling apparatus
! shall be, by filing with him duplicate statements,in
i writing, subscribed by such person, setting lorth the
< particular place where such still or distilling appa-
{ ratus is set up, the kind oi still and its cubic con-
! tents, the owner thereof, his place of residence,
and the purpose for which said still or distilling
i apparatus has been or is intended to be used; one
| ot which statements shall bo retained and preserved
I by the assistant assessor, and the other transmitted
to the assessor of the district. Stills and distilling
apparatus now set up shall be so registered within
sixty days from the time this act takes eiiect, ana
those hereafter set up shall be bo registered mlmcui-
