THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mt
minated in the revolution of 1088. And yet it
is gravely urged on us, that the conduct of our
national life is to be regulated by the mistakes
of its childhood, and that the grand patrimony
of the Revolution has been squandered beyond
recovery by the thoughtless improvidence, or
too generous and trustful prodigality of an
earlier heir who had just come to his estate.
And now I may venture to say, I think, that
it has been shown abundantly that all the re-
sources of the President on this point have
failed him. The awards of reason, the judg-
ments of the courts, the opinions of states-
men, lawyers, and publicists, the precedent of
1789, and the practice of the Government, are
all against him.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, (at four o'clock
and five minutes p. m.) I understand that the
Manager is extremely ill to-day, and would
not be able to finish his argument if he were
well. I therefore move that the Senate, sitting
as a court, adjourn until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Sen-
ate, sitting for the trial of the impeachment,
adjourned until to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
Tuesday, April 28, 1868.
The Chief Justice of the United States took
the chair.
The usual proclamation having been made
by the Sergeant-at-Arms,
The Managers of the impeachment on the
part of the House of Representatives and the
counsel for the respondent, except Mr. Stan-
bery, appeared and took the seats assigned to
them respectively.
The members of the House of Representa-
tives, as in Committee of the Whole, preceded
by Mr. E. B. Washbcrxe, chairman of that
committee, and accompanied by the Speaker
and Clerk, appeared, and were conducted to
the seats provided for them.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings of
the Senate, sitting for the trial of the impeach-
ment, was read.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I send to
the Chair an amendment to the rules of the
Senate, sitting for the trial of impeachments.
When that has been read, if there be no ob-
jection, I will ask that it go over until the
close of the arguments, to take its place with
the other matters which will come up for con-
sideration at that time.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. _ The Secretary will
read the proposed rule for information.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Whereas it is provided in the Constitution of the
United States that on trials of impeachment by the
Senate nopcrson shall be convicted without thecon-
currence of two thirds of the members present, and
the person so convicted shall bcremovedfromoiBce;
but, this requirement of two thirds is not extended
to any further judgment, which remains subject to
the preneral law that a majority prevails; therefore,
in order to remove any doubt thereupon :
Ordered, That after removal, which necessarily
follows conviction, any question which may arise
with regard to disqualification or any further judg-
ment shall be determined by a majority of the mem-
bers present.
Sir. DAVIS. I object to the consideration
of it.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The proposed order
will lie over. That is the disposition proposed
by the Senator from Massachusetts. Mr. Man-
ager Williams will proceed on the part of the
House of Representatives.
Mr. Manager WILLIAMS. Mr. President
and Senators, I have to thank you for the in-
dulgence which you were kind enough to ex-
tend to me yesterday at a time when I very
much wanted it. I shall endeavor, however,
to testify my gratitude by not abusing it.
Before I closed yesterday 1 was referring to
the position taken by me, and, as I thought,
sufficiently demonstrated, that the President
had failed in all his supports; that the reason
of the thing, the natural reason, the cultivated !
reason of the law, the judicial sentiment, the
opinions of commentators, the precedent of
1789, and even the practice, were all against
him ; but then I suggested that there was one
resource still left, and to that T now come, and
that is in the opinion of what is sometimes called
his Cabinet, the trusted counselors whom he is
pleased to quote as the advisers whom the
Constitution and the practice of the Govern-
ment have assigned to him. If all the world
has forsaken him, they, at least, are still faith-
ful to the chief whom they have so long accom-
panied, and so largely comforted and encour-
aged through all his manifold usurpations.
It is true that these gentlemen have not been
allowed to prove, as they would have desired
to do, that maugrc all the reasoning of judges,
lawyers, and publicists, they were implicitly
of the opinion, and so advised the President,
that the tenure-of-otBce law, not being in ac-
cordance with his will, was, of course, uncon-
stitutional. It may be guessed, I suppose,
without damage to our case, that if allowed
they would haveproved it. With large oppor-
tunies for information I have not heard of any
occasion wherein they have ever given any opin-
ion to the President, except the one that was
wanted by him, or known to be agreeable to
his will. If there had been time I should have
been glad to hear from some of these function-
aries on that question. It would have been
pleasant to hear the witness on the stand at
least, discourse of constitutional law. If the
public interest has not suffered, the. public
curiosity has at least been balked by the denial
of the high privilege of listening to the lumi-
nous expositions which some of these learned
Thebans, whose training has been so high as to
warrant them in denouncing us all—the legis-
lators of the nation—as no better than " Con-
stitution tinkers," would have been able to
help us with.
It is a large part of the defense of the Presi-
dent, as set forth in his voluminous special
plea, and elaborated in the argument of the
opening counsel, not only that his Cabinet
agreed with him in his views as to the law, but
that if he has erred, it was under the advice
received from those whom the law had placed
around him. It is not shown, however, and
was not attempted to be shown, that in regard
to the particular ofVense for which he is now
arraigned before you they were ever consulted
by him. But to clear this part of the case of
all possible cavil or exception, I feel that it
will not be amiss to ask your attention to a
few remarks upon the relations of the Presi-
dent with this illegitimate body, this excres-
cence, this mere fungus, born of decay, which
has been compounded in process of time out
of the heads of the Departments, and has shot
up within the last few years into the formidable
proportions of a directory for the general gov-
ernment of the State.
The first observation that suggests itself is
that this reference to the advice of others pro-
ceeds on the hypothesis that the President
himself is not responsible, and is therefore at
war with the principal theory of the defense,
which is that he is the sole responsible head
of the executive department, and must there-
fore, ex necessitate, in order to the performance
of his appropriate duties, have the undisputed
right to control and govern and remove them
at his own more will—as ho has just done in
the ease of Mr. Stanton—a theory which pre-
cludes the idea of .advice in the faet that it
makes the adviser a slave. What, then, does
the President intend? Does he propose to
abandon this line of defense? He cannot do it
without surrendering his case.
Is it his purpose, then, to divert us from the
track by doubling on his pursuers, and leading
them off on a false scent, or does he intend the
offer of a vicarious sacrifice ? Does he think
to make mere scapegoats of his counselors by
laying all his multitudinous sins upon their
backs ? Does he propose to enact the part of
another Charles, by surrendering another Straf-
ford to the vengeance of the Commons? We
must decline to accept the offer. We want no
ministerial heads. We do not choose in the
pursuit of higher game to stoop to any ignobler
qnarry either on the land or on the sea. It
would be anything but magnanimous in us to
take, as it would be base in him to offer, the
heads of those whom our own past legislation
has degraded into slaves. Whefe Caesar falls
his counselors will disappear along 'frith Mm.
Perhaps he thinks, however, that nobody is
Tesponsible. But shall we allow him to justify
in one breath the removal of Mr. Stanton'on
the ground that -under the latf he was his mas-
ter, and then in another, when arraigned for
this, to say that ho is not responsible because he
took advice from those Who are but mere au-
tomata—only his "hands and voice," in the
language of his counsel—and no more than the
mere creatures of his" imperial will? This
would be asad condition, indeed, for the people
of a Republic claiming to be free. We can all
understand the theory of the British constitu-
tion. The king can do no wrong. Theperson
of majesty is sacred. But then the irresponsi-
bility of the sovereign is beautifully reconciled
with the liberty of the subject, by holding the
ministry responsible, and thus taking care that
he shall get no bad advice from them. But
what is to be our condition, with no recourse
between the two, to either king or minister?
It will be not unlike whatis said in the touching
plaintofthe Britons, " The barbarians drive us
to the sea, and the sea drives us back again on
the barbarians."
But who made these men the advisers of
the President? Not the Constitution, cer-
tainly ; not the laws, or they would have made
them free. The Constitution has given to him
no advisers but the Senate, whose opinion he
scouts at and defies, because he cannot get from
it the advice he wants, and would obtain, no
doubt, if it were reduced to the condition of
that of imperial Rome. All it provides in
regard to the heads of Departments is that ho
may require the opinion in writing of each of
them upon any subject relating to the duties
of his own special office, and no more. He
cannot require it as to other matters, and by
the strongest implication it was not intended
that he should take it on any matter outside of
their own respective offices and duties. He
has undoubtedly the privilege which belongs,
to other men, of seeking for advice wherever
he may want it; but if he is wise, and would be
honestly advised—as he does not apparently
wish to be—he will go to those who are in a con-
ndition to tell him the truth without the risk of
being turned out of office, as Mr. Stanton has
been, for doing so. No tyrant who has held the
lives of those around him in his hands, has ever
enjoyed the counsels of any but minions and
sycophants. If it had been the purpose of the
framers of the Constitution to provide a coun-
cil for the President, they would have looked
to it that he was not to be surrounded with
creatures such as these.
But then it is said that the practice of hold-
ing Cabinet councils was inaugurated by Presi-
dent Washington, and has since continued
without interruption. It is unquestionable that
he did take the opinions in writing of all the heads
of Departments, on bills that were submitted
to him in the constitutional way, and not un-
likely that he may have consulted them as to
appointments, and other matters of executive
duty that, involved anything like discretion.
They may have met occasionally in after times
upon the special invitation of the President.
It was not, however, as I think, until the period
of the war, when the responsibilities of the Pres-
ident, as Commander-in-Chief of the armies,
were so largely magnified as to make it neces-
sary that lie should take counsel from day to
day, that they crystallized into their present
form, as a sort of institution of state; and not
till the accession of Andrew Johnson, that they
began to do the work of Congress, in a condi-
tion of peace, by legislating for the restoration
of the rebel Stated. From that time forward,
through all that long and unhappy interregnum
of the law-making power, while the telegraph
was waiting upon the action of those mysterious
councils, that dark tribunal which was erecting
States by proclamation, taxing the people, and
surrendering up the public property is to keep
them on their feet, and exercising a dispensing
power over the laws, had apparently taken the
