1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1865
that department for whose acts he is responsible.
Although the debate covered the whole ground, em-
bracing the Trear-ury as well as all the other Execu-
tive Departments, it arose on a motion to strike out
of the bill to establish a Department of Foreign
Affairs, since called the Department of State, a clause
declaring the Secretary ' to be immovable from office
by the President of the United States.'"
He then proceeds in explanation of the sub-
sequent proceedings on the bill alluded to as
follows:
"This change having been made for the express
purpose of declaring the sense of Congress that the
President derived the power of removal from the
Constitution, the act as it passed has always been
considered as a lull expression of the sense of the
Legislature on this important part of the Ameiican
Constitution.
"iiero, then, we have the concurrent authority of
President Washington, of the Senate, and the House
of Representatives, numbers of whom had taken an
active part in the Convention which framed the Con-
stitution, and mthe Stateconventions which adopted
it, that tho President derived an unqualified power
of removal from that instrument itself, which is 'be-
yond the reach of legislative authority.' Upon this
principle the Government has now been steadily
administered for about lorty-livo years, during which
there have been numerous removals made by the
Pre&identor by his direction, embracing every grade
of executive officers,irom the heads of Departments
to the messengers ol bureaus."
I forbear- only for want of spacc to quote
still other authorities upon this point of the
vested constitutional rights of the President to
remove from office without the advice and con-
sent of the Senate. 1 have not made any
citations upon this point in the vain hope of
making any impression upon a Congress by
whom the Constitution has too often been vio-
lated any longer to be revered.
1 have fortified this position only to enable
me to make clear this other point, namely, that
when the President resists by peaceful means
the unconstitutional operation of the civil-
tenure act he is only defending the ancient and
long-established prerogatives of his office, and
that it ought not to be held a ciiminal offense
to maintain the constitutional convictions of a
Madison, a Story, a Kent, or a Jackson.
If the President entertains these convictions
his oath of otiice compels hnn to resist the
usurpations of Congress. He is singled out
from among all other men by the Constitution
itself as its peculiar defender. We as liepre-
sentatives in Congress are enjoined to swear
obedience to the Constitution. The President
alone swears that he will to the best of his
ability "preserve, protect, and defend the Con-
stitution of the United States." How is he
to defend it? By veto messages only ? Oris
he to defend it by all those means known to
the law by which the law itself may be law-
fully tested.
Members have spoken upon this floor as if
they thought that acts of Congress must be
blindly obeyed be they ever so subversive of
constitutional rights. They declaim as if the
law were one thing and the Constitution another,
when the Constitution is not only a law, but
the supreme law. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Air. Ixgeusoll] maintained that the
President had no right to question the consti-
tutionality of an act of Congress before it had
been judicially decided to be unconstitutional.
How, I should like to know, could its invalid-
ity ever be decided by a court until it had been
questioned, and a case for adjudication made
by resistance to its operation ? How else could
it ever come before a court? We must decide
at our peril between two conflicting statutes,
why not between a statute and the supreme
law of the land?
The humblest citizen in the land may peace-
fully test his rights in the manner resorted to
by the President in the removal of Stanton
and the appointment of Thomas. To bring a
case into court there must be some actual
denial of a right. How else could the right of
Stanton be brought into practical legal question
except by a demand that he should surrender
the \Var Department into the hands of another.
What else did the President do? He used no
violence, nor attempted any. His appointee,
instead of taking Stanton by the nape of the
neck aud landing him be\'ond the curbstone,
as I think might lawfully have been done under i
the circumstances, simply demanded pos-
session,'was refused, and went away. There
has been no breach of the peace—Stanton is
still in possession. Bnt Thomas is under bail,
and the President is, in hot haste, about to be
impeached! Why could not Congress wait a
few days until, upon a habeas corpus or a quo
-warranto, the case would be brought into court,
the questions of law decided, and the rights of
all parties peacefully settled ? These are ques-
tions this Congress must answer—not here,
perhaps, but before the supreme tribunal of
the people.
Mr. KELSEY. Mr. Speaker, there are two
ways in which the defenders of the acting
President attempt to avoid the charges made
in the report of your committee. No one
denies that he has done just what the com-
mittee charge, nor can it be successfully de-
nied that the acts charged are in violation of a
statute duly passed in accordance with the
forms prescribed in the Constitution.
But it is said the statute does not apply to
this case, because Mr. Stanton was appointed
Secretary of War by President Lincoln ; that
the Secretaries are only protected from remo-
val without cause during the term of the Pres-
ident by whom they were appointed, and this
is the substance of the argument submitted by
the gentleman who has just taken his seat,
[Mr. Boyer.]
If it is conceded that this is a correct expo-
sition of the statute, there are some other points
to be considered before it can be claimed that
it amounts to a defense in the case before us.
And hero let us mark the terms of the statute.
The proviso upon which the gentleman has
commented is in these words:
"Provided, That, the Secretaries of State, of the
Treasury, of War, of the Nsivy, and of the Interior,
the Postmaster General, and tho Attorney (Jeneial,
shall hold their offices respectively for and during
tho term of tho President by whom they may huve
been appointed and for ono month thereafter, subject
to l emoval by and with the advice and consent of tho
Senate."
Andrew Johnson lias no term as President
of the United States. He is not, never has
been, and, I trust, never will be President.
He is merely Vice President, acting as Presi-
dent during the unexpired term of President
Lincoln. True, he has assumed the title of
President, and no one has thought it worth
while to make an issue with him on that point,
and, as a matter of convenience, the title of
President has been conceded to him. But
when it becomes necessary to define his exact
status in order to construe a statute his true
position and title must be given him. The
argument of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Boxer,] who has just taken his seat, falls
to the ground ; there is nothing for it to rest
upon ; there is no force in tho point which he
makes.
There is another way in which an attempt is
made to defend the acting President, and that
is by declaring the office-tenure law unconsti-
tutional. This is certainly a very convenient
way of establishing a defense, but that is all
that can be said in its favor.
This proposition, if it is adopted, will estab-
lish the precedent, so far as wo are concerned,
that the President may disregard and disobey
a law passed by Congress, and justify himself
by assigning as a defense of his conduct that,
in his opinion, the law was unconstitutional.
If this plea is allowed and established it makes
the President an irresponsible despot. There
can then be no law but his will. He may dis-
obey any and all laws at his pleasure. This
will never do. All the enactments passed by
Congress in the manner prescribed in the Con-
stitution must be obeyed as law-by all officers
of the Government until such enactments are
declared unconstitutional by the proper tribu-
nal. No mere ministerial or executive officer
has any right to raise the question of its con-
stitutionality when called upon to execute it.
Such officer can only question the constitu-
tionality of an enactment when it affects his !
individual rights. _ ;
With this brief notice of the two points made I
in behalf of the acting President, I pass to the
consideration of a point made on Saturday last
by the member from the city of New York,
who opened this debate on behalf of the de-
fendant.
That eloquent member, after giving us per-
mission to impeach and try the acting Presi-
dent, gave us solemn warning, in behalf of
hundreds and thousands and millions of Dem-
ocrats, that if we attempted to suspend the
acting President during his trial they would
never, never, never submit to it. And he told
us they had the physical power to resist suc-
cessfully because they had four fifths of the
Army.
These impressive warnings naturally call
attention to an important legal question that
must be met and settled at an early stage of
these proceedings, if the resolutionnow under
consideration shall be adopted by the House.
In submitting my views upon this question, I
do' so with great deference to the opinions of
distinguished genflemen on this side of the
House whose opinions differ from mine. The
question is, as the law now stands, what effect
does the finding of an impeachment by this
House have upon the officer impeached?
The Constitution of the United States pro-
vides that the House of Representatives shall
have the sole power of impeachment, and that
the Senate shall have the sole power to try all
impeachments; and it also declares that the
President, Vice President, and all civil officers
of the United States shall be removed from
office on impeachment for and conviction of
treason, bribery, or other high crimes and mis-
demeanors ; but the Constitution is silent as
to the effect tho mere finding an impeachment
by this House shall have, and it is also silent as
to all the proceedings to be had on the trial
except that the Senate, when sitting to try an
impeachment, shall be on oath or affirmation,
and when the President of the United States is
tried the Chief Justice shall preside.
To determine what effect an impeachment
has upon the officer impeached we must ascer
tain what an impeachment is. At the time
this word impeachment was used in the Con-
stitution the leading features of the proceed-
ings known by that name were well under-
stood by the men who put it there. It was a
criminal prosecution against a man in office for
acts done while in office. As a criminal pro-
ceeding it was adopted by name and put into
our Constitution. In article three, sectiontwo,
the Constitution provides that "the trial of all
crimes except m cases of impeachment shall
be by jury," thus constitutionally recognizing
the proceeding as a criminal proceeding, and
nothing else. I concede that an impeachment
may be maintained for an action npon which,
an indictment would not lie, and could not be
sustained. But the punishment to be inflicted
upon a person found guilty was materially
modified, so that under our Constitution the
judgment cannot extend further than to re-
moval from office and disqualification to hold
and enjoy any oflice of honor, trust, or profit
under the United States. But further punish-
ment may be inflicted upon the offender, if
convicted, after indictment, before a competent
criminal tribunal.
The proceeding by impeachment is a purely
criminal proceeding, and is designed to pun-
ish, fa some extent, crimes and misdemeanors
already committed, and to deprive the offender
of all power to commit offenses of like charac-
ter in the future.
In adopting the criminal proceeding of im-
peachment into our Constitution by name ife
was of course necessarily modified by other
provisions of that instrument besides those
which relate expressly to the subject of im-
peachment. In England the chief execu-
tive officer of tho Government cannot be im-
peached—here he can be. This, however, is
by an express provision of our Constitution.
Another position that I take (and which I
think will not be controverted) is that the arti-
cles of impeachment take the place of an indict-
ment, and that the same rules of evidence gov-
