4488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
be- constructed the better for the public; but
we are coming under 110 obligation, as it seems
to me, either express or implied, to grant addi-
tional subsidy from Cheyenne Wells southwest.
When that question shall arise it ought to stand
on its own merits. I shall be disposed, as a
member of this body, to consider it on its
merits when it does arise. We do not now
agree to any subsidy further than Cheyenne
Wells.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. There is no
question but what it would be a great advantage
to have this road built. I do not suppose it is
necessary for us to have the advice of the offi-
cers of the Army on that subject. 1 suppose
the Senate will all agree with the committee
that it is very desirable to have this road built,
but that is not exactly the question as it pre-
sents itself to my mind. As I understand it,
this company came to Congress and asked as
a privilege that they might change their line
to the point to which they have now arrived,
having subsidies to that point. It seems to
me that that does create an understanding and
a contract between them and Congress that
these are all the subsidies incident to that
change of route. They get to that point and
now ask for about seven hundred thousand
dollars more.
Mr. COLE. The subsidy is not to exceed
$32,000 per mile, and for forty miles that
would be $1,280,000.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It may be
$1,280,000. That is the maximum. I think
it would be a wise experiment for Congress to
refuse these subsidies and see if these roads
will not put forth a little private enterprise,
and not rely entirely on the Treasury of the
nation to build their lines. It is perfectly clear
that after they get to Cheyenne Wells, they
will apply again for other subsidies; no one
doubts that; and it is a question now to be
settled at this late period of the session whether
the whole policy of this nation shall be changed
and we shall have two or three routes across
the continent to be built by drafts upon the
publicTreasury rather than adhere to the policy
which was deliberately adopted and which was
a liberal policy. To take this course in the
present state of the Treasury, I think, is un-
authorized and improper.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I desire
to say a few words in relation to this subject.
I think the greatest mistake Congress has made
in relation to this railroad matter was in per-
mitting this company to go on the Smoky Hill
route at all. That was, in the first place, a viola-
tion of the faith which Congress had pledged
to those companies that undertook to build
branches and concentrate on the one hundredth
meridian. The purpose of Congress was to
concentrate the whole railroad interest east
of the Missouri river, in carrying through the
Pacific railroad in one line after reaching the
one hundredth meridian. In order to concen-
trate them Congress allowed three branches to
meet at that point, one coming from St. Louis
and Kansas City, another coming from Chi-
cago by way of Quincy and Burlington, and
the other coming from Chicago directly west
through the State of Iowa, striking at Omaha.
The purpose was to concentrate the whole
railroad interest, bring them together on the
one hundredth meridian in order to construct
the road, to begin with, and then, while it is
iust as material as the construction of the road,
to be able to run it after it should be con-
structed—for 1 tell you on the line across to
California there are nearly a thousand miles
of desert; and when the road is done it is to
be a very serious question whether it will pay
the expenses of running ; and therefore the
necessity of having all the railroad interests of
the East concentrate their whole force over
one line. But this allowing the thing to be
divided across these plains into two roads run-
ning over a barren region of country, where,
for five hundred miles, there is neither timber
nor scarcely water, and no way business except
in the transportation of supplies to the troops
and supplies to the Indians, is not advisable.
It is going to be, in my judgment, a very serious
question whether the road, when constructed,
will pay the expenses of running across this
vast region of country. But it involved this
other difficulty : by running up the Smoky Hill
this line went directly through the home of the
Cheyennes and Arapahoes, where they_ were
in the habit of living in the winter time in the
little timber that clusters along the streams of
the Smoky Hill, and drove them out from that
place, which, I say, has kept them afloat, and
kept them at war with us.
But, Mr. President, aside from that it has
involved us with the central branch, as it is
called. We agreed that the central branch,
starting from Atchison, might run into the
Pacific railroad on the one hundredth meri-
dian. Our faith, it seems to me, has become
bound, and we, by consenting that, the road with
which they were to connect, should turn off
down to the Smoky Hill, have in substance
consented that they shall have the benefit of
the original contract, and that they may be
permitted to build to the point of junction with
the one hundredth meridian. By that we arc
bound ; but we are under no implied obligation
or anything binding on our faith in any way
whatever to give this further subsidy. I do not
feel disposed to vote this additional subsidy.
But I shall not take up the time of the Senate
on the last day.
Mr. SHERMAN. I called attention to this
matter because 1 thought it was due to the
Senate that they should understand the ques-
tion involved in this amendment. 1 voted for
the amendment in committee and I shall vote
for it here, and will state to the Senate briefly
the reason. I have opposed during this ses-
sion the increase of subsidies to railroads. On
that general principle I have acted throughout.
When application was made by the eastern
division for a subsidy to go by the way of Albu-
querque, I voted against it, and am still op-
posed to it. The difficulty they had to encoun-
ter was this : Congress had allowed them to
build a road on the Smoky Hill route. If that
was to be done over again I do not know that I
should vote for any departure from the original
railroad grant; but that is a question neither
here nor there. They built the road to the
termination of their present subsidy, which is
an inconvenient and unascertained point; and
it is impossible to ascertain it exactly for the
reasons I stated a few moments ago. The gen-
eral weight of the testimony and the opinion
of the United States officers is that it termi-
nates about Fort Wallace, in a place admitted
to be inconvenient, without water, on an arid
plain, in the State of Kansas, where no con-
nections can be made. Under these circum-
stances, this road, having been denied further
subsidies by the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road, having been refused their application to
extend their road southwesterly to Albuquer-
que, applied to us to fix the termination of
their subsidy. There were two ways to fix it.
One was by the survey of the Republican
route and ascertaining the length of the Re-
publican route, and then ascertaining the point
at which their subsidy would terminate on that
route. That was a very difficult question.
On the other hand, all the officers of the Gov-
ernment, including the General of the Army,
General Sherman, General Scliofield, General
Sheridan, and all the officers familiar with that
country, ivho fought overit in Indian wars, and
have been over it recently, agree that the best
point for the termination of the eastern division
road is Cheyenne Wells, because there is grass
and there is water; it is an old and familiar camp- I
ingground known since the early settlements on j
the plains, aprominentpoint in Colorado. Then ;
this company'applied to the Committee on the '
Pacific Railroad to allow them to terminate the j
subsidy for their road at Cheyenne Wells. That '
involved an increase of subsidy for about forty j
miles. At first I was disinclined to do it; but j
in connection with the other provisions of this j
bill, ] have concluded that it is wise and pru-
dent and economical in the Government to
grant this subsidy. What ve thevv This com-
pany undertake to build without any cash sub-
sidy, with the ordinary land grant, the road
from Cheyenne Wells to Denver City, a dis-
tance of between a hundred and fifty and two
hundred miles. If they will do this, they will
open railroad communication with Denver and
Colorado, and with all the mining region of
that country ; they will enable us to reach by
this railroad the fortifications along the line of
the Arkansas, and on the road to Albuquerque,
so that according to the opinion of General
Sherman and General Scholield, we shall save
in transportation to the forts in New Mexico
and other places by the construction of this
railroad several times the interest of the in-
creased subsidy. 'I hat was their testimony,
and the figures seemed to be very conclusive.
In addition to that a company chartered by
the Territory of Colorado undertake to build a
road from Denver City to Cheyenne, a point on
the line of the main Pacific road, and thus we
shall have accomplished with but an increased
subsidy for forty miles the connection contem-
plated by the original acts and a route along
the Smoky Hill aud thence to the main Pacific
railroad. If that can be accomplis'upd by an
additional subsidy of forty or forty-five miles,
I think it will be economical in the Govern-
ment to grant it.
This bill does not raise in the least the ques-
tion of the application made by this same
company for a subsidy to build a railroad to
Albuquerque and so on by the southern Pacific
route to California. In my judgment it rather
tends to make an argument against that, be-
cause the strong point they now make for an
increased subsidy is that they are left in the
wilderness without any connection or any term-
inus ; but if by this bill they have a terminus at
a point selected by themselves at Cheyenne
Wells, and are under obligations to build their
road from Denver and from Denver to make
connection with the Union Pacific railroad
this side of the desert, the very strong argu-
ment for an increased subsidy is gone, aud the
suggestion of the Senator from Wisconsin is
completely answered. He says that two roads
ought not to be built over the desert. By this
bill only one road will be built over the desert,
and we shall give the eastern division an op-
portunity to make connection with the mam
Pacific railroad this side of the Black Hills.
Thus his argument is completely answered.
While generally I am indisposed to vote for
such bills, and have no particular feeling about
this matter, I believe as a matter of economy
it will be better to enable this railroad to get
a terminus at Denver by giving the additional
subsidy for forty miles and enable them to get
a connection with the main Pacific railroad;
and in this way, in my judgment, we shall set-
tle the controversy about the Central branch,
because the Central branch have complained
that wc have diverted the eastern division so
as to prevent them having a connection with the
main Pacific railroad; but if this connection
is perfected to Cheyenne Wells and Denver,
and thence to Cheyenne City, they can ruu
their road upon the original line into the east-
ern division, and they will have a complete
connection not only with the main Pacific rail-
road, but also with Colorado, which will be a
great advantage to them, and carry out the
original purpose, and they will luue a road
reaching to Pike's Peak and the mining region.
II seiiins to me that under all t ho eircuui;>tu net"?
it is better to pass this bill, and I shall vote
lor it.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to make one state-
ment, which may have a certain weisrht upon
the mind of Senators in reference to this hill.
It is this: the eastern division, although
somewhat embarrassed in its operation?, has
leally repaid to the Government all the inter-
est which the Government has pa.d on the
bonds that have been issued to the company,
and something more. This eastern division
branch is the only branch that has done that;
aud indeed, the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany proper has not, i believe, repaid to the
government in the shsipp of transportation,
