SUPPLEMENT TO
place of the Congress of the nation, with powers
quite as great as auy that the true Cougress.has
ever claimed. To say that the acts of this mere
cabal,, which looked for all the world, like some
dark conclave of conspirators plotting against
the,liberties of the people, were the results
of. free consultation and comparison of views,
is to'speak without knowledge. I for one
mistrusted them from the beginning, and,
if X may be excused the egotism again, it
was under the inspiration of the conviction
that they could not have held together so long
under an imperious, self-willed man like the
present Executive, without a thoi ougli submis-
sion to all his views, that I was moved to
introduce and urge, as I did, through great
discouragements, but, thank God, successfully,
the "amendment to the tenure of-officebill, that
brings about this conflict. It has come sooner
than I expected, but not too soon to vindicate,
by its timely rescue of the most important of
the Departments of the Government from the
grasp of the President, the wisdom of a meas-
ure which, if it had been the law at the time
of Mr. Johnson's accession, would, in my
humble judgment, have set his policy aside,
and made Ins resistance to the will of the loyal
people, and his project of governing the nation
without a Congress, impossible. The veil has
been lifted since the passage of this law, and
those who wish, may now read in letters of
living light the great fact, that during the
progress of all this usurpation that hus con-
vulsed the nation, and kept the Sou thin anarchy
for throe long years, there was scarcc a ripple
of dissent to ruffle the stagnant surface of those
law-making and law-breaking cabals, those
mere beds of justice, where, in accordance
with the theory of the President himself, there
was but one will that reigned undisputed aud
supreme.
To insist, then, that any apology is to be found
for the delinquencies of the President, in the ad-
vice of a Cabinet, where a difference of opinion
was considered treason to the head, and loyalty
to the law, instead of to the will of the Presi-
dent, punished by dismissal, is, as it seems to
mo, on his part, the very climax of effrontery.
"What adequate cause does the President now
assign for the removal of Mr. Stanton? His
counsel promised us in their opeuiug, that they
would exhibit reasons to show that it was im-
possible to allow him to continue to hold the
office. They have failed to do it. They have
not oven attempted it. Was it because he had
failed to perform his duties, or had in any way
offended against the law? The President al-
leges nothing of the kind. Was it even a per-
sonal quarrel? Nothing of this sort is pre-
tended either. All that we can hear of, is that
tUero was a "want of mutual eouiidencc
that "his relations to Mr. Stanton were such
as to preclude him from resorting to him for
adoict" (Heaven save the mark!) and that
he did not thiuk lie could be any longer safely
responsible for.him. His counsel say that Mr.
Stanton is a thorn in his side. Well a thorn in
the flesh is sometimes good Cor the spirit. But so
are Grant and Sherman aud Sheridan, and so
is Congress, and so is every loyal man in the.
country who questions or resists his will. The
trouble is, as everybody knows, that Mr. Stan-
ton does not indorse his policy, and cannot be
relied on to assist him in obstructing the laws
of Congress; and that is just the reason why
you want this thorn to "stick," and, if need
be, prick and fester a little there, and must
maintain it there, if you would bo faithful to
the natiou and to yourselves. You cannot let
Mr. Stanton go, by an acquittal of the Presi-
dent, without surrendering into his hands the
very last fortress that you still hold, and are now
lioldiug only at the point of the bayonet.
But there is a point just here that seems to
have been entirely overlooked by the counsel
for the Piesident, to which I desire especially
to invite your attention. It seems to have
been assumed by them throughout—if it is not,
indeed, distinctly asserted in the defendant's
plea—that if they shall be able to succeed in
establishing a power of removal in the Presi-
dent, either under the Constitution or the act
of 1789, erecting the Department now in
question, he may exercise that power at his
mere will and pleasure, without reason and
without responsibility; and having failed to
show any adequate cause, or indeed any cause
whatever for the act done here, he stands, of
coarse, on this hypothesis. But is this the
law ? Is there no sucb^ihing as an abuse of
power, and a just responsibility as its attend-
ant? "Was it intended in either case—whether
the power flowed from one source, or from the
other—that it should be exerciseable without
restraint? That doctrine would be proper in
a monarchy, perhaps, but is ill suited to the
genius of institutions like our own. Nor was it
the opinion of Mr. Madison, or those who voted
and acted with him in the Congress of 1789.
No man there who asserted the power of re-
moval to be in the President, or concurred in
bestowing it on him for the occasion, ever sup-
posed that its exercise was to be a question of
mere caprice, or whim, or will. To the objec-
tion that this would be the effect of the doctrine
of removal, it was answered by Mr. Madison
himself in these words:
"The danger consists merely in this: thatthoPres-
ident can cbsplaco from office a man whose merits
require that Ito .should bo continued in it. "What will
bo the motivo which the President can foci for such
abuse ot his power, and the restraints that operate to
prevent, it? In the first place ho will be impeached
by the IIouso before the Senate for such an act of
maladministration: for I contend that tho wanton
removal of meritorious officers would subject him to
impeachment and removal from his own high trust."
And it was, no doubt, mainly on this argu-
ment that the power of removal was embodied
in the law.
What, then, have thcPrcsidentaiidhiscoun-
sel to say in answer to this? Is the President
impeachable on his own ease, or does ho ex-
pect to realize tho fruits of the argument., and
then repudiate tho very grounds on which tho
alleged construction rests? Was Mr. Stanton
a meritorious officer? Did his merits require
that he should be continued in the place? No
loyal man, I think, disputes that they did, and
this Senate has already solemnly adjudged it., in
their decision that, upon the reasons stated by
the President, there was no sufficient cause for
his removal, while none other have been since
shown by the accused himself. What, then,
was the motive for this act of maladministra-
tion, as Mr. Madison denominates it? Noth-
ing that wc are aware of, except the fact that
tho President cannot control the War Office in
tho interests of his policy, so long as lie is
there. Was this, then, a wanton removal? It
wassomcthing more—it was a wicked one. Aud
are we to be told now that he is bound to show
no reasons, and cannot be compelled to an-
swer for it to the nation, by those who claim
the power of removal for him 011 the very foot-
ing that its abuse would be impeachable?
But it is further strenuously argued, that al-
though tho law may be constitutional, and the
case of Mr. Stanton within it, as it has been
already held to be by this Senate, the ease was
not so clear a one as to authorize a charge of
crime against the President, unless it can be
shown that he has willfully misconstrued it;
and that although wherever a law is passed
through the forms of legislation, it is his duty
to see that it is faithfully executed so long as it
requires 110 more than ministerial action 011 his
part, yet, where it is a question of cutting off a
power eonlided to him by the Constitution, and
lie alone can bring about a judicial decision
for its settlement; if, 011 due deliberation and
advice, he should be of the opinion that the law
was unconstitutional, it would be 110 violation
of duty to take the needful steps to raise that
question, so as to have it peacefully decided.
Allow me to say in answer, that if 8Ven igno-
rance of the law, which excuses nobody else,
can be held to excuse tho very last man in the
nation who ought to be allowed to plead it, the
testimony shows, 1 think, that he did not mis-
understand its meaning. His suspension of
Mr. Stanton, which was an entirely new pro-
cedure, followed, as it was, by his report of the
case to the Senate within twenty days after its
next meeting, is evidence that he did under-
stand the law as comprehending that ease, and
did not intend to violate it, if he could get rid
of the obnoxious officer without resorting to
so extreme and hazardous a remedy.
But the question here is not so much whether
he ignorantly and innocently mistook the law,
as whether in the case referred to -of an inter-
ference with the power claimed by him under
the Constitution, he may suspend the operation
of a law by assuming it to be unconstitutional,
and setting it aside until the courts shall have
decided that it is a constitutional and valid
one. In the case at issue, it was not necessary
to violate the law, either by contriving to pre-
vent the incumbent from resuming his place
under it, or turning him out by violence after
he had been duly reinstated by the Senate, if
he honestly desired to test its validity in the
judicial forum. All that it was necessary for
him to do, was to issue his order of removal,
and give the officer a notice of that order, and
its object. If he refused to obey, the next and
obvious step would havebeento direct the Attor-
ney General to sue out a writ of quo warranto,
011 his own relation. This was not his course.
The remedy was not summary enough for hia
uses, as his special counsel, employed only
after the arrest of his pseudo Secretary Thomas,
testifies, because it would have allowed the law
to reigu in the meanwhile, instead of creat-
ing an interregnum of mere will by which he
hoped to supersede it. His project was to seize
the place; b.y craft, if possible; by'force, if
necessary. For this purpose he claims to have
made an arrangement with General Grant 1'or
its surrender to himself, iu ease the judgment
of the Senate should restore the officer, and
now taxes that distinguished officer with bad
faith to him individually, for his obedience to
the law.
ftstands, therefore, upon his own confession,
that he intended to prevent Mr. Stanton from
resuming his position, in which case—as he well
knew, and as his Attorney General knew, and
must have informed him, there was no remedy
at law for the ejected officer. Foiled and baf-
fled by the integrity of Grant, after full delib-
eration he issues his order of removal 011 the
2tst of February, and sends it by his lieutenant,
Thomas, with a commission to himself to act as
Secretary ad interim, and enter upon the du-
ties of the office. He does not fail to suggest to
him at the same time, that Stanlou is a coward,
and may be easily frightened out of the place
with a proper show of energy 011 his part., lie
tells him also that he expects him to support
the Constitution aud the laws—as he under-
stands them, of course. Thomas is a martinet.
He knows no law, as he confesses, but the order
of his Commander-in-Chief. He has been
taught 110 argument but arms—no logic but
the dialectics of hard knocks. Instructed
by the President, he hopes to frighten Stan-
ton by his big looks and horrent arms. He
proceeds upon his warlike errand in all the
panoply of a brigadier, and loftily demands
the keys of the fortress from the stern warder,
who only stipulates for twenty-four hours
to remove his camp equipage and baggage.
The conquest is apparently an easy one. He
reports forthwith to his chief with the brevity
of a Caesar: " Veni, ridi, oici." They rejoice,
no doubt, together over the pusillanimity of the
Secretary : and the puissant Adjutant then un-
bends, and flies for relaxation, after his heroic
and successful feat, to the delights and myste-
ries of tho masquerade; not, however, until he
has " fought his battle o'er again,"' aud invited
his friends to be present at the surrender on
the following morning, which he advises them
that he intends to compel by force, if necessary.
The masquerade opens. "Fair women and
brave men'' are there, and—
5 «
"Music ascends with its voluptuous swell,
And eyed look love to eyos that speak again;
And all goes merry as a marriage bell.''
The Adjutant himself is there. The epau-
lette has modestly retired behind the domino.
The gentleman from Tennessee at least will
excuse me, if after his own example. I borrow
