1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ul'o
Mr. INGERSOLL said: I desire to make
the point of order that when the Clerk lias
finished reading one section it is not proper
for him to commence the reading of the next
section without making any pause.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is entirely
out of order. It is not in order to interrupt
the reading.
The Clerk concluded the reading of the
section.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will call the
attention of the committee to the fact that
every section begins with the distinct words
"And be it further enacted," the reading of
which is a proclamation on the part of the
Clerk that a new section has been reached.
The Chair cannot instruct the Clerk to wait at
the close of each section for gentlemen to offer
amendments. It is not usual in committee.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I make the point of
order that the Clerk ought to stop at the end
of each section instead of reading right along
in a monotonous tone. That is not reading the
bill by sections.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The Clerk has read the bill,
as is usual with the clerks of the House, very
distinctly, and each section is prefaced with
the words ''And be it further enacted," which
is notice to gentlemen that a new section has
been reached. Does the gentleman appeal?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do; and I want to
say to the Committee of Ways and Means 
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the Chair state
what the question of order is 011 which the
appeal is taken?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is really at
a loss to know what the point of order is,
although he has consented to entertain the
appeal. The point of order seems to be that
the Clerk should adopt a new mode of reading
in the House, which is rather an amendment
to the rules than a point of order.
Mr. GARFIELD. I would like to inquire
whether this is a parliamentary point at all ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. 1 appeal from that
decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. An appeal being taken
from the decision of the Chair, the question
is, Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the committee ?
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 37, noes-1; no quorum voting.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I call for tellers.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It seems to me there
is no such thing as a point of order pending.
Mr. GARFIELD. I rise to a point of order.
The Chair is not authorized to appoint tellers
without they have been called for by the requi-
site number—one fifth of a quorum.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is authorized
to appoint tellers when no quorum votes. But
the Chair is of opinion that the point of order
of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ikger-
sou,] is no point of order at all.
Mr. INGERSOLL. That is a difference of
opinion between the Chair and myself.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will decline
to entertain any further proceedings under the
point of order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to offer an
amendment to section six of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. That section having
been passed, it requires unanimous consent to
turn back to it for the purpose of amending it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Well, I ask unanimous
consent.
Objection was made by several members.
Mr. BECK. Does it require unanimous
consent to offer any amendment to section six
at this time?
The CHAIRMAN. It does.
Mr. BECK. I could state my reasons why
I want to offer an amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. That is objected to,
and is not in order.
Mr. ROBINSON. i desire to offer an amend-
ment. to section seven of this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. That requires unani-
mous consent, the section having been passed.
Objection was made by several members.
Mr. ROBINSON. Then I insist upon the
count being made and declared upon the appeal
of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Inger-
soll.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has declined
to entertain any further proceedings under
that point of order or appeal.
Mr. CH ANLBR. I rise to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. CHANLER. Owing to the confusion
in the Hall at the time the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] was on the floor, the
gentleman from Kentucky,, [Mr. Beck,] who
had arisen for the purpose of offering an amend-
ment, was cut off by a misunderstanding on
that account.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair submitted to
the Committee of the Whole whether, under
the circumstances, the gentleman from Ken-
tucky should be allowed to offer his amend-
ment.
Mr. KNOTT. I desire to make a statement
in refeience to this matter.
The CHAIRMAN. There being objection
to the amendment, there is nothing before the
committee.
Mr. CHANLER. I appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. What decision of the
Chair does the gentleman appeal from?
Mr. CHANLER. The decision in reference
to the amendment of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Beck.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair asked unan-
imous consent for the gentleman from Ken-
tucky to offer his amendment, and objection
was made. The Chair has made no decision
from which an appeal can be taken.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. I hope gen-
tlemen will consent to go back to the sixth
section for the purpose of amendment. There
is no disposition on the part of any one to
break up the committee; but we want to offer
some amendments in good faith.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will again
ask if unanimous consent will be given to allow
the gentleman from Kentucky to move an
amendment to section six of this bill.
Objection was again made by several mem-
bers.
Mr. CHANLER. I move that the commit-
tee now rise.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were—ayes 11, noes 47; no quorum
voting.
Mr. CITANLER. I call for tellers.
Mr. BROOMALL. Dossitrequire a quorum
to decide the question upon the motion that
the committee rise ?
The CHAIRMAN. It does not; but the
discovery of the absence of a quorum arrests
the transaction of business.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask that the roll
be called. „
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will first
appoint tellers upon the motion that the com-
mittee now rise.
Mr. Ghanleb. and Mr. BROOiMALL were ap-
pointed tellers.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 13, noes bo.
The CHAIRMAN. No quorum having
voted, the Chair will, under the rule, direct
the Clerk to call the roll.
The roll was called ; and the following mem-
bers failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Adams, Arnell, Delos R. Ashley, James M.
Ashley, Axtcil, Bailey, Baldwin, Banks. Barnes,
Barnum, Boaman, Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Bing-
ham, Boyer, Bromwell, Brooks, Buckland, Burr,
Butler, Cake, Churchill, Reader \V. Clarke, bidney
Clarko, Uobb, Cook, Cornell, Covode.Gullom, Dawes,
Delam>, Dodge, Donnelly, Eekley, Lggleston,lild-
ridge, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, ¥mney, lox,Gio£sbrcn-
ner. Gravely, Griswold, Haight, Halsey, Harding,
Hill, Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Rich-
ard D.Hubbard, Ilulburd, Humphrey. Hunter, John-
sou, Jones, Judd, ICelley, Kelsey, Kerr, Kitchen,
I LaHin,William Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Lough-
ndge, Lynch, Mallory, Marshall, Marvin, McCul-
lough, JlcKee, Morroll, Morrissey, Mungen, i\ew-
cornb, Nicholson, Nuun, Paine, Perham, Phell'S,
Plants, Poland, Polsloy, Randall, Ross, Sawyei,
Selye, Shanks, Sitgreaves, Starkweather, Aaron F.
Stevens, Tha-ddeus Stevens, Stone, Taffe, Taylor,
Thomas, John Trimble, Van Aernam, Van Auben,
Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Wyck,
Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ulihu B. Wash-
burne, .Welker. William Williams, Stephen F. Wil-
son, Windom, Wood, Woodbridge, and Woodward.
The committee then rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Blaine reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union having had under consideration
the bill (H. R. No. 1284) to change and more
effectually secure the collection of internal
taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco, and to
amend the tax on banks, had found itself with-
out a quorum; that he had directed the roll t.o
be called, and reported the absentees to the
House.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move a call of the
House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Has not a quorum
answered ?
The SPEAKER. A quorum has not an-
swered.
Mr. ALLISON. I think that by the time
the absentees shall have been called a quorum
will be present.
The motion of Mr. Schenck was agreed to.
The SPEAKER directed the roll to ba
called, when the following-named members
failed to answer to their names :
Messrs. Adams, Arnell, Delos It. Ashley, James M.
Ashley, Axtell, Bailey, Baldwin, Banks, Barnes, Bar-
num, Beaman, Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Boyer,
Broomwell, Brooks, Burr, Butler, Cake, Churchill,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Co-
vode, Cullom, Dawes, Dodge, Donnelly, Eckley,
Eldridge, Ferry, Fields, Finney, Fox, Glossbrenner,
Gravely, Griswold, Halsey, Hill/Hopkins, Hotchkiss,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Iiulburd,
Humphrey, Hunter, Johnson, Jones,ICelley .Kelsey,
Kerr, Kitchen, Laflin, William Lawrence, Lincoln,
Loan, Loughridge, Mallory, Marshall, Marvin, Me-
Cullough, McKee, Morrcll, Morrissey, Newoomb,
Nunn, Paine, Perham, Phelps, Poland, Randall,
Ross, Selye, Shanks, Sitgreaves, Starkweather, Aaron
F. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens, Stone, Taffe, Thomas,
John Trimblo, Van Aernam, Van Auken, Burt Van
Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, Elihu B. Washburne, Welker,
William Williams, Stephen F.Wilson, Wood, Wood-
bridge, and Woodward.
Mr. PRUYN. I move to dispense with
further proceedings under the call.
Several Members. There is no quorum
present.
Mr. SCHENCK. I should like to know, if
we dispense with further proceedings under the
call, what the temper of the members will be
as to going on with the bill without calling for
a division and again breaking up the commit-
tee. If a division is to be insisted upon when
gentlemen have been voted down by those who
are here we might as well, perhaps, go through
with this call. I should be glad to have fur-
ther proceedings under the call dispensed with
if we could get along with our business in com-
mittee ; but it seems to be difficult to get gen-
tlemen to stay here and consent to be bound
by the vote of a majority of the committee in
attendance.
Mr. INGERSOLL. There will be no objec-
tion if consent be given to go back to section
six. The proposition which I desire to submit
will not occupy five minutes.
Mr. MULLINS. I cannot consent to that.
The motion of Mr. Pruyn was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The doors will now be
closed, and the Clerk will call the names of
absentees that excuses may be presented.
Mr. MUNGEN. Is it in order to move that
the House now adjourn?
The SPExVKER. It is.
Mr. MUNGEN. I make that motion.
The motion was not agreed to.
The Clerk proceeded to call the names of
absentees.
George M. Adams.
Mr. KNOTT. My colleague, Mr. Adams,
is detained at his home by sickness. _
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
Mr. Adams will be excused.
There was no objection.
Samuel M. Arnell. No excuse offered.
Delos R. Ashley. No excuse offered.
